Cover of the “ Lincoln Square Slum Clearance Plan. ” Image from New York Public Library .
Yesterday , we covered 10 buildings that refused to be demolished in the face of development . These spunky buildings ( and the people who lived in or owned them , of course ) , make for some of the best New York City stories . Sometimes however , whole neighborhoods get lost in New York . Many have made way for some of New York City 's most famous neighborhoods , but today we 're highlighting some of the stories and people who once traversed the streets daily .
1 . Radio Row , now World Trade Center
Radio Row . Photo from New York Public Library
In the shadow of the original World Trade Center was Radio Row , a jumbled 13-block neighborhood packed to the gills with radio stores for retail and repair , surplus parts , and hardware stores , rounded out with clothing shops , jewelers , stationery and more . Looking back , it 's what urban planners now a days might use as an example of great , activated streets , with some enterprising retailers selling their wares in the middle of the road as well .
Eminent domain was used evict and buy out the retailers and approximately 100 residents of Radio Row , who fought back with protests and lawsuits . But the wheel of New York City 's urban development and renewal was too strong in the 1960s and eventually the entire area was cleared for the new World Trade Center site .
View all on one page
Simon Kirby 's meeting with leading figures from the financial services sector was described as a `` bit of a disaster ''
A string of senior City figures have begun questioning the role of the Treasury minister responsible for the UK 's major financial centre following a `` car crash '' of a meeting to discuss the financial services sector 's Brexit planning this week .
Sky News has been contacted by a number of executives who attended a meeting of the advisory council of TheCityUK , a lobbying group , earlier this week .
Simon Kirby , the Economic Secretary to the Treasury , or City Minister , attended the session and was invited to comment on the Government 's latest plans to assist the financial services industry 's preparations for Brexit .
Sources who were present at the meeting say Mr Kirby told them that he was unable to offer detailed assurances about the Treasury 's work .
He is understood to have made a convoluted joke about Ed Balls ' appearance on the light entertainment programme Strictly Come Dancing , before answering two questions and then leaving after little more than ten minutes to attend another engagement .
The meeting is said to have been attended by more than 50 senior City figures .
Members of TheCityUK 's advisory board , which is chaired by Paul Manduca , the Prudential chairman , include : Sir Win Bischoff , chairman of the Financial Reporting Council ; Richard Gnodde , co-chief executive of Goldman Sachs International ; John McFarlane , the Barclays chairman ; John Nelson , chairman of Lloyd 's of London ; and Martin Scicluna , chairman of RSA Group , the insurer .
It is not clear which , if any , of those individuals attended this week 's advisory council meeting .
One attendee described the session with Mr Kirby as `` a car crash '' , saying : `` We need , above all else , a sense of decisive leadership from the Government , and a sense that ministers have a firm grasp of the issues .
`` This did n't provide it . ''
: : New Lord Mayor plays down Brexit threat to City from Frankfurt
Another of those present questioned whether Mr Kirby had sufficient interest in Europe 's financial services passporting regime , or clout within Government , to be a credible figure in the City .
`` It was a bit of a disaster , to be frank . There was nothing to inspire confidence , '' they said .
None of those who attended and spoke about the meeting agreed to do so on the record .
Another private sector figure defended Mr Kirby , saying it had been `` clear from the start '' that he could only attend for a very short time .
`` It was good of him to give up his time to come , and he answered the questions that were put to him , '' the person said .
Nevertheless , the disquiet from some of those present about Mr Kirby 's remarks highlights continuing concerns about the final shape of the Brexit deal that will determine the City 's ability to trade seamlessly across EU countries .
Sky News revealed on Wednesday that Jamie Dimon , the chairman and chief executive of JP Morgan Chase , had held talks with Philip Hammond , the Chancellor , to urge the Government to pursue a lengthy transition period for the UK 's EU departure .
A Treasury spokeswoman said : `` Ministers are engaging with industry representatives up and down the country as we move towards negotiating our exit from the European Union . ''
Treasury sources said that negotiations affecting the future of the City and the financial services industry were being directly overseen by the Prime Minister and Chancellor , adding that there was a `` highly competent '' team working on Brexit planning .
TheCityUK declined to comment .
IPCC recommendation to phase out fossil fuels by end of century to avoid dangerous global warming is categorically rejected by Poland and other eastern European countries
Poland and other eastern Europe countries have categorically rejected the target put forward by the world 's top climate scientists to reduce carbon emissions to zero by 2100 to avoid dangerous global warming , leaked documents show .
On Sunday , the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) said that fossil fuels must be entirely phased out by the end of the century to keep temperatures from rising as high as 5C above pre-industrial levels , a level that would have catastrophic impacts worldwide .
On 28 October , a few days before the IPCC synthesis report was published , EU environment and energy ministers meeting in Brussels were presented with a proposal by states including Sweden , Belgium , the Netherlands , France and Germany to incorporate the IPCC target into EU policy .
However , it was judged not to have “ sufficient support ” because of opposition from Poland , the Czech Republic , Bulgaria and Latvia who “ categorically rejected ” it , according to a internal briefing note seen by the Guardian .
Poland has vetoed past EU attempts to set climate objectives , and invested political capital in positioning itself as a leader of the Visegrad countries in the run up to the EU 's decision on climate targets for 2030 .
The European commission ( EC ) , represented by the outgoing climate commissioner , Connie Hedegaard , gave only lukewarm support to the zero emissions idea , saying it was “ all in favour of having a direction in which we should be going but it might be a bit premature to state it so directly – not all member states will probably be ready to do so ” .
Detlef van Vuuren , a lead author on the IPCC report , told the Guardian : “ I 'm quite surprised that this would be an important thing for the Visegrad countries to be worried about , because for them the question has been more about near-term reductions . ”
“ To reach the 2C target , being at or below zero emissions is a requirement , ” he added . “ It is not possible to have any form of stabilisation of the climate by 2100 without that . ”
“ I really find this a disgrace , ” the Dutch Green MEP Bas Eickhout said . “ After the IPCC report , everyone again said it was shocking , the science is clear , we should no longer delay action . And then as soon as it comes to political decisions , they step back from that . It just seems to be empty words every time . This is one of the key reasons why people do n't trust politics anymore . ”
Ministers at the summit , which was attended by the UK energy secretary , Ed Davey , also agreed not to insist on an assessment of countries ' carbon-cutting pledges ahead of next year 's climate summit in Paris , after opposition from France , Poland and the Czech Republic .
An assessment had been supported by powerful EU players including the UK , Germany and the EC , mindful of failure at the Copenhagen summit in 2009 , when climate pledges were not telegraphed beforehand . But the final text said only that contributions would be “ properly considered and analysed in advance of the Paris conference ” .
The EU ministers also agreed to leave the question of binding resource efficiency targets off a review agenda for the rest of the decade , after opposition from around half of the bloc 's nations .
The argument that waste recycling , management and prevention goals would ‘ dilute ' Europe 's focus on other 2020 targets was made by countries such as Britain , Germany , Ireland , Austria , Hungary , the Czech Republic and Romania .
Poland led other states arguing that it would be premature to adopt such goals without a more robust set of indicators .
The outgoing environment commissioner Janez Potocnik responded that far from being premature , “ we were already too late and needed to catch up ; the world has changed since the Europe 2020 targets were set in 2010 ” .
A consensus was finally reached to ask the commission to integrate resource efficiency into the EU 's 2020 strategy by “ the introduction of an EU non-binding aspirational target ” .
Blackett has joined Celtic on loan
Ronny Deila says Tyler Blackett 's versatility will be important to Celtic during the defender 's season-long loan from Manchester United .
The 21-year-old England Under-21 cap , who was introduced to Celtic fans at half-time during Saturday 's 3-1 win over St Johnstone , can play in central defence or at left-back .
`` So for us he 's going to be important , '' Celtic manager Deila told BBC Scotland .
`` He can play two or three positions and he has a lot of ability . ''
Blackett made 12 appearances for the English Premier League club last season and has had previous loan spells at Blackpool and Birmingham City .
However , his only United appearnces this season have been in pre-season friendlies .
`` He 's a very good football player , first of all , that 's the most important thing and he has high ambitions , '' said Deila .
`` He wants to come and play and be important in a team and at United he has been a little bit out of the team . ''
One of the biggest names on the cast entering the freshly concluded season of the Ultimate Fighter was Sam Alvey , a Bellator veteran with some respectable wins on his record . Though Alvey was taken out of the competition early , he certainly put forth a solid effort and gave no real reason behavior-wise to merit a release after the show 's conclusion .
However , like twelve of the sixteen fighters on TUF 16 , Alvey was n't invited back to the UFC and has been relegated back to the regional scene . “ Smilin ” Sam addressed the matter in a recent conversation with MMAWeekly Radio where he did n't blame anyone but himself but also stated the UFC 's approach should be seen as a warning shot .
“ It was surprising , ” Alvey confessed . “ I guess they wanted to teach future seasons a lesson . ”
“ Do n't worry about winning a fight , punch with your chin up and hope you get a knockout cause that 's what they 're looking for , ” elaborated Alvey . “ Message received . It is what it is , but it comes down to I should have won . Those of us that were on the show , we should have won . That 's what 's important . ”
The only fighters kept on by the UFC from TUF 16 were Neil Magny , Jon Manley , Mike Ricci , and eventual winner Colton Smith ( the last four men left in the tournament ) .
While the 26-year old wo n't be seen in the Octagon anytime soon , the 19-4 Alvey 's next in-ring outing is still noteworthy as he 'll be facing Elvis Mutapcic in a middleweight title-fight on February 15 at MFC 35 . Entering TUF 16 Alvey had won back-to-back bouts with both including a first-frame finish .
PHOTO CREDIT – UFC
Chris Obi , Shazad Latif and Mary Chieffo are the three primary Klingons to be cast in Star Trek Discovery . There 's been a huge amount of speculation over what Klingons will look like in the new series . Many articles have been written in anticipation of whether or not they would follow the 23rd century or the 24th century Klingon look .
Why is it so important and what makes it such a big deal ? Well , quite literally , without exaggeration , it 'll set the tone for entire the series . If you think that sounds like hyperbole – we do n't think it is . Here 's why it 's not , and why it 's so important to us .
← Share this with your friends now !
The Original Series Klingons
In Star Trek : The Original Series ( TOS ) , Klingons essentially looked like humans – but with “ evil ” goatee beards and exaggerated eyebrows to make them look distinct . They were also often ( rather unfortunately ) made to appear foreign to humans by their awkwardly brown skin color . Literally “ black face “ , brown edition . This was a cheap way for Star Trek , which was operating on a shoestring budget , to introduce a new alien species . The Klingons were a warrior race , but looked just like us ; well kind of like us , and not in a good way .
Klingons Evolve Post-Star Trek : The Motion Picture
By the time Star Trek : The Motion Picture came around , the forehead had started to take shape in the way we know it . And by Star Trek 3 : The Search for Spock , it had reached it 's final form . With feature-film budgets , more money could be spent on makeup and costume design . Klingons took on the look they would have from that point forward . Best known is Worf , the first Klingon to serve for Starfleet , who exhibited this forehead trait . Ridging became a clear indication of one 's Klingon-ness . It also made the Klingon species the most recognizable alien race for fans and non-fans alike .
Bridging the 23rd and 24th Century
Then came an episode of Deep Space Nine that made cinematic history . The crew of the USS Defiant were transported from the 24th century , back to the 23rd century , in the episode titled Trials and Tribble-ations . The crew of DS9 was literally placed into an episode of The Original Series , thanks to then-modern-day special effects .
Something to keep in mind is that every Star Trek tv series and movie is part of official Star Trek canon . That means something that has happened or that is true in one episode also reins true in all other episodes of every other series and movie . A single continuity .
← Share this with your friends now !
In Trials and Tribble-ations , the Defiant 's crew was rather bewilder when they were introduced to Klingons that looked rather human-like sans ridges . Dr. Bashir famously questions “ those are Klingons ? ” For them , in the 24th century , all Klingons have forehead ridges – it 's a species-defining trait . When asked why these 23rd century Klingons had no ridges , Worf simply states “ we do not speak about it with outsiders “ . Fair enough . We do n't get to know because only Klingons can know . Canon was saved , albeit by a bit of a cop-out !
Back to the 22nd Century
Next came Star Trek : Enterprise , a series known for pretty much ignoring canon in an effort to make Trek “ cool ” and “ sexy ” . ( Yup , they literally tried to describe Star Trek Enterprise in those terms ) . Its seeming departure from canon is part of the reason this series rated poorly in my opinion .
Surprisingly , Enterprise explained quite well why the Klingons had ridged foreheads for most of the 22nd century , human-like faces in the 23rd , and again ridged foreheads in the 24th . The explanation is one of the best things to come out of Enterprise . There 's very few of those in this writer 's opinion .
The explanation ? The Klingon Augment Virus . Bear with me for a moment here as I explain just what this means .
In Star Trek : Enterprise , Klingons were initially depicted with their ridged foreheads , just like they were in the Star Trek movies , The Next Generation , Deep Space Nine , and Voyager . The Original Series was the only franchise in which they did n't . That means at some point between the 22nd century and 23rd century , something happened to the Klingons that made them look more human . And then sometime between the 23rd century and the 24th century , they went back to having ridged foreheads .
Star Trek fans will undoubtedly remember Khan , from Star Trek 2 : The Wrath of Khan ( you know , “ Khaaaaaaaan ! ” ) . Khan was a genetic superman , a vestige of the Eugenics Wars on Earth . The Eugenics Wars left Earth pretty much in shambles , so genetic manipulation of the sort was outlawed . Well in Enterprise in the 22nd century , someone managed to dig up the old recipe . The Klingons , in typical Klingon fashion , interpreted this as a human weapon to destroy the Empire . So they located some of this awesome sauce and applied it to themselves in hopes of giving their species the upper hand . Unfortunately , because the genetic manipulation was intended for humans , the unintended consequence was that Klingons began looking like humans . This would plague and embarrass the Klingon Empire for some time to come . Klingon genetics sciences are hardly on the forefront .
← Share this with your friends now !
Essentially , Enterprise did the right thing to maintain canon not only for itself , but to enhance the centuries-long plotline in a fantastic way .
Great , so everything is making sense and the universe is as it should be . Not so fast ! Unfortunately , it 's not that simple . Enter Star Trek Into Darkness , where we were once again introduced to another look for the Klingon .
Star Trek Into Darkness Ruined it All
I personally love the look of the Klingons in Into Darkness . It 's a better representation of a warrior race in my opinion . But canon for the look had already been established for decades at this point . Star Trek canon for the Klingon was messed up yet again , this time it was the eyes . Well , kind of . That 's because it ( Into Darkness ) can be explained away as being part of the Kelvin universe . The Kelvin universe is an alternate universe caused by the time-traveling Romulan named Nero is Star Trek ( 2009 ) . So now we have one universe ( Prime ) where TOS , TNG , DS9 , VOY , ENT , and all the movies exist – except those after 2009 , and an alternative universe ( Kelvin ) where the 3 newest Star Trek movies take place .
We 've already been told that Star Trek Discovery will be in the Prime universe , much to the appreciation of most fans . So at least we do n't have to worry about Klingons looking like those in the Kelvin universe . Or do we ?
What Each Option Could Have Meant
Ridged : If the Klingons look like those of Star Trek : The Motion Picture and thereafter , canon is likely broken and we 're essentially in reboot territory . That 's because Discovery takes place 10 years before Kirk 's 5-year mission . A time-period when Klingons looked like humans . However there is a caveat : were all Klingons infected with the Klingon Augment Virus ? If not , we can have ridged foreheads without breaking canon . ( Edited to clarify ) It is accepted that not all Klingons caught the virus , and that all Klingons encountered by the USS Enterprise during Kirk 's 5-year mission either had the virus , or were descendants of Klingons that did .
Un-ridged : If they look more like humans , we 're fully within canon . In that case Discovery is n't likely looking to rewrite Trek history in ways that Trekkies and Trekkers may not appreciate . A somewhat safer bet . However there are a lot of confines placed on a new canon show thanks to some 900+ episodes of the various Star Trek series .
Ridged – but different : If they look different all-together then we know Discovery is completely charting a new course , possibly rewriting canon in its path . This would likely receive a lot of lashback from Star Trek fans . However it 'd be similar to the lashback that The Next Generation first received when it aired . It looked quite different than The Original Series . Now , TNG is often considered to be the best of Star Trek . So if Discovery does chart a new course , it does n't necessarily mean that all is lost .
Klingons in “ Discovery ” – What They Mean
Okay , history lesson of the future is complete . Now to the Klingons of Star Trek Discovery . It appears that what we 're getting is that last option – a combination of things . Yes , these Klingons have ridged foreheads . But they 're different . The ridging goes all the way from forehead to the back of their necks . This is somewhat similar in look to the Klingons found in Star Trek 6 : The Undiscovered Country , though those do n't fully go all the way down . What this means is that we may have a break in canon , but not so significantly that it abandons us all . It 's something new , but not so terribly foreign to us . Fresh and as scary as a Klingon should be .
← Share this with your friends now !
There has also been an elongation to their heads , though that only appears to be the case for a few of the Klingons standing around in this picture . Also of note is that they appear to all be bald whereas in all other series , Klingons had hair .
There 's another option that allows Star Trek Discovery to remain canon . The fact that the Klingon Empire spans many star systems and planets . Depending on just how long the Klingons have been a spacefaring species , there could easily be Klingons that have evolved differently to match their planetary conditions , per this responding tweet .
Remember the Empire contains many star systems and planets – and therefore many races . Why expect them to all look alike ? — Brad Wilson ( @ bradan_feasa ) February 11 , 2017
That 's certainly another possibility and a very good point .
So what do you think about these new Star Trek Discovery Klingons ? Tell us below . We want to hear your thoughts .
No , it was not a Referendum on Independence
Regardless of the result , Scotland would not have become independent as a result of the 2014 referendum . The Scottish people were being sold a false prospectus .
There are two reasons :
The first is that the nature of the 2014 referendum was misunderstood . It was purely consultative ; it was an ‘ expression of wish ' referendum not a referendum on any actual concrete , practical proposals for an independent Scotland , as there were none . There were , of course , plenty of aspirations . This misreading by the political class of the nature of different referendums cropped up repeatedly during the euro referendum that never was around the year 2000 . At that time Tony Blair seems to have thought a referendum vote in the UK would decide British entry to the euro regardless of the EU treaties , rates
of entry , ERM membership , etc. , etc . when agreement to entry required consent from other participants . Alex Salmond seems to have also thought that winning a referendum would be decisive . But a referendum is an instrument , it is n't an aim or a plan . The final terms and the consent of other parties , especially the UK government , was not in Salmond 's control .
Indeed , the YES campaigners went to great lengths to keep the Scottish electorate from hearing contrary views or thinking about hard facts . One remembers the assault on Nigel Farage in Edinburgh . It was infantilising and patronising for the YES campaign to suggest that Scotland could break away from the rest of the UK without pain but would flourish in the EU . Nor did the Westminster parties treat the electorate as adults . Unlike the Spanish government , which stated the truth , that the independence of any part of the country was a matter for the whole country , the Westminster parties refused to allow any electoral participation in the rest of the UK , nor were English politicians encouraged to campaign in Scotland – apparently the logic was that the Scots would be ‘ upset ' .
Types of Referendum
Referendums fall generally into three categories . First , there are those that ask for confirmation of decisions already taken and implemented by the Executive ( confirmatory ) . Among these would be classified the French referendums which confirmed the various governmental constitutions during the French Revolution – the changing regimes of the Directory , the Consulate and the Empire .
Hitler 's referendums , which covered such matters as the merging of the Offices of Reich President and Reich Chancellor after the death of Hindenburg , approval for the reoccupation of the Rhineland and leaving the League of Nations , also fell into this category .
A second type of referendum is the enabling type . This is where the general proposition is put to the people with the details to be filled in by the executive at a later date . Classic cases of this type were the referendums in the 1990s in Scotland , Wales and London . In these cases , the details were on subordinate matters , not essentials .
The third type is the seeking of popular consent ( “ consent ” ) to a fully worked , proposed law . A referendum of this type was conducted in Denmark in 1992 , where the government sought approval of Denmark 's consent to the Treaty of Maastricht after making available a million copies of the treaty . A similar referendum was held in Denmark in 2000 on whether or not Denmark should join the single currency . In this case most of the facts were in the public 's hands . The treaty had been distributed , the rate at which Denmark would enter the euro and all the conditions were known and Denmark complied with the conditions for entry to the single currency , including being in the ERM for over two years . There were defects in the actual question , but the basis for the question was reasonable .
The basis of the “ consent ” referendum is generally acceptable , provided the public receive balanced information and each ‘ side ' has equal resources . Some referendums have somewhat hybrid characteristics . The British referendum of 1975 fell partly in the “ consent ” category in that the Treaty of
Rome was available to the electorate , though not distributed . Nevertheless the matter in question , membership of the Common Market , had already been decided by Parliament and enacted previously so that it also had many elements of the “ confirmatory ” type . What has been objectionable is the pretence that the consent obtained in 1975 applied to all the various subsequent amending treaties that have turned the Common Market into the EC and now the EU with far greater powers than those given consent to by the British people in 1975 .
Unique Referendum
Once the types of referendums are classified , it is easy to see that the Scotland referendum of 2014 was unique . It was a classic referendum of the enabling type where the electorate gives approval to a general proposition with the details later filled in by the Executive . What was unique in Scotland was that the details were to be filled in by agreement between the Executive and a regional government . Because of the necessity of negotiations , the Scotland referendum exhibited a further uniqueness , it could not be executed by a single Executive but fulfilment was dependent on the outcome of negotiation between two parties and , to some extent , outsiders such as the EU institutions .
It is negotiations that will matter An independent Scotland would come into being via a Scotland Act passed by the British Parliament which would define the terms of separation and would
have to command the support of a majority of MPs . Any negotiated terms would be very different from the narrative put forward by the YES side . These terms and negotiations thereon would be going on against a background of capital flight as the Scotland bargaining position was eroded.In fact , the separatists would be in a remarkably weak position , similar to Blair would have been over the euro , as explained at length in my book , ‘ Why Mr. Blair will not win a Euro Referendum ' . Having won a referendum , but having an unsatisfactory negotiation , what exactly would the Scottish separatists do then ? There is a prevailing assumption that Scotland and the UK would agree a deal . This is highly unlikely . More likely is a complete deadlock in negotiations . There would be no pressure on the UK side to agree any deal at all , although obviously they would appear to be reasonable . Even if Scotland agreed to hand over the Faslane base in perpetuity , agreed it would not have sterling as its currency , took on its fair share of UK debt , agreed to migration controls , agreed a division of oil as a favourable basis to the rest of the UK , agreed to take on all liability for Scottish pensioners – and these are the minimum terms the rest of the UK should and would insist on – dealing with the question of EU membership is outside the UK 's powers , there are other parties involved .
Capital Flight
The second reason that Scotland will not become independent regardless of any purported ‘ yes ' vote is , of course , flight of English capital ( followed by Scottish capital ) from Scotland – regardless of whether or not there is a shared currency . Indeed , the question of a shared currency was a misleading issue . The real
issue was that English savers would not wish their assets to be in one country and their liabilities in another . In the same way , despite Germany and Portugal , sharing a currency , German savers , pensions and institutions keep their assets in Germany not in Portugal . Institutions and corporations would have a fiduciary duty to rectify a mismatch of assets of liabilities . Whether there was a shared currency or not would be irrelevant . And , of course , Scottish financial institutions are all heavily dependent on English capital . So , the Scottish financial sector would have to go into exile in England when English savers exercised their vote and there would be a massive transfer of English capital into England .
There was a previous independent ‘ Scotland '
Another area which has never been considered by the YES Campaign or the Westminster parties is ‘ people flight ' . There has , of course , been a previous ‘ Scotland ' . It was Ireland becoming a dominion in 1922 and leaving the Union even if the political and financial background was different . Ireland then was a rural economy without any significant systemic role in the financial structure of the UK . It could detach itself from the UK with some damage to itself but of little relevance to the rest of the UK .
Two things happened demographically after 1922 . Almost immediately there was an exodus of English born Irish residents or Protestant Irish born . This was followed by an ongoing exodus of Irish born people which lasted for 70 years up till the 1990s and has resumed again in 2008 . Between 1926 and 1972 ( that is , after the initial exodus of English born people ) it is estimated that about one third of the potential Irish population between 1922 and 1972 was exported ; that is to say , the number of Irish born and their descendants leaving after 1926 , was 50 % of the Irish population in 1972 . If one adds in the pre-1926 exodus plus the further exodus after 1972 , the figure was higher .
Why should Scotland be any different ? The heavy welfare state planned by the SNP can not be sustained without English financial support and will have to be drastically reduced . The economic losses when a political and economic union breaks up tend to be equal by definition on both sides , unless there are special factors . But the capacity of each side is vastly different . So what would be a relatively small loss
for the UK was a crushing loss for Ireland and would be a crushing loss for Scotland .
Indeed it is hard to say that Ireland ever became truly independent . Ninety years after 1922 , the UK extended an emergency £7 billion loan to Ireland ( £10,000 for every Irish family ) , this has recently been extended to 2042 ( 120 years after ‘ independence ' ) . While , no doubt the act of a good neighbour , it is
hard not to read some dependence into this . Indeed , if Scotland followed the path of Ireland , it would never become truly independent .
Emigration from Scotland
Moreover it is difficult to see why English born people would wish to stay permanently in Scotland , a country that specifically voted to separate itself from England . Of course , the UK could impose migration controls on Scotland , especially as the arrival of Scottish migrants would impose enormous infrastructure costs on the UK , as well as pushing down wages .
Conclusion
In short , the Separatists will fail because they do not have a clear aim , defining exactly what are the essentials of their independence proposition nor a clear plan , defining how to secure separation without massive self-harm to Scotland 's economy .
Their secret wish must be the sheer feebleness and lack of any foresight or planning by the UK government , which could agree separation terms which are damaging to the rest of the UK by taking on liabilities , both financial and other , to Scotland under the guise of ‘ good relations ' and leave the Scottish state a permanent pensioner of the English taxpayer .
However , otherwise , once the capital exodus and the people exodus begin – and they would begin immediately after a YES vote – it is difficult to see how the Separatists could act other than by reneging on a YES vote .
The lesson for EU withdrawalists is clear . They must win the ‘ enabling ' question , that is to say , an ‘ expression of wish ' , but must also have a clear aim and clear plan to be executed the day after the result .
Photo by Dave McLear
The announcement of Max Verstappen coming into F1 next year at 17 years of age continues to prompt reflection and analysis on modern day F1 cars and there have been some interesting points raised over the past two days by drivers and senior figures alike .
Most drivers seem to have taken Verstappen 's presence on the grid with an open-mind ; clearly he is a talented driver , goes the reasoning , he 's likely to make rookie mistakes , but Toro Rosso has a track record for developing young talents and they know what they are doing .
This site raised the wider concern last week that should the public see a 17-year-old jump into an F1 , it could lead to a damaging perception that F1 is easy .
This line of thinking has resonated this weekend in Spa ; 1997 world champion Jacques Villeneuve has very strong views on the matter , seeing it as a lose-lose for the sport , `` It is the worst thing ever for Formula One because it will have two effects , '' he said . `` It will either destroy him or , even if he is successful right away , then F1 will be meaningless .
`` What will F1 be ? It will be nothing . It does n't do any good for anyone . ''
Red Bull 's technical boss Adrian Newey had to pick his words carefully when responding to questions about Verstappen this weekend , for obvious reasons . However he too expressed concern that the public perception of F1 as being made easier is not positive for the sport ,
`` I think the fact that young drivers – no disrespect to them at all – can jump in and instantly be at the front , or competitive certainly , is an interesting one , he said . ''
`` The critical thing is the cars should look fast , '' added Newey , `` And , if you 're sitting there watching television that it should be 'Wow , those guys are superheroes , I could n't do that . ' If I 'm honest I do n't think the current cars really do that .
`` I think If you watch MotoGP then you certainly have that feeling , that those guys are superheroes , whereas the current crop of cars , their power-to-weight is not fantastic . Going back to the 1300hp in qualifying Formula One cars that were quite a bit lighter than they are now . Then those things , you had to bolt on some fairly special appendages to drive them in qualifying .
`` I do n't think there 's an easy answer but I think it would be good to make the cars a bit more difficult to drive in truth . ''
Ferrari technical director James Allison had a slightly different view ; albeit agreeing with Newey 's point that it 's important that the cars look fast and exciting ,
`` I think what we have at the moment is fast . I think it looks dramatic , I think it requires skill from the drivers and I think it 's producing fairly good races . So I do n't really see any big problems in that regard , '' he said .
Earlier in the weekend several drivers had aired similar concerns to Newey about the difficulty level of driving the current generation of cars , as highlighted by the ease with which very young drivers are able to jump in and perform .
Felipe Massa and Nico Rosberg ( below in 2005 ) , who tested an F1 car at 17 , both said that the cars of 10 years ago were more physically challenging to drive , especially as refuelling meant that the races were a series of sprints , with faster lap times and higher physical loads . They both called for the cars to be more challenging physically , which would have the knock-on effect of making it harder for young drivers to cope physically .
Romain Grosjean gave a slightly different view , however .
`` Do n't get us wrong , the cars are not easy to drive . They 're still performing very well . Yes , physically they are easy , but there are other challenges '' he said .
`` I think it 's still a tough job . I remember my time in 2009 , and already then the cars were physically harder to drive . I would like more : the quicker it goes the more we enjoy it . We are racing drivers . If you give us 200 more horsepower and more grip , we will take it – but what we want is to really have good races . ''
It 's an interesting discussion , which will continue no doubt . It 's part of the wider discussion on what the stakeholders want the sport to be for the future .
Part of the reasoning behind having a 17-year-old racing is that this will help to open up interest among the younger generation who do not relate to F1 and do n't watch it .
This may happen to some extent , but this site maintains that in the risk/reward balance on this topic , the wider negative for the sport of perceived as being 'child 's play ' outweighs the positives of a few more teenagers watching the sport .
This sounds like a scene out of A Christmas Carol , but it appears to be real . The resident chaplain for Bentley at Crewe was removed from his post – just days before Christmas . Reverend Francis Cooke had visited Crewe once a week for the last decade , but was relieved of his duties when it was feared by management that his presence at the factory might offend a multi-faith workforce.According to Rev . Cooke , `` The reason I have been given is that there are too many people of different faiths to warrant a Christian chaplain . '' Cooke pointed out that no complaint had ever been brought against him , and that he helps all faiths at the factory – not just Christians . Bentley issued a statement , addressing its decision , `` We have a wide range of faiths and want to take a multi-faith outlook . It would be very difficult to have somebody from each faith . `` The Bentley staff did not take this well , and have launched a petition to restore the reverend to his position of the last ten years . According to one Crewe employee , `` Everyone is really angry about it as a few of us have been on courses with him . '' The unnamed employee continued , `` To do this before Christmas is shocking . '' There is no word yet on the progress of the petition , or the hopes of Rev . Cooke 's reinstatement at Crewe .
West Ham and Liverpool for Niang
By Football Italia staff
Milan wants to send M'Baye Niang to Genoa , but he 's pushing for a permanent transfer to Liverpool , West Ham or Crystal Palace .
The striker has been dropped for tomorrow 's Coppa Italia quarter-final against Juventus , as he is considering transfer options .
The Rossoneri struck a deal with Genoa to hand him over on a six-month loan in exchange for Lucas Ocampos , also on a temporary basis .
However , multiple reports insist the French forward is refusing the Genoa move and wants to go to the Premier League .
According to Tuttomercatoweb , Mediaset Premium and Sky Sport Italia , Niang is personally taking part in negotiations in Milan hotels with representatives from West Ham United and Liverpool .
Crystal Palace are also interested , but the other two clubs seem to have the upper hand .
Milan are demanding approximately €18m for the pacey 22-year-old .
This season he has three goals and three assists in 18 Serie A appearances , but Coach Vincenzo Montella and fans are frustrated at his poor finishing and refusal to track back .
The monks of Caldey Island sell their perfumes on the internet An island community of monks were so fed up with their slow internet connection , they 've gone broadband . The Cistercian monks live on Caldey Island , three miles off the coast of Tenby in Pembrokeshire . The self sustaining community sells homemade perfume and sweets over the internet for their income . Father Daniel said : `` Patience is one of the characteristics of monastic life , but even the patience of the Brothers was being tested by our slow internet '' . Over the last five years , the monks internet shop has increased its turnover by 100 % . But their slow dial-up connection was hampering their business . So they worked with a local telecommunications firm who have used a signal from a communications tower on the mainland to transmit wireless broadband to the island . `` Broadband access has made a huge difference to our internet usage , '' said Father Daniel . `` We knew we needed a faster connection , but we had almost given up trying to find a workable solution which would give us an internet connection at speeds enjoyed by others on the mainland . `` We have many plans to develop our commercial activities now we have a modern , high speed communications link , '' he said . Broadband on the island will help the monks sell their goods online The monks ' wireless broadband is transmitted to the island by TFL Group from their communications tower at Pentlepoir on the mainland . Jonathan England , from telecommunications firm TFL Group said : `` We are absolutely delighted to have been able to provide the community at Caldey Abbey with state-of-the-art wireless broadband access . '' Ben Childs , the estate manger on Caldey , said the internet shop helped to support the island during the winter , after the tourists have left . `` It 's crucial to our needs and broadband will help the speed up things , '' he said . Monks first settled on the island just off the Pembrokeshire coast near Tenby in the 6th Century . The present Cistercian order moved into the monastery from Scourmont Abbey in Belgium in 1929 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
George Soros is the favorite boogieman behind anything anti-American or anti-freedom . But the reality is , not even a billionaire can single handedly bring down our country . Truth is it takes many of these left leaning , elitist , billionaires to pull it off .
If you think back to last month , November 4th was to be the big day that Antifa was to launch their major effort to overthrow our legitimate President . What was to be a major storm turned out to be nothing more than a little drizzle . In fact , if you think about it , not much has been from Antifa in the past month .
Although correlation does not equal causation , there may be a plausible explanation – Billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal . Alwaleed is considered the Warren Buffett of the Middle East and a major stockholder in Twitter , Citibank , MGM , CNN and the Huffpost . He has been long time left wing activist and was instrumental in getting a then young , Barry Obama into Harvard . Alwaleed even circulated a memo offering to match any donations made to the terrorist organization CAIR .
Well back to the big November 4th firestorm from Antifa . On November 5th , Alwaleed was arrested under a new decree by Saudi King Salman to clean up corruption in the Saudi Kingdom .
Alwaleed is charged with money laundering , bribery , extortion , and embezzlement . The Prince is complaining about the hardships of prison life , which is a suite , under armed guard at the Ritz Carlton in Reyaud . Alwaleed owns the Four Seasons and would rather suffer his confinement there .
So the billion dollar question is : Was Antifa being funded by Alwaleed , and did his arrest on November 5th cut off the funds to Antifa resulting in their near disappearance ?
It is a disturbing coincidence that we will continue to watch and report on .
Mark Young is the Co-Host of Blunt Force Truth Podcast
Mark can be reached on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/MarkYoungTruth
Next month , voters across New York will decide the fate of two historic land swaps in the Adirondack Park . One would settle a long-standing property dispute in Raquette Lake .
The other would allow a mining company to extract a mineral called wollastonite from 200 acres of park land in the Champlain Valley town of Lewis . NYCO says the project could help preserve as many as a hundred jobs .
Because both deals involve the state forest preserve , amendments to New York 's constitution are needed for the projects to move forward .
This morning , we begin a two-part series looking in-depth at the more controversial of the land swaps - the deal involving NYCO minerals .
Tucked away in the Adirondacks foothills about an hour 's drive from Plattsburgh , a massive pit plunges down eight stories down into the earth .
Trucks the size of small buildings are hauling out chunks of whitish rock – a mineral called wollastonite that 's used in everything from paint to plastics .
Mark Buckley from Willsboro has worked for NYCO for 26 years and is now the company 's environmental safety manager .
`` At the bottom of the pit , that grayish white rock where the drills are setting , that 's where they 're drilling ore now , '' he says .
Just beyond a line of trees above the pit lies a chunk of property known as Lot 8 , roughly 200 acres of forest land , acquired by New York state in the 1800s .
We hike in along an old hunting trail to the boundary between NYCO 's land and official forest preserve . The company thinks a rich new vein of wollastonite lies just underneath this stand of trees .
`` We have drilled along here and we know that there 's ore at depth – not real deep – it 's down there , '' Buckley says .
It 's a gorgeous stand of forest – big pines and maple and what look like seasonal pools .
NYCO already owns another property nearby , private land where wollastonite mining could go forward . But Buckley says gaining access to Lot 8 will help keep the company healthy .
`` This is more economically accessible , '' he says . `` We do n't have all the infrastructure built over there [ at the other site ] . We do n't have a truck shop , we do n't have electrical . ''
To gain access to Lot 8 , NYCO needs a constitutional amendment . Working with the state Conservation Department , the company put together a landswap that will trade these 200 acres for roughly 1500 acres of other land that would be added to the forever wild forest preserve .
The deal has the backing of DEC commissioner Joe Martens , who told North Country Public Radio back in June that the lands being added to the Park under this deal outweigh any environmental damage .
`` They are far superior to the 200 acres that NYCO would get , '' Martens argues .
`` [ The new lands ] have about six miles of trout streams and significant water bodies on them . I think from every measure , the community and the state of New York benefits from this proposition .
Buckley takes me a couple of miles away to a Spruce Mill Brook – a winding creek that feeds into Lake Champlain . This is one of the parcels that he says would be added to the state 's park land if the deal goes through .
`` We 're working on finalizing the option to purchase that , should the swap take place . There 's probably 300 acres here and it takes in about a mile and a half of stream frontage on both sides . ''
Supporters of the deal point out that the new forest preserve parcels would offer new points of access to the Jay Mountain wilderness for hikers , hunters and anglers .
This deal has the support of the Adirondack Council and the Adirondack Mountain Club , two of the park 's biggest green groups . But some environmental activists argue that allowing a mining operation on Park land described as “ forever wild ” would set a dangerous precedent .
Buckley , with NYCO , counters that the Constitutional amendment process is challenging and each project that 's proposed has to `` stand on its own merits . ''
`` Other projects might not have as strong an argument , but let them present their argument to the legislature like we did . That 's why the constitution is written the way it is . ''
A lot of local residents here are convinced that this land swap is crucial to their economy . Larry Deso from the town of Essex is a heavy equipment operator for NYCO – he 's worked here for forty years .
`` There ' svery few jobs here that are the same caliber as NYCO unless you 're a professional , '' he points out .
David Blades , town supervisor in Lewis , says he was relieved this summer when the legislature approved the land swap– and he 's confident voters will do the same .
`` I 'm fairly happy and satisfied and confident that voters are going to be able to make the right decision come election time . ''
Tomorrow we 'll look at the environmental debate over the NYCO land swap , with some green groups strongly supporting the deal and other activists urging voters to reject it .
Faith schools have been barred from screening out exam questions that contradict their religious beliefs , the qualifications watchdog has ruled .
Ofqual said schools found to have redacted parts of GCSEs and A-levels will be guilty of “ malpractice ” and could ultimately be barred from staging public exams .
The move follows a decision by a Jewish state school to block out questions about evolution on a GCSE science exam .
Yesodey Hatorah Senior Girls ' School – an Orthodox Jewish institution in Hackney , east London – was found to have censored 52 test papers in two separate exams last year .
It meant pupils were unable to properly complete the test – potentially leaving them with lower marks than their peers .
Secular campaigners claimed the practice was “ commonplace ” among certain types of faith school particularly in relation to evolution and subjects such as sex education .
Now Ofqual has stepped in to formally ban the censoring of test papers , saying the move would be punished in the same way as those caught cheating . Schools can be barred from running exams or have their entire results quashed .
It comes despite earlier refusal by the regulator to ban the practice .
In a statement , the watchdog said it had written to all exam boards to “ set out our position on the redaction , or blacking out , of certain exam paper questions ” .
“ Having looked into the issue , we concluded that while the practice was very rare , it should not be allowed , ” it said .
“ Denying learners access to all the questions on a paper prevents the candidate achieving their full potential and therefore disadvantages them . It also threatens the validity of the qualification .
“ If awarding organisations suspect that schools or centres are redacting exam papers in the future we would expect them to act in the same way as they would for any other case of malpractice . ”
The OCR exam board – one of the biggest in the country – said a total of two schools redacted exam questions last summer .
It also issued a statement insisting that schools would not be permitted to make changes to exam papers .
Stephen Evans , campaigns manager at the National Secular Society , said : `` This is a significant victory for the rights of children and young people to not have their education impeded by religious organisations seeking to pursue their own agenda of inculcation or indoctrination .
`` We now call on the Government to introduce robust measures to ensure all faith schools teach the National Curriculum in full , including areas that clash with schools ' religious ethos , such as evolution and human reproduction . ''
Richy Thompson , from the British Humanist Association , said : “ Every child has a human right to scientific knowledge and evolution is fundamental to understanding how life came to be .
“ This change of policy represents a victory of common sense over ignorance , and we will continue to work with the Government and Ofqual to ensure that no pupil is denied such vital information . ”
At the Supermercado Mexico in Portland , Oregon , you 'll find a turning spit of pork , basted with chili and onions , dripping fat and flavor . Shave some off into a tortilla and you 've got a taco al pastor , the classic Mexican street food .
It 's a similar scene halfway across the world in Jerusalem . At the hole-in-the-wall Al Waary restaurant , there 's a vertical rotisserie of beef spinning next to the flames , flavored by tangy vinegar . Shave some off into a pita , and you 've got shawarma — the quintessential Middle Eastern street meat .
If you 're thinking these beloved dishes might be linked , you 're right . So we hit the street food trail to find out , starting in Jerusalem .
“ Shawarma is very , very interesting , ” says Ali Qleibo , a Palestinian anthropologist , sitting at the Al Waary shawarma joint . The origin of the word shawarma comes from the Turkish word çevirme , which means `` turning . ''
Ali Qleibo , a Palestinian anthropologist , in front of Al Waary shawarma stand in Jerusalem . Credit : Daniel Estrin
You can find some version of shawarma everywhere in the Middle East where the Ottoman Empire once reigned .
“ Turks call it döner kebab ; Greeks call it gyro ; Iraqis call it kas , ” Qleibo says . “ This shows you the all-pervasive influence of the Ottoman Empire , because all the subjects of the Ottoman Empire eat shawarma even though they call it by different names . ”
Of course , the people of the Ottoman Empire did n't all stay there . About 36,000 people under Ottoman rule left for Mexico between the late 19th and early 20th century .
“ People came from as far as Egypt . I found some people [ who ] came from Iraq , ” says Theresa Alfaro-Velcamp , a history professor at Sonoma State University who has tracked the migration of Middle Easterners to Mexico . “ The majority came from the Levant , as it was called during that time , which is now modern-day Lebanon and Syria . ”
The migrants left for the usual reasons : looking for economic opportunity , dodging army conscription and escaping sectarian violence . And when they arrived , they brought their food with them . “ By the 1930s , there were restaurants that served shawarma , ” says Jeffrey Pilcher , a historian and author of the book `` Planet Taco . ''
A shawarma sandwich in Jerusalem . Swap in pork for lamb , and a tortilla for a pita , and you 've got the Mexican classic , Taco al Pastor . Credit : Daniel Estrin
Then the cuisine morphed : “ During the 1960s , the Mexican-born children of these Lebanese migrants ... start opening up their own restaurants , and they start to create a kind of hybrid cuisine , '' Pilcher says .
“ They take the technology that they grew up with in these Lebanese restaurants , the vertical rotisserie — but instead of using lamb , they use pork , ” Pilcher says . “ They marinate it in a red chili sauce , which gives it that distinctive color , and they cook these up and serve them and call them tacos al pastor . ”
China has left its imprint on Mexican food , too . Avocado fried rice , anyone ?
Even the term `` al pastor , '' which means `` in the style of the shepherd , '' is a nod to the original Middle Eastern lamb version of the dish .
When Mexico 's economy boomed after World War II , tacos al pastor moved from small towns to bigger cities and eventually into the US .
The fact that this classic dish was a relatively recent import from the Middle East does n't necessarily make it any less Mexican , adds Pilcher , the taco historian . “ Authenticity is n't always something that dates back to the ancient Aztecs and Mayas , ” he says . “ That meaning of Mexico is continually being recreated in every generation . ”
But whether it 's lamb or pork , tortilla or pita , Jerusalem or Portland , the essentials have remained the same : Fat and fire , a handful of spices , a quick meal — and a taste of tradition .
SPLC publishes patriot hit list
April 21 , 2010
( Equestions changed to Questions . It was a dumb pun at 3 AM anyway )
Semaine 9
Semaine 8
Samedi 23 février
Blocage
Bonjour , admin récent , je patrouille régulièrement , et donc applique des blocages quand je les estime nécessaires . J'ai croisé la route de l'article Cheikh Anta Diop suite à une WP : DPP . Néfermaât a bloqué indéfiniment 96.20.248.148 ( u · d · ) malgré le moindre message d'avertissement . Après avoir modifié le blocage à 3 jours pour WP : GE + un message sur les PDD respectives , je souhaite avoir des avis d'admins aguerris afin d'approuver ou non ces choix . Bien cdt -- OT38 ( discuter ) 23 février 2019 à 18:38 ( CET )
Addendum - je ne comprends à nouveau pas la modification du blocage de 204.48.77.24 ( u · d · ) par Néfermaât : de 3 jours à indef pour violation de { { R3R } } . Dans l'attente d'avis , j'ai rabaissé le blocage à 3 jours . Cdt -- OT38 ( discuter ) 23 février 2019 à 20:37 ( CET ) On ne bloque pas indéfiniment les adresses IP , puisque les fournisseurs d'accès peuvent les réallouer , sans prévenir , à d'autres de leurs abonnés . Même les proxies ne sont bloqués , selon les cas , que un à cinq ans . — Hégésippe ( Büro ) [ opérateur ] 23 février 2019 à 20:43 ( CET ) Au point qu'on peut se demander pourquoi cette option est proposée , non ! TigH ( discuter ) 24 février 2019 à 10:50 ( CET )
Modèle : Article supprimé
Bonjour
Pour info , j'ai modifié Modèle : Article supprimé pour y ajouter un lien direct pour procéder à la suppression de l'article . Cela pré-remplit le champ avec le motif « suite à décision communautaire » et un lien vers la PàS .
S'il y a un souci , un truc à réparer ou améliorer , faites-moi signe ( ou faites-le ) .
Trizek bla 23 février 2019 à 17:44 ( CET )
Jeudi 21 février
Traque en bande + violation R3R
Requête de Jlancon déplacée en RA . SammyDay ( discuter ) 21 février 2019 à 15:40 ( CET )
( Updates with quotes , details )
By Abdiqani Hassan
GAROWE , Somalia , Nov 7 ( Reuters ) - Fighting between regional militias in a city in central Somalia killed at least 29 people and wounded more than 50 , officials from both sides said on Monday .
The latest in a spate of clashes in Galkayo , a city divided between the semi-autonomous regions of Puntland and Galmudug , erupted on Sunday following a dispute over building plans .
Col. Mohamed Aden , a Puntland military officer , said 16 soldiers serving in the region 's armed forces had been killed and 30 wounded .
The mayor of southern Galkayo , Hirsi Yusuf Barre , said the toll on the Galmudug side was 13 dead and 20 wounded .
Doctors at hospitals in north and south Galkayo , who asked not to be named for fear of reprisals , put the overall death toll at at least 50 .
Both militias offer political support to Somalia 's U.N.-backed government , based in the capital Mogadishu . But the clashes between them underscore the tenuous grip it exerts on Somalia 's powerful regions .
Civil war has been raging in Somalia for 25 years .
The government is due to hold twice-delayed parliamentary elections by the end of 2016 , but the threat from al Qaeda-linked Islamist militant group al Shabaab means only 14,000 people , representing federal states , will be eligible to vote . ( Reporting by Abdiqani Hassan and Abdi Sheikh ; writing by Katharine Houreld ; editing by John Stonestreet )
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cable : Jones `` can distance himself as far as he likes '' from Corbyn
UK Labour is directly contradicting Welsh Labour on Brexit , Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable has said .
Visiting Cardiff as part of a tour meeting party members , he said First Minister Carwyn Jones and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn `` are effectively in different parties '' on the issue .
Mr Jones has said there is no need to leave the EU single market , while Mr Corbyn said the UK should do so .
Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell has insisted they are `` on the same page '' .
'Different tune '
Sir Vince told BBC Wales : `` At a UK level Jeremy Corbyn is working hands and glove with the May government in order to secure a hard Brexit , not just a Brexit but leaving the customs union , single market , all of those very good things .
`` I 'm aware that the Welsh Labour party is singing from a completely different tune but that is seriously dissonant . People are looking for some consistency .
`` They know that the Liberal Democrats in Wales and at a UK level are completely clear and consistent that our future lies with Europe and minimising the damage from the Brexit . ''
He said Welsh Labour 's position `` may make sense internally within their own group but at a UK level their own party is directly contradicting what they are doing .
`` Carwyn Jones can distance himself as far as he likes from Jeremy Corbyn but they are effectively in different parties and I think the public can see through that . ''
The Welsh Liberal Democrats had campaigned for Remain at the EU referendum , where Wales voted to leave the EU .
Image caption Mark Williams lost his seat at the June general election
The Welsh Liberal Democrats won no seats at the general election in June , losing the Ceredigion seat Mark Williams held to Plaid Cymru 's Ben Lake .
Kirsty Williams , AM for Brecon and Radnorshire and Welsh education minister , is currently interim leader of the Welsh Lib Dems as the position can only be taken up by an MP or an AM .
Sir Vince said : `` We 're naturally very disappointed that we do n't have an MP in Wales .
`` Mark Williams was a super MP . We 've been previously very strong in mid Wales and we had strong strongholds in the south .
`` But we 'll get back . That 's why I 'm here , '' he said .
`` We have a strong group on Cardiff council . We 've got a foothold in Welsh Government , Kirsty Williams , doing an excellent job , and I think when you have this combination of a very dysfunctional , divisive Tory government and a Labour opposition which flirted with revolutionary socialism , people are looking for common sense solutions and they will get behind . ''
'New party not needed '
A former chief to staff to Brexit secretary David Davis , James Chapman , claimed on Friday that two cabinet ministers had expressed interest in a new centre party to oppose Brexit .
`` I do n't think a new party is needed , '' said Sir Vince , `` but we are , as I say , willing to work with people in other parties if that 's the way they wish to remain in the short run . ''
He added : `` We 're going to have to assemble a coalition of people , Labour , Conservatives , nationalists and ourselves to fight damaging legislation so I am very much into working with other parties .
`` But we are a consistent party which is warning of the dangers of Brexit , offering people a choice at the end of process as to whether they want to leave or stay .
`` And I think it would be a natural port of call with anyone who is unhappy with the Tories and the Labour party . ''
A spokesman for the Welsh Labour Government said : `` Welsh Labour have been well ahead of the game in terms of shaping the Brexit debate .
`` We have consistently argued that protecting jobs and our economy should be the focus of Brexit negotiations and want to ensure that Brexit is a success for our economy and our people . ''
AMD announced its high-end , multi-core Threadripper processors back in May , and today the company is finally giving some solid details as to what we can expect from the new chips , along with pricing and release information .
The Threadripper line will launch two chips : the $ 799 Ryzen Threadripper 1920X , with 12 cores / 24 threads and a 3.5GHz base speed that can boost to 4.0GHz ; and the top-tier $ 999 Ryzen Threadripper 1950X , which will offer the previously promised overkill of 16 cores / 32 threads clocked at 3.4GHz with boosted speeds up to 4.0GHz . And like AMD 's other Ryzen processors , both Threadripper models are unlocked for users to overclock as they see fit .
Those prices compare pretty favorably to Intel 's own recently announced multi-core Core i9 line , which represents AMD 's biggest competition in the high-end processor space . The 12 cores / 24 threads Threadripper 1950X is roughly comparable to the Core i9-7920X , but costs $ 400 less than Intel 's $ 1,199 option . Similarly , Intel 's 16 cores / 32 thread Core i9-7960X runs for $ 1,699 , a $ 700 increase on AMD 's $ 999 Threadripper 1950X .
You can buy two of AMD 's top Threadripper chips for the price of Intel 's Core i9 Extreme
That said , if sheer thread and core count is all that matters , Intel still technically does have the edge here with the Core i9-7980XE Extreme Edition , an 18 core / 36 thread monsters of a processor . At $ 1,999 , however , you can also buy two of AMD 's top Threadripper chips for the price .
The Threadripper chips — along with some new motherboards that support the high-end processors — will be available in early August .
On the lower end of the spectrum , AMD also announced some new details on its budget Ryzen 3 chips , which are meant to fill out the low end of the market in the same space that Intel 's Core i3 chips currently occupy . The Ryzen 3 1300X is the more powerful of the two , clocked at 3.5GHz ( that can boost to 3.7GHz ) , while the Ryzen 3 1200 is slightly slower at base speeds of 3.1GHz ( with boosts up to 3.4GHz ) . The first two Ryzen 3 models will be available on July 27th , although no pricing information has yet been released .
Treasury to give Bank ability to restrict size of loans amid concerns that sector may pose a danger to the financial system
The Bank of England is gaining powers to curb any lax lending in the fast growing buy-to-let mortgage sector , an area it has identified as posing a potential risk to the financial system .
The Treasury is to give Threadneedle Street the ability to restrict the size of loan relative to the value of a property and also limit the size of loans relative to the amount of rent landlords receive to cover interest payments .
It follows a consultation which was launched by the Treasury in December , at a time when the Bank was warning about the impact of the sector , because of concerns that landlords would be more likely to sell if they ran into payment difficulties ; in turn , the markets could be flooded with properties and affect home buyers .
The chancellor , Philip Hammond , said : “ It is crucial that Britain 's independent regulators have the tools they need to keep our financial system as safe as possible . ”
Landlords lose legal challenge over buy-to-let tax changes Read more
The powers are technically being given to the Bank 's financial policy committee ( FPC ) , which was set up following the banking crisis to look for the large risks to financial stability .
“ Expanding the number of tools at the financial policy committee 's disposal will ensure that the buy-to-let sector can continue to make an important contribution to our economy , while allowing the regulator to address any potential risks to financial stability , ” Hammond said .
The Bank is expected later this week to set out its ideas for how it might use its powers . It will be able to use the powers next year once legislation is approved by MPs and peers .
It has already taken some action to curb the buy-to-let mortgage market , which has fuelled lending growth . In March the FPC set out measures intended to reduce the number of new buy-to-let mortgages by between 10 % and 20 % during 2018 .
The measures included requiring lenders to consider landlord costs associated with letting properties , including tax , and verifying incomes if earnings were to be used to support a loan .
The Bank is also alert to tax changes , to see if they will have an impact . From 2017 tax relief for buy to let will be reduced to a flat rate of 20 % compared with the current 40 % or 45 % , while an extra 3 % has been added to stamp duty on buy-to-let purchases . Some lenders are already making changes to their borrowing terms .
In June 2014 , the Bank intervened in the residential mortgage market , barring lenders from granting more than 15 % of their mortgages to customers needing to borrow four-and-half times their income .
Sen. Levin Says Tackling Tax Haven Abuse is One Way to Reduce Deficit Sen. Levin : Tax Haven Abuse Costs $ 100 Billion in Lost Revenue Annually
The showdown over raising the debt ceiling has brought corporate tax havens into the spotlight , a time-honored practice for businesses but a costly drain on the U.S. Treasury .
This week , Sen. Carl Levin , D-Mich. , introduced the Stop Tax Haven Abuse Act which proposes that companies pay U.S. taxes if operations are managed domestically , regardless of whether they are incorporated in other countries .
`` Right now , wherever you are incorporated determines if you are a U.S. corporation , '' Levin said in a press conference . `` If you are incorporated in the Caymans you are treated like a Cayman corporation . That 's going to end . ''
The 61-page bill includes a number of measures to stem offshore and tax shelter abuse . One provision stops corporations whose management and control are located primarily in the U.S. from claiming status as foreign corporations for tax purposes . Another section authorizes the Treasury secretary to take special measures against foreign institutions and jurisdictions that impede U.S. tax enforcement .
`` If there is an offshore bank that does not cooperate with our tax people , at that point , our banks will be told they can not do business with that offshore bank , '' Levin said . `` That means for instance , an offshore bank will not have access to American credit cards through that bank . '' Levin said that he and the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , a subcommittee of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , have examined tax avoidance schemes for 10 years and found that offshore tax abuses have cost the U.S. Treasury $ 100 billion in lost revenue yearly .
`` There 's a lot of disagreement about how to reduce the deficit but I think most people agree that clamping down on offshore tax abusers is one way to surely reduce the deficit , '' Levin said .
Another bill tries to tackle tax havens , but using a carrot instead of a stick . The Freedom to Invest Act , calls for a repatriation tax holiday , in which companies would receive a temporary tax break for bringing overseas profits back to the U.S .
Rep. Kevin Brady , R-Texas , and Rep. Jim Matheson , D-Utah , were among a handful of bipartisan members of Congress who introduced the bill in May to temporarily lower tax rates for American companies so they can invest in job creation in the U.S .
Tax Holiday Idea Floated
A lobbying group supporting the legislation , the Win America Campaign , claims that under a one-year repatriation tax holiday $ 1 trillion in global earnings would return to the U.S . The group , which includes support from corporations such as Apple , Cisco , Google and Microsoft , advocates that global profits would be taxed at about 5 percent for one year , as opposed to the current top corporate rate of 35 percent .
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities published a report in June arguing that providing large corporations with a repatriation tax holiday is not likely to generate promised investments or jobs in the U.S . The report cited evidence that a similar tax holiday failed to do so in 2004 .
U.S. non-financial corporations currently have $ 1.9 trillion in cash and other liquid assets , the highest level as a share of total corporate assets since 1959 , according to the report .
`` The claim that a tax holiday would increase domestic investment by freeing multinationals from cash restraints is extremely dubious , '' the report states .
Also , the expectation for future tax holidays will make firms more inclined to shift income into tax havens and less likely to reinvest earnings in the U.S. , according to the report .
After Friday 's disappointing jobs report , a post on the Win America Campaign blog said `` with few options available that will immediately help the economy , elected officials should allow U.S. businesses the freedom to bring upwards of $ 1 trillion currently trapped overseas home to America to invest it here . ''
Data from the IRS shows that U.S. companies had $ 834 billion of income subject to U.S. taxes in 2007 , with a tax liability of $ 293 billion , according to Seeking Alpha . Those companies claimed $ 86.5 billion in foreign tax credits , leading to a net liability of actually $ 192.8 billion after additional business credits .
Rep. Brady said in a statement that Congress must continue `` to examine and pursue tax reform . ''
`` But as we are working toward that goal , we should also look at measures that can provide a down payment and help grow our economy in the short-term , '' Brady said .
Caterpillar Whistleblower Lawsuit
Last week , Bloomberg reported about a whistleblower who said his employer was improperly stating its profits in Switzerland is suing Caterpillar Inc. for an alleged retaliatory demotion .
Dan Schlicksup , former global tax strategy manager for Caterpillar from 2005 to 2008 , is an attorney and certified public accountant . But he said he was demoted to work in the IT Department of Caterpillar , the world 's largest construction equipment manufacturer , after he told higher-ups the company may break U.S. rules in stating profits from its operations abroad .
Schlicksup , who still works for Caterpillar in its headquarters in Peoria , Ill. , filed a civil suit against his employer in 2009 under a provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Illinois Whistleblower Act , which prohibit retaliation against corporate whistleblowers .
Catepillar filed a motion in November 2009 in response to the suit , saying the transfer was a lateral move and not a demotion . Caterpillar said that Schlicksup , 49 , has had various positions since joining the company in 1992 , including manager in the corporate human resources division and information services division . The company also wrote in the suit that Schlicksup had received a raise of $ 14,292 by October 2008 .
A judge in the U.S. district court of Illinois denied Caterpillar 's motion to dismiss the case in June 2010 . A trial date is set for Jan. 16 , 2012 .
From Tax Lawyer to IT Guy ?
Schlicksup was not available for comment . His attorney , Dan O'Day , said the move is a demotion because his client , who has a law degree as well as an advanced degree in taxation , is not trained in IT services and will not be able to advance in his career there .
`` The court ruled when you move a lawyer from tax department to computer department where he does n't know anything about corporate computers , that is an adverse action , '' O'Day told ABC News .
Schlicksup first brought the issue of the `` tax dodge '' to his employers in 1999 , saying that a so-called `` Swiss Structure '' was `` designed to shift at least $ 5.6 billion of profits to alleged offshore companies in order to claim avoidance of over [ $ 2 billion ] of U.S. federal income tax '' from about 2000 to 2009 , according to his suit .
In the suit , Schlicksup also disputed Caterpillar 's `` Bermuda Structure '' designed to return profits to the U.S. via `` alleged offshore companies without paying any U.S. tax on the funds . ''
Before filing a suit , Schlicksup filed a complaint with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) against Caterpillar in 2008 , detailing his communication with company executives over concerns about various business practices .
In the OSHA complaint , Schlicksup said that on August 26 , 2008 , a vice president asked him to attend a meeting about an `` opportunity . '' A human resources manager then told him that Caterpillar was terminating his current position in the finance division effective September 1 , 2008 and that his current job duties were being reassigned , according to the suit . Schlicksup said the company offered him a lateral move to the information technology division and that if he did not take the offer , Caterpillar had the right to terminate his employment .
Jim Dugan , spokesman for Caterpillar , said the company could not comment on pending litigation , but that `` Caterpillar complies with applicable tax laws and regulations in the countries where we have operations and conduct business . ''
`` The company has a robust and well-defined process for examining questions and concerns raised by employees , and that process has been followed as it relates to the allegations made in this case , '' Dugan said .
About
I want talk in my movie about racism ! What are itbeing exact manifestations ?
Racism has existed throughout human history . It may be defined as the hatred of one person by another -- or the belief that another person is less than human -- because of skin color , language , customs , place of birth or any factor that supposedly reveals the basic nature of that person . It has influenced wars , slavery , the formation of nations , and legal codes . During the past 500-1000 years , racism on the part of Western powers toward non-Westerners has had a far more significant impact on history than any other form of racism ( such as racism among Western groups or among Easterners , such as Asians , Africans , and others ) . The most notorious example of racism by the West has been slavery , particularly the enslavement of Africans in the New World ( slavery itself dates back thousands of years ) . This enslavement was accomplished because of the racist belief that Black Africans were less fully human than white Europeans and their descendants . This belief was not `` automatic '' : that is , Africans were not originally considered inferior . When Portuguese sailors first explored Africa in the 15th and 16th centuries , they came upon empires and cities as advanced as their own , and they considered Africans to be serious rivals . Over time , though , as African civilizations failed to match the technological advances of Europe , and the major European powers began to plunder the continent and forcibly remove its inhabitants to work as slave laborers in new colonies across the Atlantic , Africans came to be seen as a deficient `` species , '' as `` savages . '' To an important extent , this view was necessary to justify the slave trade at a time when Western culture had begun to promote individual rights and human equality . The willingness of some Africans to sell other Africans to European slave traders also led to claims of savagery , based on the false belief that the `` dark people '' were all kinsmen , all part of one society - as opposed to many different , sometimes warring nations . One important feature of racism , especially toward Blacks and immigrant groups , is clear in attitudes regarding slaves and slavery . Jews are usually seen by anti-Semites as subhuman but also superhuman : devilishly cunning , skilled , and powerful . Blacks and others are seen by racists as merely subhuman , more like beasts than men . If the focus of anti-Semitism is evil , the focus of racism is inferiority -- directed toward those who have sometimes been considered to lack even the ability to be evil ( though in the 20th century , especially , victims of racism are often considered morally degraded ) . In the second half of the 19th century , Darwinism , the decline of Christian belief , and growing immigration were all perceived by many white Westerners as a threat to their cultural control . European and , to a lesser degree , American scientists and philosophers devised a false racial `` science '' to `` prove '' the supremacy of non-Jewish whites . While the Nazi annihilation of Jews discredited most of these supposedly scientific efforts to elevate one race over another , small numbers of scientists and social scientists have continued throughout the 20th century to argue the inborn shortcomings of certain races , especially Blacks . At the same time , some public figures in the American Black community have championed the supremacy of their own race and the inferiority of whites - using nearly the identical language of white racists .
Alex Allmont is a full-time coder , a part-time Ph.D. in polyrhythmic music , and a long-time Lego fan . All those things come together in his latest creation , a fantastically complex Lego machine that churns out mesmerizing electronic music .
Play House , as he calls it , was built for AudioGraft , an experimental music festival in Oxford , England . Spread out across a small tabletop , the assembly triggers sampled drums and digital notes based on those of the Roland TB303 , the synthesizer whose belching bass gave rise to acid house in the '80s . ( The machine , Allmont tells us , is not concerned with `` the white-gloves-and-whistles sort of acid house , but the more spatial stuff , inspired by artists like Plastikman and Basic Channel . '' Glad we cleared that up ! )
But as Allmont explains in a lengthy post on Make , the original proposal for the machine was even more complicated , involving ambitious random number generators and percussive elements supplied by Lego mechanisms playing real-life drums . Even for those who are n't Lego Technic devotees , this 10-minute clip of Allmont walking through iterations of a particular mechanism is strangely captivating .
On Monday night , Dallas 's WFAA sportscaster Dale Hansen delivered a prolific , pointed defense of the NFL players taking a knee , aimed directly at President Donald Trump and his supporters .
Hansen began his remarks by noting that when former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick first kneeled last year , not many cared until Trump got involved , calling “ those players names I never thought I 'd live long enough to hear a president say—and now everybody cares . ”
Hansen criticized the president for calling “ peaceful protest ” an “ American right , ” just not counting this one .
“ There 's the problem , ” Hansen said . “ Any protest that you do n't agree with is a protest that should be stopped . ”
“ Martin Luther King should have marched across a different bridge . Young black Americans should 've gone to a different college and found a different lunch counter , and college kids in the '60s had no right to protest an immoral war . ”
Hansen remembered his own military service during the Vietnam War and the pain he suffered .
“ But I served anyway , ” he said . “ My best friend was killed in Vietnam . Carroll Meyer will be 18 years old forever , and he did not die so that you could decide who is a patriot and who loves America more . ”
Hansen honed in on his central argument about why athletes have every right to kneel .
“ The young black athletes are not disrespecting America or the military by taking a knee during the anthem , ” he said . “ They are respecting the best thing about America . It 's a dog whistle to the racist among us to say otherwise .
“ They—and all of us–should protest how black Americans are treated in this country , and if you do n't think white privilege is a fact , you do n't understand America . ”
He said it has not gone unnoticed that Trump speaks out against marginalized peoples , yet remains silent for days about the “ white men who marched under a Nazi flag in Charlottesville . ”
“ Maybe we all need to read the Constitution again , ” Hansen said . “ Our forefathers… respected the country they fought for and founded a great deal more than the self-proclaimed patriots who are simply hypocrites . ”
Watch Hansen 's entire emotional speech below .
Older Posts 27 May ( 1 ) 4 February ( 1 ) 28 May ( 1 ) 8 January ( 1 ) 1 January ( 1 ) 10 July ( 1 ) 17 May ( 1 ) 10 May ( 3 ) 29 March ( 1 ) 8 March ( 1 ) 22 February ( 1 ) 8 February ( 1 ) 12 October ( 1 ) 14 September ( 1 ) 1 June ( 1 ) 25 May ( 1 ) 4 May ( 1 ) 27 April ( 1 ) 2 March ( 2 ) 16 February ( 1 ) 9 February ( 1 ) 24 November ( 1 ) 4 August ( 1 ) 5 May ( 1 ) 28 April ( 1 ) 24 February ( 1 ) 17 February ( 1 ) 3 February ( 1 ) 25 November ( 1 ) 15 April ( 1 ) 12 February ( 1 ) 5 February ( 1 ) 8 January ( 3 ) 9 October ( 3 ) 24 July ( 1 ) 22 May ( 2 ) 15 May ( 2 ) 1 May ( 2 ) 24 April ( 2 ) 17 April ( 1 ) 10 April ( 1 ) 3 April ( 1 ) 20 March ( 5 ) 13 March ( 1 ) 27 February ( 4 ) 20 February ( 1 ) 13 February ( 1 ) 6 February ( 1 ) 30 January ( 5 ) 23 January ( 1 )
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH : Takeaway app tests delivery robots
Takeaway food ordering service Just Eat has announced it will trial delivery robots in London this year .
Currently , food ordered via the service is delivered by restaurant staff .
Just Eat will deploy autonomous robots developed by Starship Technologies to deliver orders from a limited selection of restaurants .
The company said the robots had already been introduced in cities overseas and had driven 5,000 miles without any accidents .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH : Will delivery bots soon take to the streets ?
Starship Technologies ' delivery robots are small , autonomously driven vehicles that can carry packages over short distances .
Each robot has onboard cameras to monitor its surroundings , and human operators in a command centre can take over control of the device if necessary .
The compartment containing the food will be secured by an access code .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The company says the public have not `` interfered '' with its robots
`` There is a lot of talk in the industry of this sort of automation , and the use of drones as well , but there are much health and safety and compliance issues to overcome , '' said Bryan Roberts , analyst at TCC Global .
`` Unleashing these robots on the street carries an inherent risk , and may even show a naive view of human nature and people 's desire to interfere with this type of technology . ''
In May , Starship Technologies ' chief executive Ahti Heinla told the BBC that there had been no examples of the general public hijacking his robots .
`` People do not actually interfere with it on the pavement , '' he said .
`` We have driven thousands of miles with robots like this ... and the vast majority of people just ignore it . ''
German retailer Metro Group , parcel delivery company Hermes and London-based food delivery service Pronto are also trialling the robots .
The robots face competition from start-ups such as Deliveroo , which pays people a small fee for each meal they deliver .
`` It 's a laudable and adventurous idea , but I also wonder how this could be rolled out at scale when there is already a very low-cost human alternative , '' said Mr Roberts .
Bauer Media 's now defunct lads mag Zoo Weekly has gone out with a bang , a fortnight after the publisher announced the closure of the struggling title .
The cover features a raised middle finger . Inside , editor Shayne Bugden tells readers : “ It 's for all the shouty killjoys who 've spent years telling us – and you – that we 're horrible people because we like beautiful women and taking the piss out of just about anything . ”
In the note , headlined “ From the bloke who ruined Zoo ” , he added : “ I feel like the Tony Abbott of magazine publishing : a bloke who got a top job and f * * ked it up before so much as three years had gone by . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Indeed , taking the piss out of everything , even their own unemployment is what the Zoo Weekly team proceeded to do in the final edition .
The mag had a quick look back at its favourite photo shoots… .
And continued to offend people with its joke section…
Sample : “ Q : How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb ? A : That 's not funny ! ”
It offered advice on how to become unemployed the right way…
And celebrated the people glad the magazine has been closed , including the likes of Shane Warne and Paul Rudd .
For those missing the Zoo magazine it 's time to head to the pub .
True to its mission to offend , the title kept it up in the final issue , referring to a male model it had mistaken for a woman as “ shim ” .
And it concludes with a made up philosophy quote . Of course .
Highly regarded investors and financial analysts including billionaire investor Mike Novogratz and RT 's Max Keiser firmly believe that the bitcoin price could achieve the $ 10,000 mark in the short-term .
As Novogratz told CNBC :
“ I 'm pretty confident to say it 's going higher…It would not surprise me if in the next 6-10 months we are over $ 10,000 . ”
SegWit2x Out of Sight , Institutional Investors Rushing In
The basis of the $ 10,000 interim price target of leading analysts and investors like Keiser and Novogratz are based on the entrance of large-scale institutional and retail traders into the bitcoin market .
Analysts predict that the launch of bitcoin futures exchanges by CME Group and CBOE , two of the largest options exchange in the world by trading volume , would drastically increase liquidity for institutional and retail traders , potentially leading to tens of billions of dollars being invested in bitcoin in the short to mid-term .
It is important to acknowledge that the liquidity of bitcoin has increased significantly over the past few months , with only a handful of multi-billion dollar institutional investors and hedge funds in the bitcoin market . The daily trading volume of bitcoin is on par with Apple ( NASDAQ : AAPL ) , the most liquid stock on earth , at around $ 3.4 billion .
The SegWit2x hard fork , which was supposed to occur on November 16 , was canceled by its supporters and leading businesses including Blockchain , Xapo , ShapeShift , and BitGo . SegWit2x presented uncertainty to investors and traders within the bitcoin market , given that a sell-off from B2X dividend-expecting investors was a certainty . Several analysts expected a drop of around 10 percent .
Upon the cancellation of SegWit2x , the price of bitcoin surged to a new all-time high at $ 7,900 , prior to plunging to $ 7,200 . But , the major correction that occurred on November 9 should be seen as a positive indicator for the short-term growth of bitcoin , given that the major correction or sell-off from B2X-expecting investors had already occurred and it barely impacts the price trend of bitcoin .
Bitcoin Futures and Mainstream Adoption of Bitcoin in Japan Will Push Price to $ 10,000
A price target of $ 10,000 by the end of 2017 is a possibility that can not be ruled out , considering that the US market , the second largest bitcoin market with over 25 percent market share , is extremely optimistic in regards to the futures exchange launch of CME and the impact it will have on the bitcoin market in the long run .
Additionally , as NewsBTC reported earlier today , Japan has been experiencing a rapid mainstream adoption of bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market , triggered by the Japanese government 's practical regulatory frameworks and the implementation of bitcoin as a payment method by leading conglomerates .
If the Japanese and US markets continue to perform at the current pace in the upcoming months , $ 10,000 is a likely short-term target . The adoption of SegWit by major bitcoin businesses like BitGo could also act as a minor factor in shaping the upward momentum of bitcoin price in the upcoming weeks .
( CNN Philippines ) — As of Tuesday ( August 25 ) , a red tide advsiory was still up in Dauis , Bohol .
The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources ( BFAR ) -Bohol Provincial Fishery Officer Leo Bongalos asked residents for patience as latest laboratory results showed the presence of red tide organisms from samples collected from Dauis and Tagbilaran .
Laboratory results from the University of the Philippines-Marine Science Institute showed a large concentration of red tide organisms in samples of shellfish or “ kuja ” collected from the two areas in Bohol .
During the collection of samples , BFAR-Bohol monitored several residents who still gathered shellfish from Catarman , Dauis , defying the advisory , but Bongalos said they could not stop these individuals from doing so .
Bongalos reiterated that it was still safe to eat fish from the area as long as it is cleaned thoroughly in running water .
Tagbilaran City Market administrator Jun Besa assured the public that authorities were closely monitoring the supply of marine products to the markets to prevent entry of shellfish from Dauis and Tagbilaran .
Despite mass protests , a key panel of Japan 's parliament has approved legislation concerning the deployment of the country 's troops abroad . If the bill gets the MP 's nod on Thursday , this may leave the country 's pacifist post-WWII policies in the past .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his party are set to gain a victory over the pacifists in parliament , as the bill on the country 's Self Defense Forces ' ( SDF ) deployment abroad , has passed the special committee - notwithstanding a fierce protest from opposition parties .
“ Unfortunately , the Japanese people still do n't have a substantial understanding ” of the bills , AFP cited Japanese prime minister as saying on Wednesday . “ I will work harder so public understanding would deepen further . ”
READ MORE : Japan military may support foreign forces abroad for first time in 70 years
If the parliament backs the bill , Japan 's Self Defense troops will be allowed to engage overseas for the first time since World War II . The SDF will be allowed to take part in military action abroad on the side of country 's allies even if there is no direct threat to Japan or its citizens , an act , which is known as the so-called “ collective defense . ”
The new legislation was approved for voting while thousands of protesters were rallying against the militaristic trends outside of the parliament .
They believe that the new legislation promoted by Abe 's government intends not to just ease the limits of the use of military abroad , but in a broader term , bring down the pacifist Article 9 of the charter along with basic human rights principles .
“ Because they [ SDF ] ca n't revise the constitution , they are trying to ignore it , ” Keio University professor Setsu Kobayashi told Reuters .
“ I think he [ Abe ] hates the concept of modern constitutionalism , the concept that the powers of the government should be restricted by the constitution , ” Yasuo Hasebe , a constitutional scholar at Waseda University , also said .
Shinzo Abe 's government can not change the constitution drafted by US occupation forces in February 1946 because such revision would require approval by two-thirds of both houses of parliament and a majority in a national referendum . These conditions are unlikely to ever be met . Therefore the cabinet has adopted a resolution re-interpreting the constitution to allow the following “ collective self-defense ” principle .
The Prime Minister and his party have pushed through a number of military-oriented bills over the last year , aimed at the “ normalization ” of Japan 's military posture . The country 's neighbors are worried about Tokyo 's revision of the national 70-year-long pacifist policy .
READ MORE : ‘ Stick to peace ' : China warns Japan to remain pacifist as Tokyo eyes military return
According to a poll by Asahi Shimbun daily , the military policy has gained the support of 26 percent of respondents , while more than twice as many respondents – 56 percent – oppose it .
( File photo ) People queue outside the Social welfare offices in Thomas Street Dublin in 2009
( File photo ) People queue outside the Social welfare offices in Thomas Street Dublin in 2009
IRELAND HAS THE highest rate of young people receiving unemployment and disability benefits across the 35 countries of the OECD .
The OECD ( Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ) is an intergovernmental organisation set up to stimulate world trade and economic growth across its members states .
A recent report compared and measured the experience of youth across OECD member states .
The report , entitled Society at a Glance 2016 and published today , found that over a quarter of people in Ireland aged between 16 and 29 years old were in receipt of either disability or unemployment benefit in 2014 .
Next to Ireland were Finland and Austria ( both close to 20 % ) . This is compared to an average of 10 % across the OECD .
The report found that the figure was driven by high youth unemployment , but also a “ particularly high rate of disability benefit receipt ” with 5 % of youth receiving this payment .
The report said this was “ a particular worry ” as receipt of disability benefit tends to be long term .
The report found , however , that the benefit system did “ an excellent job of lifting youth out of poverty ” .
“ Close to 70 % of youth who would be below the poverty line before receiving benefits are lifted out of poverty by these benefits , ” the report found .
This is the best performance in this regard in the OECD .
Percentages of young people ( 16-29 ) in receipt of unemployment ( grey ) and disability ( blue ) benefits across the OECD . Source : OECD
NEET
The report points to the strong impact the recent economic crisis and recession had on increasing levels of youth unemployment .
The proportion of young people not in employment , education or training ( known the NEET ) rose hugely during the recession .
The NEET doubled from 11 % in 2007 to 22 % in 2010 . It currently remains double that of over 25 year olds .
The report found that people with low education levels “ fare particularly bad in Ireland ” .
65 % of youth who dropped out of secondary school are not in employment , education or training , compared to just 13 % of those with a third level degree – this is one of the largest gaps in the OECD .
Other notable stats from the report :
Disinterest in politics in Ireland is high , with around one quarter of the total population , and over one third of 15-29 year olds , expressing no interest at all in politics , around 40 % higher than the OECD average .
Poverty rates are highest among youths ( at 16 % ) and lowest among the elderly ( at 7 % ) .
83 % of adults report good health ( compared to a 69 % OECD average ) .
Ireland is one of the few countries in which youth born outside the country do not have higher NEET rates than Irish born youth .
Ireland has one of the most comparable NEET rates between women and men . Across the OECD NEET rates for women are 38 % higher than for men – in Ireland this gap was only 12 % in 2015 .
You can view the report here .
City home prices slide for third month
Updated
Australian capital city home values have fallen for a third straight month .
Figures from property research firms RP Data and Rismark show a 0.2 per cent decline in capital city home values last month .
Prices in the nation 's major cities are now down 1.2 per cent over the past three months , after a revised 0.2 per cent decline in July and a 0.8 per cent fall in June .
Perth experienced the biggest falls , with home prices sliding 4.8 per cent during the three months to August , while Brisbane values were also down 2.3 per cent and Melbourne property values dropped 1.5 per cent .
The best results over winter were in Canberra ( up 1.2 per cent ) and Sydney ( up 0.2 per cent ) .
House prices outside the capitals were steady last month , and down a more modest 0.2 per cent over the three months to August .
However , non-city house prices only rose 3.7 per cent over the past year compared to an 8 per cent gain for urban dwellings .
RP Data 's research director Tim Lawless says the upswing in house prices over the past few years has well and truly ended .
`` We have moved out of a very strong growth cycle and are now seeing ongoing consolidation in Australian house prices , '' he told ABC News Online .
He says the rise in interest rates and end to increased government first home buyer stimulus are contributing to the declines .
`` We will see further interest rate rises coming through the Australian economy - for the Australian property market it 's not a great thing , '' he said .
`` Further rate rises will dampen the market further , but we do have a counter-balance in the sense that we do have unemployment at 5.1 per cent and trending downwards and very strong levels of consumer confidence and they 're likely to play at odds with each other , which certainly suggests that we will see ongoing demand for Australian property , but certainly not at the same levels we have seen during 2009 . ''
He says the property market is likely to be subdued overall for at least the next year .
`` I would be very surprised if we saw any growth in Australian property markets for the remainder of the year , '' he said .
`` We have seen a very strong marketplace that has outperformed incomes quite considerably , so we probably are in for a period now where incomes will catch up to property values , and hopefully address some of those affordability issues . ''
However , the news is better for landlords and worse for tenants as vacancy rates have continued to remain low .
`` I would n't be surprised if by this time next year we 've seen rents up by between eight and 10 per cent , '' Mr Lawless added .
`` That 's on the back of a very soft rental market in 2009 , when rents actually fell by about 4 per cent . ''
Topics : housing-industry , australia
First posted
A northwest suburban woman was murdered in Wisconsin as she tried to hide from her estranged husband , police said . Rob Elgas reports . ( Published Thursday , Nov. 20 , 2014 )
A northwest suburban woman who was staying with a friend in Wisconsin to hide from her abusive estranged husband was murdered Wednesday night , and police have her spouse in custody .
Mount Pleasant , Wis. , police responded just before 8:30 p.m. Wednesday to a 911 call about a domestic violence incident in the 600 block of Calvin Lane , a statement from police aid .
The caller told police they “ heard someone screaming and a body was observed being dragged across the front lawn to a vehicle , ” police said . The man then drove off with the woman about two minutes before police arrived .
Police said the people involved in this assault were a 38-year-old man and his 36-year-old wife , both from Arlington Heights .
“ They had been separated and the wife was trying to hide from her husband in Mount Pleasant at a friend 's residence . Prior to this assault the victim had filed a restraining order against the suspect in Arlington Heights , ” police said .
The woman had been returning to her friend 's home when she was attacked with a “ hatchet-type weapon , ” police said .
About 10 minutes later , a second 911 caller reported a woman bleeding at the Super 8 Motel at 1150 Oakes Rd. , police said .
The woman suffered “ life-threatening ” injuries and was taken by Flight for Life Helicopter to Froedtert Hospital in Milwaukee , where she was pronounced dead about 10 p.m. , police said .
The husband was arrested without incident moments after police arrived in the motel parking lot , the statement said .
According to the Racine County Sheriff 's office , Cristian Loga-Negru faces charges of first-degree intentional homicide , mayhem and kidnapping and was ordered held on a $ 1 million bail .
Neighbors near Loga-Negrus ' Arlington Heights apartment say they knew the couple had a rocky relationship , but never expected something so gruesome to happen .
`` Everyone in the building , they say hi to each other and stuff , '' said neighbor Stephanie Gomez . `` We are all civil , and this guy was just there . He was just rude . ''
Residents said police were called the home before .
`` There were a couple of times where there was some argument and the cops show up , '' said neighbor Miguel Gomez .
Police are not releasing the name of the victim until family can be notified , police said .
Copyright SunTimes / NBC Chicago
If you would like to ask about or request ratings for a program or event on these networks , please reach Douglas on Twitter @ SonOfTheBronx .
NBCSN Top 10 ( and Select ) Programs
VIEWER
RANK PROGRAM DAY DATE START
TIME END
TIME VIEWERS
( 000 ) A18-49
( 000 ) 1 NASCAR SPRINT CUP COUNTDOWN GREEN Sun 09/06/15 6:02 PM 7:00 PM 792 153 DARLINGTON 2 NASCAR SPRINT CUP QUALIFYING ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 1:30 PM 3:00 PM 697 128 DARLINGTON 3 F1 RACING ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 7:30 AM 9:43 AM 461 166 ITALY 4 NASCAR SPRINT CUP PRE Sun 09/06/15 5:00 PM 6:02 PM 439 90 DARLINGTON 5 NASCAR AMERICA PRACTICE/QUALIFYING Sat 09/05/15 1:00 PM 1:30 PM 400 57 DARLINGTON 6 F1 EXTRA Sun 09/06/15 9:43 AM 10:30 AM 390 118 ITALY 7 NASCAR XFINITY QUALIFYING ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 11:30 AM 1:00 PM 381 87 DARLINGTON 8 F1 QUALIFYING Sat 09/05/15 8:00 AM 9:30 AM 337 126 ITALY 9 NASCAR SPRINT CUP PRACTICE ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 4:30 PM 6:30 PM 289 71 DARLINGTON 10 NASCAR AMERICA Fri 09/04/15 6:30 PM 7:30 PM 226 48 11 F1 RACING Sun 09/06/15 2:00 PM 4:18 PM 223 42 ITALY 12 NASCAR XFINITY PRACTICE ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 3:00 PM 4:30 PM 218 43 DARLINGTON 14 NASCAR SPRINT CUP PRACTICE ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 11:00 AM 1:00 PM 198 25 DARLINGTON 15 PBC BOXING Sat 09/05/15 3:00 PM 5:00 PM 185 26 SPENCE/LO GRECO & BRONER/PORTER 17 NASCAR XFINITY PRACTICE ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 1:00 PM 2:00 PM 172 20 DARLINGTON 18 MOBSTEEL Wed 09/02/15 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 168 64 104 20 BREEDERS CUP CHALLENGE Sat 09/05/15 5:00 PM 6:00 PM 163 18 WOODWARD/FOREGO 21 F1 EXTRA Sun 09/06/15 4:18 PM 5:00 PM 159 30 ITALY 27 F1 PRACTICE Fri 09/04/15 8:00 AM 9:36 AM 129 34 ITALY 27 PRO BEACH VOLLEYBALL Sun 09/06/15 7:00 PM 9:00 PM 129 39 34 SPARTAN RACE Sun 09/06/15 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 109 37 38 NOTRE DAME POST Sat 09/05/15 10:57 PM 11:30 PM 96 20 TEXAS/NOTRE DAME 42 F1 PRACTICE Sat 09/05/15 6:30 AM 8:00 AM 85 21 ITALY 43 F1 QUALIFYING Sat 09/05/15 1:00 AM 2:30 AM 82 13 ITALY 44 RUGBY Sat 09/05/15 7:30 PM 9:43 PM 81 33 USA/AUSTRALIA 45 SPARTAN RACE Sun 09/06/15 10:00 PM 10:58 PM 79 28 48 NOTRE DAME PRE Sat 09/05/15 7:00 PM 7:30 PM 75 38 TEXAS/NOTRE DAME 60 MEN IN BLAZERS Mon 08/31/15 9:00 PM 9:30 PM 61 64 ONWARD NOTRE DAME Sat 09/05/15 6:30 PM 7:00 PM 59 29 A SEASON BEGINS 74 GLOBAL RALLYCROSS Thu 09/03/15 11:30 PM 12:30 AM 49 21 HIGHLIGHT SHOW 83 F1 QUALIFYING Sun 09/06/15 6:00 AM 7:30 AM 43 19 ITALY 96 NATIONAL PRO GRID LEAGUE Mon 08/31/15 7:00 PM 8:30 PM 37 SAN FRANCISCO/PHOENIX 115 COLLEGIATE BASS CHAMPIONSHIP Tue 09/01/15 12:00 PM 12:30 PM 27 11 126 AMERICAS CUP Fri 09/04/15 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 24 3 WORLD SERIES
In total viewership for its entire week in Prime Time ( 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. ) , NBCSN is up 8 percent ( 112,000 vs. 104,000 ) from one week earlier and up 11 percent ( 112,000 vs. 101,000 ) from the same week one year ago ( September 1-7 , 2014 ) .
In total viewership for its entire week in Total Day ( 6 a.m. to 5:59 a.m. ) , NBCSN is down 22 percent ( 95,000 vs. 122,000 ) from one week earlier and up 40 percent ( 95,000 vs. 68,000 ) from the same week one year ago ( September 1-7 , 2014 ) .
Viewership for the week 's sports telecasts on the NBC broadcast network :
College Football Texas at Notre Dame ( Sep. 5 7:30-11:01 p.m. ) 4.060 million total viewers ; 1.482 million adults 18-49
( Sep. 5 7:30-11:01 p.m. ) 4.060 million total viewers ; 1.482 million adults 18-49 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Countdown to Green ( Sep. 6 7:00-7:14 p.m. ) 3.859 million total viewers ; 647,000 adults 18-49
( Sep. 6 7:00-7:14 p.m. ) 3.859 million total viewers ; 647,000 adults 18-49 NASCAR Sprint Cup Start ( Sep. 6 7:14-7:30 p.m. ) 4.641 million total viewers ; 897,000 adults 18-49
( Sep. 6 7:14-7:30 p.m. ) 4.641 million total viewers ; 897,000 adults 18-49 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series : Darlington , SC Bojangles Southern 500 ( Sep. 6 7:30-11:58 p.m. ) 5.918 million total viewers ; 1.496 million adults 18-49
Viewership averages for the following NBCSN programs of the week :
“ Dan Patrick Show ” ( Sep. 1-4 ) : 52,000 ( 21,000 adults 18-49 )
“ NASCAR America ” ( Sep. 1-4 early evening ) : 111,000 ( 20,000 adults 18-49 )
“ Fantasy Football Live ” ( Sep. 1-3 early evening ) : 49,000 ( 26,000 adults 18-49 )
“ Pro Football Talk ” ( Aug. 31-Sep. 3 early evening ) : 47,000
“ Men in Blazers ” ( Aug. 31 9 p.m. ) : 61,000
Fox Sports 1 Top 10 ( and Select ) Programs
VIEWER
RANK PROGRAM DAY DATE START
TIME END
TIME VIEWERS
( 000 ) A18-49
( 000 ) 1 COLLEGE FOOTBALL : PAC 12 ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 8:29 PM 11:50 PM 2868 1483 MICHIGAN/UTAH 2 COLLEGE FOOTBALL ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 3:00 PM 6:48 PM 688 207 PURDUE/MARSHALL 3 UFC PPV PRELIMS ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 8:00 PM 10:00 PM 663 334 191 : JOHNSON/DODSON 2 4 MLB REGULAR SEASON ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 1:00 PM 4:45 PM 631 142 TAMPA BAY RAYS/NEW YORK YANKEES 5 COLLEGE FOOTBALL ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 10:00 PM 1:30 AM 511 249 MISSISSIPPI ST/SOUTHERN MISS 6 FOX SPORTS LIVE ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 11:50 PM 1:00 AM 507 281 1763 7 FOX SPORTS LIVE ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 6:48 PM 7:00 PM 471 191 1770 8 INTERNATIONAL FRIENDLY ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 7:25 PM 9:39 PM 445 278 USA/PERU 9 CFB PREGAME ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 7:00 PM 8:29 PM 360 132 12 10 UFC PPV PREFIGHT ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 7:16 PM 8:00 PM 291 162 191 : JOHNSON/DODSON 2 11 MLB REGULAR SEASON ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 4:45 PM 7:16 PM 290 73 PITTSBURGH PIRATES/ST . LOUIS CARDINALS 16 US NATIONAL TEAM PREGAME ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 7:00 PM 7:25 PM 210 147 14 17 CFB PREGAME ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 2:30 PM 3:00 PM 193 30 13 18 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 2:29 PM 5:00 PM 189 94 GERMANY/POLAND 21 MAJOR LEAGUE SOCCER ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 7:00 PM 9:30 PM 166 87 COLUMBUS CREW/DALLAS 31 NASCAR VICTORY LANE Sun 09/06/15 1:00 AM 1:30 AM 105 65 DARLINGTON 41 FOX CFB KICKOFF ( live ) Wed 09/02/15 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 78 23 4 43 MLB REGULAR SEASON PRE ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 12:30 PM 1:00 PM 75 22 47 48 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING PREGAME ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 2:00 PM 2:29 PM 68 34 12 51 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 2:29 PM 5:00 PM 65 23 ITALY/MALTA 54 FIA WORLD ENDURANCE CHAMPIONSHIP HIGHLIGHTS Sun 09/06/15 10:00 AM 11:00 AM 56 7 GERMANY 54 IRON : LEGACY CAL RIPKEN JR Sat 09/05/15 11:30 AM 12:30 PM 56 15 59 JAY GLAZERS BUS TOUR Tue 09/01/15 9:30 PM 10:00 PM 50 14 1 59 WORLD POKER TOUR Mon 08/31/15 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 50 ALPHA8 LAS VEGAS PT2 75 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING PREGAME ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 2:00 PM 2:29 PM 37 14 11 81 FOX SPORTS LIVE KICKOFF ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 12:30 AM 1:30 AM 34 22 16 88 MOTOGP WORLD CHAMP Tue 09/01/15 1:30 PM 2:30 PM 29 3 GRAND PRIX OF GREAT BRITAIN 113 MOTOGP MOTO3 Tue 09/01/15 11:30 AM 12:30 PM 21 16 GRAND PRIX OF GREAT BRITAIN 139 MOTOGP MOTO2 Tue 09/01/15 12:30 PM 1:30 PM 10 GRAND PRIX OF GREAT BRITAIN
In total viewership for its entire week in Prime Time ( 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. ) , FS1 is up 155 percent ( 546,000 vs. 214,000 ) from one week earlier and up 63 percent ( 546,000 vs. 336,000 ) from the same week one year ago ( September 1-7 , 2014 ) .
In total viewership for its entire week in Total Day ( 6 a.m. to 5:59 a.m. ) , FS1 is up 94 percent ( 175,000 vs. 90,000 ) from one week earlier and up 37 percent ( 175,000 vs. 128,000 ) from the same week one year ago ( September 1-7 , 2014 ) .
Spanish-language telecast versions of live Fox Sports events on Fox Deportes , in total viewers ( adults 18-49 ) :
College Football : Michigan at Utah ( Sep. 3 8:30 p.m.-midnight ) : 7,000 ( 2,000 )
International Soccer Friendly ( Futbol Amistoso ) : Portugal vs. France ( Sep. 4 2:30-4:42 p.m. ) : 117,000 ( 96,000 )
UFC Euro Eliminatorias : San Marino vs. Inglaterra ( Sep. 5 12:00-2:00 p.m. ) : 48,000 ( 29,000 )
UFC Euro Eliminatorias : Suiza vs. Eslovenia ( Sep. 5 2:30-5:00 p.m. ) : 28,000 ( 8,000 )
UFC 191 Prelim : D. Johnson vs. J. Dodson ( Sep. 5 8:00-10:00 p.m. ) : 68,000 ( 37,000 )
Major League Soccer : Columbus Crew vs. FC Dallas ( Sep. 6 7:00-9:12 p.m. ) : 60,000 ( 38,000 )
Viewership averages for the following FS1 programs of the week :
“ Fox Sports Live ” ( average of each night 's most-watched live telecast Aug. 31-Sep. 6 ) : 202,000
“ Fox Sports Live : Countdown ” ( Sep. 1-2 ) : 24,000
“ America 's Pregame ” ( Aug. 31-Sep. 4 ) : 50,000
“ NASCAR Race Hub ” ( Aug. 31-Sep. 3 ) : 100,000
“ MLB Whiparound ” ( Aug. 31-Sep. 4 ) : 67,000
Fox Sports 2 Top 10 ( and Select ) Programs
VIEWER
RANK PROGRAM DAY DATE START
TIME END
TIME VIEWERS
( 000 ) A18-49
( 000 ) 1 UFC FIGHTERS CUT Mon 08/31/15 8:30 PM 9:00 PM 194 124 DEMETRIOUS JOHNSON 2 WORLD POKER TOUR Mon 08/31/15 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 167 BAY 101 SHOOTING STAR-PT 3 3 UFC COUNTDOWN Tue 09/01/15 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 150 96 191 : JOHNSON/DODSON 2 4 UFC FOX Mon 08/31/15 6:30 PM 8:30 PM 143 13 : LAWLER/BROWN 5 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 2:30 PM 5:00 PM 85 51 BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA/ANDORRA 6 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Sun 09/06/15 11:45 AM 2:01 PM 79 43 WALES/ISRAEL 7 UFC UNLEASHED Mon 08/31/15 4:00 PM 5:00 PM 76 TEAM AKA 8 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 11:45 AM 2:00 PM 72 31 SAN MARINO/ENGLAND 9 UFC RELOADED Wed 09/02/15 11:00 AM 2:00 PM 71 48 174 : JOHNSON/BAGAUTINOV 10 FOX CFB KICKOFF Tue 09/01/15 8:00 PM 9:00 PM 67 43 3 14 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 2:30 PM 5:02 PM 52 22 SWITZERLAND/SLOVENIA 21 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 2:29 PM 5:00 PM 45 20 BELGIUM/BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA 22 UFC PPV POST FIGHT ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 42 24 191 : JOHNSON/DODSON 2 32 UFC PPV PREFIGHT ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 7:00 PM 7:23 PM 30 15 191 : JOHNSON/DODSON 2 36 MAJOR LEAGUE FISHING Sun 09/06/15 9:00 AM 11:00 AM 25 SUMMIT CUP : ELIMINATION RND 3 48 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 2:29 PM 5:00 PM 19 5 HUNGARY/ROMANIA 74 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING PREGAME ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 2:00 PM 2:29 PM 8 0 12 94 UEFA INTERNATIONAL FRIENDLY ( delay ) Sat 09/05/15 10:00 PM 12:00 AM 5 PORTUGAL/FRANCE 101 NATIONAL RUGBY LEAGUE ( live ) Fri 09/04/15 3:30 AM 5:36 AM 4 4 DRAGON/TIGERS 113 NATIONAL RUGBY LEAGUE ( live ) Sat 09/05/15 2:00 AM 4:08 AM 2 SEA EAGLES/SHARKS 123 UEFA EURO 2016 QUALIFYING PREGAME ( live ) Thu 09/03/15 2:00 PM 2:29 PM 1 11
In total viewership for its entire week in Prime Time ( 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. ) , FS2 is down 24 percent ( 35,000 vs. 46,000 ) from one week earlier and up 338 percent ( 35,000 vs. 8,000 ) from the same week one year ago ( September 1-7 , 2014 ) .
In total viewership for its entire week in Total Day ( 6 a.m. to 5:59 a.m. ) , FS2 is up 41 percent ( 24,000 vs. 17,000 ) from one week earlier and up 140 percent ( 24,000 vs. 10,000 ) from the same week one year ago ( September 1-7 , 2014 ) .
Viewership for the week 's sports telecasts on the Fox broadcast network :
College Football Virginia at UCLA ( Sep. 5 3:36-6:53 p.m. ) 1.350 million total viewers ; 587,000 adults 18-49
( Sep. 5 3:36-6:53 p.m. ) 1.350 million total viewers ; 587,000 adults 18-49 Fox College Football Post Gun ( Sep. 5 6:49-6:53 p.m. ) 844,000 total viewers ; 385,000 adults 18-49
( Sep. 5 6:49-6:53 p.m. ) 844,000 total viewers ; 385,000 adults 18-49 Fox College Football Post Game ( Sep. 5 6:53-7:00 p.m. ) 777,000 total viewers ; 335,000 adults 18-49
Source : Live+Same Day data , Nielsen Media Research
Thousands of Metro Vancouver soccer players have been sidelined by snow , as fields across the region are closed due to weather .
Games and practices are cancelled for thousands of players in the 4-District and 5-District Youth Soccer Leagues across Metro Vancouver and the Fraser Valley .
`` Everything 's outside . So , because the fields are covered in snow , they 're unsafe to play on , '' said 4-District League secretary Christine Pietrzyk .
The grass at UBC 's Warren Field is barely visible on January 3 , 2017 . ( Tristan Le Rudulier/CBC News )
`` The fields are n't opened until they 're thawed and safe to play on and if we 're going down to –10 tonight and still in freezing weather until the weekend ... I personally ca n't see that changing . ''
Pietrzyk said her two sons , who play in the league , are eager to get back out on the pitch .
`` They 're bummed — we 've had a break already . We lost some games before Christmas due to weather [ so ] they want to get back to playing . ''
The Vancouver Park Board said it could be weeks before fields are reopened .
`` Not only do we have to wait til the snow leaves the surface , we also have to wait til the ground actually thaws out because it 'll just be a frozen slippery mess after that for a little while , '' said Howard Normann , Director of Park Operations .
`` Those leagues also sign an agreement for liability , so we can not allow them to go on the fields when they 're not safe . ''
There 's one for Star Wars , and one for Harry Potter .
But alas , no MBTI personality chart for Downton Abbey .
Not one to shy away from helping out in the need for Downton Abbey graphics , I felt it was my duty to step in and solve this problem . I pondered each character , researched the personality types , and sincerely hope that I correctly pegged the upstairs and the downtstairs .
And I 'm glad I did , because seeing the types in Downton Abbey terms helped me realize that my last personality test result was wrong – there 's no way I 'm a Carson – at least not anymore .
I 'm totally a Mrs. Hughes . I think .
( And yes , I am hacking season four and watching with the British . And no , there are no spoilers in this chart . )
Here 's an explanation of the letters in the terms of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator :
First Letter : E or I – Extroversion/Introversion – Are you stimulated and refreshed by being with other people , or by being alone ?
Second Letter : S or N – Sensing/Intuition – Do you use your five senses to interpret the world and prefer facts , or do you rely on your instincts and prefer hunches ?
Third Letter : T or F – Thinking/Feeling – Do you lean towards using logic and objective criteria , or values and subjective ideas ?
Fourth Letter : J or P – Judging/Perceiving – Are you purposeful , liking structure , plans , rules , and organization , or are you laid-back and flexible , open to change , and explorative ?
Everybody ready ? Here 's the chart :
So . Which character are you ? Please report in the comments .
Click on the following pictures to visit my other Downton Abbey Graphics :
Find my Big Bang Theory MBTI Chart Here :
A Justice Department official appeared in federal court on Tuesday to argue that being gay is a fireable offense .
Thirteen judges in the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals heard oral arguments in Zarda v. Altitude Express , in which skydiving instructor Donald Zarda claims Altitude Express fired him for his sexual orientation . The judges are to decide if the Civil Rights Acts ' Title VII protects employees from being discriminated against based on their sexuality .
In opposition , Justice Department lawyer Hashim Mooppan entered the case claiming that employers should be allowed to fire employees based on “ out-of-work sexual conduct , ” which essentially targets LGBTQ employees for having queer sex .
“ Employers under Title VII are permitted to consider employees ' out-of-work sexual conduct , ” he said . “ There is a common sense , intuitive difference between sex and sexual orientation . ”
The Justice Department previously filed an unsolicited brief in Zarda v. Altitude Express , which suggests the department is interested in turning the federal courts into battlegrounds for right-wing activism , something that Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch has previously criticized the left for doing . But , more interestingly , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) supported Zarda , meaning that the two federal agencies were fighting against one another in the courtroom .
The judges proceeded to criticize the Justice Department , wondering why the administration did not defer to the EEOC in this case as per usual .
“ We love to hear from the federal government , but it 's a bit awkward to hear from them on both sides , ” Judge Rosemary Pooler said , Slate reports . Mooppan proceeded to receive multiple questions from the court 's judges , most of which he avoided answering , leaving many to wonder why the Justice Department sent him to intervene in the first place .
“ Does the Justice Department sign off on a brief that EEOC intends to file ? ” Judge Pooler asked , to which Mooppan responded , “ That 's not appropriate for me to disclose . ”
Earlier this month , the Justice Department filed a brief in support of a Christian baker whose Supreme Court case may decide the future of LGBTQ discrimination laws .
H/T Vice News
Fire Lotto is an international lottery built on the Ethereum Blockchain . The pre-sale of the FLOT token sale is live
FireLotto is poised to revolutionize the lotto ecosystem with its innovative platform . Firelotto lottery game built on the Ethereum network will bring transparency since it is a decentralized system .
FireLotto creates lottery tickets that are impossible to forge by using ETH as its primary payment method . The code is available in the whitepaper . As excerpted on the whitepaper :
“ Worldwide demand for truly transparent , fair services has grown alongside the advance of technologies that enable the change . The distributed , decentralized nature of Blockchain technology offers tremendous opportunities for financial technology innovation , and similarly , for gaming industry modernization . ”
The FireLotto lottery works straightforwardly . The prize pool is created using the funds collected during ticket sales . Players can guess the correct sequence of numbers as it is obtainable on other lotteries .
FireLotto has three draw lotteries : 4/20 , 5/36/ and 6/45 . There is also the instant lottery known as Roger 's wheel , which has a fortune wheel containing 21 numbers . It offers bets from 0.007 ETH with coefficient from 2 to 20 . If you predict the right number , you will receive your stake multiplied by a chosen coefficient .
The minimum size of a guaranteed jackpot is fixed at 3000 ETH ( approximately $ 1,00,000 ) for the 6/45 lottery . If no one succeeds in winning the star prize in a draw , it will be rolled over to the next draw and increased . The jackpot keeps growing until somebody wins it . There will also be five prize categories , with different prizes depending on the accuracy of the player .
FireLotto lottery has been launched already on the Ethereum test net . You could try it out . It is quite simple and straightforward .
FireLotto Token Sale Information
The private token pre-sale runs until January 15 , 2018 . There are 77 million FLOT tokens up for grabs during the sale .
The pre-sale runs from January 15 , 2018 , until February 15 , 2018 .
The Crowdsale runs from March 15 , 2018 , until April 15 2018 .
There are a total of 11 million FLOT tokens to be released .
For more information , please visit www.firelotto.io
To view token sale terms : www.firelotto.io/agreement.pdf
Twitter : www.twitter.com/FireLottery
Facebook : www.facebook.com/firelotto
What 's Your Thought On This ? , Let Us Know In the Comment section Below . ♥Get Daily Crypto News On Facebook | Twitter | Telegram | Instagram Ads by Cointraffic
This article is over 2 years old
Young and single house hunters are least satisfied with personal relationships , community connectedness and life achievements , while those over 76 are happiest
Adults who live with their parents among the unhappiest Australians – survey
Australians are the happiest they have been this century , but young and single house hunters are finding it hard to crack a smile .
Average life satisfaction reached a score of 76.7 out of 100 on the Australian Unity Wellbeing Index this year – the highest level since records began in 2000 – with those aged over 76 reportedly the happiest in the country .
Nationwide happiness has been on the rise since 2006 .
The joint Australian Unity and Deakin University survey breaks personal wellbeing into seven areas and this year recorded peak satisfaction levels for safety , future security , community connection and standard of living .
Happiness depends on health and friends , not money , says new study Read more
Senior research fellow Delyse Hutchinson said older Australians consistently report the highest sense of overall wellbeing because they are often retired and “ have less stress on their plate ” .
The survey of 1,000 Australians aged 18 and over found record high wellbeing levels among those living alone , with their partner or with other adults , and consistently higher than normal levels for married people .
But the same could not be said for adults living at home with their parents . Hutchinson said this group 's personal wellbeing had dipped to its lowest point in a decade , despite the belief young adults sponge off their parents because it 's easier than entering the property market .
“ It 's almost like they 're forced to stay at home because they have no choice . They 're stuck , ” she said .
Adults living with their parents also scored the lowest levels of satisfaction for personal relationships , community connectedness and achieving in life .
On the plus side , the survey found they were the most satisfied with safety .
Hutchinson said the “ golden triangle of wellbeing ” can be found through financial security , a sense of purpose in life and strong relationships .
Australia 's wellbeing report card for 2016
* Average life satisfaction at 16-year high
* The Happiest Australians are 76 or over , followed by those aged 18-25
* Married Australians scored the highest satisfaction levels , separated or never married scored lowest
* Happiness of those living with their parents at 10-year low .
( Source : Australian Unity Wellbeing Index )
Following PM Theresa May 's closing Conservative Party Conference address , Sam Bowman takes a critical look at her claims of pragmatism .
Sam Bowman , Executive Director of the Adam Smith Institute , commented :
`` If only Theresa May was serious about ditching ideology in favour of pragmatism and evidence – she 'd have to abandon most of her main policy planks .
`` Take energy price caps . We have evidence that these will lead to lower investment , lower production and more brownouts or even blackouts . Eventually , these policies may lead to electricity rationing and nationalisation . High energy prices are mostly caused by high wholesale prices , and energy firms are not generally more profitable than other large firms .
`` Or look at the employee representation on company boards – which is better described as union representation . Here , the evidence is that giving unions this sort of power can turn boards toxic , as happened to Volkswagen , and these rules have reduced the value of German firms by 26 % . Other academic evidence suggests that board representation is just about the only bad way of giving workers more say in how their firms are run . So why on earth is this the policy that supposedly-pragmatic May is proposing ?
`` Nor is there any evidence that clamping down on EU immigration will help British workers , but we will have to borrow more if immigration falls because they pay in more than they cost . Or that quantitative easing has made us worse off – the evidence suggests that without it the post-crisis recession would have been deeper and longer .
`` Mrs May 's speech was the opposite of pragmatic . We call on the Prime Minister to abandon her ideological attachment to interventionist economic policies , look at the evidence , and accept that it tells us that markets , not the state , are the solution to our problems . ''
For further comments or to arrange an interview , contact Flora Laven-Morris , Head of Communications , at flora @ adamsmith.org | 07584 778207 .
Pastor Perry Noble of NewSpring Church in South Carolina tells his congregation that they 're stupid if they do n't give him ( * ahem * I mean , God ) money :
I love the half-hearted applause at the 2:30 mark .
Incidentally , this is the same pastor who ran a seminar last month on the five ways to overcome your financial struggles .
Guess what solution # 1 was ?
Of course it is .
He adds at the 2:24 mark : “ The primary reason that God gives us money is worship . ”
Food , shelter , health… all secondary to making Perry Noble richer .
This is also the same guy who once said , “ Maybe there would be less homosexuality in the world today if there were less greedy Christians who actually cared enough to tithe and spread the gospel . ”
( via Bad Preachers )
Photo by Max Cooper .
On Nov. 5 , Ashevilleans and residents of several other local communities will decide their elected leaders . Here 's a roundup of useful resources and Xpress ' election coverage from this campaign season . Polls will be open from 6:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m .
The Halloween Voter Guide to Asheville City Elections – Complete with caricatures , this guide offers a basic look at the two mayoral and five Asheville City Council candidates .
2013 Children First Voter Guide – This guide , from local nonprofit Children First and co-sponsored by several other local organizations , provides information and policy positions on Asheville and Black Mountain municipal election candidates .
Precinct finder – Do n't know where your polling place is ? With Ashevilleans ' tendency to move and the city 's many precincts , it can occasionally be a challenge to find exactly where to cast one 's ballot on Election Day . This useful tool from the North Carolina State Board of Elections informs voters where to go .
Election interviews : Esther Manheimer and John Miall – While the voter guide offers a condensed version of their positions , here are the full interviews with mayoral candidates Manheimer and Miall .
In their own words : Asheville City Council candidates make their case – A roundup of the full interviews with the five Council candidates .
The great divide : Issues of race , justice , opportunity discussed at YWCA election forum – A report on one of the only forums where discussions of race and class issues played a major role .
Video : Shouting match breaks out between Bothwell and Wainscott at candidate forum – The West Asheville Business Association forum got a bit dramatic , to put it mildly , when candidate Jonathan Wainscott shouted at Council member Cecil Bothwell . Wainscott verbally attacked the incumbent for not supporting his plan to bottle city water to make extra revenue and for supporting the coming New Belgium brewery . For good measure , Bothwell called Wainscott a liar , while he told Bothwell that all he had to offer was “ sanctimonious bullshit . ”
Saving face : Miall apologizes for online rant The Wainscott/Bothwell shouting match was n't the only bit of controversy this campaign season . Miall apologized for his “ poor choice of words ” after letting loose on Sept. 26 with a vitriolic Facebook comment aimed at Council member Gordon Smith ( who 's running for re-election ) , calling him “ Gordumb . ”
Candidates question each other , development at CIBO forum – At this Council of Independent Business Owners ' forum for Council candidates , one of the last of the season , the candidates got to directly question each other . They also talked about their different approaches to development policy .
Doubleheader : Mayoral candidates tackle forums sponsored by bikes and business – While it took place before the Oct. 5 primary ( and so one of the forums involved mayoral candidate Martin Ramsey , who 's no longer on the ballot ) , this piece on the mayoral candidates holding forth at forums held by CIBO and Asheville on Bikes in the same day shows their positions on a number of issues .
Asheville City Council candidates square off at transit forum – The main part of the campaign season for Asheville City Council opened with the Asheville on Bikes forum , the first time most of the candidates had faced each other in a public setting .
Three years ago , we introduced TypeScript , a typed superset of JavaScript for application development at scale offering compile-time type checking and richer tooling integration .
Since then , we 've seen great adoption and usage of TypeScript across a wide range of projects and applications – from Adobe 's Digital Publishing Suite to Mozilla 's Shumway project and the great Asana web application . At the same time , the ecosystem of frameworks and tools partners around TypeScript has also grown quickly – from tools for Eclipse developed by Palantir to TypeScript support in JetBrains ' WebStorm and the over 700 developers who have contributed to the DefinitelyTyped project .
TypeScript + Angular 2
Today , we 're excited to talk about another great framework partner we are working with .
For the last several months , the Microsoft TypeScript and Google Angular teams have been working closely together . Today at ng-conf in Salt Lake City , the Angular and the TypeScript teams are unveiling the first fruits of that collaboration . We 're excited to announce that we have converged the TypeScript and AtScript languages , and that Angular 2 , the next version of the popular JavaScript library for building web sites and web apps , will be developed with TypeScript .
Working closely with a rich library like Angular has helped TypeScript to evolve additional language features that simplify end-to-end application development , including annotations , a way to add metadata to class declarations for use by dependency injection or compilation directives .
Even more than the language innovations and library that have been built by the two teams , I 'm proud of the productive relationship and partnership we 've built between the TypeScript and Angular teams . Both teams are looking forward to continuing to move TypeScript and JavaScript forward together in the future , including working with the ECMAScript standards body on the future of types in JavaScript .
Next Steps for TypeScript
Since the release of TypeScript 1.0 last year , the TypeScript team has been hard at work making further improvements to the language and tools .
As the ECMAScript 6 standard solidifies , we 've been adding ES6 syntax and features to TypeScript .
We 've also been building user-requested features , such as the ECMAScript 7 async/await to make writing asynchronous code dramatically easier .
And we 've continued to invest in our architecture , making common build tasks up to 4x faster than they were in TypeScript 1.0 .
You 'll see the results of all this work in the upcoming TypeScript 1.5 and future versions .
In addition to the work on the language , we 've continued to improve Visual Studio 's powerful environment for building TypeScript apps with type-supplemented IntelliSense , go to definition , refactor/rename , project templates to get you started , and integrated build support . If you have Visual Studio 2013 Update 2 or beyond , you have TypeScript already .
Conclusion
It 's great to see the continued growth in the TypeScript ecosystem , and I 'm particularly excited to be partnering with Google 's Angular team to align our work on TypeScript and Angular 2 .
You can learn more about today 's Angular announcements and keep up with TypeScript on GitHub .
Namaste !
Lykke , a Swiss Fintech company building a global blockchain-powered marketplace , announced that its open-source platform and apps can be integrated to existing products to accelerate performance .
The Lykke Accelerator is an exciting step , ” says Richard Olsen , founder and CEO of Lykke and former CEO of OANDA . “ We 've spent the last year building a world-class platform , and now we want other companies to get the benefits of our work . Fintech startups and existing financial institutions can integrate the Lykke suite of products to offer their customers a seamless experience , where trades settle in minutes and safety is increased .
The Lykke Accelerator service provides custom integration of Lykke 's apps and trading platform to existing products , turn-key wallets and digital products to exchange . The platform currently offers currencies and the potential for trading many different types of assets .
The Lykke wallet is an open-source app for iOS and Android that lets customers sign up using Lykke 's KYC and support , transfer money in , purchase and trade assets , and transfer money away . The wallet holds the customer 's assets , protecting them in case anything happens to the exchange , and the customer retains the 12-word password that controls the wallet . Lykke will add customer branding and new features as desired .
The Lykke exchange is an open-source exchange where trades take place between wallets , there are no fees , spreads are ultra low , and settlement takes place on the blockchain in minutes . The platform provides a simple , secure , and powerful new way to trade currencies and other assets .
Example turn-key applications :
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
RAF fighters were ­scrambled to intercept a passenger jet over Britain amid fears it had been hijacked .
Dozens of people on board a flight to Birmingham watched in terror as Typhoons carrying live ammo closed in on their aircraft .
The terrorist alert started when air traffic controllers could not make contact with the plane 's captain as it entered British ­airspace over the North Sea .
Fearing the Scandinavian airliner might be used in a 9/11-style attack , they contacted the RAF .
Two Typhoons were scrambled from RAF Leuchars in Scotland to intercept the jet before it got near populated areas .
A defence source revealed that the pilots flew “ very , very close ” to it in an attempt to spot any terrorist ­activity on board .
The source told the Sunday Mirror that one of the fighter pilots was asked by RAF controllers if he thought the plane 's crew had spotted him and replied : “ I think they have , they are taking photos of me . ”
Crew on the flight from ­Copenhagen then realised air traffic control had not been able to get in touch because their radio was tuned to the wrong ­frequency .
But they were still ordered to land at Glasgow Prestwick and ­escorted in by the fighters .
Departures from the airport were suspended while police raced to the scene and grilled cabin crew about what had happened .
The plane was grounded for an hour before being ­allowed to fly to Birmingham .
The incident happened as UK defence and aviation chiefs ­remain on high alert after the Boston Marathon bombings . The blunder is thought to have cost the RAF ­almost £150,000 .
A Ministry of Defence ­spokesman said : “ We can confirm that Typhoon aircraft from RAF ­Leuchars were launched on April 18 to investigate a civilian aircraft which had lost radio contact with air traffic control . ”
A spokeswoman for Scandinavian Airlines said : “ We are investigating how this happened . ”
ST. JOHN 'S , N.L . - Nunavut Premier Eva Aariak looks forward to a shift in dynamics when provincial and territorial leaders gather next month in Victoria .
For the first time ever , three other women will join her at the male-dominated meeting : Kathy Dunderdale of Newfoundland and Labrador , Alison Redford of Alberta and Christy Clark of British Columbia .
`` The three seas are guarded by women , '' Aariak said with a laugh .
But she is serious about how feminine perspectives on looming issues such as federal funding for health care and social programs will enhance those talks .
`` I think it will be very exciting to come together as a group with more women at the table , '' she said in an interview . `` And I think they will contribute valuable information . ''
Dunderdale agreed .
`` I know it 's going to be different because women do approach it differently , '' she said in an interview .
Women simply do n't experience life the same way as men , Dunderdale said .
`` So that gives you a certain insight , a certain perspective .
`` And certain issues that are extremely important to you . ''
Dunderdale cited one of her own causes : the need to revamp an employment insurance system that bars or shortchanges scores of workers , many of them women with part-time or entrepreneurial jobs .
`` I know that those issues will be highlighted in a way now that they have n't been before because you have a critical mass of women who are able to talk about things like employment insurance .
`` I 'm delighted that I 'm going to have colleagues who know that ( issue ) from a very specific perspective , who will be able to inform that debate . ''
Dunderdale made history on Oct. 11 , becoming the first woman elected premier in Newfoundland and Labrador .
Premiers Redford in Alberta and Clark in B.C . serve as Progressive Conservative and Liberal leaders respectively , but have not yet won power in a general election . Redford is expected to face voters sometime this spring , and a fixed-date election is scheduled in B.C . for May 2013 .
Other women have broken through glass ceilings before them . Kim Campbell was briefly Tory prime minister before her government was decimated in the 1993 election . That same year , Catherine Callbeck took the Liberal helm in P.E.I . and became the first Canadian woman to win the top job in a provincial election .
It was a relatively short-lived triumph . Callbeck stepped down in October 1996 as her government faced growing unpopularity before it was ultimately turfed from power .
She was later named to the Senate , but her provincial breakthrough did n't exactly open the dam for women in Canadian politics .
To this day , women are under-represented at virtually every level across the country .
In the House of Commons , for example , they hold a historic high of 76 or about one-quarter of 308 federal seats . The number of female candidates rose for last spring 's election , but women have a long way to go to reach the 52 per cent share of Commons seats that would most accurately reflect the population .
`` It tends to be frustrating for people like me who think it 's extremely important that we see these kinds of changes in structure , '' said Dunderdale .
`` Once women begin to think about it and realize how important it is that they become engaged in activities that ultimately have an impact on their lives — that they need to be able to influence that ... only then will things really begin to change at a fundamental level .
`` Young girls need to know that this is a possibility for them . ''
Nancy Peckford of Equal Voice , a not-for-profit group that promotes having more women represent all political parties , said there are various stumbling blocks .
They range from the intense demands of work and family life to reluctance to face media and public scrutiny .
`` But we very much caution against perpetuating the notion that women are being held back by their families , '' Peckford said .
Some women , including Christy Clark , have given birth while in government , she noted .
`` The reality is , we do n't need all the mothers out there to run for office .
`` We just need enough women to run , who have the interest , who are motivated , who have the political experience .
`` They exist in Canada , '' Peckford said . `` It 's getting those parties to work diligently on this . ''
Polling data and research show that women vote in larger numbers than men , and that Canadians want more women in politics , she said .
Parties need systemic outreach strategies that seek out and welcome quality female contenders , Peckford said .
`` Women do n't tend to be highly involved when the nomination process is that tightly contested or locked down . ''
In Ontario , the Liberal party elected six new members when it won in October , four of them women , said Yasir Naqvi , a member of the provincial legislature for Ottawa Centre and the party 's president .
A total of 30 women were elected to the Ontario legislature — 28 per cent of the total , up from about 26 per cent at dissolution .
`` You run more women , you elect more women , '' Naqvi said .
`` The commitment has to come from the top . In our case , Premier ( Dalton ) McGuinty has made a very strong commitment , ensuring that we run good female candidates . And we 've been doing that every election . ''
By Sue Bailey , The Canadian Press
Also on HuffPost
The arrival ceremony , the good china , the wonk mixed with the pomp ( the womp ! ) , the Sensible Shoe People mixed with the Famous Celebrity People mixed with the people who are at these things because they are always at these things , who know better than to try to wear a hanbok , elegant as the garment might look .
It must be time for a state dinner .
On Thursday , President Obama will host South Korean President Lee Myung-bak at the White House . It 's Obama 's fifth such dinner — Germany was in June — and so there 's the usual speculation over who will bring whom , wearing what , and how one knows if something is a state dinner or an official dinner . ( One is for heads of state . The other is for heads of government . ) It 's all painstaking protocol , an elaborate cultural production disguised as a nosh .
Ca n't we do this via Skype ?
The American state dinner is a relic : one of the remaining events at which everyone still puts on a ball gown . It 's ceremonial courtship conducted by a casual country ; it 's a chance to show the world that we get it . We get what the salad fork is for . We get the handshake . Regardless of what one wears at one 's own kitchen table , one wants a president who knows how to wear a tux .
“ The whole purpose of protocol and ritualized behavior is to avoid conflicts , because everyone knows how to behave , ” says Judith Martin , better known to the world as Miss Manners .
And if protocol is abandoned ?
“ That 's how wars start . ”
But how did state dinners start ? Like the country itself , the concept is old , but not that old . It has gone from being a malleable supper to an immovable feast .
Having the neighbors over
For most of the 19th century , there were no state dinners , because there were no visiting heads of state . The ocean was big . The travel was long . No one wanted to visit America much , anyway , because in addition to being a really long sail , we did n't even have the Statue of Liberty .
There were , however , “ state dinners . ”
Through the 1800s , lacking foreigners to entertain , the U.S. government entertained itself . The Washington social season launched every New Year 's Day with a White House open house , and throughout the winter , when the president hosted government types — which he did around four times a year — it was referred to as a state dinner . Supreme Court justices ? State dinner ! Members of Congress or the Cabinet ? State dinner ! A band was brought in , as were tropical plants or mosses , which were the height of aesthetic sensibility at the time . One newspaper account praised such a dinner for its “ magnificent floral decorations and elaborate toilets , ” which probably meant something different then .
Then , in February 1874 , the Sandwich Islands elected a new monarch . King David Kalakaua decided to take a trip around the world , starting with the United States . He arrived in December . There was — because this is what official food consumption was now called — a state dinner . You can see an etching of the event : King Kalakaua in white tie and tails , appraising a long banquet table .
There was official business , too : Shortly after this visit , a trade treaty was signed , and then English speakers began calling the Sandwich Islands by their proper name of Hawaii . But to a member of the general public , surely what the king signed was less interesting than what the king scarfed . Trade agreements are nebulous . But Americans have always understood eating .
This might be why , when Ulysses S. Grant 's successor , Rutherford B. Hayes , hosted his only foreign dignitaries in 1877 — two sons of a Russian czar — news accounts noted that Mrs. Hayes did not approve of alcohol but had been persuaded that Europeans could not dine without it .
She abstained , the president abstained , the Russian grand dukes drank , the Marine Band played and everyone had a lovely time .
Hot dogs and Hitler
And then ?
And then nothing — not for years ! President Chester A. Arthur had dinner for 22 when the president of Guatemala visited in 1882 , and President William McKinley hosted President Sanford Dole of Hawaii in 1898 , but other than that , foreign dignitaries did n't come . If they had , there would n't have been anywhere to put them . The White House 's State Dining Room was not very stately ; it could hold only about 36 people , which goes beyond “ exclusive ” and just becomes “ cramped . ”
It 's strange to think of the White House this way , just as it 's strange to think of America this way . Our country 's bootstrap mentality celebrates the fact that we became a superpower on our own merits ; it forgets the fact that we were once barefoot .
In 1902 , renovations to the White House made it a more inviting place for important guests ( Teddy Roosevelt hosted a stag party for a German prince ) and enlarged the State Dining Room . But the next truly important state dinner did n't happen until 1939 .
“ Americans were very many isolationists in the 1930s , ” says David Woolner , a senior fellow and historian at the Roosevelt Institute . They were n't all that interested in getting involved in Britain 's encroaching Hitler problem . When Franklin Delano Roosevelt learned that King George VI was planning to visit Canada , he asked the monarch to come to the United States as well — the first visit of a reigning British king . Roosevelt took the king and queen on a Hyde Park picnic and served them hot dogs , which the queen had never had before . Americans loved it .
Then , because the British government said it would be a good idea to also go to Washington , Roosevelt brought the royal couple to the White House and had a formal state dinner .
“ Within three months , the Nazis would attack Poland , ” Woolner says . “ This dinner was important because it opened the door for the public to be sympathetic and supportive of Great Britain . ”
Now here 's something interesting .
The State Department 's Office of Protocol has a lovely list of every time a foreign head of state has stepped on American soil . It does not , however , have a complete list of whether we fed him when he got here . The White House Historical Association does n't have such a list , either . Bill Bushong , the historian there , says records regarding state dinners have been curated piecemeal . We do n't know when , for example , “ state dinners ” began to refer predominantly to foreign visits rather than domestic gatherings . ( Many of the dinners mentioned in this story were discovered in old newspaper archives rather than through official collections ) .
It 's a very studious , staid approach to history-keeping — all nuts and bolts , no nuts and crudites — but it overlooks what President Roosevelt knew , and the British government knew , and the king and queen of England knew : The places where we understand each other are often not in Oval Offices but at round tables , engaging in that universal bread-breaking tradition that allows people to see one another as people , not just figureheads . Give the queen a hot dog .
Finally , cleared for takeoff
“ Aviation . ”
The renowned historian Douglas Brinkley has been e-mailed , asked to discuss how the concept of the state dinner has mutated over the decades . He calls back and leaves an excited , detailed phone message :
The state dinner really settled as an American tradition by the time of Eisenhower , Brinkley says , but it 's all related to aviation . Transatlantic flight led to world leaders jetting into the greater Washington area .
For all of the perception of state dinners as a centuries-old practice , the current version is a modern one — something that really became codified only in the post-World War II era .
“ The global problems meant the world got a little bigger after World War II , ” says former White House chief curator Betty Monkman . The United States got a little more important , and everyone needed to come to Washington .
Enter President and Mrs. Truman , who gamely took state dinners over to Blair House when the White House was damaged in a fire . Enter Jackie Kennedy and her chic sense of chic , which meant that menus for American state dinners were printed in French .
When the bicentennial approached , everyone wanted to pay their respects . Betty Ford found herself without a social secretary when she learned that Emperor Hirohito — the leader of Japan during the attack on Pearl Harbor — would be received at the White House . She planned the dinner on her own , opting for an increasingly rare white-tie dinner , and organizing the tables in an ultra-formal U shape to respect Japan 's honor-bound society .
“ Mrs . Ford just loved the empress , ” says Maria Downs , the social secretary who was ultimately hired by the first lady just a few days before the dinner . “ She kept being very protective of her . ”
The dinner was perceived by many to be a final healing , permanently setting the fracture that had existed between the two countries . Emperor Hirohito gave a toast : “ I wish to extend my official gratitude to the people of the United States for the friendly hand of goodwill and assistance their great country accorded us for our postwar construction , immediately following that most unfortunate war , which I deplore . ”
The next year , the Ford administration hosted Queen Elizabeth . The evening began with the queen accidentally walking in on the president 's son , Jack , while he was shoeless and open-shirted in the Yellow Oval Room , during a private residence tour with Mrs. Ford . It progressed to the White House staff learning that the evening 's entertainment , Bob Hope , had not brought along Bing Crosby as requested , but rather the Captain & Tennille . Later , the president and the queen got up to dance , and the Marine Band struck up a song : “ The Lady Is a Tramp . ”
Throughout the tiny mishaps — in an otherwise marvelous evening — Downs says the queen showed a fantastic and unexpected sense of humor .
A month later , Downs had occasion to ask the president whether he realized what the band was playing while they danced .
“ Oh , yes , ” he said .
And did he think that the queen also knew ?
“ Oh , ” he said . “ Yes . ”
America 's dinner
And is n't this America ?
Is n't this it , all of it , the striving for posh and the embracing of pedestrian , the ability to put our best foot forward while simultaneously sticking it in our mouth ?
The state dinner is all about symbolism , which is why each event is so stage-managed . Some presidents have opted to hold dinners only in the 135-ish-seat State Dining Room ; others have rigged elaborate tents on the grounds in the spirit of expanded guest lists . Every foreign dignitary must have a special dinner that is precisely as special as the previous foreign dignitary , lest feelings get hurt .
“ It 's about the symbolic value of the White House , ” says Lea Berman , a social secretary under President George W. Bush . “ It stands for something bigger than the home of the president . It stands for the home of the American people . ”
In recent years , state and official dinners have produced some of our more memorable cultural images : Princess Di dancing with John Travolta in 1985 . Mikhail Gorbachev . Michaele Salahi . ( In the sari ! Long before anyone knew she would run off with that guy from Journey . ) World leaders mingling with Frank Sinatra and Willie Mays and Jackie Chan .
“ The dinner showcases America , ” says Mary Mel French , who was President Bill Clinton 's chief of protocol . “ Not only from the diplomatic viewpoint , but artists and writers and actors and scholars and other people in America that all have a part in the country . ”
It shows that the country can sit down and eat elegantly .
At the end of World War II , President Truman had apparently put a temporary halt on state dinners , but at a 1946 news conference , a reporter asked him if they were coming back again , and if that meant that tuxes and tails might also make a resurgence .
“ The president , ” he said , delightfully referring to himself in the third person , “ will wear tails . ”
Volunteering at Maker Faire Orlando
Volunteering at Maker Faire Orlando is a great way to attend the event without needing to buy a ticket . Volunteers who work at least a 4 hour shift will receive free admission for the day they volunteer ( if you volunteer late in the day , you are welcome to enjoy the event before your volunteer shift , and if you volunteer for setup day , you can come back for a full day on either Saturday or Sunday ) , and can make a Maker Faire Orlando volunteer t-shirt at our Make-a-Shirt activity .
Volunteer signup will begin in late summer 2019 .
Maker Faire Orlando volunteers must be 13 years of age or older .
Community service hours are available from The Maker Effect Foundation , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) public charity .
If you have any questions about volunteering at Maker Faire Orlando , or if you have a specific skill-set ( especially photography/videography ) not listed below , please email us at volunteers @ themakereffect.org
Alex Thompson
Begging loudly has long been viewed as an offspring 's way of saying “ I 'm hungry ” . But in predator-filled environments , these squawks can put young birds in harm 's way , and may be a form of blackmail that forces parents to pay attention and feed the youngsters more than they might otherwise .
The discovery comes from a three-year analysis of a well-studied community of pied babbler ( Turdoides bicolor ) in the Kalahari Desert of South Africa1 . Alex Thompson of the University of Cape Town and colleagues from Britain and Australia , spent more than 200 hours observing the animals in the wild and recorded more than 3,000 incidents of parents feeding fledglings .
Thompson and his team noted that fledglings were fed an average of 0.12 grams of food per minute when on the ground and away from cover , but just 0.03 grams per minute when begging from the safety of the trees . Furthermore , when the birds were played an audio recording of alarm calls indicating that a ground predator was in the vicinity , parents more than doubled the amount they gave to ground-based youngsters , but made no compensation for those in the trees .
Fascinated , the team speculated that the young , which were slower than adults to respond to the alarm calls and can not escape as quickly from danger , were intentionally putting themselves into a dangerous situation when hungry to force their parents to pay attention and feed them .
To test this out , he manipulated fledgling appetite by giving some individuals extra food , then studying where they went . He found that before being supplemented , fledglings spent almost 40 % of their time in the safety of trees , but afterwards , they spent 62 % of their time in the trees . This hinted that hunger was leading them to the ground , where they would be fed more .
Risky ventures
“ These fledglings seem willing to pay the potential cost of increased predation risk by moving to the ground so that they can blackmail their parents into feeding them more , ” says Thompson . The team is publishing its results in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B1 .
“ Most studies on begging focus on nestlings , so it 's very interesting to see a study on the more mobile fledglings , ” says evolutionary biologist Rufus Johnstone at the University of Cambridge , UK . But Johnstone says that he also has some concerns . “ The question I come away with is whether it 's possible to distinguish between blackmail and honest signalling of hunger , ” he says .
“ This study begs for further research , ” says avian ecologist László Garamszegi at the Doñana Biological Station in Seville , Spain . “ It is bewildering that the fledglings move into such a risky position . A fledgling risks not only its own life but also the lives of its parents and their potential to create offspring with many of its own genes . Given the costs , it seems like it would be better for parents to sacrifice the life of an offspring . ”
Thompson doubts it is possible to draw any real parallels between the birds ' behaviour and that of human teenagers who love to do risky things to attract attention . But a mother shopping with a screaming baby in tow may be a better analogy . “ I know from personal experience that parents are more willing to buy kids sweets or treats if they start screaming in a public place . It is n't a predation risk , but it is an embarrassment risk . ''
By Troy Stangarone
North Korea and South Korea are different , but sometimes it takes a crisis in each country to draw those differences out . In many ways , the flooding in North Korea in September and the recent crisis at Samsung help to illustrate how different the two countries have become since they were divided after the Second World War .
For a North Korean living in the flood ravaged north of the country , life was already perilous before floods damaged or destroyed 35,500 homes . Now , with the onset of winter approaching , life has become even more perilous . In contrast , the crisis around Samsung , South Korea 's star economic performer , will not place the lives of South Koreans in anywhere near as perilous a fate . Instead , Samsung faces a reputational crisis as a result of a flaw in the Galaxy Note 7 that has led some phones to catch on fire .
For many countries , while challenging , the domestic resources would be available to deal with a calamity similar to the floods in North Korea . For those nations lacking in the resources , international aid would be available to help deal with the needs of those short of food and housing . North Koreans are not as fortunate . The state does not have the capacity to deal with the challenge , and while international organizations such as the World Food Program , UNICEF , and Save the Children have made appeals for aid totaling $ 28 million to help some 600,000 in need of assistance . Years of food shortages from a state that is more interested in developing nuclear weapons than ensuring that its citizens are cared for have made international donors less willing to help . To date only a quarter of the $ 28 million has been raised .
In contrast , South Korea 's Samsung Electronics is also facing its own onset of difficulties . After turning around two years of declining profits in the first half of the year , the troubles of the Galaxy Note 7 have shaken Samsung . After an initial recall , replacement phones have also reportedly caught on fire . In an effort to prevent the damage from spreading and protect Samsung 's reputation , the decision was made to permanently discontinue the Note 7 . Initially Samsung revised its quarterly operating profit down by $ 2.3 billion , but in its recent quarterly statement the figure had grown to a $ 4 billion net decline in the 3rd quarter profit . Some analysts expect the recall to cost Samsung anywhere from $ 6.2 billion to $ 17 billion .
What makes these two crises so interesting is not just that Samsung 's loss , and , by extension actual profits , will significantly exceed the sum of international aid requested for North Korea , but that the losses of one South Korean company represent such a significant portion of the estimated GDP of North Korea itself . The CIA estimates that North Korea 's GDP is approximately $ 40 billion , on a purchasing power parity basis . That makes Samsung 's initial revision of its quarterly profit a little less than 6 percent of North Korea 's GDP . Its actual decline in reported 3rd quarter profit , $ 4 billion , represents 10 percent of North Korea 's estimated GDP . If the ultimate loss rises to the $ 17 billion estimate it would represent 42.5 percent of North Korea 's GDP .
In essence , South Korea 's economy is now so much larger than North Korea 's that the failure of a single product at one company is much greater than the resources Pyongyang needs to address the recent flooding and a significant portion the productive output of the North Korean economy itself . In a sense , the Note 7 's failure represents a stark contrast to the real catastrophe in terms of lives and wellbeing that North Korea 's economic and political choices have had for its people .
Troy Stangarone is the Senior Director for Congressional Affairs and Trade at the Korea Economic Institute of America . The views expressed here are the author 's alone .
Photo from the European Commission DG ECHO 's photostream on flickr Creative Commons .
MIKE ROEMER/Associated Press
Things were quiet in Green Bay on the opening day of free agency in the NFL . But that was to be expected . How many people out there really thought that Ted Thompson would be active on the first day ?
I 'm still looking to see a hand raised in the air from anyone . That 's just not Thompson 's modus operandi .
In 2006 , the year Thompson was most active in free agency , he signed all of his free agents in the later stages of the process . The two big signings were defensive lineman Ryan Pickett and defensive back Charles Woodson .
Woodson was signed after he was released by the Oakland Raiders . The signing of Woodson has to be the second-biggest free-agent signing in Green Bay history , only behind the signing of Reggie White in 1993 .
When Woodson was a member of the Raiders for the first time , he was having a decent career . But after he came to Green Bay , his career turned out to be brilliant .
In seven years as a Packer , Woodson went to four Pro Bowls , was the NFL 2009 Defensive Player of the Year , had 38 interceptions ( nine for touchdowns ) , had 11.5 sacks , forced 15 fumbles and recovered six ( one for a touchdown ) .
In addition to that , both Woodson and Pickett played key roles in the Packers winning Super Bowl XLV .
Woodson proved that being released in free agency does n't mean the end of a NFL career . It also proved that signing with the right team can get you a Super Bowl ring .
There were a couple of players who were released yesterday by their respective teams who should definitely interest the Packers .
One would be defensive end Julius Peppers , formerly of the Chicago Bears , and also defensive end/outside linebacker DeMarcus Ware , formerly of the Dallas Cowboys .
I wrote a story on Tuesday about the possibility of Peppers becoming a member of the Packers .
Peppers is on the north side of 30 , as he 's 34 , but he still put up decent numbers with the Bears in 2013 .
Last year Peppers had 46 tackles , 7.5 sacks , one interception ( against the Packers ) , forced two fumbles and a had a fumble recovery ( for a touchdown ) .
For his career , Peppers has 563 tackles , 119 sacks , nine interceptions ( two for touchdowns ) , 64 passes defended , a whopping 40 forced fumbles and 14 fumble recoveries ( two for touchdowns ) .
Peppers never played in a Super Bowl as a member of the Bears , but he did come close in 2010 , as the Bears were defeated by the Packers in the NFC Championship game that year .
Peppers did play in Super Bowl XXXVIII with Carolina , but the Panthers lost that game to the New England Patriots .
Peppers know all about the Packers-Bears rivalry . He saw it first-hand for four seasons . He also knows that the Packers were the class of the NFC North during that time , as Green Bay won a Super Bowl , as well as three straight NFC North titles .
Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
Peppers have prototypical size for a 3-4 defensive end , as he goes 6 ' 6 '' , 283 pounds .
The biggest connection that the Packers have that might sway Peppers to sign with the team is defensive line coach Mike Trgovac . Trgovac was the defensive line coach for Peppers his rookie year with the Carolina Panthers in 2002 , and then Trgovac was his defensive coordinator from 2003 to 2008 .
Because of his age , and if they were to get him to come to Green Bay , the Packers would more than likely sign Peppers to a short-term contract .
There still has n't been a lot of noise about what teams might be interested in Peppers , plus the Packers have not scheduled any visits with any free agents as of yet , according to a story by Jason Wilde of ESPN Wisconsin .
When Ware was released , however , there was much more of a frenzy . In fact , NFL.com 's Chris Wesseling writes that the Denver Broncos are the favorite to sign Ware at this point . In his report , Wesseling also said that NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport had reported six playoff teams were pursuing Ware .
The Packers were in the playoffs last year , just in case you forgot .
But will Denver be able to pull the trigger and sign Ware ? I ask that question because the Broncos were very active on day one of free agency in terms of spending , as the team signed both safety T.J. Ward and cornerback Aqib Talib to new contracts .
Talib 's contract was a six-year deal worth $ 57 million , according to Wesseling , which was first reported by ESPN 's Adam Schefter .
Because the Broncos have the first shot at Ware and so many teams are interested , it is doubtful that the Packers will get into a bidding war , at least based on Thompson 's track record running the front office of the Packers .
Tim Sharp/Associated Press
Still , if Ware leaves Denver without a deal , the Packers should be trying to get No . 94 to Green Bay as quickly as possible .
The same holds true with Peppers .
Both players have had fabulous careers in the NFL . Perhaps even Pro Football Hall of Fame careers . But neither player has a Super Bowl ring .
Yes , the Broncos played in the most recent Super Bowl , and they were beaten badly , but it looks as though John Elway and company are doing everything they can via free agency in terms of getting to the next one as well .
That might include the signing of Ware .
But it might not .
Ware had his best success in Dallas as a 3-4 outside linebacker . Last year as a 4-3 defensive end , his statistics were down compared to his production earlier in his career . In 2013 , Ware only had 40 tackles , six sacks , two forced fumbles and one fumble recovery .
For his career though in Big D , Ware had 577 tackles , 117 sacks , two interceptions ( one for a touchdown ) , 32 forced fumbles and seven fumble recoveries ( two for touchdowns ) .
Ware has never played in a Super Bowl . In fact , he has only played in four postseason games in his career as a Cowboy .
Bottom line , Thompson and the Packers should be ready to strike quickly if a deal is n't done in Denver with Ware .
Likewise , they should already be making plans to visit with players like Peppers as well .
The Packers have plenty of money to spend . According to Tom Silverstein of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , the team is $ 29 million and change under the cap presently .
That was after the re-signing of cornerback Sam Shields .
Yes , I know the Packers are hoping to re-sign a number of their own free agents this year , and they need to allocate funds for both Jordy Nelson and Randall Cobb , who will be free agents next year .
But sometimes you have to bring in some talented veteran help via free agency . It worked for Thompson and the Packers in 2006 when they signed Pickett and Woodson .
Time will tell if that will happen again in 2014 .
NEW BRUNSWICK -- A Rutgers University 's mathematician says he has found a reason why the Carolina Panthers and New England Patriots did so well this regular season . And it does n't have anything to do with their star quarterbacks .
A `` flaw '' in the 2015 National Football League schedule gave teams in the Panthers and Patriots divisions the rare opportunity to beat up on the same eight teams from the NFL 's two weakest divisions , the AFC South and NFC East , said Stephen Miller , vice chair of Rutgers ' mathematics department .
In other words : The NFL schedule usually does a good job of spreading around the lightweights , he said . In 2015 , it did n't , Miller said .
`` The idea that the schedule configuration is so different compared to other years is really weird , '' said Miller , whose graph of the NFL schedule is published in the Notices of the American Mathematical Society . `` Think about how much money is at stake in the NFL -- players and their contracts and TV deals -- it 's amazing there would be any room for a little mistake like this . ''
The NFL declined to comment on Miller 's analysis .
But Mark Karwan , a sports scheduling expert at the University at Buffalo , said Miller 's findings are fascinating .
The analysis shows that teams from the AFC East and NFC South , like the Patriots and Panthers , had a competitive advantage in building winning records and securing better playoff seeds , said Karwan , who has done his own studies on the fairness of NFL scheduling .
`` You need to have two cream puff divisions for that ( schedule ) to have this impact , '' Karwan said . `` And that happened in 2015 . ''
While Karwans favorite team , the Buffalo Bills , did n't seize the opportunity , the Panthers and Patriots did , compiling a combined 15-1 against the NFL 's worst divisions . They are two of the four teams competing Sunday for a spot in the Super Bowl .
Miller 's analysis
Which NFL teams play each other in a season is determined by a rotation that ensures every team in the league 's eight divisions play each of the 31 other teams during a four-year span .
Each season , every team plays six games against their three divisions rivals , four games against another division from their conference , four games against a division from the other conference and two games determined by their place in the standings the year before .
In nearly every season , the divisions that play each other are connected in a giant wheel , Miller said . Next year , every NFC East team will play every NFC North team , who play against every AFC South teams and so on until the cycle ties back around to the NFC East .
In 2015 , however , the rotation that determined which divisions play one another aligned into two separate wheels , a cluster of teams from the North and West divisions and a cluster of teams from the East and South divisions . Those two clusters rarely crossed paths during the regular season .
Of the 256 regular season games , 87.5 percent ( 14 of every 16 ) were played between teams in the same cluster , Miller found .
Although unusual , the schedule likely would n't have created any significant competitive advantage if both clusters had an equal collection of strong and weak divisions , Miller said .
`` One cluster had all the weak teams , basically , and the other cluster had all the strong teams , '' Miller said .
That scheduling oddity allowed the Panthers and Patriots to play eight common opponents outside of their own divisions : the Redskins , Eagles , Giants , Cowboys , Texans , Colts , Jaguars and Titans .
Those franchises ended the season with a combined .398 winning percentage .
Both Miller and Karwan acknowledged that teams can face an especially easy or difficult schedule any year . But the imbalance of the 2015 schedule led to an irregular concentration of bad teams almost entirely isolated to one half of the league 's schedule , Miller contended .
To illustrate the schedule 's imbalance , Miller made a graph of every schedule from 2010 to 2021 . A look at the 2013-2016 seasons shows how different the 2015 schedule looks .
Miller found that the cluster-effect in 2015 happened before , in 2012 , and will occur twice in every 12 seasons moving forward .
He suggests the league make a tweak to the divisional rotation in the 2019 schedule . The change will disrupt the league 's four-year rotation during the 2019 and 2020 seasons but ensure what he calls the cluster flaw never happens again .
`` If you want to make a system that is fair and equally competitive for everyone with good balance , you would n't set up two different clusters , '' Miller said .
Adam Clark may be reached at adam_clark @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter at @ realAdamClark . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
Germany , the country famous for its speed-limit free stretches of Autobahn , is building car-free Autobahns for bikes . The Radschnellweg ( “ fast bike path ” ) RS1 runs 62 miles between the cities of Duisburg and Hamm , passing through eight other cities along the way .
Cycling is big and growing in Germany . In Berlin , the school run is more likely to consist of a parent on a bike with two child seats than in an SUV . Cycling is done for pleasure , but also as just another way to get around . Cities already have extensive cycling infrastructure , and in the countryside , you can find wide , smoothly-paved bike highways .
The RS1 will be continuous , running not just between cities , but right through city centers .
The RS1 cuts through the Ruhr region in North West Germany , close to the border with the Netherlands , and runs mostly along former railway tracks . The bike paths are 13 feet wide , have overtaking lanes , and according to the AFP are lit , and cleared of snow and other debris , just like regular roads . The inspiration for the RS1 comes from the cycle ways of the Netherlands , and also from London 's bike superhighways , and the route usually crosses other roads via over-and-underpasses .
The route is still under construction . The second stage opened in November 2015 , in Mülheim , joining the first section in Essen , which opened in 2010 . The plan is to have a proper alternative for inter-city travel . Usually , bike lanes are squeezed on to existing city roads , and even when they are well-separated from motor traffic , the lanes are likely to disappear at any time . The RS1 will be continuous , running not just between cities , but right through city centers .
There 's one big barrier to this kind of inter-city model : funding . Whereas regular roads are paid for federally , bike lanes are the responsibility of local authorities . This makes it tricky to build anything between towns . The RS1 is 50 % funded by the EU , with 30 % coming from the North Rhine-Westphalia State . Berlin , says AFP , plans to use bike-lane-side advertising to help finance its own efforts . It 's a lot cheaper than road-building though . According to the ADFC , one kilometer of road costs around €10 million . One kilometer of bike highways runs to just €1.8 million .
“ The RS1 is not only a pioneer project for modern transport policy in North Rhine-Westphalia , but for all over Germany and beyond , ” says the ADFC 's ( Germany 's bike association and advocate group ) Ulrich Syberg . “ When it 's ready , the world will look upon the Ruhr area and wonder , how many people can you motivate to switch from the car to the bike , and much this will relieve congestion in city centers . ”
How much congestion ? A 2014 study into the lane by the Federal Ministry of Transport says that it could replace up to 52,000 car journeys . But that 's not even the best part . The study also estimated that savings due to the health benefits of cycling could be as much as five times the cost of building the bikeway .
So what will it take to get the space shuttle Endeavour from LAX to it 's new home in Exposition Park this fall ? Wide streets , no overpasses , and oodles ( TBD ) of dollars . The City 's Transportation Committee issued a report ( PDF ) on the task at hand , and the herculean challenge to accomplish the 10 mile trek . `` ... after being flown to Los Angeles International Airport , the shuttle will travel roughly ten miles on city streets to its new home at the California Science Center . To be transported on its belly , the shuttle will exceed five stories high and boast a wingspan of 78 feet . Detailed planning and coordination will be required to find an appropriate route that will avoid freeway overpasses and identify streets that are both wide enough and strong enough to support the Endeavour . It will be necessary for City crews to temporarily relocate overhead wires , street signs and traffic control devices to allow the shuttle to move safely through city streets . Additionally , traffic officers will need to be deployed at various locations along the route to assist motorists where traffic signal equipment has been removed . '' Thankfully we 've had practice with the boulder . [ City of LA ]
By the time that Power Man and Iron Fist # 125 came out in the late summer/early fall of 1986 , I 'd already learned not to trust comic-book covers .
( This essay , originally titled “ Steel-Hard Skin , ” was written in 2011 and appeared in Hey Kids , Comics ! : True-Life Tales from the Spinner Rack , an anthology that collected personal essays from lifelong comics fans . I 'm re-publishing it here with slight changes to commemorate the start of the new Power Man and Iron Fist series . )
Advertisement
Overheated clauses like “ Because You Demanded It ! ” always barked out at me from the color-saturated covers of long-running superhero serials , only to hold stories and developments that I 'd never requested . So , when I read the words “ Final Issue ” above the logo of Marvel 's odd-couple buddy book , I smirked . The gimmick continued inside , too , as Power Man angrily intoned , “ It 's over , man—Heroes for Hire is finished ! ! ! ” Ok , sure thing , dude . See you and Iron Fist next month .
But I did n't . Instead , I wound up with a comic I read over and over , trying to figure out why it made me feel the way it did .
See , Power Man and Iron Fist # 125 marked the first time a comic book brought me to tears . Not huge body-wracking sobs , mind you . More like quiet streams of anger running down my face . It was n't just the plot of the issue , clearly designed to be a tear-jerker . A child superhero dies after a long illness , Iron Fist finds his life force is corrupt and Power Man gets accused of murder . Any one of those things would be an earth-shattering development . But three in one issue ? ! What great karmic wrong had my fourteen-year-old self done to visit this horror upon me ?
Advertisement
Despite all of that , it was actually the farewell letter that got me welling up . I 've long since lost my actual copy of the issue but seem to remember the letter being written by the editor . ( Side note : PM/IF # 125 's never been reprinted and I had to download a pirate digital version to revisit my memories . So , yeah , insult to injury . ) The signoff announced that # 125 would be the last issue of PM/IF and lauded the talents of writer Jim Owsley , artist Mark Bright and all those who had come before them . No explanation was given for the sudden end . It seemed sudden to me , anyway . All I had left was a void , a broken ritual that I was hard-pressed to repair . Things were different in 1986 . Comic fans had no Internet culture to deliver shipping changes , sales charts and industry gossip to them . You had no metrics to figure out how your favorite comic was doing . You could n't prepare yourself for a favorite book 's slow demise . You just made your pilgrimage to the local comic shop and hoped it was there .
For me , that pilgrimage meant a lot . I 'd had a long relationship with the two title characters . As one of a very few black superheroes , it was Power Man who drew me in . The loud-talking strongman 's real name was Luke Cage . He got his powers in a prison science experiment , getting locked up after being accused of a crime he did n't commit .
Advertisement
He was a character churned out to cash in on the 1970s blaxploitation craze and starred in a long-running series often populated with a wince-inducing parade of jive-talking stereotypes . Some years into his series ' run , market forces threw him together with Iron Fist , a masked martial artist also known as Danny Rand . He was created to mine another 1970s fascination , that of the kung-fu movie . When both characters ' books were flagging in sales , Marvel editorial saw fit to throw them together in a strange-bedfellows experiment that resulted in Power Man and Iron Fist .
All throughout the years that I was reading and buying the superhero buddy comic , something nagged at me . Some inscrutable change happened somewhere in the 100s . The adventures of the super-strong badass and the philosophical martial arts master moved along in a funkier , slightly satirical rhythm . The wonders of New York City pizza slices were extolled . Luke and Danny were n't in their costumes all the time . They wore street clothes with some style to them , clothes that I could look out of my window and see . Hell , clothes that I wanted . The Harlem Luke lived in did n't feel like someone was working off of a third-generation carbon copy of imagery from C-list blaxploitation movies . Somehow , a believable naturalism wove in echoes of the real world into Power Man and Iron Fist .
Advertisement
And then there was something more . It was the issue where , after a confrontation where he tries to cow someone , Luke thinks to himself , “ My loud angry Negro bit did n't phase him . ”
That scene set off a chime in my head , accompanied by a series of aftershocks , like when microwave popcorn keeps popping in the bag after the heating cycle is done . That ‘ loud angry Negro ' line had to be written by someone who moved through the world like me , who had to modulate identity according to environment , circumstance and companions . Growing up in the suburbs of Long Island in the 1980s and being raised by a single mother , I continually had to prove and disprove my “ blackness ” to people . Could I breakdance ? Drain a 10-foot jump shot ? Did I own a microscope AND a chemistry set ? Did I ever have a jheri curl ? ( Answers : No . Maybe 5 % of the time . Yes and yes . Hellz to the no . )
Advertisement
The thought bubble sprang from my head with such force that it must 've been visible , like the ones Spider-Man had on The Electric Company : “ If Luke Cage is saying stuff like that , then , then…there 's got ta be black people working on this book . ”
Sure enough , there were . I found out later—the time and means are , again , long lost to me—Jim Owsley and M.D . Bright were both black men . And somehow they managed to communicate the idea that identity is a construct . One that can be pragmatic , can be played with and can be collaborative .
The cross-class interracial friendship in PM/IF it was important to me in my adolescence , growing up in the suburbs of Long Island and going to a Catholic , all-boys private school . I was n't a street hustler like Luke Cage , but I was constantly reminded—by way of cruel stereotype-centered jokes and clique-driven exclusion—that I was different . An abnormal Other .
Advertisement
Truth be told , I did n't understand my own blackness all that well . I did n't even understand why I should be offended by those watermelon-and-fried-chicken jokes . ( Who did n't eat and enjoy those foods ? ! ) My single mom grew up in poverty in Haiti , but the Jewel of the Antilles was n't exactly a place where white supremacy worked like it did in the U.S. She lacked the context to prepare me for operating in a world where I 'd be a fly in the buttermilk .
Advertisement
I remember one special assembly where a CEO-type alumni came back to my high school to instill some values into the hundreds of students there . The speech touched on the responsibilities held by gifted young men from blessed backgrounds such as ourselves , to be leaders in the world beyond high school . Not everyone gets such a chance . After all , the speaker noted gravely , three out of every four black men of college age wind up in prison . The school auditorium—where Mass was held for important Catholic feast days like Good Friday—erupted in laughter . Taken aback , the speaker ( or was it one of the school administrators ? ) chided my classmates and asked if that statistic was something to laugh about . I grimaced in agreement . Bad enough that these kids did n't know how good they had it , but worse still that they 'd laugh at those less lucky than them . For the rest of the day , I sat as teachers gave identical scoldings to the kids who laughed without ever being asked about my own experience . A few teachers apologized to me while others reminded my peers how lucky I was to be in this institution of learning . That paternalistic attitude made bristle even more .
I did n't ask for the context being placed on me . Just because I was the only black person some of these students had seen outside of a TV screen , I was being made to embody every meme ever pinned onto an African-American . I should be able to dance , dunk a basketball or crack a joke just as easy as I could breathe .
Granted , I did n't have much of a sense of myself , but I knew for damn sure I was n't going to be a stand-in for whatever distorted idea of black culture other people had .
Advertisement
Then , I remembered Power Man . In issue # 125 , he was going to go down for the murder of his friend and partner Iron Fist . Cage may 've been innocent of murder twice over , but he 'd been in jail . That technically made him an ex-con , and claims of innocence were n't going to go over too well for him . The cops were going to railroad him and his resume as a hero and tenure as a staunch friend were n't going to help him . The cops , the D.A . and the district attorney had made up their minds who and what he was , and they were going to make him stick to the script .
No . Cage took another way . He punched out a wall and ran for his life , disappearing for an indiscriminate amount of time .
Advertisement
I was n't going to explain the circumstances of my blackness to the other students at school . ( Not that I could have , anyway . )
Cage taught me to build up the only strength a skinny beanpole kid like me could ever have . A strength of identity . A strength to stand resolute when others decided that I was something other than what I knew myself to be . I was still figuring out my voice , but Cage 's moments in issue # 125 taught me not to let people dictate how authentic my truth was or was n't .
Advertisement
“ Sweet Christmas ” was the jive-talk catchphrase pegged to Power Man ever since his early days as a sort of super-powered Shaft . It was meant to stand in for any number of saltier , real-world cusswords . But , in issue # 125 , Cage uttered it sadly , quietly , as testament to the strictures of the world he lived in . The issue changes up his status quo , with him being accused of his best friend 's murder and back on the run . It 's a plot twist that works as a metaphor , too , with Luke 's sense of belonging cruelly revealed to have been only temporary . It 's another thing I could relate to , on that day when casual insensitivity reminded me again how different I was from my classmates .
Years later , after I 'd had my heart broken by women , jobs and the whims of the electoral college , PM/IF # 125 still stayed with me . I 'd bought it and lost it a few times over , stung on each re-reading by how Cage 's self-constructed persona mattered little to people who chose not to believe him . That final issue served as my first glimpse of the professional realities of comic-book publishing . There had to be a reason this comic was just being dissipated . When Christopher Priest ( Jim Owsley after a name change ) started his own website , he offered up what the experience was like on his end .
There was some moaning up at the office about my handling of Luke Cage . Doc and I toned Cage down a bit from the very loud , histrionic hair-trigger Hulk Smash guy , and gave him a wider vocabulary . As a result , I was told , by several Marvel staffers at the time , that I write , “ lousy black dialogue , ” and some even joked that I was n't “ really black ” because none of my black characters “ sounded black . ”
Advertisement
On the cancellation of the book , he recalls :
The expedient thing to say is , Iron Fist 's death was n't my idea . It was my idea in the sense of that is how I chose for him to die— brutally and senselessly . I was ordered to kill IF because the editor was deeply resentful of Marvel 's decision to cancel the book , a book the editor ( comics legend Denny O'Neil ) invested himself in and worked _very_ hard with myself and artist MD “ Doc ” Bright . We were all pretty upset , but Denny was outraged . POWER MAN & IRON FIST was a critical success and was selling in excess of 100,000 copies ; not a major hit in those days but the book was certainly profitable . Then the company , for no apparent reason , decided to change the publishing schedule from a monthly release to bi-monthly , which automatically depresses sales , and , once the sales projections skewed downward , that became justification enough to cancel the book to make room on the schedule for a new line of books that became the infamous and notorious “ New Universe. ” Angered by the slight to our work on the book , in an editorial meeting Denny 's assistant suggested we kill Iron Fist and cast the blame on Power Man . Doc and I really did not like the idea , but the editors were adamant , insisting if we did n't write the story he 'd assign it out to someone else . I agreed to write the story on the condition that IF 's death be senseless and , actually , extant to the story itself . The story and plotlines had resolved themselves by the time Iron Fist fell asleep in the hospital and was subsequently killed . It was shocking and unexpected and completely meaningless— which is how we all felt the company had treated us .
Advertisement
Priest went on to do other work after Power Man and Iron Fist . I never did develop a “ loud angry Negro bit , ” but I grew up anyway . Grew into myself and learned to observe , distill and write in a way that 'd become a career . Priest and other black comics writers who followed certainly sparked that idea in my head . They gave me my superpowers and showed me how I could use them for good .
You know , Marvel held true to the bombast of that cover text . There was n't another issue of a comic called Power Man and Iron Fist for 25 years . But , Luke Cage got past that moment when he did n't know what his future looked like . He 's got a wife and a little girl now . Funnily enough , so do I . There 's a new Power Man and Iron Fist comic , too , with a young kid taking up the name once used by Cage . Victor Alvarez is an altogether different type of urban character , both in powers and perspective .
He can control life energy around him and use it to be a super-combatant . The new Power Man 's more savvy about the world around him and more sarcastic , too . Iron Fist plays the role of mentor and Power Man 2.0 has a lot to learn . He quite does n't have steel-hard skin but , then again , he probably does n't need to . It 's a different time now , and he can be a different kind of Power Man .
Advertisement
Story highlights Poster shows extent of ISIS 's attempts at control
It demands that men do not wear Western-style underwear
Punishments include lashings and being locked up
Irbil , Iraq ( CNN ) As Iraqi forces advance on ISIS strongholds , a sign discovered near Mosul reveals the extent of the militants ' invasive control of populations they subjugated .
The sign found in the ancient restorative spa town of Hamman al-Alil just south of Mosul dictates precise details of men 's underwear .
Not satisfied with banning tight jeans , T-shirts , shaving and forcing families under their control to wear baggy clothing more typical centuries ago , ISIS has printed pictures of what underwear is acceptable and what is not .
The poster or sign shows a variety of shorts typical of thousands found in high streets throughout the world , from boxers to briefs .
It is rudimentary and crude , but also clear that Western style underwear must not be worn -- a red X covers each offending image .
Read More
The 2016 Texas football season is now less than a month away and the last few additions to the new-look Longhorns wardrobe have been unveiled . Whether it 's the wide variety of shoes , seemingly endless face mask options or just those beautiful jerseys , it 's all a sign that football is just right around the corner .
But while we wait , let 's all take a second to admire from the 2016 Longhorns are lucky enough to wear for the upcoming season .
Though the orange jerseys were displayed in June , freshman safety Brandon Jones took to Twitter to show off his Texas gear and future number .
Preview of the 2016 cleats pic.twitter.com/sV9QSnnGDC — UTexas Equipment ( @ UTexasEquipment ) May 19 , 2016
Texas players certainly wo n't be in any shortage of cleat options :
Much of the same can be said for the variety of gloves they will have to choose from :
And then of course , you ca n't play the game without pads and footballs :
We have many options as long as you like white options . # icy pic.twitter.com/e2LygGRpte — UTexas Equipment ( @ UTexasEquipment ) July 1 , 2016
Sure , it may not be Oregon-level flashy , but this is Texas and the clean jersey design has become a staple in college football , bit if you ask Vance Bedford , Texas ' white uniforms are among the most impressive in the nation .
“ I mean , if a uniform is going to make you a player -- I think when we wear our whites , it 's as pretty as any uniform out there , '' Bedford said back in 2014 .
`` When the University of Texas walks out there , with that logo and that uniform , you know who they are . If you look at USC 's uniforms , you know who they are . If you look at Notre Dame , you know who they are . ''
Joe Oliver 's recently announced a Small Business Tax Cut -- sorry -- Job Credit . Economists across the ideological spectrum denounced it as poorly designed .
This opened up an interesting opportunity for a national debate about what we want EI to be -- coverage right now is at all-time lows , and the accumulated deficit from the last recession will soon be repaid in full .
The Liberal Party entered the EI debate by suggesting a one-year EI premium holiday for employers who hire new workers . It 's disappointing that they completely ignored the possibility of expanding access . What 's even worse is that their plan rests on some pretty terrible math .
How much do they think a one-year EI premium holiday for new hires will cost ? Why , they can create 176,000 jobs for the low price of $ 225 million/year .
Sure , you say , the maximum EI contribution for employers is around $ 1,250/year , and 176,000 x $ 1,250 = $ 225 million . No problem .
But , wait ! How do you define new job ? And how many `` new jobs '' are created in the Canadian economy in any given year ? You might think that it 's in the 176,000 range if you listen to any of the coverage of the Labour Force Survey release at the beginning of every month . But you 'd be wrong .
The Labour Force Survey counts `` net new jobs , '' which is the number of new hires minus the number of job leavers in a given month . Between August 2013 and August 2014 , there was an average of 6,000 net new jobs every month .
But the total number of new hires is much larger than the number of net new jobs . People leave one job for another , and move into and out of the labour force regularly .
Although Statistics Canada does n't measure new hires directly , it does ask `` how long have you been in your current job ? '' We can say that people who answer `` one month or less '' is a pretty good proxy for new hires . By this metric , there were approximately 3.7 million new hires in 2013 . That 's 310,000 per month .
The Liberals will have blown through their annual budget for the EI premium rebate about two weeks after it has been introduced .
This plan confirms two things . The Liberal Party of Canada is totally OK with an EI coverage rate of 36 per cent , and they are n't really sure how the labour market works in Canada .
Photo : Chris Blakeley/flickr
Oct 26th , 2017
Oct 26th , 2017
Cooper Cronk moved a step closer to resolving his future today when he successfully completed a medical test with the Sydney Roosters .
Club medico Dr Ameer Ibrahim put Cronk through his paces and the veteran halfback - who will play for Australia against England in the World Cup opener on Friday night - passed with flying colours .
It now appears just a formality that 33-year-old Cronk will sign with the Roosters and an announcement is expected on Monday .
But the big speculation is who will make way at the Roosters so they can fit Cronk into the salary cap .
Halfback Mitchell Pearce is believed to have been given permission to negotiate with rival clubs , as has hooker and captain Jake Friend .
`` He 's very upset , '' one of Pearce 's closest associates told The Daily Telegraph .
`` He loves the Roosters and always wanted to be a one-club player .
`` Yet he feels that for everything the club has done for him , he deserves better for a player who has been there 10 years and played nearly 240 games . ''
Utility Jayden Nikorima is also expected to leave the club to free up some cash in the cap .
As the U.S. struggles to manage its efforts to influence opinion about Al Qaeda abroad , Al Qaeda on the Arabian Peninsula has produced its first English-language propaganda magazine .
It 's called `` Inspire , '' and you can read parts of it below . A U.S. official said early this morning that the magazine appears to be authentic .
`` Inspire '' includes a `` message to the people of Yemen '' directly transcribed from Ayman Al-Zawahari , Al Qaeda 's second in command , a message from Osama Bin Laden on `` how to save the earth , '' and the cover includes a quotation from Anwar Al-Awlaki , the American born cleric who is believed to be directly connected to the attempt to destroy an airplane over Detroit by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab on Christmas Day . ( The director of the National Counterterrorism Center , Michael Leiter , made that disclosure at a security forum in Aspen , CO , Fox News reported . )
The table of contents teases an interview with the leader of AQAP who promises to `` answer various questions pertaining to the jihad in the Arabian Peninsula . '' It includes a feature about how to `` make a bomb in the kitchen of your mom . ''
AQAP 's first effort to post the magazine to jihadist websites failed Wednesday , as many of the pages were contaminated with a virus . ( I half seriously believe that U.S. cyber warriors might have had a hand in that little surprise . )
In Partnership with Machine Project . As part of the Getty initiative Pacific Standard Time Presents : Modern Architecture in L.A. , Machine Project asked artists to take on the whole environment of Los Angeles and create performances shot on video and edited into short experimental films in response to notable architectural sites throughout the city .
Looming over the southern terminus of the 210 freeway in Pasadena are the soaring white columns and black glass walls of Ambassador Auditorium , the home of the evangelical Harvest Rock Church and the Pasadena Symphony . The auditorium was the centerpiece of the Modernist campus of Ambassador College , founded by radio evangelist Herbert W. Armstrong and his Worldwide Church of God in 1947 .
Today Maranatha High School occupies a number of the buildings on the campus , including its beautiful , once state-of-the-art pool , with south-facing floor to ceiling windows , stained glass accents , and vintage tiling details . Just outside , a railing and rusted chain guard a conspicuous stairwell that descends into the patio . Behind the locked door at the bottom is a bunker-like room where two plate glass windows provide an aquarium-style view of the diving well . These rooms were for swimming and diving coaches to observe their teams , but were largely replaced by underwater cameras .
ing is the experimental collaboration between John Wood and Max Markowitz . They make improvised music within predetermined structures , and their performances often stretch over several hours . For Wash , the video posted above , Wood and Markowitz tested the pool to find its natural resonant frequencies and harmonies , and then channeled sound through speakers installed both above and below the surface . The audience was encouraged to swim and explore an underwater viewing room over the course of ing 's slowly shifting three-hour performance .
If `` Wash '' leaves you wanting more , here 's 17 Weird Pool Performances Your Swim Coach Does n't Want You To Know About :
1 . Busby Berkeley 's famous 1930s pool choreography
2 . Juliana Snapper 's underwater opera `` You Who Will Emerge from the Flood '' ( 2009 - 11 )
3 . Ulrich Kreiger & Clay Chaplin 's scuba sound composition Aquacoustica
4 . Stephen Van Dyck 's Belly Flop Gallery , `` a Southern California nomadic performance and installation space , theater , concert hall , disco , opera house , laboratory , auditorium and space of worship that appears as a filled and functional swimming pool. ``
5 . Rodney Dangerfield 's `` Triple Lindy in Back to School '' ( 1986 )
6 . Cirque du Soliel 's `` Le Reve '' at Wynn Las Vegas
7 . Brooklyn punk band Japanther accompanied by synchronized swimmers in `` Dangerous When Wet '' at New York University ( 2006 )
8 . Max Neuhaus 'Water Whistle ' series ( 1971-74 )
9 . Classic So-Cal empty pool skating from Bones Brigade 2 - Future Primitive ( 1985 )
10 . In Velvet Water ( 1974 ) , Chris Burden tries to breathe water in a sink , while his audience watches from the other side of a wall on a closed-circuit television broadcast .
Chris Burden .
11 . Jenny Rogers ' queer underwater spaghetti western `` Trick Saddle '' ( 2005 )
12 . Andrea Grover 's mellow `` Jacuzzi Movies '' at CAMH
13 . Soulja Boy 's original Crank Dat instructional video , taught millions to dance the meme , inexplicably filmed in an empty pool .
14 . Mickey Remann 's `` Liquid Sound '' at Toskana Therme . `` Six swimming pools housed under glass domes - where bathers float effortlessly in body temperature salt water watching stunning light shows and listening to soothing music . ''
Dig this story ? Sign up for our newsletter to get unique arts & culture stories and videos from across Southern California in your inbox . Also , follow Artbound on Facebook and Twitter .
Garbage is an unlikely economic indicator that actually has an 82 % correlation to US economic growth , according to economists Michael McDonough and Carl Riccadonna . It is very intuitive because in times of economic well being , consumers buy more and as a result throw more away . If you buy a new TV you will throw out an old one , or if you go out to dinner you will throw away food you have at home and leftovers from your meal out . The more excess money people have , the more they buy , and are more careless about what they throw away .
Waste comes in many different forms . Michael McDonough states , “ That 's what 's great about this indicator . It 's holistic because it 's not isolated to a single part of the economy . It 's people throwing things out , it 's buildings being demolished — it 's everything. ” Almost half of the trash indicator is steel and iron waste , and the next biggest component is demolition and municipal waste .
In good economic times there is also an increase in waste from commercial and residential construction . With a lot of construction , there is also a lot of material added to waste . The data comes from the American Association of Railroads on a weekly basis , which means that it is very up to date . Garbage is therefore not a leading indicator , but can likely be classified as a coincident indicator or a slightly lagging indicator . In order to collect the data people must have already bought things and thrown them away .
The holidays are a time when we can especially see the correlation between garbage and the economy . In times of economic well-being , people will buy a lot- gifts , food , decorations , etc . This all turns into trash after the holidays and the trash bins will be overflowing . In a time of recession , people are much more conservative about what they are purchasing , especially around the holidays . Fewer gifts , less extravagance , and therefore less trash .
Garbage may seem very commonplace , yet it is a very relevant indicator that should n't be overlooked . In the chart below we can see the very close correlation between GDP and AAR Waste Carloads from 1994 to 2012 .
Sources :
http : //www.recyclereminders.com/blog/trash-economic-prosperity/
http : //www.marketplace.org/2012/08/16/economy/tracking-economy-and-gdp-through-trash
http : //www.businessinsider.com/chart-of-the-day-the-us-garbage-indicator-economy-2012-7
`` I ca n't imagine what it would be like to lose a child , the only thing I could think of that might be worse is to have to wait six years to lay that child to rest . ”
On Monday , Attorney John Young was happy to report that wait is now over .
Hailey Dunn 's remains have finally been released back to her mother .
On December 28 , 2010 13-year-old Hailey went missing from Colorado City .
Although an arrest for her daughter 's death has yet to be made , Billie Jean Dunn says she 's one step closer to having closure .
Billie 's attorney , Young , says he 's been fighting to bring Hailey home once and for all for the past month .
Although this is n't the way her family had hoped for , it has brought a sense of relief for them .
`` After the tears of joy , she said to me , ‘ I finally get to lay my daughter to rest , ' '' Young said .
It 's been a painful six years for Billie and her family .
Their worlds were turned upside down when they learned Hailey was missing .
To this day , no one has been arrested for her death , but Billie 's ex live-in boyfriend , Shawn Adkins , was declared the only suspect .
`` She believes , and has a belief that Shawn was involved in some capacity , but I do n't think she has any details , or any specifics other than just a gut belief , '' Young explained .
The first step to a long road to recovery for Billie began when Hailey 's remains were found near Lake JB Thomas in March 2013 -- just over two years after her disappearance .
It took almost four years to return Hailey back to her mom .
`` There 's a sense of closure , a sense of gratitude to have this part of her journey closed and to be able to move forward from here , '' Young said .
Young says the Scurry County District Attorney 's Office is to thank for finally bringing Hailey home , especially investigator John McDaniels .
`` He ( McDaniels ) said , ‘ you know I pull that box out , and I go back through the evidence and see if maybe we 've missed something , ' ” said Young . “ The folks in that office have been just extraordinarily compassionate towards Billie and this case . ''
Hailey will be laid to rest in Luling , which is just outside of Austin .
Her services will be private at the request of her family .
CBS 7 News also tried reaching out to the Scurry County Sheriff 's Office and District Attorney 's Office , but they did not return our calls as of news time .
“ We want to thank each and every one of you that has been on this painful path with our family to bring Hailey home since she was found March 16 , 2013 , ” wrote Billie on her Hope for Hailey Dunn Facebook page . “ Please if you see any postings asking for `` donations '' it is not from us . This is my child , my privilege to pay for Hailey ♡ . I have already taken care of all costs for my baby girl . Thank you again ! ”
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
ORIGINAL :
Hailey Dunn 's remains are being released to her family after nearly four years .
According to Billie Jean Dunn 's lawyer , John Young , the University of North Texas Medical Center released her daughter 's remains just after noon Monday .
Young tells CBS 7 that Hailey will be laid to rest in Luling , Texas outside of Austin though the exact time and date have not been set .
Hailey first went missing from her Colorado City home on December 28th , 2010 . An arrest in her case has yet to be made .
Sean Adkins , Hailey 's mother 's ex live-in boyfriend , remains the only suspect in the case .
Young says Scurry County District Attorney Ben Smith and investigator John McDaniel deserve great credit for helping move the case forward and allowing Hailey 's family some closure by having her remains released .
According to Billie Jean Dunn the funeral will be a private family gathering .
Putting their heads together . Researchers think that all five of these skulls from Dmanisi belong in one species . Skull 5 is on the right . CREDIT : © M. S. PONCE DE LEÓN AND C. P. E. ZOLLIKOFER/UNIVERSITY OF ZURICH
It was the ultimate birthday gift . On his 42nd birthday , 5 August 2005 , paleoanthropologist David Lordkipanidze was presented with the most complete early Homo skull ever found , freshly uncovered at his site of Dmanisi , Georgia . As paleontologists gently brushed dirt off its face , they saw strange , primitive features , unexpected in even an early member of our genus : a protruding , apelike upper jaw , and a tiny braincase . One scientist joked that `` you should put it back in the ground , '' Lordkipanidze recalls .
Instead , Lordkipanidze and an international team spent 8 years studying the fossil , which they describe on page 326 . Dating back to about 1.8 million years ago , the spectacular skull includes delicate parts of the face , rare in other finds , making it `` the world 's first completely preserved adult hominid skull '' of such antiquity , they write . Combined with skulls found earlier at Dmanisi , it also suggests that ancient individuals from the same time and place were very different from each other but still members of one species—an idea that has implications for the perplexing patchwork of Homo fossils found in Africa .
CREDIT : © M. S. PONCE DE LEÓN AND C. P. E. ZOLLIKOFER/UNIVERSITY OF ZURICH
The skull `` is undoubtedly one of the most important ever discovered , '' says paleoanthropologist Ian Tattersall of the American Museum of Natural History in New York City . `` An iconic fossil , '' proclaims Tim White , a paleoanthropologist at the University of California , Berkeley . `` It will stand out for a long time . ''
Over the past 20 years , Lordkipanidze and his colleagues have unearthed skulls and skeletal bones from at least five individuals from Dmanisi , a site that preserves the oldest human fossils found outside of Africa . These early humans used crude stone tools , probably for butchering animals , and lived near a river , a busy watering hole , says geoarchaeologist Reid Ferring of the University of North Texas , Denton . Ferring used argon isotopes to date the site to 1.77 million to 1.85 million years ago , showing that Homo had expanded into Asia not long after the genus appeared in Africa .
Lowbrow . This artist 's reconstruction shows the new skull 's small brain and protruding jaw . CREDIT : JAY MATTERNES
At that time about 18 % of the site 's animal bones belonged to carnivores , including fierce saber-toothed cats and an extinct giant cheetah . Confrontations with these beasts would have been common—and dangerous . All five individuals were found in underground dens where carnivores had probably dragged their carcasses . Ferring thinks the skeletons were all deposited `` within a couple centuries , at most , '' after which the dens collapsed .
This carnivores ' cache has produced new fossils season after season . The massive lower jaw of the new skull was found back in 2000 , and Lordkipanidze and others had expected to unearth a huge cranium to go with it . Instead they found the cranium of an older man with arthritis in his jaw , worn front teeth probably used as a gripping tool—and a small brain of only 546 cubic centimeters . That 's within range of an earlier human ancestor , Australopithecus , whose brains averaged 450 cm3 , compared with 1350 cm3 for modern humans , notes co-author Christoph Zollikofer , a neurobiologist at the University of Zurich in Switzerland . This confirms that our ancestors did n't need big brains to get out of Africa .
When the researchers attached the lower jaw to the new cranium , designated Skull 5 , the lower face bones jutted out more like an Australopithecus . `` This is , in essence , a very primitive face , '' says co-author Yoel Rak of Tel Aviv University in Israel .
Yet it 's clearly Homo , many researchers agree . The skull 's vertically oriented upper face and the shape of the braincase distinguish it from Australopithecus . Skeletal bones found with the skulls , including Skull 5 , show that although these humans were short in stature , they had modern body proportions and could walk long distances ( Science , 21 September 2007 , p. 1664 ) .
But what species of Homo is it ? Some fossils previously discovered at Dmanisi seemed to have links to H. erectus . But when the big lower jaw was found in 2000 , some researchers suggested it belonged to a new species they called Homo georgicus .
With the discovery of the new , fifth skull , the researchers had to confront head-on the variation among all five . Age and sex probably account for much of it : The skulls are thought to have belonged to an elderly toothless male , two mature males , a young female , and an adolescent of unknown sex . This broad sample from one place and a short span of time is what makes Dmanisi an `` exceptional site , '' White says . By analyzing the skull shapes with 3D computer-based methods , the researchers found that the range of variation in the group at Dmanisi was no greater than within living humans or chimps . The team concluded that all five skulls belong to a single , variable species
Putting all five skulls into a single species still left the problem of what to call it . The team squabbled at first . Looking at particular traits , they found that the upper jaw of Skull 5 most closely resembles the oldest fossil proposed as Homo—a 2.3-million-year-old jaw from Ethiopia tentatively assigned to H. habilis . But Skull 5 also shares key features with H. erectus , such as thick brow ridges . In the end , the team settled on the cumbersome moniker of Homo erectus ergaster georgicus , which recognizes the skull as an earlier Georgian form of H. erectus . But they all prefer to call their finds `` early Homo . ''
The skull shape analysis and classical trait analysis , done by Zollikofer and his Zurich colleague Marcia Ponce de León , also showed that the skulls were as variable as African fossils traditionally classified in three different species—H . erectus , H. habilis , and H. rudolfensis . If the Dmanisi fossils had been found in separate places in Africa , they could have been called separate species , Ponce de León says . Lumping them all into H. erectus suggests that the early Homo fossils in Africa may also belong to that same , single lineage .
That controversial idea is setting off a small `` bomb '' in the field , says co-author Philip Rightmire of Harvard University . Tattersall thinks Dmanisi could include more than one species , and that Skull 5 represents a new species . Paleoanthropologist Ron Clarke of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , South Africa , counters that Skull 5 `` looks to me like Homo habilis . '' And while paleontologist Fred Spoor of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , thinks it `` sensible '' to call Skull 5 H. erectus , he balks at the notion that fossils in Africa all belong in H. erectus , too , arguing that the team 's analyses ca n't delineate diagnostic differences in skull shape .
Whatever Skull 5 's specific identity , Spoor agrees that it is a `` fantastic , terrific specimen . '' Says White : `` No matter what you call it , this skull and the others from Dmanisi are some of the best evidence we have about how , where , when , and why humans evolved . ''
Local/Global Variables
function onLoad ( ) globalString = `` I will always exist . '' doATestPrint ( ) end function doATestPrint ( ) print ( globalString ) -- prints the string successfully end
function onLoad ( ) local localString = `` I do n't exist outside of this function . '' doATestPrint ( ) end function doATestPrint ( ) print ( localString ) -- Will not print the string -- Because that string does n't exist in this function , only in onLoad end
function onLoad ( ) local localString = `` I will be passed to another function . '' doATestPrint ( localString ) end function doATestPrint ( passedString ) print ( passedString ) -- Will print successfully end
So far we have only worked with global variables , ones that persist and are available to the entire code . So for example , this would create a global variable.But for most applications , using a local variable is preferred . They are created by placing the word `` local '' before your variable name when the variable is being created . Local variables only exist within the function they are created . When the function ends , a local variable is forgotten . If you only use Global variables , in longer scripts you will find yourself thinking of more and more complicated variable names , accidentally overwriting variables , accidentally using old variables , etc . So below is an example of how this local variable would be different.But as you move your code into different functions , they will need a way to communicate and share these local variables sometimes . If that is the case , you can share a local variable with another function by sending it as a parameter.I personally avoid general variables as much as possible . I only ever use them if I need data to persist . For example , if you reference the example table , the `` Save/Load '' memory example has a Global variable which tracks the value of a counter .
GRAND RAPIDS – Mitch and Whitney Ermatinger are coming home to Michigan . The husband and wife team has officially announced plans to open Speciation Artisan Ales , the first 100 % wild ale brewery to be located in Grand Rapids , by late 2016 . The small scale brewery will focus on producing high quality mixed fermentation sour and funky beers to be released monthly in bottles .
Both raised in West Michigan , the Ermatingers have chosen to return to start their brewery in Grand Rapids because , “ The enthusiasm for beer is unparalleled to other areas of the country , and yet many of the innovative techniques and styles of beer have not yet caught on in the Michigan market , ” said Co-Owner Whitney Ermatinger .
Locals may remember Mitch Ermatinger from his stint at O'Connor 's Home Brew Supply where he began his beer career in Spring 2011 . He will be leaving his current post as brewer for Former Future Brewing Company in Denver , Colorado to head up this new venture . His extensive brewing and blending knowledge of sour beers was formed in large part by his work alongside James Howat , head brewer for Black Project Spontaneous and Wild Ales . He was on the Black Project team that won Great American Beer Festival medals for wild ales in 2014 and 2015 .
“ We have lived in Grand Rapids for much of our adult life and consider it home . We love the amazing and supportive beer culture that Grand Rapids has , and so it was the obvious place to establish our brewery , ” Mitch Ermatinger said . “ GR is a growing and vibrant city , with the overall market making a huge comeback in the past couple of years . More importantly though , Grand Rapidians are really tenacious about their beer ! ”
Using influences and ingredients from the local area , Speciation Artisan Ales hopes to highlight the unique terroir of Michigan in its flavor profiles . The brewery 's name was inspired by the variations that occur in nature over time to create an ever-changing product .
They plan to have a number of recurring beers as well as several special barrel aged and spontaneously fermented projects .
“ We hope to expand the perception of what wild and sour beers are while still creating a variety of products that are accessible to all types of palates , ” said Mitch Ermatinger .
Wild beers are differentiated by their wide variety of flavors created from combining different yeasts and bacteria , longer fermentation times , and variability within the product . The beer styles will be roughly split into three categories : Brettanomyces-focused beers , Sour beers , and Spontaneous beers .
“ We know that other breweries around town are dabbling in sour beer , which we think is great and is preparing people 's palates for even more. ” Mitch Ermatinger admitted .
Speciation Artisan Ales is currently in the planning stages as owners work to secure funding sources to get the brewery off the ground . They will be establishing in a yet to be determined location in the Grand Rapids area . The plan is to have fermentation vessels and barrels as the backdrop to the combined production area and tasting room .
Initially opening one day per month for bottle sales and tasting , Speciation Artisan Ales will eventually expand its tasting room hours to be open weekly . For updates visit their website , or follow them on Facebook .
Gunmen on Monday shot and killed an Afghan women 's affairs official , just months after her predecessor was assassinated in a car bombing . As the United Nations marks Human Rights Day women still face challenges in Afghanistan.Najia Sediqi was on her way to work in the capital of eastern Laghman province when she was gunned down Monday . The drive-by killing had all the hallmarks of a Taliban targeted attack.Sediqi was the acting director of the provincial women 's affairs department . She had stepped in to lead the office after the July assassination of Hanifa Safi , who was killed when a bomb attached to her car exploded.A spokesman for the provincial governor 's office , Sarhadi Zawak , said Sediqi had just left her home in Mehtarlam when she was attacked by gunmen on a motorbike.The spokesman said that Sediqi 's killing was part of an insurgent campaign of terror aimed at professional women.He says , `` Opponents always try to spread fear , and to show those women who work shoulder to shoulder with the government that they will face considerable challenges , and thereby force them to stop working . `` According to Human Rights Watch , the situation for women 's rights in Afghanistan are particularly bad . The New York-based rights group cites threats and attacks by insurgents on female leaders , school girls and women trying to escape domestic violence.If the Afghan government is not able to secure the safety of women , says activist Rana Nooristani . `` Then that will of course cause a lot of problems for the women , and that will really discourage women to do more or to work outside the home or to work outside , or be active in society , to play their role actively , '' she said.The U.S. Embassy in Kabul condemned the attack and praised Sediqi for her unwavering dedication to women 's rights.Since the U.S.-led ouster of the Taliban in 2001 , women and girls in Afghanistan have won back some basic rights , including being able to go to school and work outside the home . But some fear that these gains are fragile , and could be traded for peace with the Taliban after international forces leave in 2014.Also Monday , a roadside bomb killed the police chief for the southwestern province of Nimroz.The attacks following the wounding of Afghanistan 's intelligence chief in an assassination attempt last week in Kabul .
The wooded area is where the Love County Sheriff 's Office says an accidental shooting occurred Wednesday night around 7 p.m. near Oswalt and I-35 . We spoke with someone that was in an RV close by , who says someone came to his camper asking for help .
`` I peaked out and he came around the corner and he said 'hey can I borrow your phone we need to call 911 because we had a kid that just got shot , ' '' says RV owner Denver Sanders .
Sanders says it happened just a few feet into the wooded area .
`` It went in right under his jaw and pierced his tongue in the back of his throat and came to rest in his vertebrae , '' says the victim 's aunt Kathy Potter .
That 's what Potter says happened to her nephew , Blayke Dean .
She says the 18 year-old and his friends were doing target practice alongside a ravine .
`` And the boy who shot him had spurs on and caught his spur in a tree root and when he did he dropped a 22 pistol he was carrying and shot him in the neck , '' says Potter .
Sheriff Marty Grisham says they will not be pursuing any charges against the shooter .
`` Use gun safety in the wooded areas and make sure its unloaded if you 're not actually hunting and do n't be horse playing with the weapons in your hands , '' says Sheriff Grisham .
Potter says Blayke will go through surgery Thursday night .
`` We love him and we 're all praying for him , he 's a strong kid . He 's gon na pull through , '' says Potter .
Deputies say although this was a terrible accident , people need to make sure they 're using proper gun safety at all times .
Arin Andrews and Katie Hill do not look out of place in the new Barneys New York campaign . Both have nonexistent hips , are right in the ballpark of six feet tall and are n't yet old enough for a legal drink . But there 's one marked difference between them and the models you ordinarily see on runways and in the pages of Vogue and Elle : Mr. Andrews , 17 , was born a girl , and Ms. Hill , 19 , a boy .
They are just two of nearly 20 transgender models photographed by Bruce Weber who will appear in the new Barneys catalog and magazine campaign , wearing clothes from designers like Ann Demeulemeester , Balenciaga , Lanvin and Manolo Blahnik .
Alongside photographs of the subjects , many taken with family members , pets and other members of their support networks , the catalog also features excerpts from interviews with the participants by the journalist Patricia Bosworth , a contributing editor at Vanity Fair and the biographer of Diane Arbus .
Ranging in age from 17 to “ early 30s , ” their races , socioeconomic positions and places on the transgender spectrum vary .
As Our Jobs Are Automated , Some Say We 'll Need A Guaranteed Basic Income
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Much of the anger and anxiety in the 2016 election is fueled by the sense that economic opportunity is slipping away for many Americans . This week , as part of NPR 's collaborative project with member stations , A Nation Engaged , we 're asking the question : What can be done to create economic opportunity for more Americans ?
When we talk about the economy , we spend a lot of time talking about jobs — how to create more of them and how to replace the ones being lost . But what if we 're entering an automated future where there wo n't be enough jobs for the people who need them ? If this happens , how will people pay for food and shelter ?
In Silicon Valley , a growing number of those in the tech sector believe that one solution may be the universal basic income . Simply put , the idea is that Uncle Sam will cut citizens a regular paycheck whether they work or not .
Misha Chellam is a tech entrepreneur in San Francisco and is part of the burgeoning basic income movement here . He took me to Eatsa , a healthy fast-food joint , to show me why many in tech are coming to this conclusion .
If Apple opened a fast-food place , it would look sort of like Eatsa . The space is bright and the decor is sparse in that trendy modern way . But when we enter the restaurant , I notice right away there are no cashiers to take our order .
`` That 's part of the magic here , '' Chellam says . `` We 're not going to order from anybody . We 're going to order from computers . ''
Chellam and I walk up to one of the iPads mounted on the wall . The first step is to swipe your credit card , which Chellam does .
`` Now what are we going to eat ? '' Chellam asks after his credit card is accepted .
Eatsa 's thing is quinoa bowls , and you can see photos of its offerings on the screen . I go for the burrito quinoa bowl and Chellam orders the kale .
A couple of clicks later we 're done . There are about 15 to 20 customers in the restaurant , but just one Eatsa employee .
`` I have this gut sense from having been in the Valley for a while now that there will be a coming wave of automation that 's going to get rid of a lot of jobs , '' Chellam says , back at his office in downtown San Francisco .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
It 's unclear whether technology will eventually reduce the total number of jobs in the country . While technological advances make some jobs obsolete , the past has shown that tech has also created new opportunities .
But advancements in artificial intelligence are intensifying this debate . In Silicon Valley , there are lots of experiments in automation . There 's the robot at Lowe 's home improvement store in Sunnyvale , Calif. , that checks inventory . There 's the `` robot butler '' working at a hotel in Cupertino . And then there 's Uber , which is experimenting with driverless taxis and trucks .
`` And that would affect 3.5 million truck drivers , another 5 million people who support the truck-driving industry , '' Chellam says . `` And that 's just one example of automation . ''
Chellam says software is eating white-collar jobs , too , and everyone from bookkeepers to doctors and lawyers will be affected .
Chellam criticizes politicians for not talking about this automated future . At best , he says , they talk about `` retraining , '' which does n't address the scope of the problem .
`` Take the truck driver example , '' he says . `` What are you going to retrain 3.5 million people to do in a short enough period of time ? ''
Chellam believes as technology replaces more workers , the traditional 40-hour-a-week job could become a thing of the past . If that happens , how will families get health insurance or save for retirement ?
Some experts say the only answer is a government-guaranteed paycheck that would allow people to buy food and housing . That would not only help the individuals but would help keep economic wheels spinning and generate tax revenues .
`` Silicon Valley 's interest in the universal basic income is one part guilt and one part optimism , '' says Natalie Foster , a fellow at the Institute for the Future , a nonprofit research organization in Palo Alto .
Some technologists suggest setting the basic income at $ 10,000 a year . Others have proposed raising carbon emission taxes to pay for it . Foster says there has n't been enough research on basic income to have serious policy discussions .
She said that right now tech workers are in the `` inquiry and research phase . '' They 're holding meetups and hosting panels asking what would it mean to give people money they did n't work for , Foster says .
In Oakland , they 're about to find out . Y Combinator is funding a research project on basic income , where it will pay 100 people enough money for food and shelter — no strings attached . The prestigious tech accelerator helped launch companies that include Airbnb and Reddit .
Y Combinator declined requests for an interview , but in a blog post its president , Sam Altman , predicted that `` at some point in the future , as technology continues to eliminate traditional jobs and massive new wealth gets created , '' some version of basic income will be rolled out nationally .
The debate about whether machines are taking our jobs is beside the point , says Chris Hughes , a co-founder of Facebook who is active in the basic income movement . He says that whether you like the idea or not , there wo n't be an alternative because decent-paying jobs are disappearing for millions of people .
`` The reality is that work has changed . Forty percent of jobs are now contingent , meaning they 're part-time , independent contractors , Uber drivers , '' he says .
And he says that shift has already left middle-class Americans economically insecure . A recent study by the Federal Reserve found that 46 percent of Americans surveyed did n't have enough cash to cover a $ 400 emergency expense . That feeling of insecurity is evident in this tumultuous presidential election .
`` I think there is a sense that our economy is broken in many ways , '' Hughes says . `` But rather than try to restructure our economy so it looks like the 1950s , I think we have to be honest with ourselves . ''
Hughes says that means basic income is n't an idea for the distant future but one we need to consider today .
Industry Track
CIKM 2015 will feature an exciting line-up of industry speakers on Thursday 22 October , in parallel to the research papers track .
Access to the Industry Track is included for all three-day conference attendees . Day Registrations are also available ; for more information , see the Registrations page .
Industry Track Speakers
Hang Li , Huawei Noah 's Ark
Building a Better Connected World with Data Mining and Artificial Intelligence Technologies
We envision that with data mining and artificial intelligence technologies the telecommunication , enterprise , and consumer industries , in which Huawei has its main business , will enter into a completely new horizon ; specifically , all the products and services will be revolutionized to become more intelligent and easier to use . Huawei is indeed pushing the frontier of research and development in those fields and has accomplished significant achievements . In this talk , I will introduce some of the breakthroughs made in Huawei , with regard to building better telecommunication networks and better communications with data mining and artificial intelligence technologies . Specifically , I will talk about the advanced technologies developed at Noah 's Ark Lab of Huawei , on SDN using reinforcement learning , network troubleshooting using knowledge graph and probabilistic inference , deep learning for natural language processing , and deep learning platform .
Hang Li is director of the Noah 's Ark Lab of Huawei Technologies . His research areas include information retrieval , natural language processing , statistical machine learning , and data mining . He graduated from Kyoto University in 1988 and earned his PhD from the University of Tokyo in 1998 . He worked at the NEC lab in Japan during 1991 and 2001 , and Microsoft Research Asia during 2001 and 2012 . He joined Huawei Technologies in 2012 . Hang has published three technical books , and more than 100 technical papers at top international conferences including SIGIR , WWW , WSDM , ACL , EMNLP , ICML , NIPS , SIGKDD and top international journals including CL , NLE , JMLR , TOIS , IRJ , IPM , TKDE , TWEB , TIST . He and his colleagues ' papers received the SIGKDD'08 best application paper award , the SIGIR'08 best student paper award and the ACL'12 best student paper award . Hang worked on the development of several products such as Microsoft SQL Server 2005 , Office 2007 , Office 2010 , Live Search 2008 , Bing 2009 , Bing 2010 . He has 39 granted US patents . Hang is also very active in the research communities and has served top international conferences as PC chair or Senior PC member , including SIGIR , WWW , WSDM , ACL , EMNLP , NIPS , SIGKDD , and ICDM ; and top international journals as associate editor or editorial board member , including CL , IRJ , TIST , JASIST , and JCST .
Wei-Ying Ma , Microsoft Research Asia
Building an Artificially Intelligent and Socially Engaging Conversation Engine
The rapid advancements in natural language processing , machine learning , computer vision , knowledge mining , and graph computation are enabling the industry to develop a new generation of agents and robots that are capable of having natural interactions and conversations with people . We envision a future where agents become ubiquitous and people naturally interact with machines and services through an artificially intelligent and socially engaging conversation engine . In this talk , I will introduce some of our latest research and development efforts in building such a conversation engine at Microsoft . From our initial experiments and observations , we believe that we can feasibly work towards a new human computer interaction , and by presenting certain levels of personality and emotional intelligence , it can create emotional connections with users . We also find that it offers an incredible channel for mining human intelligence , which will help fuel the system with training data and signals to continuously improve underlying technologies and algorithms . We believe that the conversation engine can become a new entry point for information retrieval , recommendations , completion of tasks , and a gateway to future webs of agents .
Wei-Ying Ma is a Deputy Managing Director at Microsoft Research Asia . He oversees multiple research groups , including Web Search and Data Management , Natural Language Computing , Knowledge Mining , Machine Learning , and Artificial Intelligence . Under his leadership , his teams have been actively publishing research results at conferences such as WWW , KDD , SIGIR , AAAI , ACL , and ACM Multimedia . He has also led his team of researchers to transfer many key technologies to Microsoft 's products including Bing , AdCenter , Office 365 , Windows Azure , Cortana , and Xiaoice . Wei-Ying is a Fellow of the IEEE and a Distinguished Scientist of the ACM . He has published more than 250 papers at international conferences and in journals . He has previously served on many editorial boards , including ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( TOIS ) , the ACM/Springer Multimedia Systems Journal , and the Journal of Multimedia Tools and Applications . In recent years , he has served as Program Co-Chair of the International World Wide Web ( WWW ) 2008 and General Co-chair of ACM SIGIR 2011 . He is currently a member of the International World Wide Web Conferences Committee .
Sofus A. Macskassy , Facebook
An Overview of ( some ) Machine Learning at Facebook
How do we do scalable machine learning at Facebook and where is it used ? I will in this talk first provide an overview of some of our machine learning infrastructure and the tools that we use to make machine learning scalable and easy to use . I will also discuss some of the challenges we face to keep ahead of ML needs . I will in the latter half of the talk discuss one specific ML use case on predicting attributes of nodes in a large social graph .
Sofus A. Macskassy is part of the applied machine learning team at Facebook . He previously ran the user modeling group at Facebook in their Core Data Science team , was part of the research faculty at USC/ISI , and he was the Director of Fetch Labs . He received his PhD in machine learning/information filtering at Rutgers University . He is passionate about learning users to better serve them through better filtering , ranking and recommendation . He was the general chair of KDD-2014 , serves on the editorial board of JAIR and ML , and is well published at top-tier conferences and journals .
Igor Perisic , LinkedIn
Machine Learning , Data Science , Why Bother ?
Machine Learning and Recommender systems at LinkedIn are leveraged to optimize our member 's experience across all of LinkedIn value propositions . Whether it is about helping job seekers find a new opportunity or keeping our members connected with the people or knowledge that matter most to the professionally , recommender systems and relevance science provides us with the ability to make that experience personal and relevant . In this talk , I will present work that I and my teams have done over the past few years in developing models and their supporting infrastructure to attempt to resolve a variety of problems across many of LinkedIn 's value propositions . The presentation will use a couple of use cases from LinkedIn to showcase issues my teams have faced while attempting to optimize a members ' experience . These will cover both real-time and offline cases as well as what arises when you mix them .
Igor Perisic joined LinkedIn in October 2007 after a brief stay at Microsoft , and is currently a Vice President of Engineering . Through his tenure at LinkedIn , his teams developed LinkedIn 's Search Engine , its Real-Time Graph Engine , Relevance infrastructure and worked on all aspects of personalizing LinkedIn 's site for its members . To provide LinkedIn 's members with data products , such as like People You May Know or Jobs You May Be Interested In , his team has built through open source technologies and contributed back to it with projects such as Kafka , Voldemort or extensions such as ml-ease and many others . Igor is a data scientist and engineer with a passion of building infrastructure , products and actionable insights with a strong dependency on Data . At LinkedIn , he is focused on applying data science to decision making , product strategy and enhancing our Member experiences . He has also been instrumental in LinkedIn 's outreach to the research community through the recent launch of the Economic Graph Challenge . Igor graduated with a Diplome d'Ingernieur en Mathematique from the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne in Switzerland and a PhD in Statistics from Harvard . A father of three and a husband to a French teacher , he enjoys languages and family walks in the hills of his neighborhood . He has published several scientific articles related to the educational , Biostatistical , data-mining and information retrieval fields . Igor has also been the recipient of numerous awards , including being part of several NSF and NIH funds , and Swiss National Science Foundation grants .
Amy Shi-Nash , SingTel DataSpark
Pivoting Gracefully Under Pressure : Data-Science Led Innovation in the Telecom Industry
The telecom industry has been facing immense revenue pressure from declining prices in basic voice and data services , as well as the proliferation of OTT applications . In response , telecom companies are beginning to explore alternative revenue streams in the digital space , as well as innovation through combining rich data assets and advanced data sciences . In this talk , I will share the key trends and challenges the Telco industry is facing , as well as how advanced data science can drive innovation and growth . I will also share learnings in creating successful partnerships between industry and research institutes/start-ups .
Amy Shi-Nash has 15 years of industry experience in data mining , consumer analytics , loyalty , marketing and management consulting globally . As the founding member of DataSpark at Singtel , Amy is responsible for driving data-science led innovation and product development , creating disruptive opportunities and new revenue streams by combining unique Telco assets with advanced analytics and big data technology . Amy holds a PhD in data mining and a MBA .
Andrew Tomkins , Google
Large-Scale Analysis of Dynamics of Choice among Discrete Alternatives
The online world is rife with scenarios in which a user must select one from a finite set of alternatives : which movie to watch , which song to play , which camera to order , which website to visit . In this talk , I 'll give an overview of this class of problems and some established solutions , and I 'll describe some recent work in large-scale analysis of this data type . I 'll begin with a discussion of choice among restaurants , taking into account factors of physical location . I 'll then discuss the dynamics of repeated consumption of the same item , which has a long history of interest to marketers and psychologists but is less well-studied in computer science . Finally , I 'll move to a more complex scenario of sequential consumption of a range of items , and will show how the theory of discrete choice can be incorporated into the theory of Markov processes , requiring a new algorithmic approach .
Andrew Tomkins joined Google Research in 2009 , where he serves as an engineering director working on geo data analysis and machine learning . His earlier research focused on measurement , modeling , and analysis of content , communities , and users on the World Wide Web . Prior to joining Google , he spent four years at Yahoo ! serving as chief scientist of search , and eight years at IBM 's Almaden Research Center , where he served as chief scientist on the WebFountain project . Andrew has authored over 100 technical papers and 60 issued patents . He received Bachelors degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science from MIT , and a PhD in CS from Carnegie Mellon University .
Andrew 's presentation will also be featured as a Keynote in the main conference .
Industry Track Chairs
Shonali Krishnaswamy , Institute for Infocomm Research Singapore
Marc Najork , Google
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Daniel Sandford : The arrests were due to `` suspicions about a possible attack ... with Remembrance Sunday the most immediate worry ''
Police investigating an alleged Islamist terrorism plot targeting the UK have arrested four men .
Counter-terrorism police detained the men in west London and High Wycombe .
The men , aged between 19 and 27 , were all taken to police stations in central London after their arrests overnight and remain in custody .
Police said one of the men was arrested in a car in a street in Southall , with armed officers assisting , but no shots were fired .
There is no current indication of a link to Syria or the activities of jihadist group Islamic State , BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said .
The arrest of a 27-year-old man in a car in Southall happened at 20:30 on Thursday .
A 22-year-old man was arrested in Hounslow at 20:45 , the same time that a 19-year-old was arrested in High Wycombe . Firearm officers assisted with both arrests .
A 25-year-old was arrested in Uxbridge at 02:55 on Friday .
They were all held on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
Analysis
Danny Shaw , BBC home affairs correspondent
Last month , Scotland Yard warned that police were dealing with an `` exceptionally high '' number of investigations into Islamist-related terrorism - and so it 's proving .
It 's understood this investigation centres on an alleged plot to attack the UK . The arrests came just a few days before Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day , heightening fears that people attending services may be at risk .
The fact that the arrests came at night , with one suspect detained in a car in the street , suggests there was some last-minute information or a trigger event that sparked police into action . Usually suspects are detained at dawn .
Did that information relate to events this weekend ? At the moment that 's speculation - police are giving little away .
The Metropolitan Police said a number of homes in Hounslow , High Wycombe , Uxbridge , Southall , Greenford and Hayes were being searched by specialist officers as part of the investigation .
In a statement , the force said the arrests and searches were `` part of an ongoing investigation into Islamist related terrorism '' .
Officers from the Met 's SO15 counterterrorism command are working with the south-east counter-terrorism unit and MI5 .
The arrests come after the UK national terror threat level was raised from `` substantial '' to `` severe '' in August .
This means a terrorist attack is considered `` highly likely '' .
Reuters / BI The 35-page document of unverified allegations about President-elect Donald Trump 's links to Russia and compromising information the Russian government might have on him that BuzzFeed published on Tuesday is actually fairly old .
It has been making the rounds in Washington , DC , for eight months . The document contains allegations that Trump declined various business deals in Russia but that the Russian government fed Trump intel throughout the election . It also includes claims that Russian spies concealed cameras in Trump 's Moscow hotel room that filmed him with prostitutes who urinated on a bed he believed President Obama had slept in .
Both Sen. Harry Reid and Sen. John McCain knew about the dossier over a month ago . Both thought it was serious enough to warrant an FBI investigation .
Trump has dismissed the reporting on the dossier as `` fake news . ''
Here is a brief timeline showing when , and how , it surfaced :
June 2016 : 'It started off as a fairly general inquiry '
A person whom the website Mother Jones identified as a `` former senior intelligence officer for a Western country who specialized in Russian counterintelligence '' begins researching Trump 's links with Russia for `` an opposition research project originally financed by a Republican client critical of the celebrity mogul , '' according to an article published in October by Mother Jones ' Washington bureau chief , David Corn :
`` In June , the former Western intelligence officer — who spent almost two decades on Russian intelligence matters and who now works with a US firm that gathers information on Russia for corporate clients — was assigned the task of researching Trump 's dealings in Russia and elsewhere , according to the former spy and his associates in this American firm . This was for an opposition research project originally financed by a Republican client critical of the celebrity mogul . ( Before the former spy was retained , the project 's financing switched to a client allied with Democrats . ) ' '' It started off as a fairly general inquiry , ' says the former spook , who asks not to be identified . But when he dug into Trump , he notes , he came across troubling information indicating connections between Trump and the Russian government . According to his sources , he says , 'there was an established exchange of information between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin of mutual benefit . ' ''
June 20 , 2016 : The dossier is first written and sent to the FBI
The document is first dated June 20 , 2016 . It consists of several unverifiable periodic reports made throughout the summer , according to Mother Jones . The last date in the document is December 13 , 2016 , more than a month after the election . The author is reported to be British . The document is sent , in dated sections , to the FBI .
Its contents are inflammatory . The document alleges that Russia has enough to blackmail Trump :
Buzzfeed
August 27 , 2016 : Harry Reid writes to the FBI
US Sen. Harry Reid ( who retired in December ) sends a letter to FBI Director James Comey saying , `` The evidence of a direct connection between the Russian government and Donald Trump 's presidential campaign continues to mount and has led Michael Morrell , the former Acting Central Intelligence Director , to call Trump an 'unwitting agent ' of Russia and the Kremlin . '' He calls for a full investigation and public disclosure .
September 23 , 2016 : US intelligence agents begin an investigation
Yahoo News reports that US intelligence officials are investigating links between Trump adviser Carter Page and the Russian government . Page has extensive business links in Russia . He is a former Merrill Lynch investment banker in Moscow . His consulting firm , Global Energy Capital , is headquartered near Trump Tower in New York City . It specialises in energy deals in Russia , Yahoo reports .
October 2016 : FBI reportedly gets a warrant
The FBI gets a FISA court warrant to investigate possible ties between Trump and Russia , according to Louise Mensch of Heat Street . She cites two separate unnamed sources for her story . Her story also cites Alfa Bank as one of the companies the FBI is seeking information about . Alfa is referred to in the dossier wrongly as `` Alpha Bank . '' Mensch names the bank three months before the dossier is made public . Trump speechwriter Richard Burt has advised Alfa , according to the Financial Times , and one of Trump 's computer servers has a connection with an Alfa server , though experts largely regarded the link between the servers as routine and innocuous , according to Fortune .
October 30 , 2016 : Reid demands the FBI look into `` explosive information ''
Reid writes again to FBI director Comey , demanding that Trump 's possible links to Russia be investigated . This time he appears to cite the existence of `` explosive information '' in possession of the FBI :
`` In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community , it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump , his top advisors , and the Russian government — a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States , which Trump praises at every opportunity ... I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public ... and yet , you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information . ''
October 31 , 2016 : `` an extraordinary situation ''
Corn of Mother Jones publishes his article describing the result of the former British intelligence staffer 's research :
`` This was , the former spy remarks , 'an extraordinary situation . ' He regularly consults with US government agencies on Russian matters , and near the start of July on his own initiative — without the permission of the US company that hired him — he sent a report he had written for that firm to a contact at the FBI , according to the former intelligence officer and his American associates , who asked not to be identified . ( He declines to identify the FBI contact . ) The former spy says he concluded that the information he had collected on Trump was 'sufficiently serious ' to share with the FBI . ''
November 18 , 2016 : Sen. John McCain hears about the documents
At a security meeting in Halifax , Nova Scotia , McCain is introduced to someone who told him about the documents , according to The Guardian : `` McCain decided the implications were sufficiently alarming to dispatch a trusted emissary , a former US official , to meet the source and find out more . '' The former British ambassador to Moscow , Andrew Wood , was at that conference and later told The Independent he was one of the people who spoke to McCain about the issue at that conference .
McCain sends a messenger on a transatlantic flight to collect the dossier
The Guardian again :
`` The emissary hastily arranged a transatlantic flight and met the source at the airport as arranged . ... The meeting had a certain cold war tradecraft to it , as he was told to look for a man with a copy of the Financial Times . Having found each other , the retired counter-intelligence officer drove the emissary to his house , where they discussed the documents and their background . ''
`` The emissary flew back within 24 hours and showed McCain the documents , saying it was hard to impossible to verify them without a proper investigation . ''
December 9 , 2016 : McCain gives the documents to Comey
McCain meets Comey `` with no aides present '' and gives the FBI director the documents , The Guardian says .
December 13 , 2016 : The memos to the FBI come to an end
This is the last date of the memos from the British source .
January 10 , 2017 : Obama , Trump given summary of the dossier
CNN reports that both Obama and Trump had been given a two-page briefing in early January that summarises the dossier . BuzzFeed then reports on , and publishes in full , the dossier itself .
Spalletti : 'Sarri Coach of the Year '
By Football Italia staff
Luciano Spalletti said he 'd vote Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri as Coach of the Year . “ I thought I 'd seen it all , but he brought something else . ”
The Roma tactician spoke to Sky Sport Italia this evening , ahead of this weekend 's final round of the Serie A campaign .
“ Sarri is a great Coach and I 've followed his progress . I thought I 'd seen it all , but he was able to bring something else . I 'd vote for him as Coach of the Year . ”
The Giallorossi still have hope of getting second place , but must beat Milan and hope Napoli slips up at home to already-relegated Frosinone .
“ We are in good physical and psychological shape , we 've done everything we needed to do . We 're training well , but clearly Milan will be fired up , eager to defend their status and prepare in the best way for the Coppa Italia Final .
“ We will try to go there and play the way we know how . The lads are well aware of how to approach a game mentally now .
“ I am satisfied at seeing my team play so well . During training we try some things and to see us play with that speed is the most pleasant response you can have .
“ There are elements in training that we see replicated in a match situation . ”
Spalletti took over from Rudi Garcia in January , so how will Roma reinforce over the summer ?
“ It will not be easy to improve this squad , so I am very lucky . ”
Machine learning is such a buzzword , or words , these days . Perhaps one of the biggest advocates of this technology , the almighty Google has been applying it to many of its services over the past few months . Now photographs on Google+ are getting some love with the addition of RAISR , which allows for low-resolution images to receive massive bumps in quality while saving on bandwidth .
This initiative comes from the desire to help users who have data caps , spotty Internet connection , or both to view high-quality photos without sucking all their data or taking forever to load . RAISR , which stands for Rapid and Accurate Image Super-Resolution , utilizes machine learning to improve low-res pictures . When used with the photographic content on Google+ , RAISR can use up to 75 % less bandwidth than the full-resolution version .
This is being tested only on images that appear in the streams of a `` subset of Android devices . '' Google claims that it is applying the technology to over one billion pictures a week , which has cut total user bandwidth by about 33 % . The plan is to broaden the rollout over the coming weeks .
Nikon D800 and D800E video/movie tips & tricks
With over fifteen years of experience in shooting with Nikon equipment , I thought I knew quite a bit . Now video has entered my life and I can start all over again ... The D800 is my first DSLR capable of shooting video and I am stunned by the quality it can deliver . Curious as I am , I 've gathered lots of info on shooting video with the D800 and decided to share what I 've found so far . Enjoy !
Available articles :
Coming soon :
Which autofocus modes are available during video ?
How do I set exposure for video - differences with stills photography ?
What is the best external monitor for the D800/D800E ? About lilliputs , peaking filters and a zebra .
How do I enable remote control for video ?
More to come , I 'm learning new things every day . Drop me a line if you like ! Questions & suggestions are welcome .
Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy is seeking your input for a potential street redesign in Schenley Park
The Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy ( PPC ) invites you to share your thoughts on a proposed green street design along Schenley Drive at an upcoming public meeting on November 18th .
The section of Schenley that is being looked at is from Forbes Ave in Squirrel Hill , through the golf course , to the Schenley Park Visitor 's center . With wide shoulders and rolling hills , this is a popular cycling route for commuters and recreational riders alike , and the PPC is looking to make sure that all park user groups are represented and are happy with any changes to the existing conditions .
Schenley Drive is an important piece of the stormwater management plan for the Panther Hollow Watershed . Your feedback , and the feedback of other park users , will help shape the plan for this area in the park . Please attend this public meeting , as well as give your thoughts on key sections of the road by taking this survey .
Schenley Drive Green Street Public Input Meeting
Tuesday , November 18th
5:30 – 7:30pm
Jewish Community Center of Greater Pittsburgh
5738 Forbes Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15217
RSVP Here
Not a member of BikePGH ? Join today ! We need you to add your voice ! Bike Pittsburgh works to protect cyclist 's rights and promote the vision of making Pittsburgh a safer and more enjoyable place to live and to ride . For more info , check out : www.bikepgh.org/membership
Today is a very exciting day ! For the past few months I 've been working like crazy to get my new DVD series finished . In these videos I 'm collaborating with my friend , and former teammate , Emily Kwok .
She 's one of the best known competitive grapplers out there ! For a lot of different reasons .
First of all , she 's one hell of a competitor .
Emily is not only a Brazilian Jiu-jitsu world champion , she 's also won amateur and professional MMA fights , and just two weeks ago she won a gold medal in the Pan Am No Gi Championships in the Absolute ( no weight limit ) division ! So when she tells you that something works you can really believe her .
Secondly , she 's got an impeccable pedigree . Emily has learned from many of the very best instructors in the world , and is currently training and working with Marcelo Garcia .
( Marcelo is , of course , a 5 time BJJ world champion and 4 time no-gi ADCC champion . But he 's also been an absolute terror in the Absolute division , regularly facing and submitting much larger world-class opponents . )
Third , and most importantly , Emily is a born teacher . And this is the real reason I decided to work with her . She 's got a real knack for being able to break down and teach techniques in a way that makes them easy to learn and quick to implement .
After we decided to work together , Emily and I spent months criss-crossing the continent to talk strategy , do research , plan the script , and film the material .
And once we filmed the material , I locked myself into a dark room with my editor to take the footage and create the actual DVDs . ( It 's true ! My friends and training partners have n't seen me for a month . )
And then today , at last , I got the master copies from my editor . I gave them a final once-over and then went to the courier .
Tomorrow morning my duplicator will have them in his hands and begin working on the final product ! ( The only thing I 'm worried about is that most DVD duplication facilities are already working at full capacity to prepare their Xmas stockpiles . Hopefully the wait is n't too long , and they 're able to produce the quantities I want . )
If everything goes well this series should be available in mid to early November !
So , what 's the topic of these DVDs ? Hopefully the title will give you a hint…
These 5 DVD series is called “ How to Defeat the Bigger Stronger Opponent ! ”
And that 's EXACTLY what they 're about .
The DVDs are filled to the brim with techniques , strategies , tactics , training methods and drills to give you an unfair advantage when you 're smaller than the person you 're grappling .
The idea for this series actually came from you guys .
You see I get asked hundreds of questions via emails , Facebook , etc . every week . And the most common question – hands down – is what to do when facing a bigger stronger person .
This is a totally valid concern !
Being pinned and smothered on the ground by a Goliath is no fun at all . In fact , even a weight difference of 10 or 20 pounds can allow a bigger person to simply use their natural strength , size and weight advantage to crush and overpower you .
I do my best to answer these questions , but the fact that I 'm 6′ 1″ and 215 lbs means that I 'm not the ideal poster boy for teaching this topic . Which is ironic , because even I get worried about running into people bigger than myself ( and am glad to have a few tricks up my sleeve to handle that situation when it happens ) .
Anyway , this image problem is why I first started thinking about collaborating with someone . And when I heard what Emily was up to , and saw how she was basically reverse-engineering Marcelo Garcia 's game , I knew I had work with her .
Her game is tailor-made for dealing with larger stronger opponents . After all , the vast majority of her training partners are bigger than she is . And she 's proved her techniques work in the absolute divisions of some of the toughest tournaments around .
The basic premise of the DVDs is that size does matter , but that there ARE specific , concrete things you can do to compensate for size .
With the right techniques and strategies it is absolutely possible to successfully hold your ground against bigger , stronger opponents . And with the right leverage-based techniques you can even go on the offensive and bring the fight to them !
Whether you 're male or female , these DVDs are going to show you exactly how to do that .
I 've been doing martial arts a long time . And produced a ton of videos and instructional materials .
I can honestly say that this is one of the very best DVD series I have ever seen .
P.S . You can see some of behind-the-scenes pics of the filming and editing process on the Grapplearts Facebook Page
These DVDs are now available for shipping ! Click here for more details and ordering information
Please note that these videos are also available both as a series of mobile apps
Comments ( )
There are new details about the man police shot and killed inside a Lyndhurst , New Jersey library . Police say Kevin Allen had an outstanding warrant for his arrest , and when he entered the library , that 's when things turned violent . Michael George reports . ( Published Friday , May 29 , 2015 )
An armed suspect was shot and killed by police inside a New Jersey library Friday after he struggled against police officers who attempted to detain him and then charged at them with a knife , authorities said .
Two police officers spotted the suspect , who had a warrant for his arrest , walking into the Lyndhurst Public Library on Valley Brook Avenue at about 2:30 p.m. , according to Lyndhurst Police Chief James O'Connor .
The officers approached the suspect , identified by prosecutors as Kevin K. Allen , 36 -- who also has an alias of Kevin Hall -- on the top floor of the library and attempted to detain him , according to O'Connor .
Allen struggled and continued to fight even as the officers attempted to use pepper spray and a baton , O'Connor said . The suspect then pulled a knife out and rushed at the officers , and that 's when they fired .
Witness Jayne Thorne was leaving the library when the shooting happened .
`` Not even a minute I was outside the library , and all of a sudden two plainclothes men and one cop comes running by , '' she said . `` I rushed into the library , and the next thing I know they were dragging someone out on a stretcher . ''
The chief said the shooting was justified and the officers had no choice .
`` There was nothing else they couldh ave done , '' he said .
The two officers were not injured but were transported to the hospital for trauma , according to O'Connor .
There were people inside the library , and several witnessed the shooting , including a child , according to authorities . No bystanders were hurt , which neighbors deemed lucky considering how many children go to the library on a Friday afternoon .
`` If that had happened a half-hour earlier or later , there would have been kids doing projects , or just weekend stuff , and God forbid if the gunman escaped or held peoploe hostage , '' said neighbor Robert O'Dell . `` When you 're a parent , that goes through your mind . ''
No one answered the phone at the library .
Amazon Prime Video 's expansion into indie films continued today when the online giant began streaming fifteen films from the 2017 Sundance Film Festival ( SFF ) . The dramas and documentaries bring the number of independent films Amazon Prime members can watch to seventy-six .
“ We launched the Film Festival Stars Program at Sundance earlier this year because we heard from our customers they love watching independent films , ” Eric Orme , the head of Amazon Video Direct , said in the press release .
The Film Festival Stars Program gives filmmakers an extra avenue for getting their work in front of audiences . Most people can not attend film festivals or indie films ' limited screenings . Amazon opens up the world to filmmakers .
Richard Lorber , who heads film distributor Kino Lorber , explained : “ It 's an innovative strategy that allows specialty film distributors like us to amplify support for the worthiest films . ”
Amazon 's global ambitions for indie films are still in their early stages . Amazon Prime Video is available in more than two hundred countries and territories . Yet only two of the fifteen Sundance films are available to Amazon 's customers worldwide : Guatemalan documentary 500 Years and Chinese documentary Plastic China .
As Orme explained , that will be changing . “ We 'll be extending Film Festival Stars to the 2018 Sundance Film Festival with an emphasis on global distribution and enhanced bonuses for filmmakers . ”
Related : Sundance Now Review – Free Trial , Cost , Channels and Value
In Latin , the word pax means “ peace. ” In the world of intellectual property , patent peace often coincides with innovation and healthy competition that benefit consumers . It is with a hope for such benefits that we are announcing our newest patent licensing initiative focusing on patent peace , which we call PAX .
Under PAX , members grant each other royalty-free patent licenses covering Android and Google Applications on qualified devices . This community-driven clearinghouse , developed together with our Android partners , ensures that innovation and consumer choice—not patent threats—will continue to be key drivers of our Android ecosystem . PAX is free to join and open to anyone .
Already , Android is distributed under open-source licenses that allow anyone to use it for free . This openness has resulted in enormous choice for manufacturers and users . The Android ecosystem has grown to include more than 400 partner manufacturers and 500 carriers who have produced more than 4,000 major devices in the last year alone with an astounding 1.6 billion active users . We believe PAX will further expand the openness of Android for its members , promoting patent peace that will free up time and money for members , who can then dedicate those resources to creating new ideas .
PAX members currently include Google , Samsung Electronics , LG Electronics , Foxconn Technology Group , HMD Global , HTC , Coolpad , BQ , and Allview . The members collectively own more than 230,000 patents worldwide . As more companies join , PAX will bring even more patent peace and value to its members through more freedom to innovate .
PAX is the latest innovative licensing effort that Google has helped develop in order to provide balanced patent solutions . Other efforts include the LOT Network and the Open Patent Non-assertion Pledge , as well as our participation in such initiatives as the Open Invention Network and IP3 run by Allied Security Trust . Initiatives like these—and PAX—are among the many ways Google contributes to fair and balanced patent systems across an interconnected world .
We encourage interested companies , large and small , around the world to join us in PAX and enjoy patent peace . To learn more , please visit the PAX website .
View full size
TRENTON — The father of a mentally disabled man beaten by State Police troopers said today that Superintendent Col. Rick Fuentes owes his son an apology and that Fuentes ' silence on the incident has been surprising and disappointing .
`` I 'm surprised he has n't called , especially since they 've decided these troopers were wrong to do what they did , '' said John Bayliss of Washington Township . `` I think he does owe my son an apology . After three years , it seems like the least he could do . ''
Bayliss also said that since the State Police have determined the two troopers involved used unreasonable force , they should have suspended them pending the outcome of the disciplinary process , just like two troopers who led a caravan of sports cars in March .
A spokesman for the State Police , Lt. Stephen Jones , declined to comment when asked if Fuentes planned to speak about the case or why the troopers involved have not yet been suspended .
`` Because of an ongoing civil lawsuit on behalf of Mr. Bayliss , we are not able to address this matter with the plaintiff or the public , '' Jones said today in a statement .
The Attorney General 's Office declined to comment because of the pending discipline .
Earlier this month , the State Police admitted for the first time that two troopers used unreasonable force in 2009 when they beat James Bayliss , then 21 , of Warren County .
Jones told The Star-Ledger the finding was confirmed in March and the disciplinary process was ongoing . He did not say how long that process would take or identify the troopers .
Two sources with knowledge of the case , who requested anonymity because they were not allowed to discuss personnel matters , told The Star-Ledger the troopers involved were Staff Sgt . Richard Wambold Jr. and Trooper Keith Juckett .
No criminal charges have been filed against Wambold or Juckett and they remain on duty . Bayliss has sued the State Police for damages in federal court .
The State Police 's admission came after The Star-Ledger said it planned to publish new details of the incident and a State Police video captured by a camera inside a patrol car . The story and the video , which had never before been made public , were published June 3 .
Three days later , Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa said the case took too long to investigate and changes had already been made within his office , which oversees the State Police , to hasten reviews of internal investigations involving allegations against troopers .
The video of the incident shows Bayliss standing against his car as Wambold frisks him during a traffic stop in Mansfield Township . Seconds later , after what appears to be a slight movement , the video shows Wambold fling Bayliss to the ground and punch him several times in the face .
An eyewitness in a nearby house said in a sworn deposition taken in April that she watched from her window as two troopers , later identified as Wambold and Juckett , then dragged a limp , handcuffed Bayliss toward a parked patrol car and rammed his head against a tire .
Related coverage :
• N.J. AG : Probe into state police troopers ' beating of mentally disabled man was overdue
• State Police beating of disabled man condemned by ACLU , lawmaker
• Mark in the Morning : State troopers take it too far in beating down handcuffed man
• Three years later , State Police admit to using unreasonable force on N.J. man 's disabled son
Magnetic By Nature is platforming without platforms : a fast-paced , single-player , 2D adventure mixing fluid motion , split-second decision making , machine-age visuals , and a dynamic soundscape . Unique magnet physics propel the player from one challenge to the next . Point One , the last remaining robot , must journey through dangerous caverns and forgotten ruins to reactivate friends damaged in a magnetic cataclysm .
Featuring :
• physics-based puzzles action
• cross platform leaderboards
• 120+ levels , including unlockable challenges and hidden bonus rounds !
• 100+ optional collectibles requiring greater skill
• 2 unlockable Speedrun play modes
• 9 types of magnets
• 2 types of magnetic force fields
Accolades :
• 2014 Indie Mix Featured Game
• Best Developed Game And Audience Choice Award - 2013 Utah Game Wars
• Soundtrack featured in Loudr 's Game Music Bundle # 7
• `` Magnetic By Nature delivers an unforgettable experience '' - Hardcore Gamer
The saga over Houston 's red light cameras is not finished . A judge has ordered the cameras stay in place -- for now . But in the battle over thousands of dollars , you could be paying in the future . Voters chose to do away with the red light cameras in the election earlier this month . But the fight between the city of Houston and the company that makes the cameras is being taken to court .
These cameras may not only stay up , our legal analyst says this federal lawsuit means they could be turned back on -- sooner than you think .
On November 15 , we told you the city of Houston filed a federal lawsuit against American Traffic Solutions , the red light company vendor . Three days ago , ATS , filed a counterclaim , saying the city broke its contract and that the election is invalid .
`` If the court rules in favor of the red light contractor , we may have these red light cameras up and running again . That 's why the court did n't ask they be taken down , '' KTRK Legal Analyst Joel Androphy said . `` The court issued an injunction , saying do n't take these cameras down until I determine whether or not this referendum was constitutional and whether or not these contracts can be challenged . ''
The city entered its contract with phoenix-based ATS in 2006 . Their deal was supposed to extend into the year 2014 with an out providing 120-day notice . But when Houston citizens petitioned to get the red light camera issue on the November ballot , then voted them down , the city was forced into a corner -- listen to voters and get rid of the cameras or break its contract and pay ATS the remainder .
`` The city does n't want to have to pay damages , so this could be a concerted effort on the part of the city with the contractor to avoid shutting down these cameras , '' Androphy said .
ATS claims the city broke the law when it allowed Proposition 3 to be placed on the ballot and even violated the US Constitution when it adopted a law that went against a pre-existing contract .
`` Bottom line is that these red light cameras may be up and running again , '' Androphy said .
From out of town , leaders opposing red light cameras call the ordeal a political conspiracy and say invalidating the election would be best for everyone -- except Houston voters .
`` Do I think they conspired ? Absolutely . Do I think that they 're talking all the time ? Absolutely . Do I think it 's a friendly lawsuit ? Absolutely , '' said Paul Kubosh with Citizens against Red Light Cameras . `` I see the city and I see ATS both wanting the same thing , and that 's the election thrown out . ''
A judge has ordered the cameras stay up for now while all this is hammered out in court , but they will not record . And the judge is moving quickly . He ordered both sides , the city and ATS , to brief whether the referendum is in fact valid under city , state and federal law . That has to be done by Friday .
A hearing will follow , and the outcome will be key to learning whether these cameras will stay or go .
Did you see the new Avengers movie this weekend ? I saw it . It was cool . Was it a good movie ? I ca n't be sure . I 'm afraid that a lifetime spent obsessively reading comic books has left me unable to form a genuine opinion about the Marvel Cinematic Universe . I 'm just in awe of the fact that it even exists . When I was a little kid , I would have murdered someone for the chance to see a decent Spider-Man movie . And now we have like twelve of them .
Still , even though I sat in the theater and more or less enjoyed watching CGI interpretations of my childhood come to life on the big screen , I could n't entirely silence this nagging voice in the back of my head . It kept pestering me throughout the two-and-a-half-hour runtime , asking me questions like , “ Hey Rob , why does Ultron have lips ? ”
And I did n't have an answer . Ultron 's a robot , and in the comic books , he 's always portrayed as just having a straight line where his mouth would be , kind of like Iron Man 's suit . But for whatever reason , whereas Iron Man 's mouth is a stationary decorative device , in the movie , Ultron 's jaw is a fully functioning mouth .
Ultron should n't have lips , and yet whenever he talked , his lips mouthed out the words accordingly . I tried to let it slide , I really did n't want to be one of those comic book losers who ca n't even let himself enjoy a movie with like twelve superheroes on screen at the same time because he 's getting himself all bent out of shape over a stylistic decision to give Ultron lips .
I tried , but I could n't let it go . The voice in the back of my head got louder . It told me stuff like : that does n't even make sense . Because his mouth is made of metal , right ? And yet , when he 's moving his lips around , they 're just flexing and expressing as if they 're made of regular lips . How is that possible ? Are his lips made out of some sort of bendable material ? And behind the lips , look , you can see teeth . Why does Ultron need teeth ? I 'm guessing he does n't need to eat . Would n't it make more sense to assume that his robot voice is coming out of a speaker somewhere ?
And that voice , it was a terrible Ultron voice , nothing at all like the voice I heard in my head when I was reading Ultron as a little kid . They made him sound just like a Transformer , and that 's not a compliment . In fact , so much of the movie reeked of the Transformers franchise , the same grizzly robot voice , the same shiny robot CGI . Could n't they have designed something to make their robots a little bit more unique ?
It was n't just Ultron , either . Like what about the Scarlet Witch ? They introduce her by way of an overly scientific non-explanation of her powers . In the comics , her abilities are as simple as she can alter the probability of something happening . In this cinematic treatment , the Scarlet Witch could make things fly with her mind , she could force people to hallucinate , and toward the climactic fight scene , she was just hurling these red balls of energy at the bad guys . I 'm not looking for a hyper-realistic interpretation here , but maybe a little bit of consistency would have been nice .
And was she even called the Scarlet Witch ? I do n't think so . It 's like all of these characters , the Hulk , Quicksilver , it 's not like they 're ever officially named . They all have these names , because they all exist in the comic books . But the names are kind of cheesy . They make sense because they 've been around since the 1960s , and there 's no easy way to make those names feel natural in a modern movie . Just take a look at The Vision , Ultron 's robotic progeny . He emerges from his birthing cocoon , and it 's not like there 's any discussion . “ Hello , my name is The Vision. ” No , they just kind of allude to it , in a nod to comic fandom , they slip the word “ vision ” in a sentence upon his arrival , then by the end of the movie , they 're all just calling him The Vision , as if some sort of naming committee took place off screen .
I 'm being super petty . Maybe that would be my superpower if I were an Avenger : the power to watch his childhood come alive on the big screen and still walk away somewhat disappointed . No , that 's it , no more complaining for me . Marvel , you can do whatever you want from now on , and I wo n't say a thing . Keep on doing what you 're doing . I ca n't wait to see Ant-Man in July .
Gen. Mark Milley answers questions at his confirmation hearing to be Chief of Staff of the Army at the Senate Armed Services Committee on July 21 , 2015 .
Gen. Mark Milley , Obama 's nominee to become Army chief of staff , says measures are being taken to protect recruiters , like the ones targeted in last week 's attack .
If legal hurdles are removed , the general nominated by President Barack Obama to lead the Army said he would support arming soldiers at recruiting stations .
Gen. Mark Milley , the current head of Army Forces Command , spoke just days after the Pentagon ordered military recruiting centers across the country to step up their security following the shooting deaths of four Marines and one sailor in Chattanooga , Tennessee , last week .
“ I think under certain conditions , both on military bases and in out stations – recruiting stations , reserve centers – that we should seriously consider it , ” Milley said at his Senate confirmation hearing Tuesday . “ In some cases , I think it 's appropriate . ”
Gen. Raymond Odierno , the retiring Army chief of staff , told Fox News that the Army is considering whether to arm recruiters if the legal restrictions are lifted . He also said he opposes arming all soldiers on all military bases . “ That I have a problem with , ” he said .
Milley said there are “ a variety of both active and passive ” measures that can be taken to protect recruiting centers , such as installing bulletproof glass and increasing law enforcement patrols .
“ As far as arming recruiters go , I think that 's complicated legally , ” he said .
Lawmakers are looking to craft legislation that would allow troops to carry weapons on military installations .
“ Long before the Chattanooga attack , we had been working to clarify a post commander 's authority to allow carrying of personal firearms , ” Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , and Rep. Mac Thornberry , R-Texas , chairmen of the Senate and House Armed Services Committees , said in a joint statement last week .
“ Together , we will direct the Pentagon to end the disconnect between the threats our warfighters and their families face and the tools they have to defend themselves , ” they said .
Rio Olympics 2016 are underway with all its glory and controversies . Athletes from around 200 countries will be fighting it out for medals in 26 sports . Have you ever wondered what is at stake for medal winners ? “ DO Olympic medalists receive cash prizes along with the medals ? ” Well , in most of the cases yes but the athletes do n't receive any prize money from Olympics committee but its their national Olympic federation who award prizes which are disclosed before the tournament . Lets take a look at cash prizes awarded by different federations .
So the cash prize awarded to athletes are different from country to country and the usual big guns like the United States only offer around $ 25,000 for winning the gold , $ 15,000 for silver and $ 10,000 for Bronze while Azerbaijan award $ 510,000 to the winner of gold , $ 255,000 for silver and $ 130,000 for bronze .
But you have to take into account that athletes who win Gold for the USA , UK , Australia etc can hit a jackpot in terms of endorsement deals which can be much more cash rewarding compared to just the one off payment . Before we explain which federations pay the most we take a look at how much the Olympic medals are worth ?
Value of Summer Olympics Medals :
Gold : $ 600 ( The gold medal consist of just 1 % of actual gold , 92.5 % silver and 6.16 % copper ) . Silver : $ 325 ( While in silver medal , the gold is replaced by more copper rest meterial is the same as gold medal ) Bronze : $ 3 ( Bronze medal however is 97 % copper and 2.5 % zinc and 0.5 % tin )
Thats the actual worth of raw material used in the medal but of course if athletes were to sell/auction their medals they will get alot more than just the face value of material . See Also : All-Time Olympics Medal Table
Cash Money Rewards for Olympic Medalists :
Like we mentioned before Olympic medalists do get cash rewards from almost all the the national olympic federations and here are some of the highest paying federations in oympics . Most of the countries award lump sum payments but some countries like the Philippines and Thailand award cash prized which are staple income over 20 years . Only a handful of countries ward cash prized to silver and bronze medalists while most federations only award prized for gold winners .
Members of Washington 's congressional delegation are reacting to the shooting at a Virginia baseball field that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and his aides injured .
RELATED : Top House GOP leader shot at congressional baseball practice
Representative Dave Reichert ( R-Auburn ) told Seattle 's Morning News that he was shocked by the news , but relieved that none of the victim 's injuries appeared to be fatal Wednesday morning .
“ I would hate to see us finally get to a point where we have to surround members of Congress with security guards , ” he added .
You can listen to the entire interview with Rep. Reichert here .
Rep. Dave Reichert
Praying for the quick & full recovery of my friend & colleague @ SteveScalise & those injured this morning . — Dave Reichert ( @ davereichert ) June 14 , 2017
Sen. Maria Cantwell
My thoughts are with Rep. Scalise , @ CapitolPolice , their families & those injured this morning , praying for everyone 's safety & recovery . — Sen. Maria Cantwell ( @ SenatorCantwell ) June 14 , 2017
Rep. Suzan DelBene
My prayers are with Rep. Steve Scalise , Capitol Police and staffers shot in a heinous attack this morning . — Rep. Suzan DelBene ( @ RepDelBene ) June 14 , 2017
Rep. Jaime Herrera Beutler
Praying for @ SteveScalise his aides & Capitol Police affected by the tragic shooting this morning . — JaimeHerreraBeutler ( @ HerreraBeutler ) June 14 , 2017
Rep. Dan Newhouse
Praying for my friend @ SteveScalise , Capitol Police officers , and everyone affected by this morning 's shooting . — Rep Dan Newhouse ( @ RepNewhouse ) June 14 , 2017
Sen. Patty Murray
My thoughts are w/ Congressman Scalise & others injured in this attack , esp the Capitol Police officers who put themselves in harm 's way . — Senator Patty Murray ( @ PattyMurray ) June 14 , 2017
Rep. Pramila Jayapal
Horrifying . Thoughts and prayers with @ SteveScalise & all others who were injured & there . https : //t.co/GI3llTg5jd — Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( @ RepJayapal ) June 14 , 2017
And :
Deep gratitude for the bravery and dedication of @ CapitolPolice officers , who were injured but still protecting . Prayers for full recovery . — Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( @ RepJayapal ) June 14 , 2017
The shooting occurred at a park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia , where lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice . The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out . At least 50 shots are believed to have been fired during the resulting chaos .
The gunman has been taken into custody .
By By Chris Hogg Aug 13 , 2008 in Business According to a government study released yesterday , the majority of U.S. and foreign companies doing business in America avoid paying federal income tax . The companies might pull in trillions of dollars worth of sales , but they do n't pay out . Digital Journal -- The In that same time period , about 57 per cent of foreign-controlled corporations ( FCCs ) and 42 per cent of U.S.-controlled corporations ( USCCs ) reported no tax liability in two or more years ; and 34 per cent of FCCs and 24 per cent of USCCs reported no tax liability for at least half the study period , or four or more years . In 2005 , almost 67 per cent of 1.9 million American corporations paid no federal income tax . The report says corporations can legally avoid paying tax if they have no income , or no net income after expenses . Most companies that avoided paying tax in 2005 had more deductions than income . The report does not name any corporations , but says 3,500 were considered large companies with at least $ 250 million in assets . About one-quarter of the largest U.S. companies paid no federal income tax in 2005 , despite the fact they pulled in $ 1.1 trillion in gross revenue . From 1998 to 2005 , sales in the U.S. accounted for $ 2.5 trillion in revenue . The U.S. budget deficit is projected to hit a record $ 486 billion next year and lawmakers are `` It 's shameful that so many corporations make big profits and pay nothing to support our country . The tax system that allows this wholesale tax avoidance is an embarrassment and unfair to hardworking Americans who pay their fair share of taxes . '' The 37-page report ( opens in PDF ) , Update : Aug 18 , 2008 According to ... while it is true that 60 percent to 70 percent of companies in the study paid no tax in a given year , there was a big qualification . The study focused on an Internal Revenue Service tax database that included millions and millions of companies . The vast majority of firms in the study were tiny mom- and-pop enterprises . Why did the tiny mom-and-pop enterprises pay no taxes ? Because they did n't make any money ! The study reported that was the reason about 80 percent of the firms in the sample avoided taxes in a given year Hassett continues : Democratic politicians misused and misrepresented the results of this modest GAO study to bash America 's corporations and call for sweeping `` reforms . '' If they do so in response to this minor document , one can only conclude that they will do so on the flimsiest of excuses . Leaders of the Democratic Party are so eager to portray American business as villainous that they will twist and distort facts in order justify even more punitive taxes than we already have . Digital Journal -- The Government Accountability Office in the U.S. says 57 per cent of all U.S. companies operating in the country , and 72 per cent of all foreign businesses doing business in America , paid no federal income tax for at least one year between 1998 and 2005.In that same time period , about 57 per cent of foreign-controlled corporations ( FCCs ) and 42 per cent of U.S.-controlled corporations ( USCCs ) reported no tax liability in two or more years ; and 34 per cent of FCCs and 24 per cent of USCCs reported no tax liability for at least half the study period , or four or more years.In 2005 , almost 67 per cent of 1.9 million American corporations paid no federal income tax.The report says corporations can legally avoid paying tax if they have no income , or no net income after expenses . Most companies that avoided paying tax in 2005 had more deductions than income.The report does not name any corporations , but says 3,500 were considered large companies with at least $ 250 million in assets . About one-quarter of the largest U.S. companies paid no federal income tax in 2005 , despite the fact they pulled in $ 1.1 trillion in gross revenue.From 1998 to 2005 , sales in the U.S. accounted for $ 2.5 trillion in revenue . The U.S. budget deficit is projected to hit a record $ 486 billion next year and lawmakers are reportedly looking to close these tax holes to generate more revenue . According to Tax-News.com , U.S . Senator Byron Dorgan ( D-N.D ) said : The 37-page report ( opens in PDF ) , can be found here According to an opinion article in Bloomberg News , this study is deceiving and plays right into the hands of Democrats wishing to blame America 's money problems on businesses . As Bloomberg 's Kevin Hassett writes : Hassett continues : More about Corporations , Income tax , America More news from corporations income tax america
Japan : first report of radioactive contamination in rice
Agricultural inspectors in Japan 's Ibaraki Prefecture have detected small amounts of radioactive cesium in a sample of rice farmed in Hokota city , about 100 miles south of Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . The prefectural government posted readings here , says the rice is safe : 52 becquerels per kilogram , or 1/10 the limit established for grain .
This news follows earlier disclosures that radioactive contamination has been detected in beef , milk , and other agricultural products from throughout the country . But no one food staple is more central to Japanese culture , diet , and identity than rice , and this news comes as fears grow about whether the 2011 harvest will be safe .
More : WSJ , NYT , and an op-ed in Daily Yomiuri calling for steps to secure the safety of Japan 's national food staple . ( Via Steve Herman )
( Image courtesy of the Ibaraki prefecture government website . )
It 's a fortnight since Carlton opened its membership account for 2015 and the tally has just ticked over 1100 . The Blues will be aiming to top 50,000 members next season – but Carlton 's new CEO says while membership is vital , the number itself should n't be the focus .
Instead , new Blues chief Steven Trigg says his focus for next season will be re-engaging with supporters in a meaningful way .
“ Membership is really important there 's no doubt about that – it is the lifeblood of the Club , ” Trigg said .
“ But I 've this view that across the competition we 've got really hung up about the membership number , just as a raw number , and yes we want Carlton 's to be higher – obviously .
“ ( But ) by and large the fixture gives us an opportunity to get people to the games , and instead of being hung up on the membership number , I 'm really keen for us to have an absolute number one priority of driving attendance , because that 's the time we can best engage with Carlton supporters . ”
( function ( ) { var po = document.createElement ( `` script '' ) ; po.type = `` text/javascript '' ; po.async = true ; po.src = `` https : //d15mj6e6qmt1na.cloudfront.net/cdn/embed.js '' ; var s = document.getElementsByTagName ( `` script '' ) [ 0 ] ; s.parentNode.insertBefore ( po , s ) ; } ) ( ) ;
The AFL unveiled its 2015 fixture yesterday and Carlton 's family-friendly draw has been met with enthusiasm . Trigg says he wants to seize on the favourable fixture and create an overall greater match-day experience .
“ The fixture gives us an opportunity to do that , and so a lot of our impetus , a lot of our emphasis , is going to be on “ come on , get along to the game , ' ” he said .
“ When we get there , hopefully on field we can put on a decent show , but around what we do there I would like us to go up through the gears and make it a much better experience once you 're there . ”
To be part of Carlton 's journey in 2015 sign up for Carlton membership today . Call 1300 CARLTON or visit membership.carltonfc.com.au
I 've written many critical things of the Ouya , a $ 99 Android-based video game console that was funded on Kickstarter in 2012 .
Back when Ouya was all the buzz , generating hype alongside millions in cash from both Kickstarter backers and VC funding , I could n't quite decipher what the point really was . A console that plays mobile games on your TV ? With a controller ?
How would that ever drum up the installation base necessary to lure developers away from the much more lucrative mobile business ? How would anyone really make money on this , when gamers typically play mobile games on their mobile phones and tablets , and full-fledged console games on traditional consoles ?
Well , early reviews for the system were far from stellar , and game developers reported that for all their effort , it was pretty much impossible to make any money . The promised hackability of the Ouya did n't do much for it , either -- -and neither did various emulators that played , among other things , old Nintendo games .
And so the buzz died down and the hype went on leave , and now the Ouya -- -as a hardware unit -- -is going the way of the Dodo .
Instead , Ouya aims to become a software platform , designed to bring Android games directly to TVs and set-top boxes .
`` What makes Ouya is not the physical hardware , but the fact that it is made for games built for a TV , '' Ouya founder Julie Uhrman told The Verge .
Here 's The Verge 's Sean Hollister , originally an Ouya optimist :
`` What is Ouya without its hardware ? It 's not a console anymore : it 's a subset of the Android operating system that will necessarily have fewer games , due to its smaller install base and extra hurdles , than Android as a whole — only without the previous benefits of a single hardware platform for developers to target . You might liken Ouya to Netflix or Amazon 's Kindle in its attempt to spread throughout the hardware landscape , but the technical requirements to read books or play movies are well satisfied by any device on the market , while games attempting to satisfy a console gamer are chasing a moving target . Originally , Ouya planned to upgrade its microconsole every year with the latest chips , but people rarely replace their television anywhere near that quickly . It 's not clear why game developers would build Android games for a fragmented Ouya instead of Android , period . ''
Indeed . And while it 's perfectly reasonable for the Ouya team to adapt and respond to the market hurdles they face , this does underscore the problems with crowd-funding hardware platforms , and with the crowd getting too drawn into the hype for a product long before it 's been reviewed , tested , or even fully designed and built .
To be perfectly honest , while I never actively hoped that the Ouya would fail , I did n't see it as a bastion of gamer freedom and nostalgia . Rather , the promise of `` free-to-play '' everything on a mobile platform strapped to the TV struck me as a step in the wrong direction for video games . Perhaps I 'm too much the traditionalist .
Then again , the incredible success of the PS4 illustrates that a demand for traditional gaming consoles still very much exists . Traditional consoles with evolving price and revenue models , for sure , but still largely following the pay-to-play model ( plus DLC , expansions , etc . )
So what is the future of a video game console ? That 's impossible to predict . I suspect digital distribution will continue to grow . Someday down the line services like PlayStation Now and other cloud-based gaming will come into their own , though it will likely be years before that 's feasible .
Our conception of a console will certainly change . And perhaps Ouya , OnLive , and other similar ventures are simply ahead of their time . We shall see .
I have similar doubts about Valve 's Steam Machines , the nVidia SHIELD , and really any other claims of radically disrupting the video game industry overnight .
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook . Read my Forbes blog here .
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement British forces could begin pulling out of Iraq by next March , a senior defence source has revealed to the BBC . The UK has been negotiating the legal basis on which its forces can stay when its UN mandate expires at the end of the year . It still has 4,100 troops in Basra but defence chiefs plan a withdrawal over the next year if Iraqi elections in January pass off peacefully . A withdrawal could allow soldiers to be diverted to Afghanistan . Prime Minister Gordon Brown has indicated that almost all British troops should leave Iraq by the middle of next year , with a few hundred possibly remaining to train Iraqi security forces . Previously it had been suggested that troops could start leaving in January . However , the BBC has learned that the process is likely to begin in March - six years after the US-led invasion . 'Significant progress ' A Ministry of Defence spokeswoman said : `` Significant progress has been made in Basra , a city which has now been transformed thanks to Iraqi , coalition and British efforts . Some troops could eventually be redeployed to Afghanistan `` As such , we are now expecting to see a fundamental change of mission in early 2009 . '' The majority of the British troops are confined to Basra air base . The Iraqi parliament may have to vote on any deal to allow British troops to remain in the country beyond the end of the year . It recently agreed a similar deal which allows American forces to remain in Iraq for another three years . US troops are due to pull out of Iraqi cities by the middle of next year , and be gone completely by December 2011 . The US is planning to boost the strength of its force in Afghanistan in the new year and is hoping its Nato allies follow suit . BBC defence correspondent Caroline Wyatt said the withdrawal of British troops from Iraq `` should allow a renewed focus on the multi-national mission in Afghanistan , which is facing a stalemate '' . She said it would free up helicopters , intelligence assets and eventually troops for the battle against the Taleban .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Local man shamed for finishing last in fantasy football league Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved The sign says it all for John Zarse who finished last in his fantasy football league . [ + - ] Video
FORT WAYNE , Ind . ( WANE ) - For fantasy football players , they all know there are highs and lows throughout the season .
The high ... a championship .
The low , well ... just ask John Zarse .
Zarse finished dead last in his fantasy football league this season . The stipulations in the league are the winner gets to pick what the loser gets as a `` consolation prize . '' And Zarse got a public shaming .
On Sunday afternoon , Zarse stood at one of Fort Wayne 's busiest intersections in a football onsie and a sign .
The sign read , `` I am the worst at fantasy football . ''
Zarse stood at Coldwater Road and Coliseum Boulevard taking his lumps and letting everyone know how his season went .
`` You know , it was just a tough year for me , '' Zarse told NewsChannel 15 . ''
He drafted Andrew Luck , the Colts quarterback who missed several games due to an injury .
The irony of the whole situation is Zarse was champion last season .
Freedom-minded PayPal founder Peter Thiel has revealed himself to be a Batman of sorts . He was the secret source of cash behind Hulk Hogan 's lawsuit against Gawker media , and had in fact been covertly pouring millions into legal efforts against the media empire for years . The hero Silicon Valley needed .
Thiel described his actions as a form of philanthropy , a description that many of Gawker 's victims would no doubt share . The site made a habit of egregious , unecessary violations of everyone from former Alaska governor Sarah Palin to Conde Naste CFO David Geithner , brother of an Obama Treasury Secretary .
Naturally , progressive web journalists are n't taking news of Thiel 's secret war well . They think it 's a threat to press freedom . “ Even Gawker haters should fear the strategy Peter Thiel is using to destroy Gawker ” worried Vox , another progressive blogging empire whose political stances often mirrored Gawker 's . WIRED worried about chilling effects .
“ As a libertarian , Thiel should support free speech , ” complained Salon .
It 's a specious line of argument from supremely butthurt journalists upset that , with Gawker 's decline , the golden age of left-wing public shaming is over .
You see , for a long time in the first half of the 2010s , the primary threat to free speech on the internet was Gawker . Whenever someone considered making an un-PC joke , or antagonizing a feminist on social media , or criticizing the hot left-wing hashtag of the moment , they paused and considered whether a bored Gawker writer might turn them into a headline .
Thiel did n't create a chilling effect . He ended one . Only those who live in the same left-wing media bubble as Gawker – i.e , Vox and WIRED writers – could possibly think otherwise .
Even more absurd are the pearl-clutching columnists suggesting Thiel is now a liability to Facebook . Regular Guardian contributor Dan Gillmor said that if Facebook , which recently faced national controversy over alleged bias against conservatives , kept the famously libertarian Thiel on its board of directors then it would imply the company is n't committed to a free press .
If Facebook keeps Thiel on its board we 'll know a lot more about Zuckerberg 's beliefs regarding freedom of the press . — Dan Gillmor ( @ dangillmor ) May 26 , 2016
Gillmor followed up in a column for Slate , headlined “ Mark Zuckerberg Needs To Dump Peter Thiel From The Facebook Board Of Directors . '
I 'm almost hoping that Thiel is removed from the board , or , better , resigns himself . As perhaps the only man left on the board who is keeping Facebook honest , his departure would only hasten the company 's demise . And what would he care ? He 'd still be rich , and the Gawkers of the world would still tremble .
With the revelation of Thiel 's actions , it 's now almost certain that Peter Thiel was the only non-cucked attendee of the photo-op meeting Facebook held last Wednesday , with the likes of Glenn Beck and S.E Cupp , to counter allegations that it was biased against conservatives . It must have been difficult for Thiel , being perhaps the only principled ( and , as we now know , effective ) libertarian right-winger in the room .
Indeed , I 'm not sure why Thiel is still at the company , given that he has to surround himself with figures like Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg , who are either bonkers , incompetent , or both . ( Both is more likely — really , have you seen Sandberg 's Harvard thesis ? ) .
Facebook needs Thiel – the only man who leans to the right in a company hopelessly biased against the right . But they 're not the only ones . It seems that all of Silicon Valley , and indeed , all of the internet needed Peter Thiel . With his lawsuit , he has perhaps done more than any man to liberate social media from the terror of left-wing public shaming that prevailed in the golden age of Gawker . Indeed , nothing underscores the end of the reign of Gawker more than the rise of the alternative right , who can not even be shamed by conservative media .
A new age of free speech prevails on social media , and we owe it in no small part to Peter Thiel . I personally ca n't wait for the Marvel adaptation .
Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @ Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo @ breitbart.com .
How Did This Get Made ? # 117.5
A long awaited fan favorite will finally be covered on next week 's episode ! This week Paul goes through Corrections and Omissions for Theodore Rex , expertly describes why Nic Cage would make Theodore Rex better , and shares which celebrity animal he would be as he answers your Qs !
People of the internet : A while ago , Paul and Rob Huebel did a comedy special on a 60 foot glass bus that traveled around LA and now you 'll be able to see it . Go to vim.io/crashtestpaul now to buy it !
The Hotwives ( Casey Wilson , Danielle Schneider , Andrea Savage , Dannah Phirman , Tymberlee Hill , Angela Kinsey , Erinn Hayes ) are back and this time they are in Vegas baby ! The Hotwives of Las Vegas is coming to Hulu on Tuesday , August 18th !
Also , check out June in Grace and Frankie available on Netflix , Paul in Wet Hot American Summer : First Day of Camp on Netflix , all the episodes of NTSF : SD : SUV : : on HULU for free , ScheeRL on YouTube here : https : //www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=PLbNGyZuMGBm0cq73JN-QhcpQNc-Shtlb7 , and Jason in The Dictator ( he 's still in it ! ) .
The price collapse of “ black gold ” locked Nigerians into their economy . Now , “ digital gold ” is providing some Nigerians with a way out .
Only three years ago , crude oil cost over $ 100 a barrel . But that peak came tumbling down . Throughout 2014 and 2015 , oil prices took an almost unprecedented plunge to the $ 30 range , and is currently trading around $ 50 a barrel . As the lifeblood of Africa 's largest economy , Nigerian income from exports plunged with it .
Faced with dwindling foreign currency reserves , Nigeria 's central bank was quick to impose capital controls . Whole industries were banned from importing goods ; the Nigerian president wanted businesses to buy their products from domestic suppliers . Instead , this policy led to widespread shortages of raw materials , machine parts and supermarket products . Additionally , foreign currency–denominated Nigerian bank cards had strict spending limits imposed , preventing Nigerians from shopping abroad or paying overseas school fees .
Nigeria initially refused to devalue its currency , the naira ( NGN ) , which was pegged to the U.S. dollar . However , that led to black market rates for U.S. dollars , increasing to levels almost double that of the official figures . As of June 2016 , the naira exchange rate was finally allowed to float . As a result , the national currency fell by about 40 over the last year , according to official figures .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , Bitcoin is gaining ground .
Tim Akinbo is a 35-year-old software developer and Bitcoin enthusiast from Nigeria , and the only person in West Africa running a full node .
“ There 's been quite some interest in bitcoin use in Nigeria recently , ” he told Bitcoin Magazine . “ It 's definitely growing . The devaluation of the national currency is an obvious reason , as bitcoin serves as a hedge in that respect . But companies have also started to use bitcoin for imports . Either through companies like BitPesa , or individually . And Nigerians in the diaspora also increasingly use bitcoin to send money to their family and friends at home . ”
This observation is perhaps best reflected in the increase in Nigerian trading volume on LocalBitcoins.com . This has regularly topped 400 million NGN ( $ 1.2 million ) per week , more than the entire eurozone combined . Moreover , the bitcoin exchange rate even reached some 500,000 NGN ( $ 1,600 ) on Nigerian exchanges recently ; similar premiums were previously seen in other countries faced with capital controls or monetary woes , like China and India .
Other figures show similar trends . Of all countries , Nigeria tops the Google trend charts for most “ Bitcoin ” searches . Asked by Bitcoin Magazine , several wallet providers — including Mycelium , Bitcoin Wallet , Breadwallet and BTC.com — reported significant relative growth in downloads from the African country : new installations in some cases increased around 2000 % since October . And as another indicator of success , Africa-focused Bitcoin startup BitPesa secured a $ 2.5 million funding round from leading venture capital firms only last week .
Alejandro De La Torre is the business development manager for Bitcoin wallet provider BTC.com , and speaking to Bitcoin Magazine he confirmed this sentiment .
“ Wallet downloads from Nigeria were only topped by the United States and India . For a developing country that 's not known to be very tech savvy , with relative high illiteracy , and that has fewer inhabitants than countries like China , Indonesia or Brazil , that had us very surprised , ” De La Torre told Bitcoin Magazine . “ We 're now in the process of setting up a meetup in Lagos , which already has 130 members signed up in three weeks . I think Bitcoin interest in Nigeria is growing exponentially . ”
The MMM Ponzi Scheme
Though , it seems there 's also a significantly more depressing explanation for the Bitcoin surge .
Unfortunately , a largely illiterate populace hit with an economic downturn proved a fertile breeding ground for large-scale Ponzi schemes . The most famous of these , MMM , swept through several African countries over the past couple of years , including South Africa , Zimbabwe and — indeed — Nigeria . Similar , perhaps even bigger schemes , have been “ successful ” in Nigeria , too .
“ People were promised incredible returns on their investment if they 'd put their money in these pyramid schemes , ” Akinbo said . “ And a couple months ago , some of these schemes introduced the option to fund and receive payments with bitcoin . Unfortunately — or fortunately depending on how you see it — a number of these schemes went bust toward the end of the year . A lot of people lost money in these schemes , and the few Ponzis that survived are n't doing so well . ”
Perhaps unsurprisingly , financial regulators in Nigeria have started to take note as well . In a letter from the Nigerian central bank , addressed at financial institutions and virtual currency operations , bitcoin is listed in one breath with MLM scheme OneCoin . The central bank warned it may “ address the Money Laundering / Terrorism Financing ( ML/TF ) risks associated with [ digital currency ] exchanges , ” in order to “ protect the integrity of the Nigerian financial system . ”
Regardless , Akinbo remains optimistic .
“ While these Ponzi schemes were bad news , they did expose many Nigerians to bitcoin for the first time . Bitcoin took a slight dip in trading volume and price but surprisingly continued to trade even after the demise of a number of the major schemes . I think we will see these Ponzi schemes disappear over time , while bitcoin might just stick around … ”
Complaints seem to be growing among some users that Windows Phone 7 is consuming an abnormally plump quantity of data when you 're not doing anything . Granted , there 's lots of stuff on the platform that might need data continuously -- email accounts and live tiles , for example -- but folks are reporting consumption measuring in multiple megabytes per hour , which can add up pretty quickly : 2MB per hour over a month is nearly 1.5GB , which can be a bummer for anyone with a 2GB data plan . The real issue , though , is that at least some of the data seems to be ignoring available WiFi networks and choosing 3G instead , so there 's no great way to definitively avoid the leak even when you 're in the comfortable confines of your own home . Our money -- our hopeful money , that is -- is on this being fixed in Microsoft 's first big update that should be coming any day now , but in the meantime , users look to be getting at least some relief by setting mail accounts to manual update and turning off location services . Anyone out there sees this ?
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Spread the love
Pasadena , CA — Body camera and bystander video footage have just been released prompting backlash against the Pasadena police department by residents and civil rights groups who called the police officers ' actions “ reprehensible ” and “ inhumane. ” A man 's window tint nearly got him killed by police .
The incident took place in November after police pulled 21-year-old Christopher Ballew over for the victimless “ crime ” of dark windows and a missing front license plate . Bellew pulled into a gas station where police followed him in and began their extortion process .
During the stop , police began to rough Ballew up after he failed to immediately give officers his hands to be placed in handcuffs for the horrifying crime of dark window tint .
Because Ballew failed to immediately comply , police then escalated to extremely violent force and began beating him with batons and fists .
As Ballew tried to protect himself by blocking their baton blows and fists flying at his face , the officers perceived this as “ resisting arrest ” and so more force was applied .
At one point in the video , Ballew grabbed the officer 's baton prompting even more violence . Police continue to beat Ballew even after he is face down on the ground . The officers apparently thought that Ballew covering his head to protect it from the fists was a threat so they continued beating him .
He was beaten so badly that he had to be rushed to the hospital . Ballew suffered multiple lacerations to his face and head and he was hit so hard with the baton that it broke his leg .
Ballew was subsequently arrested and charged with felony resisting .
“ It was just in the interest of transparency and for people to understand police procedures and just the overall interest in what actually occurred during this incident , ” Pasadena PIO William Boyer said .
“ Currently , the whole incident is under review , so there is no timeline for how long that will take . There is no conclusion right now , ” Boyer said .
Pasadena City Manager Steve Mermell said “ while the City is not obligated or required to release such the recordings , [ … ] I believe doing so is in the best interest of the City and that of the public , ” the local CBS affiliate reported .
“ To hear my son crying out in pain , and to see the officer beating him as he lay on the ground helpless , ” his mother Sonya Ballew said , “ I 'm completely appalled . I 'm not sure what the reason for the violence was , but I can make a lot of assumptions about what I saw based on that video . ”
His mother called on the City Council to weed out bad officers who “ do not represent the core values that I believe Pasadena stands for , ” according to the Pasadena Star .
Proving the entirely unnecessary nature and violence of this stop , according to the Star , after his arrest , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office declined to file charges against Ballew , citing a lack of evidence .
Although the department claims to be investigating the incident , neither of the two unnamed officers have been suspended and currently remain on active duty . Citizens of Pasadena be warned .
Below is a video showing that in the land of the free , you can and will be horrifically beaten , kidnapped and caged if you disagree with being extorted over the darkness of your window tint .
While ballistic missile developments in Iran , North Korea , India and China are capturing the headlines , strategic forces of the world 's two superpowers undergoing profound changes and modernization . This article highlights new developments in the Russian Strategic Missile Force ( RVSN ) , a follow-on article will overview the evolution of the US missile defense capabilities and the status of their strategic forces , under the New START treaty . For consistency , this article will refer to all missiles by their NATO designations , and , where such designation is unavailable – by the Russian designation . The article appearing on this page is an excerpt of the full version , available exclusively to Defense-Update subscribers .
To read the full version please log in or subscribe .
According to the biennial report stating the aggregate numbers of “ strategic offensive arms ” under the New START treaty , the US has the largest arsenal of nuclear warheads , with 1,688 deployed weapons , compared to the Russian arsenal of 1,400 deployed warheads . The US also has the largest fleet of nuclear carrying platforms – 809 , compared to 473 deployed by the Russians .
But the numbers do n't tell the whole story . While the US is maintaining and steadily reducing its inventory , to meet the treaty 's limits , the Russians strive to improve their arsenal with more capable weapons . According to open sources , the Russian Strategic Missile Forces currently operates at least 58 silo-based SS-18 Satan ballistic missiles , 160 road-mobile Topol ( SS-25 ) missile systems , 50 silo-based and 18 road-mobile Topol-M ( SS-27 ) systems , and 18 SS-29 Yars systems . At sea the Russians maintain eight Delta III/IV nuclear ballistic missile submarines remaining in service .
By 2020 , the RVSN is expected to convert all SS-25 and SS-19 missile units to the SS-27 and SS-29 , fielding eight divisions with a total inventory of over 170 mobile and silo-based SS-27 and 108 SS-29 silo-based missiles . The deployment of follow-on ICBM , the Yars-M and R-26 Rubezh , was expected in 2013 , but has n't officially announced yet . ( Read about the new missile : “ New ICBM Under Development in Russia “ )
Resulting from this plan , all liquid-propelled silo-based SS-19 Stiletto missiles will be decommissioned by 2017 , leaving only 30 SS-18 ( out of the current 58 ) . ( More on the new LP mega missiles : “ Return of the Russian Missile Trains “ )
Besides the missile force , the Russian strategic triad comprises submarine-launched missiles and strategic bombers , delivering air-launched nuclear weapons . The principal nuclear armed weapon to equip those platforms is the Kh55 cruise missile , and its latest variant – Kh-102 that has entered service in the 2000s . The Tu-95MS can carry eight such missiles , and the Tu-160 carries 12 on two rotary launchers . These bombers will eventually be replaced by the future bomber known as ‘ PAK-DA ' , under development by the Tupolev design bureau , that has won the development tender offering a subsonic , stealthy “ flying wing ” design . ( Read more in the article : “ Russian Air Force to Field a Stealth Bomber By 2020 “ )
The third part of the triad is a fleet of ballistic missile submarine force , carrying the SS-N-23 Submarine Launched ballistic Missile . This weapon has entered service in 2007 and is currently operational with three delta III and four Delta IV submarines in service with the Russian Navy . An improved version of this weapon is the R-29RMU2 Layner , introducing improved countermeasures , improving its capability to penetrate enemy missile defenses . Development of the new missile was completed in 2012 . The solid-propelled RSM-56 Bulava has yet to become operational , after repeated failures in flight testing . ( Read more on these missiles : “ Russian SSBN Fleet to Receive Improved R-29 Missiles “ )
A comprehensive review of the RVSN is available on Ausairpower.net .
Comparison of Current Russian Strategic ICBM
Maryland Gov . Larry Hogan , second from right , walks down a staircase in the Maryland State House to speak at a news conference following the Maryland legislative session in Annapolis , Md. , early Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 . ( Patrick Semansky/AP )
Maryland Gov . Larry Hogan , who has clashed with Democratic legislative leaders and struggled to get bills passed over the past two years , just finished his most successful legislative session since taking office in 2015 .
Hogan , a Republican who enjoys wide popularity in the deep-blue state , got his major win in his final legislative session before he gears up for reelection next year .
In the final hours of the 2017 legislative session , which ended Monday night , the General Assembly passed a jobs bill , offered by the governor , that provides tax breaks to manufacturing companies that locate in Baltimore and other economically depressed areas .
“ The passage of that manufacturing bill allows him to really continue on the economic- and job growth-centered message that put him in office , ” Mileah Kromer , a political scientist at Goucher College , said of the governor .
The General Assembly also passed an ethics bill , proposed by Hogan , that strengthens the state 's laws , and it rolled back new transportation-funding rules that Hogan said would force his administration to cancel plans for much-needed road and bridge projects .
Maryland Gov . Larry Hogan , center , sits between Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller , left , and House Speaker Michael Busch while signing a series of bills during a ceremony following the state 's legislative session in Annapolis , Md. , Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 . ( Patrick Semansky/AP )
House Speaker Michael E. Busch ( D-Anne Arundel ) said the passage of the ethics bill and other bipartisan legislation were symbolic of “ the working relationship ” between Democratic and Republican leaders this year .
“ I think it was a session we can all be proud of , ” he said .
But Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr. ( D-Montgomery ) , who is considering a run for governor in 2018 , offered a less-sanguine take on Democratic relations with the governor , saying the Hogan administration engaged with the legislature this year only “ on a handful of issues that are important ” to Hogan .
“ They were very engaged on the manufacturing bill , ” he said . “ They 're very engaged on the issues that he cares about . But he avoids getting his hands dirty on any issue that is n't adequately poll-tested in advance . ”
Along with several Democratic proposals , the legislature approved Hogan 's plan to stem the rising number of heroin overdoses . It also changed the definition of sex abuse in state law to include sexual trafficking of a child , part of an effort by the governor to address an increase in human trafficking .
“ It is , by far , the best session we 've ever had , ” Hogan said Monday night , hours before the legislature adjourned . “ We got more accomplished in the last 90 days than we did in the last two [ sessions ] added together . I 'm not sure it could have been more successful . ”
Hogan also failed on a number of bills he had prioritized . All these measures died in this session : an effort to establish a nonpartisan commission to draw the state 's voting boundaries , a measure to increase penalties for repeat drunk drivers and a bill that would have required employers with 50 or more workers to provide paid sick leave . Instead , the Democrats approved their own paid sick-leave bill , which calls for companies with 15 or more workers to provide the benefit .
During a bill signing Tuesday , Hogan repeatedly praised the “ hard work of these two gentlemen , ” referring to Busch and Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. ( D-Calvert ) .
For their part , Maryland Democrats focused much of their attention this session on another Republican : President Trump .
Several bills were aimed at defending Maryland against Trump policies on health care , immigration , consumer protections , education and the environment .
Democrats have repeatedly tried to tie Hogan to the less-popular Trump , often calling on him to publicly address Trump 's push to repeal the Affordable Care Act , cut funding for the Chesapeake Bay and ban Muslims from eight countries from entering the United States .
Hogan has largely remained silent , trying to distance himself from Trump and saying he is focused on state affairs .
Hogan refused to sign several anti-Trump bills the General Assembly sent to his desk two weeks ago , instead allowing the measures to become law without his signature . Those measures include a bill that provides funds for the state attorney general to sue the Trump administration ; a measure that requires the state to reimburse Planned Parenthood clinics if Congress cuts their funding , and bills to create commissions to study the impact of federal policies on health care and consumer protections .
Hogan took one of his most vocal positions on the Trust Act , a bill that would have prohibited state and local police from helping enforce federal immigration efforts by asking people about their immigration status .
It would have banned most Maryland jurisdictions from detaining undocumented people past their release date unless federal agents who want to deport them have a warrant or court order describing probable cause .
The measure passed the House but died in the Senate after Miller warned that “ Maryland is not going to become a sanctuary state . ”
Observers said Hogan can claim the death of the bill a victory .
“ He 's managed to go through this entire session and still not be painted by the Trump brush , ” said Todd Eberly , a political science professor at St. Mary 's College .
Still , Eberly said he thinks most Democrats were resigned during last session to think that Hogan would be reelected . After Trump 's election , he said , “ I 'm not so sure they think that now . ”
A recent poll by The Washington Post and the University of Maryland found that Hogan 's support for reelection lags far behind his 65 percent approval rating . About 41 percent of registered voters said they would support the governor for a second term ; 37 percent said they 'd prefer a Democrat .
The poll also found that Hogan could be vulnerable to an anti-Republican backlash . Former governor Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. , the state 's last Republican governor , lost to former governor Martin O'Malley ( D ) in 2006 despite his high poll ratings , in part because of an anti-Republican backlash .
Eberly said Democrats accomplished the goal to “ take on Trump ” but appeared to fall short linking Hogan to Trump .
“ It 's [ Hogan 's ] third session , and they are still trying to figure out how to take him on politically , ” Eberly said .
Josh Hicks contributed to this report .
Wake up , parents , to the fact that many public schools are indoctrinating your children .
`` The parents have got to wake up to the fact , '' says constitutional activist Donna Hearne , `` that their child is being indoctrinated in a way that is very destructive not only to what they probably believe in but also to the future of America . ''
Hearne , who heads the Missouri-based Constitutional Coalition , was reacting to a controversial high school assignment in Massachusetts , where Newtown High students pretended to be Muslims making their pilgrimage to Islam 's holy city of Mecca .
A second classroom assignment , Fox News reported , tells students to pretend to be a Muslim in the `` Islamic city '' of Jerusalem .
The Fox News story quotes a Judicial Watch investigator who said Newtown parents have been fighting the left-wing school district for years over the slanted pro-Islam school materials .
`` When you hear so much caterwauling from the Left about religion being mixed in the school , it 's a little troubling when kids are being asked to go on an imaginary Hajj , ” the investigator , Bill Marshall , told Fox News for its online story .
The ongoing fight between parents and left-wing school administrators is nothing new .
OneNewsNow reported in April how San Diego public schools vowed to address `` Islamaphobia '' by introducing Muslim holidays to the school calendar among other feel-good efforts .
In that April story and others , this news website has linked to a 2015 investigation by fact-checker Snopes , which was surprised to read the pro-Islam materials in a seventh grade geography textbook . Students are taught about the `` glory days '' of Islam while Christianity is about `` harming their neighbors and attempting to quash science , '' Snopes reported at the time .
One important detail about an imagined trip to Mecca , Hearne tells OneNewsNow , is that only Muslims are permitted in Mecca .
So it would be likely , she adds , that these same students would be considered Muslim converts if they named the five pillars of Islam and recited the `` shahada '' - the Muslim profession of faith .
Corruption is a curse . It stunts development , breeds conflict in fragile states , makes taxpayers in rich countries dubious about providing aid to poor countries , and gives crooked firms an advantage over those that play by the rules .
Governments have become less tolerant of dirty business dealings over time , as Rolls-Royce has found to its cost . The aerospace company – one of the UK 's genuinely world class manufacturing firms – will this week announce one of Britain 's biggest ever corporate losses , in part the result of the £671m cost of settling bribery actions .
The cases were brought by the authorities in Britain , Brazil and the US and involve allegations that Rolls bribed middlemen around the world between 1989 and 2013 to win contracts . Warren East , the company 's chief executive , has called the behaviour “ completely unacceptable ” .
America has been at the forefront of the international fight against corruption ever since the passing of 1978 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act which sought to prevent multi-national corporations from bribing crooked officials in order to win contracts .
There was an element of self-interest in this . The US was confident that in a fair fight its companies would win overseas contracts more often than not . Corruption simply allowed less well-managed firms to deprive US corporations of deals they would otherwise get .
There has also been a recognition that the US will always be out-gunned when it comes to corruption . Despite Eisenhower 's famous warning about the influence of the military-industrial complex , the US system of governance has checks and balances that limit criminal activities . It has suited the US to present itself as the sheriff riding into town to sort out the bad hats .
Up until now . Four weeks of Donald Trump 's presidency have put at risk four decades of progress in the fight against corruption and gladdened the heart of every kleptocrat around the world .
What 's happened is this . Both houses of Congress have voted to gut a law that would have forced US oil , gas and mining companies to disclose their royalty , licensing and other payments to foreign governments . The law was a bipartisan initiative between Democratic Senator Ben Cardin and former Republican Senator Richard Lugar , and formed an amendment to the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act , the law designed to clean up Wall Street after the financial crisis .
The Cardin-Lugar law compelled America 's financial watchdog – the Securities and Exchange Commission – to draw up tough transparency rules for energy and mining companies .
Unsurprisingly , the big oil companies were strongly opposed to revealing what they were up to at such a granular level . The American Petroleum Institute , one of the biggest and best resourced lobbying groups on the planet , has opposed Cardin-Lugar from the start , but decided to play a long game .
By dragging matters through the courts , the API succeeded in delaying implementation of Cardin-Lugar and as a result the new transparency rules – which would oblige companies to report annually on a project by project basis – were only due to come into force in 2019 .
To argue that easing up on the fight against corruption is good for business is to turn truth on its head
The API 's strategy was to delay and hope that something would turn up . Now it has with Trump 's election . The new president has insisted that America has been harming itself with borders that are too porous , trade rules that are too lax , taxes that are too high , and red tape that is too onerous . He can expect the full support of his secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , the former boss of ExxonMobil , a prominent member of the API .
The oil and gas lobby group has successfully portrayed Cardin-Lugar as another bit of excessive bureaucracy that will put American companies at a competitive disadvantage . Other countries will not insist on gold-plating anti-corruption rules in such a way , it has insisted . The SEC has now been told to go away and draw up new regulations because Congress says the original plan would have led to rising business costs that would have been bad for growth and jobs .
This is nonsense . For a start , companies have all the information readily available and could easily adhere to the Cardin-Lugar law . The red tape argument is a red herring .
But there 's a bigger point : to argue that easing up on the fight against corruption is good for business is to turn truth on its head .
Corruption is actually very bad for businesses , which is why bodies such as the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development have been so active in trying to tackle it . The cost of corruption is thought to equal more than 5 % of global GDP each year – about $ 2.6tn ( £2tn ) – and is estimated to raise the cost of doing business by 10 % a year . The $ 1tn paid out in bribes is a tax that is put to no good purpose whatsoever . It builds no schools or hospitals .
Corruption is particularly high in the extractives sector . The cost of private sector corruption in developing countries was above $ 500 bn in 2012 – representing 3.7 times the amount of global official development assistance ( ODA ) disbursed .
Bribery and Brexit propel Rolls-Royce towards historic losses Read more
Jamie Drummond , director of the campaign group , One , described the decision by Congress as a “ really worrying development ” that needed to be fought . “ It is pro-business and pro-private sector to fight corruption , ” he added .
All the recent evidence is that what the US does acts as an international benchmark . In 1998 , other developed countries , prodded by Washington , signed an international anti-bribery convention that mirrored the US law .
What 's more , the SEC and the Department of Justice have not pussy-footed around . They have enforced the law vigorously , imposing massive fines on wrong-doers . This enforcement action has encouraged the authorities in Europe to become more vigilant .
The Cardin-Lugar law is a case in point . Europe saw what the Americans were doing and brought in energy transparency and forestry legislation of its own . Following the US lead , the European parliament approved legislation similar to the energy transparency law and included forestry companies to the other natural resources firms that must comply .
A number of major extractive companies have publicly supported the SEC 's rule or the very similar laws in the EU and Canada . More than 120 companies have disclosed payments worth more than $ 150bn in more than 100 countries under the EU 's rules to date .
Now the US has signalled that it intends to be less transparent and less rigorous in fighting corruption , companies in other developed countries will get the message . European-based companies are likely to start lobbying their governments for a similar regime to that which operates in the US .
Let 's be clear . Cardin-Lugar would not have ended corruption , but it did ratchet up the pressure on those giving bribes and on those receiving them . Trump has been what Lenin called a useful idiot , the unwitting channel for a move that will be bad for development , bad for global security and bad for America .
View Caption Hide Caption Al Jefferson has hurt the Heat for years . Now he could join them . ( Getty Images )
Hassan Whiteside 's upcoming free agency is unpredictable , and the Heat ca n't possibly know if they 'll be able to bring him back . That 's the goal , Pat Riley says , but other teams are going to hit Whiteside with enticing offers as soon as he becomes available July 1 .
If Miami loses Whiteside , there is no obvious next choice around which the team can build . At that point , the Heat would be in the market for a short-term starting center that does n't severely impair their free agency ambitions in 2017 . That likely eliminates someone like Dwight Howard , who should be looking for a long-range deal .
One good option might be Charlotte 's Al Jefferson . He 's 31 and made $ 13.8 million last season , but missed 52 games over the past two seasons . If he 's confident that he can come back healthy and have a resurgence , he could help himself on a one-year deal ( probably with a second-year player option ) to reestablish his market value heading into summer 2017 .
The last time he was healthy , the 2013-14 season , he averaged 21.8 points and 10.8 rebounds for the Hornets . However , over the past two years he put up 14.7 and 7.6 .
[ Heat see Hassan Whiteside getting even better once he gets his money ]
[ 2016 NBA free agents : Top five teams for Hassan Whiteside if he leaves the Miami Heat ]
[ Chris Bosh 's situation complicates Heat 's summer free agency plans ]
Nowhere did the slogan “ take back control ” resound more enthusiastically than in the ears of Tory free marketeers , who imagined themselves as modernist privateers , latter-day descendants of the proud tradition of Francis Drake and Walter Raleigh . During the referendum campaign you could almost hear them slapping their leather-clad thighs and looking eagerly ahead to a world where bluster and bravado replace the musty domain of the rule book and the bureaucrat .
Sadly , for these modern-day pirates of the high seas , trade in the 21st century is hedged by rules and restrictions , tariffs and quotas . Ruling the waves is going to require at least as much negotiation as finding our way out of the EU labyrinth . The events of the past few weeks have started to burst the Ripping Yarns bubble and brought the discussion down to Earth .
The first myth was that German manufacturers would put pressure on Angela Merkel to allow the UK to cherry-pick access to the single market without accepting freedom of movement . This has been demolished in a series of steps beginning with the German Employers ' Federation who made clear that the integrity of the single market came ahead of business deals with the UK . Now the Federation of German Industries is warning that German companies with a presence in Britain must “ make provisions for a very hard exit ” , because the British government does n't know what it wants . Perhaps we can turn the 95 production sites of German cars in the UK to innovative jam and biscuit factories . It is clear that Germany industry stands with the German government in placing political stability above narrow economic self-interest .
Before the shock and magnitude of the leave vote had really sunk in , Theresa May was jetting off to the US to hold hands with Donald Trump to beg him for a trade deal . He agreed , apparently with great enthusiasm . “ We could have a really , really good trade deal , ” he confirmed by Twitter . Great news to Brexiteers still euphoric at the result they had just pulled off . The problem is that Trump did n't say who this deal would be good for , although the clue is in his campaign slogan : America First . Further information can be found in his book The Art of the Deal , wherein he explains that you always make a deal with your opposite number when they are vulnerable because this allows you to win by making them lose .
What this means in practice was made clear by the US 's decision to impose a 219 % import tariff on Bombardier aircraft parts , jeopardising thousands of jobs on this side of the pond . These punitive tariffs are in response to what the US considers anti-competitive subsidies , an argument that we are likely to hear a lot more of in connection with our farmers in the competitive world of global trade .
While Liam Fox may be seeking to Make Britain Great Again , Trump is seeking to Make America Great Again . It is precisely because we learned that nationalistic competition on trade tended to make everybody poorer that we became engaged in trade negotiations in the first place .
This last week has also burst the bubble of the idea that the Commonwealth will be our salvation , a fantasy arising from too much public school education . A rare early agreement between the UK and EU was over the terms of our solo entry into the World Trade Organisation . This body is the dread of a free trader , with its complex system of tariffs , quotas and schedules , all of which have to be unanimously agreed by 164 member states .
The EU 's suggestion that the UK simply inherits its fair share of EU quota on the same terms was instantly rejected by a group of WTO members including Canada and New Zealand . Predictably , Commonwealth countries will be fighting for national interest rather than helping out the former colonial power in distress . Their economies were severely damaged by our shift in trade focus to the EU 40 years ago and they have moved on to find trade partnerships within their own regions .
This leaves only one strategy still available : the ignominious role as the world 's leading arms exporter , which helps to explain why half the secondments to Fox 's trade department are from arms manufacturers . It also helps to explain recent visits by May or Fox to Saudi Arabia , Turkey and the Philippines .
Then there is the proposal that we might join the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , a trade deal with 12 countries bordering the Pacific Ocean . Our only geographical tie to TPP countries now is Pitcairn island , famous as the refuge of the Bounty mutineers . The symbolism of a bunch of renegades who reject existing rules and norms and find themselves isolated on a barren island could not be more appropriate .
• Molly Scott Cato MEP is Green MEP for the South West and Green party speaker on Brexit
Odell Beckham Jr. is the key to the New York Giants ' offense . Without the superstar receiver , Big Blue would be sitting at home instead of facing the Packers in Green Bay Sunday afternoon .
No one player can guard OBJ . The best a defense can do is get in his face early and hope to throw Beckham off his game .
Speaking on NFL GameDay Morning on Sunday , Carolina Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis said the key for the Giants is Beckham controlling his emotions .
`` I think that we all can agree that Odell is a great player . Right ? We all agree on that , '' Davis said . `` When you think about Odell and what he 's able to do on the football field is truly special . But it 's very important for him this weekend to make sure that he controls his emotions . Whenever he goes out and he plays and he controls his emotions , he 's huge for that team . But when he goes out and he allows his emotions to get the best of him , he 's a cancer for that football team and you can see it , it 's evident . ''
Beckham was at his most combustible last season when he faced the Panthers and then-Carolina corner Josh Norman .
`` When we played him , you could see him and Josh going back and forth , you could see that the whole team was getting caught up in that and they are n't focused in the first half , that 's why we were able to jump out to a big lead , '' Davis said of the Panthers ' 38-35 win over the Giants in 2015 . `` They kinda settled down later in the second half in the football game and they were able to come back . It was just really evident that they were not a focused bunch when he was doing all of that . ''
Beckham earned five receptions for 56 yards and a touchdown in Week 5 versus the Packers .
The well-worn Beckham emotion storyline has almost become cliché . Many have tried to get in Beckham 's face and hope for a meltdown . The Packers do n't have a trash-talking corner of the Norman ilk , but they 'll surely try to spur Beckham early Sunday afternoon . Do n't bet your house on emotions unraveling Beckham in his first playoff appearance .
What could the bond between Modi and Netanyahu , who seem to have a degree of unquestioned authority within their countries , be ?
PM Narendra Modi ( left ) , Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu . ( Credit : Reuters )
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is travelling to Israel on July 4 for a three-day visit while avoiding any manner of contact with Palestinian political authorities or civil society . This visit is widely heralded as a key moment in India 's foreign relations . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has made no secret of his eagerness to host an event to mark a quarter century of diplomatic ties . “ My friend ” is how Netanyahu has addressed Modi on Twitter . The Israeli media is in a mood of high expectancy , with one paper priming public opinion for a person described as the “ most important prime minister in the world ” .
What could the bond between these two leaders , both of whom seem at this time to have a degree of unquestioned authority within their countries , be ?
Perhaps it is their shared susceptibility to myths of national glory . Modi functions in campaign mode at most times , where declamation and exhortation substitutes for seriously engaged or reflective speech . In rare moments of reflection he has allowed himself certain fantasies , as with the legend of Lord Ganesha being evidence that advanced surgical transplants were done in ancient India .
Modi may have spoken in jocular vein , but Netanyahu would surely never seek that alibi . His own references to mythology are underpinned at all times , by dead serious intent .
In damage control mode following the bloody Israeli military raid on a flotilla bringing aid to besieged Gaza in 2010 , Netanyahu flew a group of American reporters to Jerusalem . Among the artefacts he proudly displayed was a millennia old signet ring , excavated in Jerusalem and bearing the name “ Netanyahu , ” identified in turn , to have belonged to a Jewish official of the time . That for him and his gullible American audience , was sufficient proof of Israel 's historic claim to the land of Palestine .
The signet ring soon became a part of standard Netanyahu spin . He repeated the same claim in the UN General Assembly in 2011 , adding the leavening that his first name Benjamin , or Binyamin – son of Jacob – was also understood in Biblical scripture as Israel .
American journalist Max Blumenthal explains the truth behind this claim in his 2013 book Goliath , an indispensable guide to the current state of Israeli politics and society : “ What was Netanyahu 's connection to the ring , and by extension , to the ancient land of Israel ? There was none . Netanyahu 's grandfather , Nathan Milikovsky , had merely changed his name to Netanyahu after he emigrated from Lithuania to Palestine . Thus Netanyahu had a much closer relation to the former Alaskan governor and vice presidential hopeful Sarah Palin , whose Lithuanian maternal grandfather was rumoured to be a Jew ” .
In recent times , Netanyahu has not had a very easy time with his western allies . After years of indulgence for Israel 's expansionist urges , the West is showing a faint glimmer of awakening to the disastrous denial of Palestinian rights . In circumstances where Israel 's intent to render Palestinians into a state of permanent displacement are abundantly clear , global civil society has stepped up to shame weak-kneed governments . The “ boycott , divestment and sanctions ” ( BDS ) movement was launched by a broad coalition of Palestinian civil society actors , to hold Israeli entities to account – where culpability was proven – for the occupation and the daily violations of the human rights of Palestinians . Since the call went out from Palestine in 2005 , BDS has gained traction especially in Israel 's traditionally unquestioning allies in the West .
Israel 's response has been to deploy the jaded political insult of “ anti-semitism ” against the BDS campaign , to rudely rebuff even the friendly advice of western allies , and double down on the moral righteousness of its claim to the entirety of Palestine . It has unleashed a propaganda barrage , dignified as public diplomacy or hasbara , which Netanyahu has emerged as the principal exponent of , with his slick manner and fluent American-accent .
Didactic lectures in history suffused with claims of Israel 's Biblical antiquity as a nation , have been a regular part of Netanyahu 's propaganda effort . This is usually accompanied by dire warnings against conceding any ground to radical Islam . The Palestinian struggle for recognition is wrapped within the global menace of terrorism , which in turn is traced to a number of sources , though none more malign than Iran . After the elaborate contrivance of spotting an Iranian hand behind every evil stalking the world , an obsessive warning is sounded that the menace could soon acquire a nuclear dimension .
These anxieties of the Zionist state really sharpened after the US invasion of Iraq produced the partly anticipated outcome of vastly boosting Iran 's regional clout . Reflecting on how the US in Iraq had transformed relative stability into nightmarish confusion , two respected American political scientists , Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer , authored a landmark paper titled ‘ The Israel Lobby ' in 2006 . With solid and rigorous reference to fact rather than myth , Walt and Mearsheimer argued : “ The Israeli government and pro-Israel groups in the United States have worked together to shape the ( US ) administration 's policy towards Iraq , Syria and Iran , as well as its grand scheme for reordering the Middle East… . Pressure from Israel and the Lobby was not the only factor behind the decision to attack Iraq in March 2003 , but it was critical ” .
The Walt-Mearsheimer critique was banished by a vast and orchestrated campaign attacking it as “ anti-semitic ” ; and then the authors of the Iraq fiasco went back to the same old playbook : demonising the leaders of a country seen as adversarial , characterising them as irrational beings unamenable to normal diplomatic practices . Netanyahu has in the course of his annual exertions in the cause of hasbara in the UN , described an incumbent Iranian president as a “ madman ” and his successor as a “ wolf in sheep 's clothing ” .
When ISIS cut a swathe through the chaos fomented in the Arab world by western military intervention , Netanyahu stuck to his insistence that Iran was the greater threat . As he put it in his 2015 address to the UN : “ Many in our region know that both Iran and ISIS are our common enemies . And when your enemies fight each other , do n't strengthen either one – weaken both ” .
ISIS has no clear parentage , except the chaos that followed the US invasion of Iraq . For reasons unfathomed , Israel has been rather complacent about this army of aroused religious warriors in its near neighbourhood . Part explanation may be available from Efraim Inbar , an Israeli security analyst who for long headed that vacant symbol of reconciliation : the Begin-Sadat Centre for Strategic Affairs ( BESA ) .
In a paper written last October , Inbar argued that the destruction of ISIS would be a serious “ strategic mistake , ” since an ISIS that was active in propagating the “ caliphate ” would bring discredit to the notion while attracting disgruntled terror-prone individuals from the west to its flag . There were simultaneously with the ideological purpose , a tactical police purpose achieved , of tracking radical elements in the west and preventing their mischief .
The best strategy for Israel then was “ the further weakening ” but not the “ destruction ” of ISIS . An ISIS reduced but not eliminated would undermine its cause among “ radical Muslims ” , while locking up “ bad actors ” in fierce internecine warfare , which would leave them little room to target the west . The biggest bonus of the whole strategy of course , was that it would also “ hamper Iran 's quest for regional hegemony ” .
A more recent contribution to the BESA dialogue speaks of the many reasons it is absolutely essential for Israeli interests to keep the Syrian civil war on an indefinite boil . Amid growing apprehensions within Israel 's strategic establishment that the six-year long conflict may destabilise the entire neighbourhood , Inbar wrote : “ Common sense tells us that weak enemies are preferable because they can do less damage . Violent conflict is about exacting pain from the other side . States are more dangerous than militias and terrorist groups . A weak Syria can cause less pain than a strong Syria ” . It made sense to let the chaos continue , since a “ dysfunctional Syrian state torn by civil war is not a result of Israeli machinations , but a positive strategic development from an Israeli point of view ” .
Nobody can tell what substantive influence these reflections exerted on Israeli policy . It is sufficient to know that Israel 's obsessive pursuit of its Biblical fantasies involves fomenting a state of chaos in its near neighbourhood and perhaps even beyond .
Modi 's visit is a historic event for the Israeli military-security industry complex that lurks behind these partly revealed acts of sabotage against neighbourhood nations and an actual catalogue of atrocities on the Palestinians . It sends out a message to the world , that India is now eager to be seen in public embrace of colonial oppression and state terrorism .
Does the absence of a Palestinian point of contact in this entire three-day visit represent a serious affront ? Perhaps not . The president of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas , by all accounts went back quite happy after he was received in Delhi on a short visit that was high on ceremony but vacuous in substance . Since going back , he has green-flagged Israel in the brutal tightening of the siege of Gaza by declining to pay the electricity bill for the narrow strip 's teeming population of two million from Palestinian Authority resources . The electricity cut as some observers point out , has escalated Gaza 's humanitarian crisis to possibly a “ point of no return ”
The broader civil war within the Arab world , eagerly promoted as part of Israeli strategic ambitions , has clearly impinged deeply on the politics of the Palestinian struggle .
The abject and unfortunate Abbas derived little benefit from his betrayal of Gaza . Israel has just announced one of the largest expansions of illegal Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank , dwarfing all the land-thefts done over a half-century of occupation .
Following an armed encounter between militants and occupying forces in the old city of Jerusalem on June 19 , Israel tightened its blockade of the West Bank , immediately revoking permits for Palestinians to travel into Israel to visit relatives during the Ramzan month of prayer and fasting . In a Facebook post , Major General Yoav Mordecai , who bears the title of “ Coordinator for Government Activities in the Territories ” in the Israel Defence Force ( IDF ) directly put the blame on Abbas 's political faction Fatah : “ Three bastards who undertook this cowardly terror attack received praise from Fatah who falsely claimed they were innocent . This is incitement to terror ” .
The venomous rhetoric against Palestinians , always part of the mainstream discourse in Israel , has long been recognised as expression of deeply embedded racism . To cite a similar locution from a time when the pretence of a peace process was still being sustained , Lieutenant-General Moshe Yaalon , then the chief of staff of the IDF , spoke in 2003 of the Palestinians as an existential threat to Israel , like a cancer requiring chemotherapy .
The “ demographic problem ” is what it is called in Israeli political discourse , an almost obsessive concern since the Zionist state was founded . Israeli strategy was typically framed around the necessity of large-scale population transfers ( otherwise known as “ ethnic cleansing ” ) to firmly establish the Jewish identity of the land . When that proved impractical , unilateral separation was dreamed up . In the spaces between these two , a “ two-state solution ” has occasionally been conceded as a possibility , always in a manner to be determined at Israel 's discretion . An adviser to Netanyahu in 2008 summed it up : Israel would choose what to give the Palestinians . They could call it a state or even “ fried chicken ” .
The peace that Israel has to offer Palestine is basically a choice between apartheid regimes of varying severities .
Substantively , India 's relationship with Israel has been conducted under the shroud of national security , immune to public scrutiny and accountability . Credible stories have appeared in the Indian media that India has been shopping for surveillance systems to be deployed along its most sensitive borders , which would link into automatically triggered guns to stop any breaches . This would be similar to the weapon systems deployed by Israel along the apartheid wall that snakes through much of the West Bank , which kill indiscriminately , not sparing children who stray out of the narrow confines in which they are confined by the Israeli occupation .
The real danger of India 's burgeoning relationship with Israel is that Israeli equipment perhaps comes bundled with its doctrines and are designed for use against an occupied people and neighbours whose territorial integrity Israel has repeatedly violated with absolute impunity . These are a world removed from India 's security challenges and could end up compromising its interests .
Sukumar Muralidharan is a senior journalist and currently teaches journalism at O.P . Jindal Global University .
Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images
SAN ANTONIO — LaMarcus Aldridge arrived in Northeast Ohio for Saturday night 's game against the Cleveland Cavaliers as a member of a select group . Of the 24 players who will participate in the All-Star Game in Toronto on Valentine 's Day , the San Antonio Spurs forward-center is one of only eight who have been picked for a fifth consecutive year .
Do n't underestimate the importance of this distinction . Aldridge 's acceptance of the Spurs ' egalitarian approach to the NBA game has been a work in progress all season . His shots per game and scoring average have dropped by about 33 percent . He 's had seven games when he 's scored in single digits .
Aldridge 's pick rubbed some the wrong way . Charles Barkley told the TNT audience Tony Parker should have been the second Spur in Toronto instead of Aldridge . And thousands of Portlandians were incredulous that Damian Lillard was snubbed again .
Of course , the Spurs know better than to react to anything Barkley postulates and likely agree that Lillard deserves to be an All-Star . Ultimately , they 're happy for Aldridge and appreciate everything he has brought to San Antonio .
And if he 's good enough for Western Conference coaches to vote him an All-Star , then his decision to come to San Antonio and be a role player rather than a franchise figure is validated .
Chris Covatta/Getty Images
Aldridge is hyper-sensitive to perceived failure . When he struggled with his shooting in a preseason game , he spent nearly two hours working on his shot on the court at AT & T Center afterward .
Then , after his worst showing of the season Monday night against the Golden State Warriors , when he scored only five points in a 120-90 loss , he responded to Twitter and Instagram trolls ( and there were plenty ) by deleting his accounts on the social media sites .
“ I just wanted to lock in , ” Aldridge said . “ It had nothing to do with that game . ”
Cynics were n't buying that explanation even though Aldridge had proved his earnest desire to “ lock in ” when he had to be chased from his postgame shooting drills after the exhibition game months earlier .
“ I take every game personally , ” he said of the embarrassment in Oakland . “ I live and learn . ”
Aldridge is also learning to live with Gregg Popovich 's obsession with fresh legs . Most of his statistical dips are easily explained by the head coach 's reining in his playing time . For the first time since his rookie season , he is averaging fewer than 30 minutes per game ( 29.5 ) .
Though Popovich has the Spurs back to playing more inside-out offense than any team in the league , Aldridge is getting only 13.4 shots per game in the Spurs ' “ good to great ” pass-oriented attack . Last season in Portland , Aldridge averaged 19.9 shots per game .
Eric Gay/Associated Press
Spurs starters also must adapt to sitting most , or all , of fourth quarters . A 31-point win over the Rockets on Wednesday was their 13th win this season by at least 25 points . Four more have been by at least 20 . Their point differential is an amazing plus-13.9 per game , even after the 30-point shellacking they absorbed in Oakland .
So when Aldridge followed his clunker in Oakland with his best game of the season—25 points , 10 rebounds and five assists to lead the Spurs to a 29-point lead after three quarters—he sat out the last period with the other starters .
If Aldridge frets about acceptance by the Spurs , it is wasted consternation . He has already won over the most important critic in the NBA . Popovich is satisfied with where he is in the transition process .
“ Usually it takes people a season to get used to the system and that sort of thing , ” Popovich said . “ In that sense , he 's been really quick picking things up and starting to feel comfortable . More than the system , it 's a matter of learning how to play with all new people . He 's learned very quickly where to be on the court with Manu [ Ginobili ] or Timmy [ Duncan ] , and that takes time when you 've played some place for nine years .
“ All considered , he 's done a really good job . ”
The irony of Aldridge 's first season in silver and black is that he has been more valuable at the defensive end than as a scorer . Kawhi Leonard , clearly the Spurs ' MVP and their top point producer , has been even more dynamic defending the perimeter in large part because Aldridge has adapted seamlessly into the Spurs defense .
“ He 's fit right in , ” Leonard said . “ He 's a vet , playing in this league nine or 10 years . He 's very smart , high basketball IQ . Since he 's been playing so long , he knows players ' tendencies , and he 's making a great effort of just being in that help position . If somebody drives by me , he 's there to be in the gap or block a shot . And he 's a great rebounder , and that helps us limit a team to one shot . ”
Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images
Aldridge knew San Antonio was going to be a different experience . He 'd heard plenty about the intricacies of Popovich 's defensive scheme but said it was easier to pick up than he expected and less complicated than the offense .
“ Coming to something new is always going to be different , ” he said . “ It 's brand new to me and for everyone here . Both sides have been great , trying to adjust and just keep moving forward . ”
The wins have made the occasional struggles worth the fleeting misery . When the Spurs get to 60 wins sometime in March or April—they enter Saturday 's game on pace for 70—maybe he will even reconsider his social media accounts .
But whether he does or doesn't—just like whether he does or does n't truly deserve this fifth All-Star nod—the Spurs will appreciate what he brings to the organization in pursuit of a championship .
All quotes obtained firsthand .
LONDON : Scientists have created the world 's first super rat — a mouse that expresses a fluorescing ‘ biosensor ' in every cell of its body , allowing diseased cells and drugs to be tracked and evaluated in real time and in three dimensions , raising hope that it will give humans a peek into diseases like never before.Scientists from the UK and Australia have created a mouse that expresses a fluorescing biosensor which mimics the action of a target molecule , in this case a protein known as ‘ Rac ' , which drives cell movement in many types of cancer This is the first time a mouse has been genetically modified successfully to express the molecule throughout the body without affecting cell function.The mouse can be used to study any cancer type by crossing it with other models , limiting expression of a specific cell or tissue type.The mouse can also easily be adapted to study diseases other than cancer by expressing the biosensor in different disease models.Rac behaves like a switch , oscillating on the molecular level between two states — active or inactive . When Rac is active , the biosensor picks up chemical cues and glows blue . When Rac is inactive the biosensor glows yellow.Using sophisticated imaging techniques , it is possible to follow Rac activation in any organ at any time , or watch moment-by-moment oscillation of Rac activity at the front or back of cells as they move in the body.This technology has been used to monitor Rac activity in many organs in response to drug treatment.Scientists said it allowed them to watch and map , in real time , parts of a cell or organ where Rac is active and driving invasion . In cancers , a lot of blue indicates an aggressive tumour that is in the process of spreading.You can literally watch parts of a tumour turn from blue to yellow as a drug hits its target.This can be an hour or more after the drug is administered , and the effect can wane quickly or slowly.Drug companies need to know these details — specifically how much , how often and how long to administer drugs.Dr Paul Timpson who began the study with colleagues from the Beatson Institute for Cancer Research in Glasgow and completed it at Sydney 's Garvan Institute of Medical Research collaborated closely throughout the process with Dr Heidi Welch from the Babraham Institute in Cambridge — the creator of the mouse — who uses it to study the movement of immune cells , known as neutrophils. “ The great thing about this mouse is its flexibility and potential for looking at a broad range of diseases and molecular targets , ” said Dr Paul Timpson .
The Miami linebacking group is an eclectic mix of a few upper classmen , lots of underclassmen and heavy on unknowns moving forward into the 2015-2016 season . After the departure of stalwart tackling machine Denzel Perryman to the NFL Draft , Miami is now looking to the young cadre to see who will step up to fill the void . In the segment below we 'll break down each player in the unit and discuss when he came to Miami ( as a recruit ) what he 's done so far for the team on the field and I 'll take a guess as to what I think the crystal ball will read for each player next season .
See you passed the jump !
* * *
Raphael Kirby 6 ' 1 '' 235 ( Sr )
The first Cane we 'll breakdown is probably the most important in the group , senior Raphael Kirby . Kirby came to Miami as a highly regarded four-star recruits out of Stone Mountain , Georgia but has yet to consistently shine on the field . Before last season he assisted the team by mainly playing special teams on the coverage units . During last season he slotted in as the strong side linebacker all season and accounted for 54 tackles and two forced fumbles , not bad numbers but not earth shattering .
Heading into the 2015-2016 he 'll be taking over the middle linebacker spot from the recently drafted Denzel Perryman and will be immediately counted on to get the defense set and ready for the opposition . Prognosticating his possible stats is a daunting task as he 's done okay during his tenure at Miami but never truly shined during a given game , or even a highlight reel tackle for that matter that I can remember . Nevertheless it would n't be out of the realm of possibility that during his last hurrah as a Cane he goes out and puts together a solid season of 70-90 tackles and leads the defensive unit as a team captain .
Jermaine Grace 6 ' 1 '' 208 ( Jr )
When discussing Grace and his career at Miami you have to marvel at his work ethic as well as his determination to play in the Canes defense . The reason is very simple and to the point : he does n't fit the scheme . As you will see throughout the group in the descriptions below , Grace is very much the `` runt '' in the litter of the Miami linebacking corp . Weighing in at just 208 pounds ( per UM 's player profile ) he does n't fit the prototypical 34 linebackers which usually weighs in at 220s pounds , at the smallest .
Grace came to Miami well regarded as a high four stars and even a five star by some recruiting services . He had offers from all the big name schools across the country but decided to stay in his home town of Miami and play for the Canes .
He did n't come into the program with delusions of grandeur thinking that he would start right away as a freshman , he just wanted to compete . As noted above , his biggest hindrance was his size . When he got to Miami he weighed in at roughly 190 pounds and that simply was n't a sustainable weight to play linebacker over the course of the entire season . Even though he was on the slight side he still was able to play a bit his freshman season on special teams and recorded 8 total tackles . Last year , in his sophomore season , he was tasked with more responsibilities and saw the field as the primary backup to Thurston Armbrister as an outside linebacker and immediately became a playmaker . Even though he never started all season he came in second for total tackles with 60 ( 6.5 tackles for loss ) and also corralled the quarterback three times .
Heading into this fall Grace is primed to have a breakout season , measurables be damned . He was awarded as one of the offseason workout warriors by the team and also clocked in with the fastest forty for the entire squad at 4.38 . Pretty good for a linebacker . As the starter at weak side linebacker he 'll rush the QB occasionally but will primarily handle coverage duties . Look for him to again improve upon his numbers and hit the range of 70 to 80 tackles this year and possibly an interception or two in the open field .
Tyriq McCord 6 ' 3 '' 236 ( Sr )
McCord has seen action every season since he walked on campus four years ago and has had a relatively successful career . He came to the Canes as a highly regarded rushing specialist and at first that 's how the Canes coaching staff used him during his freshman season . In each of the following off seasons however he 's gotten a little bulkier and has learned better technique to eventually be molded into a linebacker and thus is being moved to strong side linebacker to start the season .
With the move to the strong side position it 's hard to say what the role exactly will be for McCord . He 's not very fluid in coverage and still has the skills of being an edge rusher . Hopefully the coaching staff uses his abilities to the fullest extent and unleashes him on opponents next year . If I have to give a guess to what his stats will be by the end of the season I 'll go with 50-65 tackles , 5 sacks and possibly a pick or two . He 's filled up the stats sheet every season with solid yet unspectacular numbers , let 's see what he does next year as a linebacker and not a rushing specialist .
Darrion Owens 6 ' 3 '' 238 ( So )
When thinking of a prototypical `` freak '' athlete a coach is looking for in the recruiting cycle , you 'd point to Owens . In high school he played safety due to his height and his speed . However , coaches at Miami believed he would eventually fill out and be able to take his agility into `` the box '' and become a linebacker . They offered him as such and here he is today , a Cane . Owens was a consensus four-star recruits who had offers from the other big programs which were highlighted by Auburn and Georgia among others .
As a freshman last season he was pressed into duty and not redshirted . There were two main reasons . First of all , he 's a very talented player and due to the fact that he enrolled last January he was able to get a head start on his conditioning for the season . Secondly , the fact that Jawand Blue and Alex Figueroa were both released from their scholarships and kicked off campus paved the way for Owens . Even with the added conditioning and prep as a early enrollee the best phrase to use for Owens ' freshman season was : `` a work in progress . '' He was around the ball a lot but never really got into the fray , always a second too early or too late . He finished the season playing in all but one game but only had 23 total tackles .
Heading into next season I think Owens takes a giant leap forward in production . He 'll be a primary backup in the linebacking unit and at times could start if he gets into a rhythm . The future looks bright for Owens as he may fill our even further to get up to the 230s to 240s . Mix that in with his speed and he could be one of the next great linebackers to come out of Miami .
Juwon Young 6 ' 2 '' 245 ( So )
Juwon Young and Darrion Owens were the two freshmen last season who both got playing time last year but both did n't really make much of an impact in game . Young came to Miami as a solid three-star recruits out of Albany , Georgia . He had offers from many of the mid-tier IA teams in the country and chose Miami over the likes of North Carolina and Ole Miss . Last year he dressed for all 13 games but only had two tackles on the season .
Heading into next season Young will be counted on to contribute as he 'll likely be getting reps as the second team middle linebacker . He has the build for the position at 246 pounds , we 'll have to see if he has the mental makeup to assist the team in their formations and in game adjustments to what the offense throws at them .
Marques Gayot 6 ' 1 '' 220 ( So )
Gayot was a safety and played a little wide receiver at Park Vista High School . The Lake Worth native had four interceptions his senior season and returned one of the picks for a score . He was rated a three-star recruit coming out of school in 2014 . Most of the recruiting services listed his offers as : Louisville , Arkansas and Oregon . Besides being a ball hawking safety he was also noted for his bone jarring hits to unsuspecting pass catchers who tempted him across the middle of the field .
During his freshman season instead of redshirting for the year he played primarily on special teams , specifically on punt and kickoff coverage . For the season he recorded one tackle which can be seen in the highlight below .
Early prognosis for Gayot is that he could possibly get playing time this season at weak side linebacker behind the entrenched ( entrenched ? ) starter Jermaine Grace . Look for Gayot to play a big role on special teams again this season and possibly in a season or two start at the position . There 's really no pressure on the converted safety to start this season but registering 20 to 30 tackles for the season would be deemed a successful year as a backup .
Charles Perry 6 ' 1 '' 212 ( Fr )
Perry is one of the players to get excited about from the class of 2015 . It 's interesting looking up his senior stats in highschool as they 're not eye popping like you usually see coming up in the ranks but make no mistake , Perry is the crème of the crop Golden was able to snag from Royal Palm Beach high school . The main reason his stats and arguably his rating ( was a solid four-star recruits by many services ) was a little lower than what it potentially could have been been due to him pulling double duty as a linebacker and a running back . Due to playing both sides he `` only '' rushed for 900 yards his senior season and compiled 60 tackles with four sacks .
Looking into the crystal ball with freshman can be difficult because there are often so many questions . Does Perry grasp the speed of the game ? Does he learn his proper reads ? Can he withstand the beating a linebacker can take over the course of the season ( currently listed at a meager 212 pounds ) ? In interviews Coach Golden has raved about his work ethic and the way he preps for the days trials and tribulations but we 'll have to see how he does come game day next season . If I had to guess his production I 'd go with something close to what Owens produced last season as a freshman : 10 to 20 tackles and maybe a turnover or two .
Jamie Gordinier 6 ' 4 '' 236 ( Fr )
Gordinier just arrived on campus from Red Bank Catholic High in New Jersey . He was rated throughout the recruiting cycle as a three-star recruit and held offers from Maryland , Michigan State and most of the other Big 10 schools .
While at Red Bank , Gordinier primarily roamed as a middle linebacker but will be slotted in at Miami as a backup strong side linebacker to Tyriq McCord and Owens . With his hefty build already developed he could potentially see early playing time at Miami . Although he was n't highly publicized in the 2015 recruiting class as a `` sexy '' pick , make no mistake , Gordinier was a good get by the coaching staff .
Terry McCray 6 ' 3 '' 223 ( RFr )
McCray redshirted last season and in so doing has yet to see the field at Miami . As a senior in highschool he was a solid three-star recruits coming out of Blanche Ely . Both his senior and junior stat lines were impressive as he a amassed a total of 199 total tackles to go along with 32 sacks over the course of those two seasons .
Look for McCray to possibly be a fringe player in the outside linebacker rotation come next fall . He 'll more than likely contribute on special teams in coverage duty , however . Down the line he may eventually turn into a flex bench linebacker ( playing everywhere when needed ) or possibly start in a few years . `` Possibly '' being the key word .
Mike Smith 6 ' 1 '' 225 ( RFr )
Smith was another player who redshirted his first season on campus last year so we also do n't know much about him and if/how he 'll contribute next season . What we do know is that he 's a former three-star recruits out of the local area ( Miami Northwestern High School ) and he was an edge rushing specialist tallying 25 sacks over his junior and senior seasons .
If I were to guess his role next year it would be possibly as a special teams contributor . He may earn fringe time but he 'd have to have a really good camp to do so .
James King 6 ' 1 '' 200 ( Fr )
There is n't really much to say about King besides the fact it 's kind of surprising to see him on the team . King was rated a low level three-star recruits who sported offers from the likes of FAU , USF and Arkansas . The primary train of thinking for why he 's on the roster is because a few of the last minute hopefuls Golden and the staff wished would pick Miami come signing day last February chose other locations and thus they needed to fill a roster spot . King was always an option ; he just needed a scholarship offer .
Look for King to redshirt next season . In the years to come he may provide a solid backup among the other linebackers on the team or possibly play a role on the special teams unit . For now however , he needs to grow and dig into the playbook to see how he can assist the team on the practice field .
After reviewing the list you may be concerned with the grouping , deservedly so . Raphael Kirby leads the group ( or , is being counted on most heavily ) and he 's underachieved in all four years at Miami . Jermaine Grace could be a great piece for the defense but do you really want to rely on a player that maybe all speed and no punch ? McCord is being moved to linebacker from the defensive line and he may have the most ingame experience even if you combine all the other players in the unit . Lastly , the primary backups ( Owens and Young ) who the team will rely on to fill the void when any of the starters are n't playing have a total of less than 30 tackles in their combined stats from last season . It could leave a fan wonder ... `` how did we get here ? How did the unit fall so far when it comes to experience ? It 's actually a pretty simple answer : roster attrition .
In a perfect world , assuming all the players Al Golden recruited eventually stayed in the program , Miami would n't have this problem , at all . The team kicked off starting linebacker Alex Figueroa and primary backup Jawand Blue before the season last year due to a sexual assault they committed . The seasons before that the team released/lost the likes of Antonio Kinard ( academics ) , Gabe Terry ( discipline ) , Devante Bond ( academics ) , Josh Witt ( career ending concussion ) , Eddie Johnson ( discipline ) and Gionni Paul ( discipline ) . That list is an entire unit ! ! Due to that we 're left with a thinly experienced unit that will have to grow up quickly in 2015 .
Breaking news : Millennials are growing up .
As recent studies indicate , members of our generation are starting to `` settle down '' and have babies ( despite our parents ' unfounded concern we never would ) . Yet even though millennials are increasingly building their own families , that does n't mean they 're adopting previous generations ' traditional family values .
Our generation is more diverse , more educated , and more open-minded than the generation that came before us , and our home lives increasingly reflect that viewpoint . That means that , while many of us might not mate for life at age 22 or have kids while we 're young enough to chase after them ( or , like , ever ) , we 're still having families . They just look a little different than they did before . That 's why we decided to compile six ways the American family is expected to change by 2050 .
1 ) Our families will be even more diverse than they are now .
Over the past few decades , the United States has slowly been becoming more ethnically and racially diverse—and that trend wo n't end with our generation . A Pew Research Center poll found that almost all Americans between the ages of 18 and 29 approve of interracial relationships , and marriage between mixed-race couples is at an all-time high . The U.S. Census Bureau also estimates that approximately 86 million ( ! ) Americans will be foreign-born by 2050 , constituting approximately one-fifth of the total population .
2 ) There will be more single-parent households .
The birth rate among unwed mothers has recently gone down for the first time in decades . But the growing percentage of adults who are cool with people having children outside of marriage ( 58 % of Americans , according to Gallup ) indicates that single parenthood might not be as stigmatized as it traditionally has been .
The number of single-parent households has steadily tripled since the 1960s , but more lenient social mores are n't the only thing that have allowed rates of single parenthood to blossom . In-vitro fertilization and other reproductive technologies , which are only becoming more common , will allow more and more people to become parents — with or without a partner .
3 ) It 'll be common to have more than two parents .
Wider acceptance of same-sex couples has helped shake up the American family in several crucial ways , including the ways we understand parenthood . IVF , surrogacy and adoption among same-sex parents . All have contributed to revolutionizing our idea of what a family should look like , and it 's no longer unheard of for , say , a child to be raised by two moms and spend weekends with a father who donated sperm . ( Hey , in California , kids can legally have up to four parents listed on their birth certificates . )
Pew estimates that fewer than half of American children currently live in `` traditional '' two-parent families . That can be attributed in part to the rise of single parenthood and same-sex parenting , but also in part to divorce . While it 's actually a myth that the divorce rate is on the rise , divorce is still incredibly common , as is remarriage .
4 ) More kids will have working moms — as well as stay-at-home dads .
The number of women in the workforce has risen dramatically over the past several decades , but those workers are n't checking out once they have kids . Approximately 70 % of mothers with children under age 18 make up a significant portion of the labor force , and that number has only increased .
So too has the number of men who stay home once they have kids . Stay-at-home dads have become much more common over the course of millennials ' lives , with the number of fathers who serve as primary caretakers increasing by nearly a million from 1989 to 2012 . That surge is likely to continue as it becomes increasingly acceptable for women and mothers to act as primary breadwinners while fathers look after the kids .
5 ) People wo n't have as many children .
The average American family size has included ( approximately ) two children for quite some time , but delayed parenthood and changing social norms are pushing the numbers down even further . Millennials are already having fewer kids than previous generations , and people are becoming more comfortable not having them at all . The prevalence of large families will only continue to drop , and by 2050 , the percentage of American families with four kids or more is estimated to be close to zero .
6 ) Families will probably include robots .
For decades , people have speculated that robots will eventually take over the world and render humans obsolete . While those fears are likely unfounded , it 's not unlikely artificial intelligence will have made significant headway by 2050 . A recent Pew report predicted that robots and artificial intelligence will be included in `` wide segments of daily life '' by the year 2025 , potentially serving as everything from sex partners to babysitters .
While it remains to be seen whether human-robot partnerships make for sustainable families , the machines seem to be doing alright on their own : Robots are already figuring out how to make clones of themselves , so who knows ? Maybe by 2050 , the American family wo n't even be human anymore .
This past Friday , we celebrated our Open Hardware Week here at Opensource.com with a staff open hardware workshop . Among the many fun things ranging from 3D printing to tinkering with Arduino boards and related electronics , I brought in a tiny remote control quadcopter which got back in December . It is n't open hardware per se , but I figured buying a cheaper version would be a good option for me before I made the commitment to invest in pricier hardware for a DIY approach . The verdict ? Totally fun ! We had some nice minorly-destructive crashes inside Red Hat Tower before calling it a day .
Learning to fly
After playing around a bit , I was sold . I want a bigger , badder , more-open drone , and I do n't mind doing a little soldering or coding to get the thing in the air . So how would someone like me take the next step ? To be honest , I 'm no expert , but fortunately there are tons of community resources out there .
One of the best communities I 've come across so far is DIY drones , which includes forums , videos , howtos , and more , along with an online store containing kits and components , to build your own flyer . DIY drones , among other things , is the host of the Ardupilot project , an Arduino-based system to help you get off the ground with a hardware , software , and firmware solution for flying nearly anything . Versions exist for everything from fixed-wing aircraft to copters with nearly any number of propellors , and even a version for rovers for land-lovers not quite ready to take flight .
In a not-too-distant past life , I went to graduate school for Geographic Information Services ( GIS ) and remote sensing , and while radio controlled devices are cool , devices that know where they are and pilot themselves using Global Positioning System ( GPS ) signals are even cooler , and they are critical to being able to collect data over a larger area .
Higher place
Quadcopters and related vehicles are great if you want to control a flight that you can measure in meters . But , what if you want to touch the edge of space ? Not surprisingly , there 's open hardware for that too . Two of your best options for flying a little bit higher on a consumer budget are balloons and hobbyist rockets .
We looked last week at using a weather balloon and a Raspberry Pi to nab photos from the edge of space . There are plenty of instructions out there for you to try re-creating this feat on your own . Some require advanced hardware skills , but what sensors and what tracking system you include are as much a matter of your own skills and interests as anything else—even a Lego minifig is an option .
Model rocketry might be another platform of choice with easy entry ( and re-entry ) . Depending on the power of the rocket you choose , your payload can grow to accomodate any number of sensors . Popular ( and obvious ) options include altimeters and GPS telemetry for keeping track of your rocket and finding it again as it comes back down , but the rocket is just a vehicle for launching whatever components you can imagine , from video to temperature sensors .
Want to touch the edge of virtual space instead ? Perhaps learn the mechanics behind rocketry in an environment where the explosions are all virtual ? Open source rocketry simulators like OpenRocket are a great way to learn the concepts behind rocketry and test your ideas before you launch .
Into the great wide open
It 's an exciting time for open source flight . Even the US miliitary has recently made a decision to open source some of the work they are doing , in coordination with the Open Source Software Institute . Whether you 're an open hardware pro , or someone like me who is just getting started , there are plenty of options for diving in .
View the complete collection of Open Hardware Week articles .
“ We do n't care if they 're never here , ” said Ed Ott , executive director of the New York City Central Labor Council . “ We do n't miss them . We have great supermarkets and great retail outlets in New York . We do n't need Wal-Mart . ”
For Wal-Mart , New York City has long loomed as a tantalizing prize — the home of more than eight million consumers and attention-grabbing stores for just about every major retailer in the country .
But Wal-Mart , a cost-minded retailer known for its dowdy merchandise , and New York , a city of excesses known for cutting-edge style , have long had an uneasy relationship .
Wal-Mart executives have argued that low prices would be the universal language that bridged the gap . So far , they have not .
Photo
During the questioning , Mr. Scott repeatedly referred to New York , but after the meeting a Wal-Mart spokeswoman , Mona Williams , called to say that Mr. Scott was referring to only Manhattan , not the entire city .
Wal-Mart , which has nearly 4,000 stores in the United States , has sought to open stores in Rego Park , Queens , and in Staten Island , but both plans fell through in the face of intense union , community and political opposition .
Mr. Scott said yesterday that the opposition to Wal-Mart in New York , Chicago , Cleveland , Los Angeles and other cities had a common thread : “ The glue is the unions . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Despite setbacks in each of these cities , Wal-Mart has had success in urban areas . In Chicago , for example , Wal-Mart opened a store last year that attracted thousands of job applicants and has , Mr. Scott said , performed better than expected .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He said that Wal-Mart executives have lobbied for a store in New York , but he said he remains unconvinced . “ It 's too hard to make money here , ” he said .
Late yesterday , Ms. Williams sought to amend Mr. Scott 's remarks .
“ Entering New York has been difficult , but not something we rule out , ” she said in an interview . “ Lee said he personally did n't care if we built stores there or not . It might be more trouble than it 's worth , but that he would leave that up to the real estate group that makes these decisions . ”
As he does in many public appearances , Mr. Scott was quick yesterday to talk up the chief potential benefit of a Wal-Mart in New York City , particularly for its many struggling residents with modest incomes : lower prices because of the chain 's vast purchasing power and highly efficient distribution system .
Surveys have repeatedly shown that Wal-Mart 's grocery prices are typically 10 to 30 percent lower than those of its competitors .
But labor leaders assert that while Wal-Mart 's prices are low , its wages and health benefits are often so skimpy that they leave many workers below the poverty line and pressure competitors to reduce pay and benefits .
“ We do n't like how they do business , ” Mr. Ott , the New York union official , said .
But as Mr. Scott sees it , there is another reason Wal-Mart has such a hard time making inroads into some of the nation 's biggest enclaves . Speaking about what he sees as snobbish elites in New York and across the country , Mr. Scott added , “ You have people who are just better than us and do n't want a Wal-Mart in their community . ”
Although membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization requires countries to go to the aid of a fellow member in case of attack , only a minority of Europeans would endorse military action by their country in such a situation .
A new Pew Research Center study found only 48 % of Europeans support NATO 's Article 5 provision that says if one member nation is attacked , the alliance must stand together and help that country . Even fewer—only 41 % —support sending arms to Ukraine to fight off Russian aggression .
The survey found 68 % of respondents said they think the U.S. is likely to come to an ally 's defense . Those with that view have company across the Atlantic : 56 % of Americans believe the United States should use military force to help a NATO ally .
“ Our data shows that Germans , French and Italians have little inclination to come to a NATO ally 's defense , ” Bruce Stokes , the director for global economic attitudes at the Pew Research Center , told The New York Times , “ and if the next military conflict in the region is hybrid warfare , and there is some debate who these Russian-speaking fighters are , such attitudes will only further inhibit NATO 's response . ”
-Noel Brinkerhoff , Steve Straehley
To Learn More :
NATO Publics Blame Russia for Ukrainian Crisis , but Reluctant to Provide Military Aid ( by Katie Simmons , Bruce Stokes and Jacob Poushter , Pew Research Center )
For Europe 's NATO Allies , Attack On One Is n't Attack On All ( by Craig Winneker , Politico )
Survey Points to Challenges NATO Faces Over Russia ( by Michael Gordon , New York Times )
U.S. is Obligated by Treaty to Defend 67 Foreign Countries ( by Steve Straehley , AllGov )
Defense Secretary Gates Attacks NATO 's Pacifism ( by Noel Brinkerhoff , AllGov )
Typography could be considered the most vital part of any design . It 's definitely among the most important elements of any design project . Basically Typography is an art and it involves a proper selection of typerfaces , point size , line height , line spacing , adjusting the spaces between the group of letters and much more for it to be effective . The proper transformation , choice combinations of colors , typerface , and composition of type always ensures impacting and breathtaking design .
Choosing a typeface can be tricky . The beauty and complexity of type , combined with an inexhaustible supply of options to evaluate , can make your head spin , but fortunately there is a plethora of free tools on the web that can help you work with type . In this article we have gathered 25 Best Typography Tools for Designers which will help you with testing , identifying , sizing , and even making , fonts . We hope you will find the list handy and useful for your designs . Enjoy ! !
1 . Typetester
Typetester is an online application for comparison of the fonts for the screen . Its ' primary role is to make web designer 's life easier . As the new fonts are bundled into operating systems , the list of the common fonts will be updated . Typetester 's code structure is XHTML , styled with the finest CSS and driven by the JavaScript for manipulating DOM structures .
2 . Typewolf
Typewolf lets you identifies the fonts used in the design .
3 . TypeChart
TypeChart lets you flip through , preview , and compare web typography while retrieving the css .
4 . Tiff
Tiff is a type diff tool that visually contrasts the differences between two fonts .
5 . Typewonder
TypeWonder is a free-to-use web application for testing a website with different fonts in real-time . We simply enter the URL of the website , select the font from a list of free fonts ( currently , only Google Fonts ) and the site is presented with the new font .
6 . Open Type Font Tester
OpentType Font Tester is a web-based tool that allows you to test over 20 OpenType fonts .
7 . FFFFALLBACK
FFFFALLBACK is a simple tool for bulletproof web typography . it is a bookmarklet that scans the CSS of the page in order to identify existing web fonts . FFFFALLBACK makes it easy to find the perfect fallback fonts so that your designs degrade gracefully .
8 . CSSTypeSet
CSS Type Set is a hands-on typography tool allowing designers and developers to interactively test and learn how to style their web content . You can set the font family , size , color , letter-spacing , word-spacing , line-height and etc… It will automatically generate the CSS file for you . You can see the changes instantly . It is a really great tool for experimenting a suitable font type for your site .
9 . Fontdeck
Fontdeck lets you maintain your distinct brand online without resorting to time-consuming hacks . Use real text with professional typefaces optimised for the web .
10 . Identifont
Identifont is a large online database of fonts that 's searchable .
11 . FontFriend
Font¬Friend is a book¬marklet for typo¬graph¬i¬cally obsessed web design¬ers . It enables rapid check¬ing of fonts and font styles directly in the browser with¬out edit¬ing code and refresh¬ing pages , mak¬ing it the ideal com¬pan¬ion for cre¬at¬ing CSS font stacks . 2.0 's killer fea¬ture is instant drag-and-drop font pre¬view¬ing right in the browser ( Fire¬fox 3.6+ , Chrome 7+ ) , in any doc¬u¬ment you 're cur¬rently viewing .
12 . Typecast
Typecast is a new browser based app for accurate and standards-based typography on the web . It 's a brand-new tool for designers and art directors that clearly renders your type designs , creates good CSS , and provides you with smooth controls over every detail . You can try and combine over 23,000 web fonts , and compare looks side-by-side . Expand type pairs into fully scaled , kerned , colourised and web-ready stacks of real content using simple visual controls . Make project-wide changes in mere seconds thanks to CSS Styles .
13 . Web Font Specimen
Web Font Specimen is a handy , free resource web designers and type designers can use to see how typefaces will look on the web . Debuted in a special issue of A List Apart , Web Font Specimen is in its second iteration . Now available in Cyrillic , too .
14 . Designer Plaything
Designer Plaything lets you experiment with different web typography and color combinations . It also allows you to check color accessibility .
15 . Font Picker
Font picker is a simple tool that lets you browse through the fonts installed on your computer and narrow down your selection to choose the one that 's right for your project . There are two versions of Font picker .
16 . YourFont
YourFonts.com is an online font generator that allows you to create your own OpenType fonts within a couple of minutes .
17 . Typekit
Whether in independent studios or large corporations , designers use fonts delivered by Typekit to create beautiful , original typographic designs .
18 . WhatFont
What Font lets you easily get font information about the text you are hovering on .
19 . FontStruct
FontStruct is a free font-building tool brought to you by FontShop . FontStruct lets you quickly and easily create fonts constructed out of geometrical shapes , which are arranged in a grid pattern , like tiles or bricks . Once you 're done building , FontStruct generates high-quality TrueType fonts , ready to use in any Mac or Windows application .
20 . Font Combinator
This tool has been built to allow previewing of font combinations in a fast , browser-based manner . There have been numerous printed books through the years that allowed a designer to put a headline font next to a body font , and this is an attempt to recreate that for the web .
21 . CSS-Typeset Matrix
CSS-Typoset Matrix is a matrix that displays font sizes , line-heights , and margins ( in pixel and em units ) for various base font sizes . It also outputs the CSS code for you based on your inputs .
22 . PXtoEM
PXtoEM is simple web tool that gives you a matrix for pixel , em , percent , and point units based on your body 's font size .
23 . Type Scale Calculator
Most people are familiar with Tim Brown 's Modular Scale calculator . The site has raised awareness about scale and helped to improve typography on the web . It 's also the inspiration for this project .
The Modular Scale site has been a great reference over the years , but sometimes it 's difficult to choose the proper scale without a visual reference . That 's why Jeremy Church has created Type Scale to bridge that gap .
24 . Fontifier
Fontifier lets you use your own handwriting for the text you write on your computer .
It turns a scanned sample of your handwriting into a handwriting font that you can use
in your word processor or graphics program , just like regular fonts such as Helvetica .
25 . CSS Txt
CSSTXT is an uncomplicated web tool for generating CSS style rules for web typography .
A flurry of development is changing a part of downtown Seattle left untouched for years .
It 's a stretch of the Pike-Pine street corridor -- between 1st and 5th avenues and between Pike Place Market and Westlake Park .
“ This is the center of the city . It 's the soul of the city , ” said Greg Smith , CEO of Urban Visions .
“ It was a rough neighborhood ( until ) fairly recently , ” said Smith .
The issue dates back years and have been well-chronicled . A 2015 KING 5 story talked about the Seattle Police Department “ 9½ Block Strategy ” , meant to address the area that 's been plagued by drugs and disorder .
“ It was total blight and to me that was the opportunity , ” said Smith .
Urban Visions is the developer behind the new high-rise apartment building , West Edge , which starts leasing Monday . The Pike Street and 2nd Avenue location is expected to open in February .
Smith thinks adding more residential in this neighborhood will make it safer .
“ It had been an overlooked area and so , people tend to congregate where there 's not a lot of activity , ” he said .
Neighboring business owner Gregorio Rosas owns Ludi 's Restaurant across the 2nd Avenue and Pike Street intersection . Rosas agrees the area 's safety has improved in recent years .
“ You could really see the difference now , ” said Rosas . “ I think the good places coming up will really make downtown safe and livable . ”
Smith believes the recent development activity , which includes a handful of projects visible within one block , will continue to transform this neighborhood .
“ I honestly think this is going to be one of the finest stretches of the city when all of this new construction is done in the next year , ” he said .
Copyright 2017 KING
The White House on Wednesday declined to criticize Jordan 's decision to execute two convicted jihadists after the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) released a video showing a Jordanian pilot being burned to death .
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the two Iraqi jihadists had gone through the Jordanian justice system and were `` convicted of very serious terrorism-related crimes . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
He would not comment on the timing of the executions , which came just a day after the release of the ISIS video .
`` I do n't have the working knowledge of the Jordanian justice system to render an opinion on this , '' Earnest said . `` All I know is that the individuals that we 're discussing here were individuals who were convicted of terrorism-related crimes . They were individuals who were sentenced to death and these were individuals who 'd been serving time on death row . ''
The prisoners executed were Sajida al-Rishawi , a failed suicide bomber , and Ziyad Karboli , a member of al Qaeda .
Jordan had offered to trade Rishawi for Moaz al-Kasasbeh , the pilot who was captured when his plane crashed in late December . But it appeared that effort was too late , with Jordanian media reporting he had actually been executed a month before the video depicting his death was released on Tuesday .
The European Union has criticized the executions , which came shortly after a spokesman for Jordan 's armed forces vowed their `` revenge will be as huge as the loss of the Jordanians . ''
More generally , the White House said it was doing everything it could to make sure resources were in place to help rescue coalition pilots whose aircraft were downed during the bombing campaign against ISIS .
Earnest said the country had `` taken the necessary precautions to do everything we can to try to make that very dangerous mission as safe as possible . ''
The White House sidestepped questions about whether the U.S. should provide military assistance , including weapons , to Jordan , as some members of Congress have called for .
Earnest said that decision would be driven by whether the Jordanian government made a specific request . He would not say whether King Abdullah II or other top Jordanian officials had done so in recent conversations with the president and senior administration officials .
“ I left everything behind in Syria just for my safety and my kids ' safety , ” she said . “ Where are we supposed to go ? Can Donald Trump answer me that question ? I do n't think so ... Sometimes I think if we are not welcome here , where can we go ? I do n't find the answer and that 's really hard . ”
The president 's message has been that A 's family and others like hers do belong here .
“ Nearly four centuries after the Mayflower set sail , the world is still full of pilgrims—men and women who want nothing more than the chance for a safer , better future for themselves and their families , ” Obama said recently in a rebuke of the anti-Syrian fervor . “ What makes America , America is that we offer that chance . We turn Lady Liberty 's light to the world , and widen our circle of concern to say that all God 's children are worthy of our compassion and care . That 's part of what makes this the greatest country on Earth . ”
In Connecticut , Malloy expressed faith that the U.S. could separate the dangerous from the desperate .
“ Women were raped . Children were damaged . People have lost limbs . We have an obligation as Americans to do our part in those situations , but do it at a very high standard with a very good background system , which I think the federal government has , ” he told Eyewitness News .
The Democrat made headlines earlier this year when he personally greeted a Syrian family that had been scheduled to arrive in Indianapolis , Indiana , but was diverted to New Haven , Connecticut , after Governor Mike Pence ordered state agencies to halt resettlement activities after the Paris attacks . French authorities later found a falsified Syrian passport near the body of one of the suicide bombers .
“ I was thankful we have a governor who was saying welcome . Happy to be in a state where we have that kind of leadership , ” Schiavino-Narvaez , the Hartford schools chief , said . “ The people who come to our door are children and we have an obligation to educate every child that comes to us in the highest quality manner as possible . Whoever comes to us , we need to give them a great education . ”
The Hartford Public Schools committee formed to deal with refugee students will incorporate members of the district 's policy , communications , family , and community engagement teams as well as Catholic Charities managers .
The group may work to identify a school with a higher Muslim-student population that has space for new Syrian students . Other questions facing the committee are whether the district will need to hire more teaching staff with bilingual skills—state law requires that districts provide bilingual education whenever a school has 20 or more students whose dominant language is not English . An influx of new students could cause a ripple in busing plans for the roughly 21,200-student district . Hartford Public Schools ' managers are also preparing to find additional money to address students ' other academic needs that could arise .
A man was found dead in his car in the middle of an intersection in the Jersey City Heights this afternoon and investigators are calling the death suspicious , authorities confirmed .
The man was found with a gunshot wound to his head at Waverly Street and Palisade Avenue just before 1 p.m. , said a source with knowledge of the initial investigation .
It appears that the vehicle , a later model Cadillac with Georgia license plates , was involved in an accident , a witness at the scene said .
Homicide detectives from the Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office and Jersey City police are at the scene investigating , officials said .
The car appeared to be heading east on Waverly and appears to have rammed into an SUV pulling out of a Palisade Avenue parking lot . At the moment , a white sheet is draped over the front windshield .
All windows of the black Cadillac appear intact . Investigators were speaking to the SUV Driver .
Residents in the area are watching from a distance as numerous police officers work at the scene . Some residents said they did n't hear anything out of the ordinary . One witness said he saw the man who was killed slumped over in the driver 's seat .
Luis Gonzales , who lives on Palisade Avenue , half a block from where dead man 's car was said , `` I heard a crash and I ran over and I knocked on his window . I thought he was unconscious . He was bleeding from the head . ''
`` I was tapping on the window saying 'You okay ? Are you okay ? ' '' Gonzales said . `` I could n't even see his eyes because of his sunglasses . ''
Gonzales then called 911 . He added that the driver of the SUV that was damaged when the victim 's car rolled into it also thought the man had simply passed out .
At 4:30 p.m. Hudson County Assistant Prosecutor Gene Rubino said the death is considered suspicious and the investigation is active but he said he had no additional information to release at this time .
The man was found a block away from the scene of a murder-suicide last September , in which an 18-year-old woman was stabbed by her ex-boyfriend .
In Dec. , 2009 a man was found naked and dead in shopping cart a half block from where the body was found today .
The long-range strategic ballistic rocket Hwasong-12 ( Mars-12 ) is launched during a test Thomson Reuters After North Korea overflew Japan with a missile launch early Tuesday , the island nation may have no choice but to knock down any further missile launches or learn to live with such provocations .
North Korea has reached a point in its missile development where it can no longer simply fire missiles straight up in the sky as it has in the past . To continue to learn and advance , North Korea must now start firing its long-range missiles on realistic trajectories , which , due to geography , means overflying its neighbors .
`` This ballistic missile launch appeared to fly over our territory . It is an unprecedented , serious and grave threat to our nation , '' a top Japanese government spokesman told Reuters .
`` We will make utmost efforts to firmly protect the lives of the people , '' Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told Reuters .
North Korea 's missile launch Tuesday morning local time does n't just threaten the safety of Japanese people , it also serves as a direct military provocation . The US and South Korea are currently holding a military exercise , and the US and Japan just completed Northern Viper , a military drill of their own .
A US Navy ship launches an SM-3 . Wikimedia Commons Additionally , Japan had just completed a test of its Patriot Advanced Capability III missile defense system before the launch , the New York Times ' Mokoto Rich reports .
The US and Japan both field Aegis-radar equipped guided-missile destroyers in their navies , and they both come armed to the teeth with SM-3 missile interceptors . With the ships in the right place at the right time , the US or Japan could likely knock out some North Korean missile fires , which would keep Pyongyang from gathering important data from the later stages of the launch .
But more important than thwarting North Korean missile tests would be sending the message that Japan wo n't stand for these dangerous provocations .
`` NK missile flight over Japan is an Archimedean point for the US , '' Tal Inbar , the head of the space research center at the Fisher Institute for Air & Space Strategic Studies tweeted atfer the launch . `` No REAL ACTION - and we will see more missiles on the same path soon . ''
Much of what happened on that fateful day in October 2010 is a hazy memory . There was a heavy tackle from Manchester City 's Nigel De Jong , excruciating pain as Ben Arfa 's leg broke in two places , a stretcher , an oxygen mask and Newcastle 's fans chanting his name as he was carried off the pitch .
But during the months of rehabilitation Ben Arfa had his moment of clarity . He would never be the player he should be unless he changed as a person .
“ I did think my career could be over . It is impossible not to think a bit like that when your leg is broken in two places , ” said Ben Arfa , who will relish running at a makeshift Manchester United defence on Sunday afternoon .
“ I was angry about it at first , but as time has passed , I 'm not angry anymore . It was a hard tackle , but I 'm OK and it has made me a stronger person , maybe a better person .
“ When you are not playing football for such a long time it gives you a lot of time to think . It made me contemplate what football meant to me . I think it was an important period . I realised a football career is something that is over very quickly . I needed to make the most of the time I had , not waste it . ”
For years the son of Tunisian immigrants had been talked about as one of France 's finest talents , yet he had been criticised for almost as long . He was described as selfish , volatile , flashy and conceited . He was a brilliant footballer who was in danger of never being able to prove it .
Two years on from that horrific leg break , Ben Arfa is , according to his manager , Alan Pardew , “ playing the best football of his career ” .
Adored by Newcastle supporters , who have always loved a maverick , the 25 year-old retains all his good attributes . He is explosive , unpredictable , tricky and skilful but , for the first time , he is also regarded as a team player .
“ I had a reputation for being hot-headed , but I feel as though I 've grown up , ” he said . “ I 'm calmer now , more serene , but that comes from being more mature .
“ Young footballers are selfish . I was selfish . It was all about me and what I did . When you are young you think about showing off , you always want to prove yourself , to be the centre of attention .
“ You want people to say you are the best , but as you get older you realise it 's a team game and to bring out the best in yourself , you have to put yourself at the service of the team .
“ I 'm arriving at my peak , I 'm starting to realise my full potential . I do n't think I 'm quite there yet , but I 'm pleased with how things are going . I 'm a better player now than when I signed for Newcastle .
“ I 'm more mature as a person and more mature as a footballer . The two go hand in hand , the basis of the player is the person . I 've grown up . ”
He has grown into a footballer who is not only capable of breathtaking skill – consider the goals he scored against Blackburn and Bolton last season – but also a player who tracks back and fights to win the ball after he loses it .
“ Playing in England , I 've learnt you have to work hard all the time , ” he said . “ When I came here , if I lost the ball , I did n't try to win it back , now I always try to get it back .
“ You always have to give 100 per cent . Every game is tough , whether you are playing the best team or the worst , that is English football 's charm . ”
He is not perfect , of course . No questions about his absence from the France squad were allowed in this interview , although he is unlikely to play again for his country while Didier Deschamps is manager , given their spectacular fallout when both were at Marseille .
Ben Arfa has not always been easy for managers to like . He was involved in a dressing-room row while playing for France at the European Championships , but it seems all he needed was to feel as loved as he does on Tyneside .
“ The supporters have helped me a lot , not just in helping me get back from my injury , but also when things have not gone so well for me on the pitch .
“ We feed off each other . It gives me that little bit extra at Newcastle I 've not had at other clubs . They encourage me to take risks , to try and make things happen . When things go wrong , they just want me to keep going , to keep trying . I feel really loved .
“ It is the ideal marriage for me . I love the passion of the game here , it is incredible . I thrive on that . It gives me a lot of pleasure to play football in this country . ”
As much as Ben Arfa has matured , credit must also go to Pardew , as his number 10 acknowledged .
“ I 've not had a close relationship with a manager before , ” Ben Arfa said . “ He knows when I need to be praised and when I need to be criticised .
“ He asks me questions . He does n't let me do what I want , but he does n't just tell me what to do either .
“ It 's the best relationship I 've had with a manager and he has been very important to me at Newcastle . He is the coach who has understood me the most . ”
L'enfant terrible : Hatem Ben Arfa 's highs and lows
The Ku Klux Klan ( KKK ) might sound like a cultural relic , hardly taken seriously in the 21st century , but it is actively recruiting American Veterans . A recent VICE documentary takes an inside journey into this divisive hate group , uncovering why Veterans are joining their ranks .
Founded shortly after the civil war , the KKK originally served as a support-group for disenfranchised and disgruntled confederate Veterans . Their mandate read :
“ To protect the weak , innocent and defenseless from the indignities , wrongs , and outrage of the lawless , the violent , and the brutal ; to relieve the injured and oppressed especially the widows and orphans of ex-Confederate soldiers ”
Taking out the last line , one might mistake this for a contemporary social justice initiative or a counter-terrorist mandate . How could this be the mandate of one of the most infamous hate groups ? The answer to this question gives us insight into why Veterans have joined the KKK .
What do Veterans , the KKK , and the rest of us have in common ? The need for a sense of justice and belonging . The most extreme acts of violence are often committed due to one 's sense that it is for a just cause . Even murder-suicides are shown to result from a perversion of virtue , as argued by psychologist Thomas Joiner .
The KKK always had close recruitment ties to periods with a large influx of Veterans in transition . This occurred after each of the world wars , continuing to the most recent influx of Veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . Veterans are a prime target for the KKK because of their training as well as their vulnerability during transition . In addition to dealing with anger and psychological traumas , Veterans in transition are often seeking a sense of belonging . Regarding the Klan , as a well-decorated Purple Heart Veteran in the documentary states at 4:15 :
“ …you get to know these guys and it 's like a sense of belonging . It 's like you found brothers and sisters you never knew you had . ”
Upon hearing that line , it sounded strangely familiar . In my own research a Veteran expressed a similar sentiment when discussing the sense of belonging he found at Treble Victor – an entrepreneurial support-group for Canadian Veterans . He stated : “ it 's like meeting family you never met . ”
When struggling with transition , Veterans need a group to come home to . Although biological and conjugal families often assist , they are not enough . Veterans require meaningful occupational groups that can guide their new mission in a search for justice . This way , we can combat the influence of predatory hate-groups like the KKK and their perverted sense of virtue , while also utilizing the elite skills and training of our nations Veterans .
Like this article ? Join the mailing list to receive email updates when new ones are published :
Guerrilla Gardening
Guerrilla Gardening is the act of illegally gardening in spaces that are not technically yours to garden , to make subversive statements , protests , or as a form of direct action . The idea goes all the way back to 1973 !
In other words , guerrilla gardeners take unloved or neglected land and assign it a new purpose – to make things pretty or useful . Cities are full of waste land and unused public spaces which people walk past every day without noticing . Spaces which would look a lot better if they were green !
Some guerrilla gardeners prefer to work at night when they can be more discreet . Others are activists who 'll do so in broad daylight , when everyone can see what they 're doing . Some choose to grow flowers to make places brighter . Others choose to grow fruit or vegetables ( though care should be taken not to grow anything edible in places where plants might absorb toxins ) .
I do n't know why I have n't posted any guerrilla gardening things on this blog yet , and I think I should change that .
In the meantime , here are some links !
Elwin Fontaine opened the door to his small St. Paul apartment on Thursday morning and was greeted by Minnesota United midfielder Ethan Finlay delivering him hot and cold lunches from Meals on Wheels .
“ So many of us need it , ” Fontaine said . “ It 's not only food , it 's cheer . ”
An enthusiastic Finlay joined Loons mascot “ PK ” and Meals on Wheels reps in delivering fresh food to residents in the neighborhoods around Allianz Field , the club 's under-construction stadium set to open at Interstate 94 and Snelling Avenue in spring 2019 .
In July of United 's debut Major League Soccer season , the Loons acquired the six-year Major League Soccer veteran from the Columbus Crew , who brought with him experience on the MLS Players Union 's Executive Board and the U.S. men 's national team .
It was a bit of a homecoming for Finlay , 27 , who was born in Duluth and mostly raised in Wisconsin . Volunteering is familiar and familial . His father , Brent , has worked at the YMCA for more than 25 years , and his mother , Julie , has been active with women 's health care and other initiatives .
Before totting meals Thursday morning , Finlay spoke with the Pioneer Press :
Why is it important to you to give back ?
So many reasons . I 've grown up in a household where my parents call themselves ‘ professional volunteers . ' … For me , I just think it 's part of our job . The community gives us so much . Related Articles Minnesota United counting on Ike Opara to be leader and defensive upgrade
Minnesota United will have company . Here 's what 's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field .
Minnesota United 's starting lineup now ‘ on equal footing ' with MLS competition
Minnesota United to play Hertha Berlin in international friendly
New goalie Vito Mannone leaves Loons to address immigration paperwork in England
You participated in online commentary for MLSsoccer.com during the playoffs . Is a role in media something you want to pursue ?
I think it 's an option . When I try to be prepared , I do n't plan on having more than six months of vacation after I finish this job in eight to 10 years . So , for me , I 'm always trying things out . I would n't say it 's one or two on my list , in all honesty . I would like to stay within the sport of soccer or in the sports industry . I think it was a great opportunity , and I would be open for more .
Your former team the Columbus Crew might relocate to Austin , Texas , for the 2019 season . What 's your view of that situation ?
… I 'm crushed . I think it 's really sad . … I 've compared it — and it 's not quite the same — but it 's like taking the Green Bay Packers out of Green Bay and moving the Yankees out of New York . For our sport , for our league , they were the first team to commit the way that they did ( in building a soccer-specific stadium ) , and they had a great following .
Now , if you take the passion out of it , I get that some of the business metrics make sense . There is an argument that can be made that a move might be necessary . It 's obviously an option on the table . They could stay if they get a new stadium . Regardless of what happens , a new facility is needed in Columbus to try to keep pace .
The MLS playoffs span more than six weeks , ending with the Cup final between Toronto and Seattle on Saturday . Plus , there 's a two-plus week international break in between . What can be done to fix the MLS playoff format ?
What I would like to see is us try to go to more one-game-offs . I think the two-game … series of the conference semis and conference finals is a little bit too long . ( The two game-format can encourage the higher-seeded road teams to play Game 1 to a defensive-focused draw , knowing they will play at home to finish the series in Game 2 ) . I would like to see teams come out from the opening whistle and play open soccer and I think that ( a one-game playoff ) encourages it .
I think you go that route and start moving there , maybe you keep the conference final as the two-leg ( format ) if you really want , and then you have the MLS Cup . We can pack that into three or four weeks . That is what it should be . Can we have the pinnacle leading up to right around Thanksgiving ? …
The counterargument is TV . We are losing games , people in the seats . That 's obviously important and that 's a money thing . I get that .
As a player , I would like us to continue the momentum . I 'm a fan , as well . I 'm seeing commercials , but I know that game is in two weeks . You forget about it . You have every other sport happening , and they are going every week . I think we lose that casual fan .
How sweet was it for you to have two goals and two assists in your first three games in Minnesota ?
It validated the reason I wanted to leave ( Columbus after six years ) . … A fresh start with a new group of guys and a new coaching staff . That was extremely important in wanting to move . I could have stayed in Columbus and been a part of this playoff push and not have been as big of a part as I wanted to be . I had too many aspirations for myself . Minnesota felt the same way . ‘ We want you to be an integral part of our team , ' and that is what you want to be a part of , especially at this point in my career . …
Every player wants to be remembered wherever they go , and I thought I had an opportunity to come in here and maybe finish my career and take this team to heights they have never been to . … Hopefully that starts in 2018 with our first playoff appearance and then moving forward from there .
What does Unite need to get to the playoffs ?
Player acquisitions … will be extremely important . I think from a staff perspective , we are in a pretty good place . We will obviously be adding at least one more staff member ( a goalkeeper coach ) on a sporting side . I think our scouting network is getting better and better . I think we 've learned a lot . Obviously , the coaches have been abroad . …
I think as an organization we have a good idea . Hopefully we will see some ( higher-priced Target Allocation Money ) players , maybe a ( highest-priced Designated Player ) in the next 12 months . That will be important for our organization . Having the right signings and being the right fit for our community , our organization , all those things are extremely important . You can sign really good players , but they have to work here . Now that we know how we are going to play with our current personnel , what we need will be extremely important for us this offseason . Could it make or break our season ? Maybe . I think what it will really dictate is how we start . I think last year , the reason for the slow start was we were n't quite ready and we made some acquisitions through the summer … and the team got better . … I have high hopes , I really do . To me , the playoffs are very much achievable with the group that we have . We need to build around the talent .
The word “ Metroidvania ” came into being to describe , very specifically , a subset of games in Konami 's Castlevania series that adopted a nonlinear , exploratory format reminiscent of Nintendo 's Super Metroid . Over time , its meaning expanded through use and misuse into a catch-all term that covers any platform action game with an emphasis on discovery and character growth , and a complex enough world to require auto-mapping . Linguistic prescriptivists may hate it , but “ Metroidvania ” does precisely what all good words should : It conveys a concept quickly , efficiently and clearly .
Yet it 's only now , more than a decade after “ Metroidvania ” entered the mainstream gaming lexicon , that someone has finally created the first game to truly embrace the full scope of the word : WayForward 's The Mummy Demastered .
Launching this fall on PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , Steam and Nintendo Switch , The Mummy Demastered in many ways feels like a game unstuck in time . As an adaptation of a major Hollywood film for PC and consoles ( rather than a quick free-to-play cash-in on mobile devices ) , The Mummy Demastered belongs to a vanishing breed . On top of that , it has an unapologetically old-school feel to it , with pixel-based sprite graphics and two-dimensional gameplay . It has the look of an indie game rather than a tie-in to a major studio film with budget of more than $ 100 million — but all of that works in its favor .
“ WayForward has always been a champion of pixel art , ” says The Mummy Demastered 's director , Austin Ivansmith . “ Our games were made popular on handhelds , where those pixel-style games would flourish , and where the constraints of the tech and the small resolution worked hand-in-hand . But seeing pixel art on a big screen is just as fun , even if the constraints are artificial these days .
“ For The Mummy , we looked at a couple of previous WayForward games for inspiration . With Mighty Switch Force HD , we took the pixel art and said , ‘ Let 's paint a big , beautiful version of it . ' That had its share of complications . A simple , 16x16-pixel sprite — how hard could it be to blow that up and interpret what it is ? As it turns out , the subtlety of those pixels can lead to a lot of different interpretations . It was a similar challenge with DuckTales : Remastered . You have to fill in what the pixels leave to the imagination .
“ With the Switch Force 2 console versions , we tried the opposite approach . We said , ‘ The art is already great , so let 's not do the paintover style this time . ' And it looked great left alone in its original pixel format . There 's something really beautiful about seeing pixel art on a big screen like that . Games like Shovel Knight , Axiom Verge and our Shantae games are some of my favorites . Sure there is some obvious nostalgia there , but I really like the timeless quality of pixel art , especially games of the Super Nintendo era . I love the NES , and the SNES holds a special place in my heart . So when given the opportunity to choose between HD or pixels for The Mummy Demastered , I really wanted it to feel like it could exist on the SNES or Game Boy Advance . ”
Perhaps surprisingly , the movie studio did n't have any objections to seeing its effects-heavy film reduced to a retro pixel style . “ They were champions of the look , ” says Ivansmith . “ The gaming group at Universal are WayForward fans from way back . We have worked with them in the past on Scorpion King and Despicable Me games , and have a long history . When this opportunity came up , they really favored the pixel-art approach and wanted WayForward to be the studio to make it . So when they approached us it was , ‘ Here 's the movie . Here are the parameters of the world . What do you want to make ? ' Right away it seemed like the perfect fit for a Metroidvania . So we pitched the idea of taking the agents that exist in this universe , [ and we ] made them our heroes and built the game around them .
“ In a way , ” Ivansmith says , “ it 's almost a sequel to [ WayForward 's 2011 DS Metroidvania ] Aliens : Infestation. ” The similarities definitely bear examination . Besides the moody pixel art and exploratory layouts , The Mummy Demastered also sidesteps the tricky challenge of directly adapting a film and instead exists in its periphery . Rather than assume the role of Tom Cruise 's Sgt . Nick Morton , players step into the anonymous boots of an agent for the Prodigium , the paramilitary organization that Universal Studios hopes to use as a sort of binding narrative thread for the Dark Universe franchise that The Mummy kicked off .
“ Prodigium is going to be a unifying element through all the films . They 're like the Knights Templar ; they 've existed for centuries and are following monsters , trying to keep track of them and keep evil at bay . In the film , the Prodigium agents are dressed in nondescript street clothes to keep a low profile . But in our game they have to go head to head with the monsters under Ahmanet 's control , so it made sense for these agents to gear up to send in the best of the best in S.W.A.T . or riot gear , because you can potentially die ... ”
Death becomes a critical play mechanic in The Mummy Demastered . As in Infestation , the anonymous Prodigium agents replace the standard video game concept of lives or continues ; when you fall in battle , Prodigium sends another generic agent to replace the lost fighter .
The Mummy Demastered puts a different spin on the idea than Infestation . Where the Aliens game gave players a limited number of colonial Marines , each with his or her own name and portrait , The Mummy Demastered does n't limit the number of continues available to you . Instead , punishment for failure takes a different form : Your fallen comrade becomes corrupted by Ahmanet and joins the armies of the undead , meaning you 'll be forced to destroy him . It 's not that simple , though , because the newly zombified hero literally is you , and possesses all the skills and upgrades your avatar did upon dying .
“ Feeling like you 're suddenly on the opposite end of your own weapon — being outgunned by your former self — is the essence of what makes it a fun challenge . ”
“ You can carry two additional weapons at a time , and if you die while carrying those ... well , if you want those weapons again , you need to hunt down your undead self and retrieve them , ” Ivansmith says .
The game does at least offer some mitigating factors to help offset the danger presented by a violent zombie armed with a hero 's skills and weapons . The Mummy Demastered uses a Halo-inspired arms system that allows you to carry a limited selection of the weapons and subweapons you 've collected at any given time . In order to swap weapons , you need to find one of the arms depots scattered around the map and change your loadout . While this increases the game 's difficulty in one respect — it forces you to make hard choices and limits your range of combat skills — it also prevents a death from completely overwhelming you . Since a fallen Prodigium agent retains his gear upon dying , you have to take out your comrade 's wight in order to reclaim his equipment . Your agent 's weapon limitations guarantee you 'll have some sort of backup — and that you wo n't have to face a zombie toting an entire arsenal .
Not that this necessarily guarantees you 'll have an easy time reclaiming your weapons . Precisely the degree of threat a fallen agent presents appears to be the biggest challenge Ivansmith 's team has to grapple with as the project nears its end .
“ Facing an undead agent is much easier now than when it was first implemented , but they are still our most challenging enemy in the game , ” he says . “ Initially , wherever you died , that 's where they 'd be raised from the dead and waiting for you , no matter how inconvenient . They had the full power of your upgrades and ammo , and their HP was based on how many health packs you were carrying . All of these combined factors made them nearly impossible to defeat . We made it more manageable by paring down the health of the undead agents , but keeping them equipped with your former weapons so that you feel like you 're taking on your former self .
“ It 's really fun to have the tables turn on you . Feeling like you 're suddenly on the opposite end of your own weapon — being outgunned by your former self — is the essence of what makes it a fun challenge . It 's jarring how vulnerable you feel to suddenly lose all of the gear you 've been collecting throughout the game , basically going back to square one out of nowhere , but it 's so rewarding when you kill your undead previous self and get your gear back .
“ It 's like those old-school games that were just unrelenting , but people still love playing them because they 're challenging and rewarding . I think the challenge of facing off against one of these agents and getting your gear back is very satisfying . I was doing a playthrough recently where I got near the final boss , and I died carrying one of the most powerful weapons in the game . I could 've beaten the game without [ it ] , but I really wanted my gear back . The fight was intense , and I was yelling and laughing like I would play a game at home — and when I finally killed my zombie-self and took my gear back , I had to hold myself back from yelling full volume in the office . It 's taken a lot of tuning over the course of the entire project but I 'm really proud of this death mechanic . ”
Along these lines , The Mummy Demastered 's loose connection to the film — the only actor to appear in-game is the pixel sprite of Sofia Boutella 's Princess Ahmanet — gave the team a great deal of latitude to diverge from the source material . Ivansmith admits it 's been a tricky balancing act at times , though .
“ I remember playing old games and thinking , ‘ Why did they do this ? Why is there a giant spider in this game ? They should have stuck closer to the movie ! ' And now I 'm doing the opposite of what I would have done back then — ‘ it has to be different so it can be its own thing ! ' It 's an interesting contradiction , and Universal has really gone to bat for us and embraced this idea of filling the game with enemies and monsters like old games . ”
By far , though , the most interesting creative decision WayForward has taken with The Mummy Demastered has been the way it 's interpreted the Metroidvania concept . With the game 's near-future sci-fi vibe and armored , gun-toting agents , it plays very much like a real-world take on Metroid . The Prodigium agents are n't quite Samus Aran , but they use many of the same rules that she does . Everything from 100-point health upgrades to secondary weapons that can blast through armored doors ... and while the first hour of the game does n't grant any high-leaping boots or double-jump skills , it definitely contains recognizable hooks for players to return to once they 've upgraded their capabilities .
“ Our thought was , ‘ Let 's take these pieces of Castlevania , and these pieces of Metroid , and these pieces of Contra , and try to make them all work together as [ their ] own thing . ' ”
At the same time , though , the game world gives off massive Castlevania vibes . The adventure begins in the moonlight-soaked Gothic architecture of London , and pathways to several subterranean areas open once you beat the first boss — that giant spider . Prodigium agents may handle like Samus , but their foes are creatures of the night : ravens , bats , skeletons and the like . The ravens behave a lot like Castlevania 's : They rise from their perch as you draw near , then swoop down to attack . Skeletons toss bones in a looping arc . The bats flutter back and forth while spitting fireballs , exactly like the giant bats on the bridge to the clock tower at the end of the original Castlevania .
Ivansmith admits those familiar vibes did n't happen by mistake . “ Our thought was , ‘ Let 's take these pieces of Castlevania , and these pieces of Metroid and these pieces of Contra , and try to make them all work together as [ their ] own thing . ' I think we 've done that pretty well . ”
“ Early in development , I played a lot of Metroid and Super Metroid again , ” he says . “ I also played a lot of AM2R , because that had just been released the previous year . And through Castlevania : Aria of Sorrow again , front to back , collecting all of the souls . It was really fun to experience again . I noted that I tend to get lost in Castlevania titles , but never in Super Metroid — it does a great job of pathing you through the game . So seeing how one game world works [ versus ] another — and really scrutinizing what differentiates Castlevania from Metroid — helped inform what our game would become .
“ I do n't want to make it sound as rudimentary as copying , but that 's what every artist does as a starting point . I had an instructor in college who would say during figure drawing classes : ‘ Do you like what the person next to you is drawing ? Copy it . When you do it , it wo n't look like theirs . ' Once you go through the process of creating your own version , it becomes its own thing .
“ And , speaking of copying , it 's funny to go back and play through the original Castlevania or watch a speedrun of it , because those developers were basically just watching Universal monster movies and copying them , even riffing on the actors ' names for their fake credits . It 's been a joke completely lost on me until starting this game , because before even making the game or playing games for inspiration , I watched every single classic Universal monster movie . Having gone back and seen all the films , and all the actors ' names , it was interesting seeing how many references in Castlevania were actually ties back to those films !
“ So if a couple of our enemies seem similar to some Castlevania enemies , it might be time to watch some classic Universal Monster movies and see the source material for yourself . ”
Sherman 's 43-inch running vertical jump is a Sport Science record . Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
NO ONE talks a bigger game than Seahawks CB Richard Sherman . We turned to Sport Science to see how the NFL 's interception leader since 2012 has managed to live up to his own hype .
2 : Height advantage , in inches , that 6 ' 3 '' Sherman has over the average NFL wide receiver .
38 : Height , in inches , of Sherman 's no-step vertical . That 's two inches higher than that of former NBA slam dunk champ Vince Carter .
2,700 : Approximate volume , in cubic feet , that Sherman covered when jumping from a standing position in Sport Science 's radius range test , which calculates the maximum amount of space an athlete can cover in all directions . That 's about the same volume as the combined size of two Sherman tanks .
43 : Height , in inches , of Sherman 's running vertical jump , a Sport Science record , topping WRs Larry Fitzgerald and Dez Bryant . That means Sherman can get a fingertip on a ball that 's 11 ' 3 '' off the ground .
2.7 : Seconds it takes Sherman to reach 20 mph . That 's nearly as fast as Vikings burner Cordarrelle Patterson ( 2.62 ) .
1.3 : Seconds it takes Sherman to track and deflect a pass seven yards away . That 's 0.03 of a second quicker than Cardinals All-Pro CB Patrick Peterson .
Follow The Mag on Twitter ( @ ESPNmag ) and like us on Facebook .
Israel is a democracy , we are told . We have freedom of speech to prove it . Aside from a few pesky details of a permanent state of emergency which allows the government and security forces to impose censorship of the media , we really are freeing to speak our minds – to an extent .
The legal limits on personal expression are draconian , but not very often invoked . It is the unspoken limits of freedom of speech which are more binding . Even as I write I hear the clinking of the chains in my mind : how much do I dare expose ? What might be the repercussions of this word , or that sentence ?
I , like most young Israeli Jews , went to the army at the age of 18 . At the time I barely even questioned this . Going to the army here is a fact of life , merely another step in the standard `` natural '' order : six years of grade school , six of high school , three in the army and so forth . In the army I was exposed to matters of varying levels of secrecy . Divulging them is , of course , illegal . But even that is not what I feel constrains me and so many others . What security clearance deems secret is not , as a general rule , an interesting subject for conversation other than in very specific circumstances , almost never occurring outside the army .
No , what constrain me are the social consequences of speaking certain taboos . On the most formal end of these is the concern that my security clearance may be re-evaluated , forcing me to relinquish my post in reserve duty for one with less sensitive information ( though of course I would never reveal classified information , which could result in loss of life ) .
However , of far greater concern is the less formal punishment which results from stating opinions as innocent as a parity of value between the lives of Jews and Palestinians ; or using the word `` apartheid '' in relation to the occupied Palestinian territories ; or suggesting the Israeli army might have committed war crimes in Lebanon or in Gaza .
There is no law against saying these things but there is certainly a price for saying them . Being identified with such opinions might cost one the recommendation of an already wavering superior . It might undermine a shaky friendship . It has even cost me romantic attachments , at their early stages .
No doubt such limitations on expressing political opinions exist everywhere . Perhaps the difference is that here , politics is everywhere . Politics is what we talk about over coffee and at the water-cooler . What we hear on the radio , what we see on television . Politics in Israel is a matter of personal identity in a way it is not for most people elsewhere .
Indeed , sometimes politics supersedes families , or exists in an uneasy truce with them . In All in the Family Meathead was told : `` You know there are three things you ca n't talk about with Daddy : religion , politics and everything else ! ''
Well , I can talk to my father about anything – except politics . Within minutes a political discussion descends into a shouting match . Likewise with many friends and colleagues . For those of us on the ever-shrinking left-leaning side of the Israeli political spectrum , politics becomes increasingly off-limits in polite society , something we can only talk about among ourselves for fear of alienating others .
Never is this more apparent than when it really matters . When the war in Lebanon raged three years ago it was palpably difficult to say anything against the fighting . The word `` traitor '' was often in the eyes of those I spoke to , and too often on their lips . Saying one is as sad over the death of a Lebanese as of an Israeli , in times of war becomes nearly unthinkable . I tried it during a far more general discussion among students at the time and the whole debate was thereafter derailed : it became a competition to convince me I was wrong .
And yet in the last war with Gaza the situation was , if anything , worse . While during the Lebanon war the media sometimes aired criticism of the fighting ( albeit usually from a tactical point of view , rather than a principled opposition to the war ) , during the Gaza war I felt as though every radio station was staffed by propagandists , every newspaper by a government spokesman or spokeswomen . It was not any law which told them to say and write as they did . There was no need for a law – the journalists and analysts probably felt what I was feeling , that the public had no patience for a different point of view .
This is a troubling phenomenon . I no longer feel I can rely on local media to honestly report on sensitive issues . Even facts are charged with editorialising . Without a public voice , leftists are on their own in trying to form their perceptions . It becomes more difficult to hold to a belief when everyone you know thinks differently .
As the political establishment moves to the right the concern is that what are now informal marks of disapproval of leftist views will be legislated into law . The first attempts have already been made , with Yisrael Beiteinu , the far-right party in the ruling coalition , sponsoring laws like a prohibition of marking the day of the Palestinian nakba . The law failed to pass , but a democracy is about more than its laws .
Even if there is no law to curtail freedom of speech , if we are effectively discouraged from speaking through informal means , then this freedom has no real substance . From there it is only a matter of time before this freedom is gone from the law books , as well as from the talk shows , the water-coolers and the living rooms of the country .
Bad boys , bad boys '' ¦whatcha gon na do ? If the ratings can be taken as an indicator , TV viewers love to see drunken trailer park residents beat up on their relatives . This week our TVHolic looks at that weekly guilty pleasure , COPS .
1 . It all started with a Documentary
COPS is the brainchild of writer/producer John Langley . In 1983 Langley was working with Malcolm Barbour on a documentary called Cocaine Blues , which was a graphic depiction of the effect of the so-called upscale drug on the average American . While researching Cocaine Blues Langley was on the scene during several drug raids , and it occurred to him that the logistics , preparation and execution of such police work from the cop 's point of view might make for an interesting television series .
2 . Geraldo was an Influence ( sort of )
Langley worked with Geraldo Rivera on a two-hour special entitled American Vice , which again focused on the War on Drugs and followed various law enforcement agencies on the job . Equipped with not only a concept but also a working knowledge of what would be involved ( a physically fit camera crew that could keep up with police officers while carrying unwieldy equipment ) , he began pitching his new show idea to the networks . He was met with every reaction from disdain to outright incredulity . You ca n't have a TV show without at the very least a narrator , he was informed . No one will agree to appear on-camera , we 'll get our ( posteriors ) sued from here `` ˜til doomsday , said several execs . It was all a matter of timing when Langley finally hit pay dirt in 1989 . The Fox Network was in its infancy and was looking for unusual , `` edgy ''  programming in order to set itself apart from the Big Three networks . Langley had done his homework and had figured out the necessary technology `` “ the action could be filmed live using microwave technology and bouncing signals up to helicopters and back down to trucks . Fox was impressed by his pitch and ordered 45 episodes .
3 . Will your city get picked ?
The COPS crew does n't just show up at a random police precinct ; they only film on location when they 're invited by either a city 's mayor , police chief or other official . Upon receiving such an invite , the producers of the show meet with the local law enforcement officials and then ride on patrol for several different shifts to see if the area meets the `` production needs ''  of the show . ( Translation : there must be some sort of criminal action worth filming . There have been several occasions when the crew spent three or four days riding with the local constables only to find that the biggest crimes in town were parking infractions . ) Once an area is deemed suitable for filming , all the proper contracts are signed , and a two-man COPS crew rides in each police car . In one-person cars , the camera operator rides shotgun while the sound mixer sits in the back seat . In two-officer cars , both crew members sit in the back . They both wear ballistic resistant vests while on the job . Surprisingly , the only major injuries suffered by COPS crew members in 20 years of filming have been slipping and falling while running through back yards in the dark , and being hit by flying objects when filming an angry crowd .
4 . Why There are Fewer Blurry Faces
In the early days of the series , many of the perp 's faces were blurred . Folks were unfamiliar with the show and were wary of appearing on camera . However , once COPS became a hit , over 90 % of the arrestees signed release forms . Even though their initial reaction might have been `` Get those cameras out of my face , ''  once they found out that the footage was for COPS , they willingly agreed to be on TV . Producer Langley shrugs and figures it must have something to do with that `` 15 minutes of fame ''  thing . Interestingly enough , `` blurring ''  is time consuming and expensive in post-production , so in later seasons of the show , a lot of perps who refuse to sign the waiver never get on camera .
5 . When the Crew Gets Involved
Once in a great while , members of the COPS crew break that fourth wall and get involved with the situation at hand . In one episode a victim was unconscious and not breathing , and paramedics had n't yet arrived . The COPS sound mixer happened to be a former EMT and he assisted the attending police officer in providing CPR . On another occasion , the police officer that had been in foot pursuit of a suspect was injured , and the camera operator ( who was a Las Vegas Reserve Police Officer ) handed off his equipment to the sound mixer and assisted the officer in tackling the suspect .
I 'd love to hear about your favorite COPS memories or moments . I 'll wait a moment while you don your wife-beater undershirt and light up a Lucky Strike .
Glance at the circuit map for the Singapore Grand Prix and you would be forgiven for thinking it is a boring stop-start track with a load of samey 90-degree corners . But you would be wrong .
The corners are not what they seem - many of them are really nice and sweeping . It 's a really good drivers ' track - a real challenge .
The fact that it 's a night race adds a whole different dimension . The lighting is really good but there is no doubt it changes the drivers ' eye perspective .
Everything looks that little bit different . It all suddenly becomes glitzy and glamorous .
The colours of the cars stand out to those of us watching , and to the drivers as well . Visual definition is improved greatly for them .
Some drivers go particularly well at Singapore - and the three that spring to mind immediately are Fernando Alonso , Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel .
Singapore Grand Prix facts Laps : 61
Circuit Length : 5.065km ( 3.148 miles )
Number of times held : 5
First held : 2008
Most wins ( drivers ) : Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel ( 2 )
Most wins ( constructors ) : Red Bull ( 2 )
Obviously , they are absolutely at the top of the sport , but I suspect that , if you looked into it , this would also have something to do with driving at night and eyesight .
Some drivers will react differently to the glare of the lights , and the reflections of the other cars . And I 'm sure that 's where you see a slight difference in the drivers ' abilities to use the limits of a given track .
Everyone 's eyesight is different and drivers respond differently to that . Different light levels affect people 's perceptions of space , meaning some people will leave bigger gaps at night than they would during the day .
And I 'm sure Alonso , Vettel and Hamilton are strong in that area as well as being world-class drivers .
I saw this with Rubens Barrichello back in the Jordan days when we were testing at Paul Ricard in the south of France .
The session was due to finish at 6pm , but the sun was going down and he came into the pits at 5.30pm saying he could n't see the fast corner at the end of the long straight .
Meanwhile , Karl Wendlinger in the Sauber kept going until 6pm . It was so dark you could hardly see the car but he was still doing competitive lap times . That 's all down to a difference in eyesight .
Singapore suits Seb 's car
From a championship perspective , it 's unfortunate that Singapore is a good track for Red Bull and Vettel , who leads Alonso by 53 points heading into the weekend .
The Red Bull has great rear downforce and traction , partly because of the way it uses the exhaust gases for aerodynamic effect . Red Bull , I believe , do this more effectively than any other team - as they have since 2010 .
The way Vettel drives works perfectly with this . He brakes into the corner , getting the car turning sharply by rotating it around the inside front wheel , and then gets on the throttle early , using the downforce created by the exhausts to stop the rear sliding too much .
This also helps him get off the corner like a rocket - one of the strengths of the Red Bull .
Media playback is not supported on this device Singapore Grand Prix highlights
A car also needs good front-end grip to work well at Singapore . There are a lot of medium-speed corners with walls on the outside , so the last thing you need is understeer - a lack of front-end grip - because you ca n't run wide . The driver needs to be able to be precise
That makes the track a bit of a compromise because if you have good front-end bite it is not always easy to have good traction as well .
Red Bull do n't have the best front end out there , but the quality of the exhaust system and Vettel 's driving style make up for that .
I also expect the track to suit Ferrari , if not to the same extent , and I expect Mercedes to bounce back to the front after two poor races in Belgium and Italy .
They seemed to get lost on the lower-downforce tracks of Spa and Monza but Singapore should be back in their sort of range , so I expect Hamilton to be a serious contender for pole position again .
The last big upgrades
Singapore is the first of the last batch of tracks , all of which are run at more or less the same downforce levels , so we will see the last big upgrade packages for the cars .
Will Kimi Raikkonen and Ferrari ever be the perfect pairing ? Chief F1 writer Andrew Benson : `` Ferrari have historically preferred dynamic , forceful characters who stamp their authority on the team . Raikkonen is low-wattage . Simplistically , he just wants to drive as fast as he can , tell the engineers what he thinks and then leave . '' Read more
Last year , this is what turned the championship in Vettel 's favour . He was a long way behind Alonso , but a very effective upgrade led to him winning the next four races in a row .
It will be interesting to see who has reacted in what way this year . Can Ferrari get that extra bit out of the car they need ? Is Alonso annoyed because Kimi Raikkonen is joining Ferrari and what effect will that have ?
It 's hot and humid in Singapore , but cooling is not as big an issue as you might imagine , simply because the race is run at night .
The night-time scheduling also means little detail changes for the teams , such as altering how the lights on the dashboard work .
But these are the same for everyone and now it 's the sixth year of the race , all the teams know what to expect .
A revised track lay-out
There is one novelty this year - the chicane at Turn 10 has gone , to be replaced by a proper corner .
That chicane was hopeless . It was really clumsy , with big kerbs that launched the cars and caused crashes .
Lewis Hamilton manoveres around a chicane during the 2012 Singapore Grand Prix
I spoke to the FIA about that a couple of years ago . They thought they needed the kerbs to slow the cars down so any crash would be less serious .
But they could n't see that if they did away with chicane they would n't crash in the first place . So it 's good to see that finally they 've changed it .
There is an added benefit to the change , too . It makes the next bit , the right-left at Turn 11-12 , more interesting . They are sweepers , and the cars will be carrying a lot more speed through there now so it gets a lot more demanding .
It also means Turn 13 will become a much better overtaking opportunity .
There will be a chance for a big braking job if a driver can hang on to somebody out of Turn Nine and follow them through 10-11-12 . It 'll add a bit of spice to a track that was already very good .
Gary Anderson is the former technical director of the Jordan , Stewart and Jaguar teams . He was talking to BBC Sport 's Andrew Benson .
LAS VEGAS , Nevada — Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump addressed roughly 7,000 excited supporters at the Venetian hotel on Sunday morning , telling them to respond to Hillary Clinton 's email scandal by at the polls : “ The only way to beat the corruption is to show up and vote . ”
He joked : “ We never thought we were going to say thank you to Anthony Weiner , ” referring to the fact that the FBI has re-opened its investigation into Clinton 's illicit email server based on emails found on Weiner 's computer during the course of a separate FBI investigation regarding his alleged online relationship with an underage girl .
Trump hit a number of his current campaign messages , including his promise to repeal Obamacare .
“ Obamacare is a catastrophe for your state , ” he said . “ … Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare , making it more expensive — in fact , much more expensive . My contract with the American voter includes a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare . ”
Trump also slammed the Iran deal , inviting the audience to consider the spectacle of $ 1.7 billion in cash being offloaded from cargo planes . He promised to lower taxes to expand business and jobs ; to suspend the Syrian refugee resettlement program ; and to build a wall along the border .
But his most strident attacks focused on Clinton 's email scandal . Trump reserved particular attention for Attorney General Loretta Lynch , whom he speculated had been offered re-appointment in a Hillary Clinton administration , in her infamous secret meeting with Bill Clinton before the FBI 's June decision on whether to recommend prosecution .
“ What makes us exceptional is that we are a nation of laws , and we are all equal under those laws , ” he said , adding later : “ We have one ultimate check on Hillary 's corruption , and that is the power of the vote . The only way to beat the corruption is to show up and vote , ” he said .
Trump also cited James O'Keefe — “ a very talented young man , ” he said — and Wikileaks ' exposé of Democrats ' efforts to incite violence at his rallies .
From the stage , he also directed staff to assist a woman who had taken ill , and invited her back when she felt better .
And he held aloft a supporter 's homemade sign that read : “ Latinas for Trump. ” Then he invited the sign 's owner onstage .
The woman , who said she was originally from Mexico , said that she supported Trump because he supports law and order . “ You have to come into this country legally , ” she added , to cheers .
One of those supporters , Enrico Jimenez , 26 , came dressed in a convict costume , with a Hillary Clinton mask , and posed for pictures with other Trump supporters .
“ Like most people , it pisses me off that politicians are corrupt and commit felonies and get away with it , as if they are above the law .
The FBI re-opening the case gives me a little hope . In the words of Hillary Clinton : ‘ There should be no bank either big to fail and no individual either big to jail ' . ”
In front of the media pen , several dozen women faced the television cameras holding “ Women for Trump ” signs . Laura , from Las Vegas , said , “ We 're facing you because we think you ignore us . No matter how many people. ” Another chimed in : “ We 're alive and well ! ”
James Barber of Arizona drove up to attend the rally , and said he was confident about Trump 's chances . “ I think he will do well , because of the hidden Trump supporters — what I call the ‘ hiding ' Trump supporters , ” he said .
“ I 'm a Trump supporter but I will not put a bumper sticker on my car because I 'm afraid it will be vandalized . ”
He was wearing a Rush Limbaugh T-shirt — “ I 'm a Hillary deplorable ” — and holding a homemade sign that read : “ Escapee from the Democrat plantation . ”
Barber explained : “ I voted for Clinton in 1992 . In 1993 , he passed a retroactive tax increase that took 75 % of my raise that I worked hard to get . I heard Bill Clinton say that he knew better than I did how to spend my money . That 's when I became a Republican , and I have been one for the last 23 years . ”
As for those Republicans who felt that Trump did not represent their party , he said : “ They would rather have a liberal Supreme Court . ”
Another attendee , Yaakov Kalman of Washington , D.C. , was highly visible in a bright orange yarmulke and t-shirt .
Asked how he felt about recent charges that Trump — or his supporters — were antisemitic , Kalman said : “ The most important issue is support for the security and longevity of Israel . Of the two candidates , he 's best for Israel .
“ I think in his heart he is not antisemitic . However , some of the things he says can be misconstrued and misinterpreted . ”
Warm-up speaker Wayne Allen Root — who has appeared for Trump at numerous local rallies — led cheers of “ Lock her up ! ” , and touted the news that the FBI would re-open its investigation into Clinton 's emails , calling it “ Christmas in October … Merry Christmas , deplorables ! ”
He joked that Hillary Clinton had been done in by a “ leaking Weiner , ” and accused the pollsters of “ premature prognostication. ” The combative Root closed : “ We will never accept defeat … I will give you my country when you pry it from my cold , dead hands . ”
Another speaker , Danny Tarkanian — son of local basketball legend Jerry Tarkanian , and a candidate for Congress in Nevada 's 3rd congressional district — had a different approach . When the crowd started chanting “ Lock her up ! ” , he responded , to cheers : “ I 've got something better … why do n't we just vote her down ? ”
Organizers informed fans throughout the rally that there were buses outside the Venetian to take them to the polls for early voting and bring them back .
The Venetian is owned by Sheldon Adelson , a “ megadonor ” to Republican and pro-Israel causes , as well as a philanthropist who has established a network of addiction clinics with his wife , Miriam .
Trump thanked both of the Adelsons at the start of his speech , to cheers from the audience .
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n't Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
A cornerback is a cornerback is a cornerback .
Teams throw a fifth defensive back – often of the cornerback variety – on the field in more than half their snaps , and have for years now . A team 's base defense is still the main method of strategy , but sub-packages have an equal level of importance .
The escalation of this shift in defensive tactics has occurred throughout the career of Steelers cornerback William Gay . A fifth-round draft pick in 2007 , Gay has flipped between a starting spot and nickel duties , but since his second season , and including a one-year stop in Arizona in 2012 , has n't played fewer than 540 snaps .
He 's a cornerback , therefore , he 's going to get on the field .
Gay is the elder statesman among a Steelers ' cornerback group as eclectic as any other on the team . Gay and Cortez Allen are the mid-round picks , but Allen got the extension Gay did not . Antwon Blake was n't drafted and Senquez Golson was taken in the second round of this draft .
To Gay , that 's the group they have , and it 's about results .
“ It 's not about who starts , because we had plenty of starters last year , ” Gay said , according to Tribune Review reporter Ralph N. Paulk . “ It 's about making plays . As a group , we have to get better . ”
Those plays have been needed for a few years now . The Steelers were the league 's top defense in 2010 , according to Football Outsiders ' DVOA statistic . They fell to 19th in 2013 and all the way down to 30th last year . It 's been a combination of a sagging run defense , a lack of splash plays ( sacks and takeaways ) and coverage that has n't come close to the suffocating blanket it used to be .
Who 's taking the first snap of the game matters far less than it used to . It seems likely the Steelers will have their top three cornerbacks – projected to be Allen , Gay and Blake heading into training camp – on the field plenty often . Steelers defensive coordinator Keith Butler and defensive backs coach Carnell Lake have suggested Golson has an opportunity to see the field as well .
So who cares who starts ? It 's going to be about who finishes .
Formosus , ( born c. 816 , Rome ? —died April 4 , 896 , Rome ) , pope from 891 to 896 , whose posthumous trial is one of the most bizarre incidents in papal history .
In 864 he was made cardinal bishop of Porto , Italy , by Pope Nicholas I , who sent him to promote the conversion of Bulgaria . He was assigned missions to France by Pope Adrian II ( 869 ) and by Pope John VIII ( 875 ) but incurred the latter 's mistrust in 876 , presumably over a disagreement regarding the coronation of Charles II . Formosus fled Rome and was excommunicated . Pardoned in 878 in exchange for a promise to remain in exile , he returned to Rome in the 880s and was absolved under Pope Marinus I , who restored him to his see of Porto in 883 . During the pontificates of the popes Marinus , St. Adrian III , and Stephen V ( VI ) , Formosus 's influence grew , and he was elected Stephen 's successor in October 891 . Attempting to liberate Rome from the Spoletan Holy Roman co-emperors Guy II and his son Lambert , Formosus requested King Arnulf of the East Franks to invade Italy . In Rome in 896 Formosus crowned Arnulf emperor , but , while preparing to attack Spoleto , Arnulf was seized with paralysis and was forced to return to Germany . Formosus died shortly thereafter , leaving the discord unresolved .
At a Roman synod ( popularly called the “ Cadaver Synod ” ) conducted by Pope Stephen VI ( VII ) , Formosus 's political enemies had his nine-month-old corpse exhumed , propped up on a throne , and subjected to a mock trial—during which a deacon answered for the corpse . He was accused of violating canon law and of perjury , among other charges . Found guilty , his election as pope was declared invalid , his acts were quashed , and his fingers of consecration were cut off . Formosus 's corpse was then cast into a grave but later thrown into the Tiber River . These acts divided Rome politically , provoking an insurrection that resulted in Stephen 's imprisonment and his death by strangulation . During his brief , 20-day tenure , Pope Theodore II reinstated Formosus 's ordinations and solemnly reburied his body in St. Peter 's Basilica . Pope John IX also condemned Stephen 's synod and burned its acts .
Freedman reports : `` It 's quite possible that this March heat wave will be considered an unprecedented event in the US historical record , which extends back to the late 19th century , based on the margin by which records are being exceeded , the wide geographic scope of the heat wave , the duration of the event and the time of year when it is occurring . ''
March may become the warmest month ever in the United States . ( photo : News One )
Historic March Heat Wave Sets New Milestones
By Andrew Freedman , Climate Central
he Marches heat wave continues to shatter longstanding records from the Upper Midwest to the Northeast , with more than 2,200 warm temperature records set during the month so far . It 's quite possible that this March heat wave will be considered an unprecedented event in the U.S. historical record , which extends back to the late 19th century , based on the margin by which records are being exceeded , the wide geographic scope of the heat wave , the duration of the event and the time of year when it is occurring .
`` This will be a March event that we 'll look back on as one of the big March events of modern history , '' said Deke Arndt , who leads the climate monitoring branch of the National Climatic Data Center in Asheville , N.C .. `` If it 's not unprecedented , it 's definitely very impressive . ''
According to the HAMweather website , 1,192 record daytime highs were set in the U.S. from March 12-18 , along with 708 high minimum temperature records . This compares to just 66 coldest maximum temperature records , and only eight records for the coldest overnight low temperature . More records are likely to be set today through the end of this week , when a cooler airmass finally moves eastward ( as it does so , it may spark rounds of severe weather ) . This data may be missing some records set after March 15 , since there have been some problems obtaining data from the National Climatic Data Center 's website .
According to the CapitalClimate blog , so far this month warm weather records have been outpacing cold records by a lopsided ratio of 19-to-1 . Since January 1 , the ratio has been closer to 14-to-1 .
Temperature departures from average on during the period of March 1-18. Credit : NOAA/Southern Regional Climate Center .
In a long-term trend that has been found to be inconsistent with natural variability alone , daily record-high temperatures have recently been outpacing daily record-lows by an average of 2-to-1 , and this imbalance is expected to grow as the climate continues to warm . According to a 2009 study , if the climate were not warming , this ratio would be expected to be even . Other studies have shown that climate change increases the odds of extreme heat events .
The exceptional heat is especially evident when viewed location by location .
Take , for example , the case of International Falls , Minn . Known as the `` icebox '' of the nation , the city is famous for its frigid temperatures and late onset of spring . Yet on March 18 , the temperature at International Falls reached 79°F , setting a record for the month of March — beating the record of 77 degrees that was set just the day before ! Before this heat wave , the warmest temperature during the month of March was 73°F , set in 1960 .
In Chicago , the National Weather Service described the heat wave as `` historic and unprecedented . '' Chicago has recorded five days in a row in which temperatures reached or exceeded 80°F , shattering the previous record of two consecutive days . When Chicago hit 82°F on March 16 , it was the earliest it had ever been so warm there — breaking the old record by more than a week .
U.S. temperature records set between March 12-19. Credit : HAMweather.com .
Prior to this year , there had been just 10 March 80-degree days in Chicago , which means on average in March there 's an 80-degree high once every 14 years or so . Average temperatures for the month are on track to exceed the record for the warmest such month on record in the windy city . `` It is likely that Chicago and Rockford will not only break… but shatter their current record the warmest Marches , '' the Weather Service stated .
Milwaukee , Wisc . is also on track to set a record for the warmest March , beating the old record by 3.5°F . Even with cooler temperatures in the forecast for late this week , it 's likely that Milwaukee and Madison will both set records for the warmest three months of the year .
Just as it was a feature of the 2011 summer heat wave , this event has also seen many overnight low-temperature records being set . In fact , in parts of the Upper Midwest , some of the overnight lows threatened daytime-high temperature records .
In Madison , the temperature only got down to 60°F on Saturday — an all-time March record-high minimum temperature . The average temperature in Madison that day was 70°F , which is the warmest average temperature of any March day on record there .
Average temperature in Chicago during the warmest Marches on record , showing how much warmer this month has been so far . Credit : National Weather Service .
In Minneapolis , Sunday 's record high of 79°F was 37 degrees above average for the date . The Twin Cities recorded seven record highs and five record warm nighttime lows since March 10 , according to meteorologist Paul Douglas .
Minneapolis set records for the earliest 80-degree temperature on record ( March 17 ) , and the maximum low temperature for the month ( 59 degrees on March 17 ) .
`` Hyperbole aside , I honestly ca n't remember anything like this , even back in 1988 , when Minneapolis-St. Paul experienced 44 days above 90 . I 'm afraid we 've run out of red dots , '' Douglas wrote on his Minneapolis Star-Tribune weather blog , referring to the red dots signifying warm temperature records on weather maps .
Daily high temperature records have also been set in the Northeast , where Boston reached 74°F on March 18 , for example . The warm weather is expected to continue through most of the week in this region .
The weather pattern resulting in this heat wave is remarkably similar to ones that lead to prolonged periods of extreme heat during the summertime , with a huge dome of high pressure blocking the eastward movement of storms and cooler air off the Pacific . Some meteorologists are studying whether global warming is leading to more such `` blocking patterns , '' and there are some indications that this may be the case , although there is considerable uncertainty surrounding this question .
Getty Images
During Monday 's Bengals practice , center Russell Bodine fired a low snap at Andy Dalton and got an earful from the quarterback about the need to be sharper at that rather important part of his job .
It 's not the first time the issue has come up during this year 's training camp and it 's not the first time that Dalton has had harsh words for Bodine after a botched exchange . Offensive coordinator Hue Jackson was also upset about it , but said that he was going to let Dalton handle the issue on his own .
“ It 's his offense and he 's taking control , ” Jackson said , via ESPN.com . “ I do n't think he 's playing around with it . He knows that [ the snap issue ] exists , and he 's not going to let it exist . There were no more of those after that . ”
That 's not the only place where Jackson is happy to cede control to Dalton . Dalton only took six snaps in the preseason opener against the Giants , but he did n't like one of the plays that Jackson sent in from the sideline so he shook his head and waited for another one . Jackson was far from upset about Dalton 's dismissal , calling it “ a positive ” that shows how Dalton is “ growing in a lot of different ways ” as he enters his fifth season .
There have been plenty of Dalton critics sharing their opinions , but Jackson has n't been one of them . He 's been a steadfast supporter for the last couple of years and there are no signs that support is fading . That wo n't silence the other side if Dalton ca n't get the Bengals past a first playoff game this season , but it should keep Dalton in the team 's good graces through the end of the year at least .
As he traipses round the world collecting new fans and socks , Justin Trudeau might reflect that things are going pretty well .
When viewed from 35,000 feet above the issues , the Prime Minister is presiding over a new gilded age — a Reputation Institute study just named Canada number one in its index of most reputed countries , while an Ipsos MORI poll ranked it as the most positive influence on world affairs .
But on the ground , the reality is more ambiguous . The Liberal government has invested great political capital in efforts to build a pan-Canadian consensus when it comes to carbon taxes and pipelines .
Polling from fall last year suggested it might be possible to carry a majority of support in every region of the country , if a national carbon pricing plan that encouraged a shift toward greater use of clean energy were accompanied by a pipeline to get oil and gas to new markets .
The plan linking the introduction of carbon taxes with pipeline approval was a winner , gaining the support of three out of four Canadians , with majorities in every region , according to the survey by Abacus Data .
Since then , just about everything that could have gone wrong with Trudeau 's grand bargain has done so — carbon enthusiast Donald Trump was elected U.S. president ; an anti-pipeline coalition of New Democrats and Greens is set to take power in B.C . and oppose Ottawa 's approval of the Trans Mountain pipeline ; and now ,
a new poll suggests support for federal carbon-pricing has cooled as the Liberals ' plan moves from rhetoric to reality .
The new study by the Angus Reid Institute suggests support for a national carbon tax has fallen to 44 per cent from 52 per cent last November , and 56 per cent two years ago .
Canadians are concerned their industries may be hindered after Trump pulled out the Paris Agreement : 55 per cent believe Canada should hold off on carbon pricing to avoid being placed at a competitive disadvantage .
The Liberals unveiled their mandatory nationwide carbon price for provinces last October , which called for a minimum tax of $ 10 per tonne in 2018 , rising to $ 50 per tonne by 2022 — an increase that would add around $ 0.11 to a litre of gas .
At least half the population in every region outside Quebec told Angus Reid it is opposed to Ottawa setting the price for provinces that fail to create their own plan .
Opposition is strongest in Alberta and Saskatchewan , unsurprisingly , but is significant in the Maritimes , Ontario , Manitoba and B.C .
The government 's hope remains that the construction of a pipeline might weaken resistance to carbon pricing by accommodating both environmental and economic concerns .
But that winning coalition is falling apart in British Columbia , where two parties that campaigned against the expansion of the Kinder Morgan pipeline are about to take power .
Trudeau has said that regardless of B.C . 's change in government he stands by the National Energy Board 's approval of Trans Mountain . Natural resources minister Jim Carr said the federal government will be patient and wait for the process in B.C . to work itself out .
The hope among federal Liberals is that NDP premier-designate John Horgan will be pressured into silence on the file by unions who quite like the idea of pipeline construction jobs . But the longevity of an NDP government is going to rely on Green Party support , which will be contingent on opposition to Trans Mountain .
These are heady days for the Prime Minister on the world stage . He has an audience with the Queen in Edinburgh Wednesday , before heading off to save the world at the G20 later in the week .
Yet closer to home , the route to consensus on energy and the environment is in danger of being a road not taken .
• Email : jivison @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : IvisonJ
Regardless of whether you 're adding points to a current DVC membership or purchasing Disney Vacation Club for the first time , closing on the perfect point package can be a challenge . Rather than diving blindly into the DVC resale process , make sure you 're comfortable with the actual Disney Vacation club cost , and then employ a strategy based upon proven tactics to ensure that you get the ideal Disney property at the right price .
Tactic # 1 - Target DVC Listings with Banked Points
One of the lesser-known advantages to buying Disney Vacation Club resale is the opportunity to purchase point packages that include banked points . When you read `` banked points '' think bonus vacation points .
Disney Vacation Club members have the opportunity to `` bank '' points which means that they are reserved for a future use year . However , when the DVC property is placed on the resale market , the price is determined by the standard annual allotment and any banked points are given to the buyer at no additional cost .
Banked points must be used within the use year that they have been reserved for and can not be banked a second time . As a buyer , you essentially receive a one-time points bonus along with your purchase of a standard point package . To offset this , savvy sellers may expect a slightly higher price per point or ask that the buyer cover other closing costs . That is n't such a problem for the buyer : those extra points still come at a much lower cost than if purchased on the retail market , and they can be rented out for substantial returns .
Because banked points offer such a tremendous value to the buyer , the sale of these point packages can be extremely competitive . When you find an appealing listing with banked points , make a serious offer quickly , before the property goes off the market .
To help with this , Fidelity has created a DVC Priority Mail List that will deliver new listings to your email inbox 24 hours before they are advertised for sale to the public . It 's a great way to stay ahead of the competition and spot that perfect point package .
Tactic # 2 - Navigate First Right of Refusal with Caution
Disney has the option to purchase any DVC resale package under its Right of First Refusal policy . For a prospective DVC buyer , this means that the sale may be picked up by Disney even after a contract has been drafted and a sales price agreed upon . When this happens the prospective buyer has no choice but to go back on the hunt and find a different point package for sale .
Disney keeps quiet about all of the criteria used to determine whether a DVC resale package will be purchased by the company , but the price per point is definitely a critical factor . A contract in which the sales price is below the average market value is particularly prone to being purchased by Disney for a slightly higher price .
The key is to research the current average DVC listing prices and make offers accordingly . You can take a chance with a low offer , but even if the seller accepts , Disney may intercede and purchase the property instead .
Falling victim to Disney 's Right of First Refusal is n't the end of the world ; it just sets you back about 30 days ( the length of Disney 's typical review process ) , and forces you to pursue a different listing . To avoid this kind of delay , make more competitive offers and discuss them with a licensed broker in advance . On the other hand , you can afford to take more risk with low offers if a month or two wo n't make a big difference to your vacation plans .
Tactic # 3 - Balance Price per Point with Other Costs
Crafting a winning offer requires some diplomacy . After considering First Right of Refusal , you probably have an idea of the price you 're willing to pay per point , but there are other costs to consider . Number one is the closing cost . Buyers typically pay the closing cost of a DVC resale transaction , but this may be reversed if the seller is particularly eager to be relieved of the property .
Next consider the annual dues . These are always on the table for negotiation . If the majority or all of the vacation points for the current year have already been used , the seller will typically pay the annual dues . Even if the points have n't been spent , budget limits can play a part in swaying a seller to cover this cost .
Tactic # 4 - Shop 8-12 Months in Advance
Having time on your side will give you an edge both in finding the right point package and negotiating the sale . By shopping well in advance you can eliminate the likelihood of settling for a less-than-ideal point package in order to book a vacation . It also takes some of the pressure off navigating Disney 's Right of First Refusal .
Often Disney Vacation Club members are prompted to sell their points by a significant life event . Sometimes this means that the seller is eager to sell the property quickly , while at other times it may mean that the seller is juggling several major obligations . Having plenty of time ahead of you ensures flexibility and increases the possibility of a smooth resale transaction .
Remember that DVC resale typically takes 60 days and may also be subject to an additional three weeks of processing by Disney before you can book a vacation . All the more reason to shop far ahead of any planned trips .
Tactic # 5 - Keep Calm to Get Your Magic On
The DVC resale process can get a bit overwhelming for some people , but it 's important to keep in mind that you 're buying family vacation time at the most magical place on Earth ! Work with an experienced , licensed real estate broker that will make the DVC resale process efficient , and take comfort in the thought that you are securing years worth of family memories at Disney .
If you 're an experienced DVC buyer , you may already be familiar with some or all of the tactics above . Well , what do you think ? Have any of these tactics worked in your favor ? What tactics would you add ? Leave you thoughts in the comments section below .
Do n't forget to download our free Family Guide to Disney Vacation Club or Join our Priority Mail List in order to receive new listing notifications before they 're advertised to the public .
WHETHER YOU 'RE AN avid cinephile or you have n't been to a movie theater since enduring “ Attack of the Clones , ” one thing is certain : Over the next few years , virtual reality will completely reboot your relationship to the moving image . That 's because the once-geeks-only technology , known as VR for short , is becoming shockingly good at making you feel as though you 're in the midst of the action—cycling through the air with E.T . or spinning atop an alp with an excitable Fraulein Maria—rather than observing from afar .
We hear your objections : “ There 's absolutely no way I 'm going to wear one of those dorky-looking headsets . I wo n't even be caught dead in 3-D glasses. ” Even if you acknowledge that the motion-tracking technology VR systems employ is pretty cool , allowing users to look freely around a 360-degree environment , you 're perfectly content with real reality , thank you very much .
Behind the scenes , however , VR is rewriting the script for Hollywood . VR works are already popping up at prominent film festivals like Sundance and next month 's Tribeca Film Festival ( where screenings take place in small rooms rather than large theaters ) . A-list directors such as Ridley Scott and Steven Spielberg are working on top-secret VR projects . Even “ Airplane ! ” director Jerry Zucker , not usually associated with the cutting edge , is developing an immersive comedy .
Viewing VR is starkly different than watching a traditional film : With conventional movies , the director dictates your focus of attention . An aerial view cuts to a medium shot cuts to a close up—giving you do n't say in what you see . But virtual reality puts you in charge . The headset allows you to observe any aspect of a setting and , in some cases , even affect the way the story unfolds depending on where you look .
Take the famously ominous scene from “ North by Northwest , ” in which a crop-duster chases Cary Grant . Instead of insisting you passively watch Grant try to outrun the low-flying aircraft , as Alfred Hitchcock 's classic does , a VR version might have you sprinting alongside him , with the freedom to glance back at the oncoming plane or farther afield at the cars zooming by , including that fast approaching tanker truck ...
“ For decades , we 've been watching as observers in a dark theater , ” said Robert Stromberg , the director of Walt Disney 's hit “ Maleficent ” and an executive at Virtual Reality Co. in Los Angeles . “ Now , we 're taking on the role of observer [ inside the movie 's ] world . ”
The new medium poses creative challenges for directors and viewers alike . For example , if you can look anywhere your short attention span allows , how do filmmakers signify where the action is ?
Illustration : Darrow ; Everett Collection ( Andrews ) ; F. Martin Ramin/The Wall Street Journal ( Headset )
One solution is to use visual cues : A character might point behind you , for example , prompting you to turn toward an approaching villain . But usually , said Mr. Stromberg , it 's like a dinner party : You end up turning toward whoever 's talking . Some classic film techniques , however , simply do n't translate easily . “ The idea of a close-up is not something I think of in VR , ” Mr. Stromberg said . “ You actually feel like you 're intruding . ”
Despite their futuristic slant , many VR projects can be viewed for free using relatively inexpensive equipment in the comfort of your home . With the simplest headsets , some made of cardboard , you just pop your smartphone into them then download a VR app that delivers the video . Three popular headsets are shown here , with many more slated to be released soon .
Other VR experiences require more rarefied equipment , like the $ 600 headset that Oculus Rift is expected to begin shipping later this month , which has high-resolution screens and connects to a computer instead of a smartphone . Meanwhile , special movie-theater seats that jostle and jolt you in sync with what 's happening in the virtual environment can heighten works like “ The Martian VR Experience , ” adapted by Mr. Stromberg from the Matt Damon blockbuster about an abandoned astronaut . Hit a boulder while driving a space rover , for example , and the seat jerks back like a car hitting the curb .
Every genre , it seems , is fair game for an immersive upgrade . Current and upcoming projects include Pixar-like animated works and sharp-eyed political documentaries . At this point , VR experiences are much shorter than feature-length films ; most last fewer than 10 minutes , since viewing VR for extended periods can cause nausea . ( This is a hazard to which we can attest , having binge-watched several VR projects back-to-back in the course of research . )
These are early days , and there are kinks to be worked out , including the potentially off-putting aspects of VR 's isolating nature . Many insiders predict that we 'll see widespread adoption 18 months down the line , as more user-friendly headsets go on sale . “ It 's the first inning , ” said Anthony Batt , co-founder of Wevr , a virtual-reality company based in Venice , Calif. “ We ca n't call this game at all . ”
We traveled from VR studio to VR studio around Los Angeles , immersing ourselves in all the industry has to offer . Here are a few VR experiences worth seeking out now to get a sense of what the future of storytelling might look like .
A scene from the VR thriller ‘ Gone ' Photo : Wevr/Skybound Entertainment/Samsung
‘ Gone '
Hollywood Cred : With a two-hour running time ( divided into 10-minute episodes ) , this “ Clue ” -meets- “ Taken ” thriller plays like a full-fledged feature film .
The Pitch : Why is that shady-looking dude watching over a playground ? And why did that mother need help with her stroller right before a young girl went missing ? In this narrative , you 're something of a detective , looking for clues that appear throughout . Every time a small hovering light appears , you can tap the side of your VR headset to pause the narrative and zoom in and view footage of a telling clue—or complete red herring . Available on Samsung VR , wevr.com
‘ Hard World for Small Things '
Hollywood Cred : This brief drama is making the film-festival rounds .
The Pitch : Short but intense , “ Hard World ” explores race relations to harrowing effect . The story opens in the present day , in the back seat of a convertible , where three African-American friends are hanging out . After they pull up to a bodega , one heads inside to buy food . A few seconds later , two police officers appear and ask the driver to turn his music down—and the tension escalates from there . Available on all systems , wevr.com
‘ Waves '
Hollywood Cred : A futuristic music video boasting eye-popping visual effects .
The Pitch : When Reggie Watts—the unorthodox beatboxing comedian—makes a 10-minute virtual-reality video , you know it 's going to be a rabbit-hole of an experience . The vocalist often layers samples of his voice to create a sonic smorgasbord of beats and harmonies . That music is the soundtrack to “ Waves , ” which begins here on earth but soon transports viewers to various dimensions and galaxies , with Mr. Watts singing and philosophizing along the way . Available on all systems ; wevr.com
‘ Collisions '
Hollywood Cred : This visceral documentary has been screened at the Sundance Film Festival ( and the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland ) .
The Pitch : In about 15 minutes , “ Collisions ” tells the sweeping , true story of Nyarri Nyarri Morgan , an indigenous elder living in Australia who witnessed the country 's test of the atomic bomb in the 1950s . Mr. Morgan 's words are interspliced with newly filmed footage of him watching a video of physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer as well as a graphic simulation of the bomb killing nearby kangaroos and devastating the Australian outback . Available on all systems ; jauntvr.com
‘ Paranormal Activity '
Hollywood Cred : A sequel of sorts to the “ Paranormal Activity ” horror films
The Pitch : Sure , this piece is set in a typical haunted house with creaky floorboards and an apparent disregard for electricity . But the 360-degree experience ups the spook factor exponentially . By tapping the power of more advanced VR rigs like the Oculus Rift , “ Paranormal Activity ” responds to your real-life movements : Walking around your own ( hopefully empty ) room with the headset on allows you to virtually walk down the fictional house 's halls , most of which are lined with doors left disconcertingly ajar . There are up to six hours of content to explore here , but skittish viewers will want to rush to the nearest virtual exit . Available this summer on HTC Vive , Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR ; beastmg.com
The child-friendly VR project ‘ Henry ' has the look of a big-budget animated film .
‘ Henry '
Hollywood Cred : This animated children 's short looks like other big-budget kids movies—in part because it was developed at Oculus , which has poached employees from Pixar and DreamWorks Animation .
The Pitch : Henry is a hedgehog who wants to make friends but ca n't get anyone to see beyond his prickly exterior . The piece begins in Henry 's tiny home , which you can snoop around for bit . Then Henry ambles in , ready to celebrate his birthday—alone . This charming VR experience is specifically tailored to youngsters : A child watching while standing will see eye-to-eye with Henry ; adults will have to sit down for similar effect . Available soon on Oculus Rift ; storystudio.oculus.com
‘ Unicorn Island '
Hollywood Cred : The sketch-comedy videos by YouTube sensation Lilly Singh have made her one of the hottest live performers of the YouTube circuit .
The Pitch : This concert video ( think “ Katy Perry : Part of Me ” meets digital diary ) opens in the Canadian comedian 's dressing room ahead of a big performance . She amps herself up and turns to face the camera : Are you pumped up ? She introduces her team of backup dancers , who all mug for the camera . Then the show starts , and you 're not in the front row—you 're on stage . Turn around , and the adoring crowd is reaching toward you . Available on all systems ; jauntvr.com .
If at first you do n't succeed ...
Earlier immersive technologies had some rough patches
Polarized 3-D Photo : Alamy
Polarized 3-D
The Technology : The introduction of polarized 3-D technology in the 1930s meant that 3-D films could finally be shown in color , according to Jack Theakston , co-founder of the 3-D Film Archive .
The Dud : Though hugely popular , 1952 's “ Bwana Devil , ” Hollywood 's first full-length 3-D color film to be released , was panned by critics . The film—whose tagline read “ A LION in your lap ! A LOVER in your arms ! ” —was based on the true story of the “ Tsavo Man-Eaters. ” Variety opined : “ Although adding backsides to usually flat actors and depth to landscapes , the 3-D technique still needs further technical advances . ”
Circle-Vision 360
The Technology : Introduced in the 1950s , Circle-Vision 360 uses nine cameras to capture movies that are projected on nine screens that completely encircle the audience ( even the theater is round ) .
The Dud : The 1984 work “ O Canada ! , ” created for Epcot , celebrated the nation 's people and places . According to the Toronto Star , the attraction was “ filled with hokey clichés , and was causing embarrassed snickers among Canadians who saw it. ” The film depicted “ stampeding caribou , chuckwagon races and an angler in a plaid flannel shirt displaying a hooked salmon , among other eye-rollers. ” Disney unveiled an updated “ O Canada ! ” in 2007 , hosted by Martin Short , that continues to run today .
View-Master Photo : Alamy
View-Master
The Technology : The reels for these children 's toy ( introduced in 1939 ) were created using stereoscopic cameras . Photographers documented everything from such sweeping landscapes as the Grand Canyon and Yosemite National Park to major events like the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II and the World Cup .
The Dud : Among the most dubious View-Master reels are those based on TV shows , including a few that would n't seem especially thrilling to view in 3-D , like “ Eight Is Enough ” and “ Romper Room . ”
—Chris Kornelis
Prime Minister reveals NXT trepidation , warns Xenophon candidates 'wo n't be Nick clones '
Updated
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has revealed Liberal Party trepidation about the Nick Xenophon Team ( NXT ) while visiting Adelaide , warning voters the group 's candidates would `` not be Nick '' .
Key points : Prime Minister : X 's candidates `` not clones of Nick Xenophon ''
SA a federal election battleground
Nick Xenophon welcomes `` free publicity ''
Labor will not `` cut a deal ''
He pointed out that former SA MLC Ann Bressington , who was elected into the SA Legislative Council as Senator Xenophon 's running mate in 2006 , later `` split up with him and went her own way '' .
`` I like Nick . I 've known him for a long time and we have a lot of interests in common , '' Mr Turnbull told 891 ABC Adelaide .
`` But Nick will be running Xenophon Team candidates . They are not robots or clones of him ... they are individuals .
`` Whether they in practise work as a team with him remains to be seen . ''
When asked if Liberal members always toed the party line , Mr Turnbull said his party was not comparable with the NXT .
`` The Liberal Party has been around since 1944 . Yes , there are people who have been mavericks , and people who have resigned , but overall , it has a history of considerable solidarity and continuity , '' he said .
`` The Nick Xenophon Team , may , in 60 years ' time , morph into a great new political party , it may . But Nick 's track record to date is that when he last ran with a running mate , he and she split up . ''
Liberal seats vulnerable at next election
South Australia is set to be a key battleground in the next federal election , due largely to the demise of SA 's manufacturing sector under the Coalition 's watch and federal budget cuts to health and education .
The Government has also faced extensive backlash after former prime minister Tony Abbott backed away from a pre-election promise to build the next fleet of submarines at Port Adelaide .
We 've gone through this extensive and exhaustive process for candidates to stick to key core policies , to do with predatory gambling , to do with Australian-made , to do with a whole range of issues that affect Australians that I think are n't being addressed by the Government , nor indeed the Opposition Nick Xenophon
In August , Senator Xenophon said he planned to field a team of candidates in all of SA 's 11 Lower House seats , that would be drawn from the political centre .
He said he was flattered by `` all this free publicity '' the Prime Minister had given him .
He said he had undertaken an `` incredibly rigorous process '' to decide on candidates with his running mate at the last federal election , Stirling Grif .
`` We 've gone through this extensive and exhaustive process for candidates to stick to key core policies , to do with predatory gambling , to do with Australian-made , to do with a whole range of issues that affect Australians that I think are n't being addressed by the Government , nor indeed the Opposition , '' Senator Xenophon said .
`` I 've learnt from my mistakes of the past . ''
South Australia is one of the smallest states in the federation , holding 11 seats out of 150 in Federal Parliament 's Lower House .
Four Liberal MP seats are considered vulnerable , including that of Industry , Innovation and Science Minister Christopher Pyne , Cities and Built Environment Minister Jamie Briggs , Matt Williams in the south-east , and the seat of Boothby , held by retiring MP Andrew Southcott .
University of Adelaide political commentator Professor Clement Macintyre said polls taken earlier this year suggested there was `` every chance Xenophon candidates would finish second and possibly win [ Liberal Party ] seats with Labor Party preferences '' .
He said the situation had improved for the Liberal Party since Malcolm Turnbull took over as Prime Minister from Tony Abbott .
`` It will be much tougher for the [ Nick ] Xenophon Team to make that breakthrough , but I think there 's every chance that they may well finish second in some seats and , if Labor preferences them , a win is not out of the question , '' Professor Macintyre said .
`` But the fact that Mr Turnbull is making the comments he is about Senator Xenophon suggests quite clearly that he still sees the Xenophon Team as a potential threat and is trying to warn people away from that . ''
Turnbull on submarines : watch this space
Mr Turnbull would not be drawn on the Government 's deliberations about where Australia 's next fleet of submarines would be built .
He said the Competitive Evaluation Process was still underway and Australian industry would have the `` highest possible involvement in the program '' .
`` Watch this space . I am very committed to SA having a substantial defence industry , '' he said .
`` That is already here . It 's a big part of your economy and I 'm very excited by the way in which new businesses can spin off it . ''
Senator Xenophon said the Government had to commit to a number of key policies for SA or it would be hit hard in the election .
This included building submarines in SA , reforming and funding the Automotive Transformation Scheme to help car component makers find new markets , implementing country of origin policies and overhauling Government procurement policies to `` buy Australian first '' .
He also wanted SA and other low population regions to be made a preferred destination for `` business migrants '' .
Senator Xenophon pointed out SA had the highest unemployment rate in the country and faced a `` tsunami of job losses - up to 25,000 - at the end of 2017 '' , after Holden withdrew from Australian car manufacturing .
`` If only I could like the Liberal Party 's policies as much as I genuinely like Malcolm , '' he said .
Prime Minister 'only answering questions '
Liberal senator Simon Birmingham watered down the Prime Minister 's attention to NXT and said he was only answering questions .
`` Malcolm Turnbull pointed out that Nick himself is not a candidate for the next election , '' he said .
`` Obviously this is a party built around Nick Xenophon using his name ... it is all about Nick in some ways and people do need to be cautious here . ''
Federal Labor Member for Port Adelaide Mark Butler said the Labor Party was not looking to `` cut a [ preference ] deal '' with NXT and was focusing on Mr Turnbull and the Coalition 's health and education policies .
`` We have n't paid a great deal of attention to Nick Xenophon . The election is still 12 months away , '' he said .
`` Our focus is to be an alternative government to the Liberal Government , to Malcolm Turnbull . ''
Topics : government-and-politics , federal-government , elections , federal-elections , adelaide-5000 , sa , canberra-2600
First posted
Georges St-Pierre is officially back with the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) .
A couple of days ago , a report surfaced claiming that the longest reigning welterweight champion in UFC history had agreed to terms on a multi-fight contract with the UFC . Today ( Feb. 17 ) the news has been made official .
UFC President Dana White confirmed to Lance Pugmire of the Los Angeles Times that “ Rush ” has signed a new deal with the promotion . You can see the tweet for yourself below :
Dana White just made it official to me : @ GeorgesStPierre is back in the UFC . Signed deal . More soon at @ latimessports … — Lance Pugmire ( @ latimespugmire ) February 17 , 2017
St-Pierre has not stepped inside the Octagon since Nov. 2013 . He made his ninth successful title defense in a controversial split decision victory over Johny Hendricks . A lot has changed in the 170-pound division since that time .
Hendricks eventually captured the welterweight gold after St-Pierre took a hiatus . He then lost it by split decision in a rematch against Robbie Lawler . After two successful title defenses , Lawler dropped the title in a knockout loss to Tyron Woodley .
At UFC 209 on March 4 , Woodley will defend his championship in a title rematch against Stephen Thompson . The bout will take place inside the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas . It 'll be interesting to see if “ Rush ” cuts the line and forces Demian Maia to wait even longer for his title opportunity .
It 's also possible that St-Pierre cuts the line for a middleweight title shot . Even though White has claimed that Yoel Romero is next in line for a shot at Michael Bisping 's middleweight championship , “ The Count ” has been adamant about securing a “ big money ” fight with St-Pierre .
Georges St-Pierre has never competed at middleweight , although fans had hoped for years that he 'd engage in a super fight with the longest reigning champion in any weight class in the UFC , Anderson Silva . That 's another bout that has been speculated upon St-Pierre 's return .
Image copyright Reuters
China has cut its one-year benchmark interest rate by 0.25 percentage points to 4.35 % .
European shares gained ground following the decision , particularly in the mining sector , and commodities rose .
The Chinese central bank also cut the ratio of Chinese currency that it expects its banks to hold .
China hopes that looser monetary policy , in the shape of cheaper money , will help it hit its growth target of 7 % for 2015 .
The changes will come into effect on Saturday .
Analysis by Andrew Walker , economics correspondent , BBC World Service
The decision from the People 's Bank of China suggests a concern that the slowdown in growth might be becoming too abrupt .
Official figures published earlier this week told a different story . They suggested a very moderate weakening in the third quarter of the year . But Beijing 's data are widely regarded as unreliable .
Lower interest rates tend to stimulate borrowing by consumers and businesses and so could contain the slowdown , but there is a risk the move could lead to a build up of debt - and some economists say China is in danger of having a financial crisis .
In London , shares in the benchmark FTSE 100 index rose 1.3 % , led by miners Glencore and Fresnillo , which added 7 % and 4 % respectively . The Dax in Frankfurt rose 3.0 % .
Brent crude was up 0.8 % to $ 48.46 per barrel .
China 's economy has grown at an average annual rate of 10 % for the past three decades , but has been cooling in the past few years .
Last year it grew by 7.4 % , which is extraordinary by Western standards , but a definite slowdown for China .
There is little doubt that its economy is slowing to a more sustainable rate of growth , with the question being whether that transition can be made smoothly .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China 's export growth fizzled in September to post a surprise fall as sales to Southeast Asia tumbled , data showed , a disappointing break to a recent run of indicators that had signaled its economy gaining strength .
A worker rides his bicycle past piles of steel coils for export at a port in Yingkou , Liaoning province August 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Stringer
China 's exports dropped 0.3 percent in September from a year earlier , the Customs Administration said on Saturday , sharply confounding market expectations for a rise of 6 percent , and marking the worst performance in three months .
Imports fared better , rising 7.4 percent in September from a year ago , better than forecasts for a 7 percent increase , shrinking China 's monthly trade surplus to $ 15.2 billion .
Analysts said weak exports underscored worries about flagging global demand , which may crumble further in coming months - especially in emerging markets - when tighter U.S. monetary policy pushes investors away from developing economies .
Indeed , the data showed Chinese exports to Southeast Asia , China 's fastest-growing export market in the past year , dived to a 17-month low in September . Capital outflows from the region on bets that the U.S. central bank will cut its bond purchases had hit demand , said Louis Kuijs , an economist at RBS in Hong Kong .
“ Looking ahead , export data may be quite weak in the coming months , ” Kuijs said , adding that financial turmoil in several emerging markets had dragged on global demand .
The dismal exports performance comes after the world 's No . 2 economy showed encouraging signs of stabilization , having fought a slowdown that lasted in 12 of 14 quarters . Trade , factory production and the services sector all picked up in the past two months .
For a graphic on China 's trade , please click on link.reuters.com/ked55s
Attention now turns to China 's third-quarter gross domestic product data and other figures for September due next week .
The median forecast of 21 economists in a Reuters poll showed economic growth is expected to quicken to 7.8 percent in the third quarter from a year ago , up from 7.5 percent in the previous three months .
“ Developed economies have shown signs of recovery but they are still unstable . The global economic situation is still complicated , ” Zheng Yuesheng , a spokesman for the customs office , told a media briefing on Saturday .
Albeit patchy , the rebound in the global economy helped lift China 's total trade growth to 6 percent in the third quarter , from 4.3 percent the previous three months , Zheng said .
STRONG YUAN , SEASONAL FACTOR
A breakdown of the data showed exports to Europe , the second-biggest buyer of Chinese good after the United States , South Korea , Taiwan , and Australia all fell last month . Shipments to Taiwan struck a 17-month low while those to Australia posted their worst growth in three months .
Japan was the lone bright spot , registering growth for Chinese exporters for the first time in eight months . Sales to the United States cooled , even though the monthly value of exports were at their highest in over a year .
Liu Li-Gang and Zhou Hao , economists at ANZ Bank , said China 's sliding export sales were also a result of a rising yuan .
They said activity was further hurt by the Mid-Autumn festival , which fell in the middle of September this year , reducing the number of working days in the month compared with 2012 .
“ The strong renminbi has eroded China 's export competitiveness , ” ANZ Bank said in a note . It said there were risks that China 's economic growth may miss market forecasts this year , but predicted 2013 growth would hit 7.6 percent .
The yuan , which hit a record high of 6.1090 to the dollar on August 12 , has gained 5.7 percent against 60 other currencies since January , data from the Bank of International Settlements showed , outstripping a 3 percent rise in the dollar .
In the face of China 's unsteady economic recovery , Beijing has repeatedly expressed confidence that the country can still achieve its 2013 growth target of 7.5 percent .
Central Bank Deputy Governor Yi Gang was quoted as saying this week in Washington that China 's annual economic growth this year could hit about 7.6 percent .
Analysts have long warned that a recovery in China 's economy may be fragile and brief , especially if Chinese leaders stick to plans for financial reforms , including curbing extravagant investment , which would hurt growth in the near term .
“ Despite the subdued export outlook , we expect the government to maintain its current policy stance , ” said Kuijs from RBS .
“ We expect it to hold on to the firmer monetary stance that it is trying to pursue in order to rein in overall credit growth . ”
In law , acquiescence occurs when a person knowingly stands by without raising any objection to the infringement of his or her rights , while someone else unknowingly and without malice aforethought acts in a manner inconsistent with their rights . [ 1 ] As a result of acquiescence , the person whose rights are infringed may lose the ability to make a legal claim against the infringer , or may be unable to obtain an injunction against continued infringement . The doctrine infers a form of `` permission '' that results from silence or passiveness over an extended period of time .
Overview [ edit ]
Although not typically not found in statutory law , the doctrine of acquiescence is well-supported by case law . One common context in which acquiescence is raised is when there is a dispute or disagreement over the location of a property line , followed by an extended period of time during which the parties respect a property line . Even if it is later discovered that the actual property line was in a different location , the long-term acquiescence to the incorrectly placed line may result in its becoming enforceable as the legal property line . [ 2 ]
An example of the law of acquiescence occurred in a dispute between the State of Georgia and the State of South Carolina , in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that Georgia could no longer make any claim to an island in the Savannah River , despite the 1787 Treaty of Beaufort 's assignment to the contrary . [ 3 ] The court said that Georgia had knowingly allowed South Carolina to join the island as a peninsula to its own coast by dumping sand from dredging , and to then levy property taxes on it for decades . Georgia thereby lost the island-turned-peninsula by its own acquiescence , even though the treaty had given it all of the islands in the river .
Similar legal doctrines [ edit ]
Doctrines similar to acquiescence include :
The common law doctrine of estoppel . A claim of estoppel may arise when one party gives legal notice to a second party of a fact or claim , and the second party fails to challenge or refute that claim within a reasonable time . The second party may be said to have acquiesced to the claim , and thus to be estopped from later challenging it or making a counterclaim based upon the actions of the other party . Estoppel by acquiescence is different from estoppel by laches as acquiescence involves an intentional act of the party who is accused of acquiescence , while laches may result from conduct that is not voluntary .
. A claim of estoppel may arise when one party gives legal notice to a second party of a fact or claim , and the second party fails to challenge or refute that claim within a reasonable time . The second party may be said to have acquiesced to the claim , and thus to be from later challenging it or making a counterclaim based upon the actions of the other party . Estoppel by acquiescence is different from estoppel by laches as acquiescence involves an intentional act of the party who is accused of acquiescence , while laches may result from conduct that is not voluntary . Silence is acquiescence ( aka . silent acquiescence and acquiescence by silence ) . Under this related doctrine , when confronted with a wrong or an act that can be considered a tortious act , one 's silence in the face of the transgression may result in a loss of a right to make a claim for loss or damage , on the principle of consent inferred from accepting or permitting the wrongful acts without protest or claim . [ 4 ]
See also [ edit ]
After seeing the demo that Epic Games previewed at the Apple Keynote , I was stunned how well it looked . Thanks to the kind people at Epic Games and Apple , you can follow the link to check it out on your iOS device ( iPhone 3gs , 4 , iPad , or iPod Touch 3 ) . Link after the jump .
The app showcases the technical capabilities of Epic 's award-winning Unreal Engine 3 on iPad , iPhone and iPod touch . In “ Epic Citadel , ” players navigate a fictional castle realm using simple controls and the innovative Multi-Touch user interface . “ Epic Citadel ” also features stunning visuals and special effects , with an environment inspired by “ Project Sword , ” Epic 's newest game .
“ Project Sword ” is the codename of the all-new action role-playing adventure game exclusively for iPad , iPhone and iPod touch developed by Epic 's critically acclaimed studio , Chair Entertainment , creators of the Xbox LIVE Arcade games of the year “ Undertow ” and “ Shadow Complex. ” Scheduled for release later this year , “ Project Sword ” will bring unrivaled visual fidelity and a highly accessible gameplay experience to the iOS platform .
“ This is a testament to the sheer power of iOS devices as up until now , Unreal Engine 3 has typically been used to create high-end gaming experiences on game consoles and computers , ” said Epic Games President Dr. Michael Capps . “ And we 're not just keeping it to ourselves . We 're putting Unreal Engine 3 technology into the hands of game developers all over the world , and we ca n't wait to see the apps they make next . ”
A small team of Epic 's programmers , artists and testers created “ Epic Citadel ” in just eight weeks of development time . Unreal Engine 3 is scalable yet packed with the same tools hundreds of thousands of users work with to create games , simulations and animated content .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILLIAMSBURG , Brooklyn -- It 's a high-rent building that was constructed by a developer who was murdered last year . Now , the building he built has suddenly been condemned , just in time for the holiday season . The ordeal has left dozens of residents without homes in the latest chapter in a story with many twists and turns .
A look from outside 120 South 4th Street shows that it 's a new , luxury building , with its glass-enclosed mini balconies and floor-to-ceiling windows in many of its lofts . A closer look , however , is what Department of Buildings inspectors carried out twice this month , and some things that are not visible from the street are what caused the DOB to issue a vacated order for the entire building on the day before Thanksgiving .
It came as a great surprise to many residents , including a tenant named Melissa , who asked that only her first name be used in this story . She , like many of the residents of the 20-unit building , is upset .
`` Basically , [ we were ] given about an hour or so to get our stuff and leave , '' said Melissa , 28 , who , like many of the residents of the neighborhood , shares her apartment with friends .
On Wednesday , they were sent an email from Garden Management , which manages the property .
`` It seems like this management company has a history of some interesting doings in the city , '' said another tenant , Victor Bill , 27 . He was referring to the fact that Garden Management was once controlled by Menachem `` Max '' Stark , a developer who gained a reputation for creating as many critics and enemies as he did friends .
Stark has been in the news before , in a tragic way : he was abducted in January of last year , and the crime was recorded on surveillance video . He was later found suffocated and burned .
Today , Stark 's company still owns and runs the South 4th Street building , and is trying to deal with the City 's order demanding that tenants vacate . Garden Management , which has changed names at least three times in two years , according to residents , told them in an email this week that `` they have 'engineers and expediters , ' whatever that is , '' said Melissa , `` coming to fix the issue as soon as possible . ''
She said that it 's the latest in a steady string of problems that she and her three housemates have had over the two years they 've lived in the building . It has not been cheap . `` We have a four bedroom for 5500 [ dollars ] , '' she told PIX11 News .
`` We did n't have walls our first four months living here , '' she said . `` We were supposed to break the apartment into the four bedrooms , '' she said about the loft they leased with the promise that structural work would start on it within two weeks . `` We had no walls until May , '' said Melissa . `` We moved in in January . ''
PIX11 News went to the office that 's listed in Garden Management 's letters , seeking to get word from them about what will happen to tenant ' rent and deposit payments .
Their listed address is in a residential building , which , neighbors there said , also houses a postal box business . The suite that Garden Management claims as its headquarters is actually a P.O . box at the small , privately owned mail delivery center .
Also , nobody answered the phone at the number listed for Garden Management . They close at noon on Fridays .
Despite the company 's inaccessibility , a business tenant was not critical of Garden Management . In fact , Maria Barça , the owner of the Self Salon , said that the landlord has been accommodating to her in the wake of the building 's problems . She said that the Department of Buildings , however , has not been accommodating .
`` They basically walked in and said , 'Get out , you have to vacate , ' '' Barça said , `` in the middle of a work day . ''
The DOB had ordered her and her staff to leave last Tuesday , when inspectors first found structural issues with the building . `` They did n't really give the landlord a chance to show any records , '' said Barça . `` They just deemed it unsafe and vacated the tenants as well . ''
For its part , the Department of Buildings sent PIX11 a statement that said , in part , `` The Department inspected the premises on November 10th in the course of an audit of recently-constructed buildings . Inspectors found a concrete floor that was poured without a permit and structural work that did not conform to code . The Department followed up with an inspection of the entire building on November 24th , which revealed substandard structural columns and other elements , primarily in the building 's cellar and first floor . A full vacate order was issued out of concern for the building 's structural integrity . While we understand the inconvenience and stress this put upon families , particularly during the holiday season , keeping people safe has to be our top priority . ”
It added that it had coordinated with the Red Cross to ensure that residents had emergency housing until the issues have been resolved . It 's not clear how long that will take , although the DOB described the structural problems as `` significant . ''
Religious Right leaders were some of Donald Trump 's most fervent supporters in the presidential election—offering dozens of religious justifications for backing Trump in spite of his evident arrogance , dishonesty , mistreatment of women , and other character flaws . Telling the supremely narcissistic Trump that he has God 's special backing seems to be pouring gasoline on the fire , and that 's what Religious Right leaders have been doing since Election Day . “ The Lord did this ! ” exulted former Rep. Michele Bachmann on the night of the election . Televangelist and End Times huckster Jim Bakker called Trump 's victory “ the greatest miracle I have ever seen . ”
George Barna , an evangelical pollster and Religious Right activist , appeared after the election on “ Stand in the Gap , ” a radio program hosted by the American Pastors Network 's Sam Rohrer . Barna gushed that voter turnout among SAGE ( Spiritually Active Governance Engaged ) Christians—his term for “ real Christians ” who attend church often and are politically active—was “ astounding. ” He said SAGE Christians were “ the single most united and strongest segment backing Donald Trump . ”
But Barna went beyond that to say that God had specifically acted to make Trump president . “ I 've witnessed a major miracle , ” said Barna . “ What has happened is that God has intervened in our reality and changed that reality more to His liking than what would have happened if He 'd left us to our own devices . ”
Barna said that Trump-supporting Christians should now try to help unite the country , and said the church will have to have the “ backbone ” to stand up to Trump when he promotes policies “ that conflict with God 's policies . ”
THE Forth Road Bridge has been jokingly put up for sale on auction site eBay following Friday 's news that the link between Edinburgh and Fife will be closed for the remainder of the year .
The prankster responsible for the cheeky advert was eBay user nicelgin , who posted the ad in the ‘ For parts or not working ' section .
Picture : ebay
The page includes a photo of the bridge and a product description .
It reads : “ Approximately 50 years old . Used daily until midnight last night . Not structurally sound but has exceptional scrap value .
“ Buyer to uplift . It will have dismantled itself by auction end .
“ Only those silly enough to bid will not receive any financial return . I have no right to sell this and do n't legally own it .
“ If bids are made , every penny will go to the charity of choice of the winning bid .
“ I also have lilos and a ferry for sale . ”
The ‘ For parts or not working ' section on eBay is for items that do “ not function as intended or is not fully operational ” , which can be those that are “ defective in ways that render them difficult to use ” , “ require service or repair ” or those that are “ missing essential components ” .
At the time of writing the current winning bid is £60,100 .
The auction will end on Friday 11 December at just after 5pm .
After a fault was discovered beneath the southbound carriageway the decision was taken to close the bridge while repair work could take place .
Early estimates have the thoroughfare being out of action until January 5 at a cost of £50 million to the Scottish economy .
EBay user nicelgin was overwhelmed by the amount of views his advert received . And while he knows it 's unlikely anyone will actually pay money for something that clearly is n't his to sell , he has offered the idea of charities receiving donations through the stunt .
He wrote : “ There has been an overwhelming response to this advert which is slowly getting out of control .
“ I will not hound or be hounded for what should be considered a bit of fun .
“ With the view count sitting at 26,000 in 2 days , I am now going to work on something with you all . Scotland has been seriously disrupted by this but at the end of the day it is just an inconvenience . We do n't fall ill as a result but it is nearly Christmas .
“ The likelihood of the winning bid actually handing over the money is very slim but would anyone like to help promote a justgiving page that money can be raised for two childrens charities that are close to each side of the bridge . Lets give something to the local charities that put up with our daily commutes . ”
The page can be viewed here .
• The user responsible has since contacted us via Twitter and would like to direct people to the Children 's Hospice Association Scotland ( CHAS ) justgiving page where they can donate to a good cause .
Despite the new efforts , supplies of the drug are expected to be limited to hundreds or thousands of treatment courses by early next year , which would not be nearly enough if the epidemic continues to spiral out of control .
“ The biology just does n't allow you to do it tomorrow , ” said Alan Magill , who heads the malaria program at the Gates Foundation and is trying to arrange for more ZMapp production .
ZMapp was able to protect monkeys from Ebola even when administered five days after infection . And it may have helped a few people infected during the current outbreak , including two American aid workers who got Ebola in Liberia and recovered at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta .
Still , there was only enough ZMapp for seven patients , two of whom subsequently died .
Experts say it is impossible to tell from such limited experience how well ZMapp works . And there are other experimental drugs that have shown promise in animal testing , and production of those might also be increased .
But for now , ZMapp may offer the best shot because it consists of proteins called monoclonal antibodies , widely used as drugs in the biotechnology industry , which latch onto the virus and neutralize it . “ It 's extremely rational that an antibody against Ebola would be effective , ” said Dr. Susan Desmond-Hellmann , chief executive of the Gates Foundation and a former biotechnology industry executive . “ It is extremely rational that it would be safe . ”
Epigenetic has been used and abused in many ways - can it tell researchers that an expectant mother had no electricity for a few days ?
In January of 1998 , what came to be called the North American Ice Storm of 1998 occurred . It knocked out power for days in cities and weeks in remote areas , impacting up to 4 million people . It was so worrisome that the government , concerned about panic among peaceful Canadians , deployed nearly 25 percent of its armed forces to keep peace in Quebec .
Did it change the DNA signature of unborn babies ? Scholars from the Douglas Mental Health University Institute and McGill University say they have detected a distinctive 'signature ' in the DNA of children born in the aftermath of the massive Quebec ice storm . Five months after the event , researchers recruited women who had been pregnant during the disaster and assessed their degrees of hardship and distress in a study called Project Ice Storm .
The molecular and cellular functions of the 957 genes analyzed with IPA . A ) Top 10 functions of the 957 differentially methylated genes . The y-axis shows functions while the x-axis shows -log ( p-value ) . The yellow line indicates the threshold value of p < 0.05 . B ) The most significant canonical pathway : CD28 Signaling in T helper cells . Genes whose methylation levels are positively correlated with objective PNMS are colored in red and those whose methylation levels are negatively correlated with objective PNMS are colored in blue . CD247 : CD247 molecule ; FYN : a membrane-associated tyrosine kinase ; CD3E : CD3-epsilon polypeptide ; CSK : C-Src Tyrosine Kinase ; PLCG1 : Phospholipase C , Gamma 1 ; NFATC1 : Nuclear Factor Of Activated T-Cells , Cytoplasmic , Calcineurin-Dependent 1 ; HLA-DMB : Major Histocompatibility Complex , Class II , DM Beta ; ITPR1 : inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor , type 1 ; CD3D : CD3d Molecule , Delta ; CTLA4 : cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 ; CD3G : CD3-gamma polypeptide ; CD28 : CD28 Molecule ; LCK : lymphocyte-specific protein tyrosine kinase ; ACTR3 : ARP3 Actin-Related Protein 3 Homolog ( Yeast ) ; NFKBIA : nuclear factor of kappa light polypeptide gene enhancer in B-cells inhibitor , alpha ; BCL10 : B-Cell CLL/Lymphoma 10 ; SYK : spleen tyrosine kinase ; ZAP70 : zeta-chain ( TCR ) associated protein kinase 70 kDa ; ARPC4 : actin related protein 2/3 complex , subunit 4 ; MAPK10 : mitogen-activated protein kinase 10 ; HLA-DOB : Major Histocompatibility Complex , Class II , DO Beta ; PIK3CD : phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase , catalytic subunit delta ; PIK3R2 : phosphoinositide-3-kinase , regulatory subunit 2 ( beta ) ; LCP2 : Lymphocyte Cytosolic Protein 2 ; ITK : IL2-inducible T-cell kinase . doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0107653
13 years later , the researchers found that DNA within the T cells - a type of immune system cell - of 36 children showed distinctive patterns in DNA methylation .
The researchers concluded for the first time that maternal hardship , predicted the degree of methylation of DNA in the T cells . The `` epigenetic '' signature plays a role in the way the genes express themselves . This study is the first to find both that and that the objective stress exposure ( such as days without electricity ) and not the degree of emotional distress in pregnant women causes long lasting changes in the epigenome of their babies .
The health impacts on these children is less clear , but changes in the family of genes related to immunity and sugar metabolism detected in these babies , now teenagers , may put them at a greater risk to develop asthma , diabetes or obesity .
If you demand satisfaction and need to settle a score in the form of a good old-fashioned duel , a recent decision by the Canadian government may be of welcome news .
This week , the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada , Jody Wilson-Raybould , introduced legislation meant to update and modernize the criminal justice system .
The proposed legislation “ would amend or repeal a number of provisions in the Criminal Code in order to ensure they are compliant with the Charter , and to make the law more relevant in our modern society , ” a government release said . “ Several Criminal Code offences that were enacted many years ago… are no longer relevant or required today . ”
Among those offences ? Challenging someone to a duel .
It 's safe to say this is a timely update to the code and that “ many years ” might be an understatement .
While they were issued infrequently during Canada 's early settlement years , duel challenges did happen . Historical records indicate the last duel where someone died was on June 13 , 1833 , in Perth , Ontario . However , the total number of duelling incidents in what eventually became Canada only numbered around 300 between the mid 1600 's and 1948 .
See also
Duelling was n't the only oddball amendment to Canada 's criminal justice system . Some of the other repealed Criminal Code offences include :
Advertising a reward for the return of stolen property “ no questions asked ” ( section 143 ) ;
Possessing , printing , distributing or publishing crime comics ( paragraph 163 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) ;
Publishing blasphemous libel ( section 296 ) ;
Fraudulently pretending to practise witchcraft ( section 365 ) ; and ,
Issuing trading stamps ( section 427 ) .
Now , in no way are we condoning any sort of violence against others , but if you find yourself at the receiving end of a glove slap , do n't say we did n't warn you .
I was inspired by a local drummer KJ Sawka [ https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=b98BJ36K1wo ]
and wanted to mount my 10 '' splash cymbal above my hi-hat for a more compact kit . Instead of
buying more hardware , I learned CAD and designed this simple clutch in a few hours . This is
the third iteration - the other two broke when wailing on the cymbal . This one is quite strong .
Use an M4 nut and bolt to secure the clutch to the hi-hat shaft . If you do n't have metric hardware
available , a # 6 or # 8 machine screw will work too . Hand-tightening the bolt should be sufficient ,
but if the cymbal slips down the shaft , you can give the bolt a 1/4 turn with a wrench . My hi-hats
are Gibraltar with a 7mm diameter main-shaft . If your hi-hats have a significantly larger or smaller
shaft , then you may need to augment the design . I parameterized almost everything in the
CAD file .
=====
Update , after 6 months the screw part broke . I re-designed it to be a lot stronger and moved the nut/bolt to the bottom .
/r/NintendoSwitch is the central hub for all News , Updates , Information , Rumors , Speculation , and Topics relating to Nintendo 's upcoming game system . is the central hub for all News , Updates , Information , Rumors , Speculation , and Topics relating to Nintendo 's upcoming game system .
Please search before submitting
Filters
What can I post here ?
Rumors
News articles
Discussion about the Nintendo Switch
Theories
Feature wishlists and ideas
Games & franchises you would like to see
Rules
Remember the human . Be respectful of others and their opinions . Trolling , harassment , and similar behavior is n't welcome . If you do n't know what “ be nice ” means , do n't post . Trolling , harassment , and similar behavior is n't welcome . If you do n't know what “ be nice ” means , do n't post . Read more about reddiquette . Any post about a topic covered in the Wiki or FAQ will be removed . Have a general question ? Check our Have a general question ? Check our Wiki and FAQ first . The answer 's probably there . No low-effort rumors . First-hand and unsourced rumors will be removed . Please First-hand and unsourced rumors will be removed . Please contact the mod team for verification if you have something to share . All AMAs must be pre-approved by the mod team . Please Please reach out to the mod team with verification documents to confirm your identity and we 'll work with you to get your post scheduled and approved No YouTube Spam . What is allowed : Official videos from Nintendo , official gameplay trailers from developers/publishers , and video reviews from major news outlets . What is not allowed : Unboxings , reaction/hype/rumor videos , podcasts , news recap videos ( We 're their source anyway ! ) , and exceeding reddit 's 10 % What is allowed : Official videos from Nintendo , official gameplay trailers from developers/publishers , and video reviews from major news outlets . What is not allowed : Unboxings , reaction/hype/rumor videos , podcasts , news recap videos ( We 're their source anyway ! ) , and exceeding reddit 's 10 % self-promotion guidelines Specify the region in the title of your post when appropriate . Format should be similar to “ [ NA ] eShop Sale for the Week of 10/23 ” Use spoiler tags when necessary and avoid putting spoilers in the title . Do n't ruin fun surprises for others ! Reposts and low-effort content removed at mod discretion . Examples of low-effort content include : posts with no body text , diary posts , questions covered in our wiki/FAQ . A good rule of thumb is not to repost content if it 's been on here within the past week . No clickbait , vague , or subjective post titles . Your title should stand on its own and convey the content of your post quickly and effectively . Someone should not be required to read the body of the post or click the link for the title to make sense . Editorialized and all-caps titles will be removed . Save memes , circlejerking , and shitposts for our weekly “ Shitpost Sunday ” thread . Now that we have actual information to discuss , let 's not have half of our posts be memes , eh ? If you just ca n't fulfill your thirst for memes , head over to Now that we have actual information to discuss , let 's not have half of our posts be memes , eh ? If you just ca n't fulfill your thirst for memes , head over to /r/CasualNintendo Link to the original source whenever possible . News travels fast , so repetitive articles/blogs/stories will be removed . No buying , trading or selling games/consoles ; no begging ; and no affiliate links . Interested in selling/trading ? Visit Interested in selling/trading ? Visit /r/GameSwap and /r/GameSale instead . No NSFW content . No hacks , roms , or homebrew content . We know , it 's early for this sort of thing , but we 're just covering our bases . Questions for the mod team should go through modmail . Posts of this nature will be removed . User flair text is subject to mod review . We recommend using your user flair to share your Nintendo Network ID . If you want to do something else , please keep it short and within reason . Anything deemed inappropriate by the mod team will be removed . We know we do n't have flair yet , but it 's definitely coming down the road , just covering our bases .
Responsible Leaking
If you have sensitive or privileged information you would like to provide to the community , send it to the mod team . We will review it and if we feel there is sufficient proof to validate the information , we will post it on your behalf to protect your identity .
Posting Spoilers
[ Switch launches in March 2017 ] ( /spoiler )
Shows up like this :
Our Friends
Serious Discussion Archives from /r/NintendoNX
BY :
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow tried to tie the Koch Brothers to a Florida free market group on Monday by noting that the Kochs have ties to the Institute for Humane Studies ( IHS ) , which has paid stipends to interns at the group .
Maddow did not mention that IHS has also paid students to intern at MSNBC , according to its website .
The Monday segment was the latest salvo in Maddow 's long-running war on libertarian philanthropists Charles and David Koch and their company , Koch Industries .
She has tried to tie the fraternal billionaires to a Florida law , recently struck down by a federal court , requiring welfare recipients to undergo drug testing .
Maddow pointed to work by the Foundation for Government Accountability , a conservative Florida think tank , in pushing the law . She implicated the Kochs in the effort , claiming they have supported FGA .
When pressed on that claim , Maddow relied on multiple degrees of separation : the Kochs , she said , gave to a group called the State Policy Network , which gave to the FGA . Therefore , she claimed , the Kochs were involved in the effort .
Comcast , the parent company of MSNBC , also donates to the State Policy Network .
After numerous media watchers criticized her conspiratorial accusations , Maddow pursued another angle .
The Kochs have given money to IHS , she noted , which has paid students through its Koch Summer Fellowship program to intern at FGA , among about 80 other organizations .
According to IHS 's website , MSNBC is one of those organizations .
Washington Post media critic Eric Wemple found Maddow 's attacks on the Kochs by way of IHS wanting .
CloudCFD helps you analyse the effects of moving air on your product . This is done through the use of Computational Fluid Dynamics or CFD for short . CFD has its roots in the 1960s and it involves the solution of the governing laws of fluid dynamics numerically . Today , CFD is a rapidly expanding field of science .
In the past , CFD analysis has generally been restricted to large corporations that could afford to purchase and maintain expensive software licenses , not to mention the expense of maintaining a highly trained staff . Despite the expense , for these companies , the versatility and fast turn around meant that CFD was cheaper in the long run than alternative and sometimes impractical wind tunnel tests that are time consuming and far more expensive .
In today 's world , companies such as Boeing , Lockheed Martin and even Oracle team USA use CFD extensively in designing their products . CloudCFD is now bringing this coveted engineering design tool to everyday people .
Startup Titanium Falcon Inc. announced this week that it has completed the design for its `` smart ring , '' a new video game controller that the company thinks `` will change the way users play games forever . ''
To make the ring a reality , Titanium -- founded in 2014 -- is looking for support from fans . The company will launch a crowdfunding campaign through Indiegogo later this month with a goal of $ 300,000 .
Titanium is hoping to sell the smart ring , which it 's calling `` Talon , '' for `` no more than $ 100 . ''
But how does it all work ?
`` By using Bluetooth Low Energy technology and 9-axis motion control sensor , Talon smart ring could connect with any smart device ( phone , tablet , smart TV , smartwatch , PC/MAC , or VR headset ) , and the ring will convert users ' hand gestures to appropriate input for the game or application , '' Titanium said .
The Talon , which is less than 3.8m thick , features two action buttons , and should be compatible with games across a variety of genres , including shooting , racing , and sports . Titanium CEO and founder Guo Juan said in a statement that the Talon controller could have major implications on gaming overall .
`` Currently , in order to play motion-controlled games , consumers must purchase all the expensive hardware : TVs , Wii , Xbox , or Kinect are just a few of them , '' Juan said . `` We believe our touch-less and motion controlled smart ring will change the way users play games forever . ''
Earlier this year , Oculus VR unveiled its own unusual controller for the Oculus Rift , called Oculus Touch . The company is also making further investments in the virtual 3D hand-tracking space .
What do you think of this new video game ring controller ? Share your thoughts in the comments below . More information about Talon and Titanium is available on their website .
LNP backbencher Chris Davis is considering his political options after being axed as Assistant Health Minister by Premier Campbell Newman .
Dr Davis was called to a meeting with the Premier and Treasurer late yesterday , at which he was told his position was terminated .
Mr Newman today explained Dr Davis had failed to observe the Westminster conventions including the rule that Cabinets and Assistant Ministers are bound by collective decision making .
“ Unfortunately he acknowledges it , Dr Davis was not able to comply with that long standing requirement and indeed he has apologised to me and the Treasurer who was with me last night , ” said Mr Newman .
OPINION : NO LOVE LOST FOR ROGUE MINISTER
DAVIS BACKS DOWN OVER CMC CHANGES
Dr Davis was on borrowed time after siding with doctors in their pay dispute with the government .
He then went further polling constituents on changes to the Crime and Misconduct Commission that were pushed through parliament last week .
Mr Newman said he hoped Dr Davis would remain a member of his government and backed him for LNP preselection .
But Dr Davis seemed less certain , saying he was considering all options when asked if he would stick with the LNP .
“ I 'm considering all my directions at the moment and obviously I was n't anticipating yesterday but I really do n't want to rush into any particular decision , ” said Dr Davis .
“ I think it 's really up to the people of Stafford how they wish to be represented and that 's my main focus at the moment . ”
He said the reasons for his termination were a “ matter of interpretation ” .
“ The Premier 's told the public what influenced his decision , ” Dr Davis said .
“ I realised there 's always a fine line in politics between speaking out for one 's electorate and the notion of Cabinet solidarity so the decision 's been made . ”
Treasurer Tim Nicholls said today Mr Davis apologised for his actions just before he was sacked by the premier during a meeting last night .
Mr Nicholls said he was present during the discussion between the Premier and Dr Davis when the later admitted he 'd “ gone too far ” and left the Premier with no option but to fire him .
“ ( Dr Davis ) apologised to the Premier for stepping outside the bounds of the Westminster convention , he acknowledged that he 'd gone beyond the bounds of the convention in terms of some of his previous actions and acknowledged that the Premier was left with little alternative but to terminate his employment and his position as an assistant minister . That was the way he was seen and he saw it himself . ”
MPs Ian Walker and Rob Cavallucci would n't be drawn on what Mr Davis had done to warrant being sacked .
Earlier The Courier-Mail reported that Mr Newman sacked Member for Stafford Chris Davis as assistant health minister , saying he has breached the long-established Westminster convention of cabinet solidarity .
In a short statement , Mr Newman said the sacking was effective immediately because his position was untenable .
“ I thank Dr Davis for the contribution he has made in the role , and look forward to his continuing contribution to the government 's efforts on behalf of his constituents , ” he said .
Dr Davis has angered the government in recent weeks after he spoke out against the Newman Government 's doctor contracts then hinted he would cross the floor and vote against the Government 's changes to the CMC .
A clearly shocked Dr Davis said it was “ not what he envisaged in politics ” .
“ But years of demanding medical practice helps one cope , ” he said .
Less than two months ago , he and wife Katharine Sinclair lost her daughter Jessica who was killed in a single vehicle crash in northern New South Wales .
Palmer to sue Newman for defamation
Opposition leader Annastacia Palaszczuk said Mr Newman 's announcement on Tuesday night , so close to the landmark Federal Budget speech , was simply weak .
“ This method of announcement is a sneaky political manouvre designed to avoid scrutiny over his Government 's failings , ” Ms Palaszczuk said .
She urged the Premier to “ honestly reveal ” the real reasons behind the decision .
Last week Treasurer Tim Nicholls played down Dr Davis ' “ go it alone ” approach on the CMC changes saying the LNP was a “ broad church ” .
“ We welcome proper debate on all issues , ” Mr Nicholls said .
The loss of his Assistant Minister 's post will cost Dr Davis around $ 56,000 a year , following the recent pay rises for MPs .
Dr Davis is the fourth member of the wider Cabinet to get the chop . .
David Gibson was first to go as Police Minister when he was revealed to have unpaid speeding fines , followed by Housing Minister Bruce Flegg , and Arts Minister Ros Bates .
It is believed Dr Davis may be a target of the Palmer United Party after Clive Palmer 's Rolls-Royce was seen pulling up to his country property earlier this month .
When The Courier-Mail spoke to him about that on Monday , Dr Davis denied any approaches from the PUP .
Women present their bags to armed men in riot gear , performing identity and hand bag checks on people walking near the building of Crimea 's regional parliament in Simferopol , Ukraine , Monday .
In a diplomatic blow to Russia , the United Nations will continue to view Crimea as part of Ukraine in line with a General Assembly resolution adopted last week , the United States and Western diplomats said on Wednesday .
The 193-nation assembly on March 28 declared invalid the Moscow-backed referendum across Crimea that led to the Black Sea peninsula 's secession from Ukraine and annexation to Russia . There were 100 votes in favor , 11 against , 58 abstentions and 24 countries that did not vote .
Although the resolution is not enforceable in the way that UN Security Council resolutions can be , its adoption means the entire United Nations system will continue to recognize Kiev 's authority over the Crimean peninsula and ignore Russian claims to the territory .
`` It ( the resolution ) has real legal consequences because now , legally , the UN finding ... is that the ( Crimean ) referendum was illegitimate , '' U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power told the Senate Appropriations Committee in Washington on Wednesday .
That determination , several Western diplomats said on condition of anonymity , has been confirmed by the UN Office of Legal Affairs ( OLA ) in the wake of the assembly vote .
OLA routinely gives legal advice for the UN system on how the world body should interact with and refer to disputed territories .
A senior Western diplomat said last week 's General Assembly resolution `` has solidified the UN position '' that Kiev 's authority over Crimea continues to be recognized .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
`` The OLA has now made clear that as far as the UN system is concerned , Crimea remains part of Ukraine , '' he said . `` That is obviously significant for a whole variety of reasons . ''
The Russians , he said , were already trying to assert their control over Crimea throughout the UN system , specifically with at the International Maritime Organization and the International Postal Union .
`` The IPU is a big one , the International Postal Union , where the Russian Postal Service is claiming the only right to deliver post in Crimea , '' the diplomat told reporters .
`` Now that there is this clear resolution by the General Assembly , the system can push back and say no , I 'm sorry , as far as the UN is concerned , Crimea remains part of Ukraine , '' the diplomat said .
Several diplomats said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was backing Ukrainian claims to Crimea in his public remarks on Friday when asked how the world body looked upon Russia 's annexation of the territory . He told reporters , `` The United Nations is guided by the General Assembly resolution . ''
Ukraine 's former Russian-backed president , Viktor Yanukovych , was ousted in February after a crackdown on demonstrations in Kiev that left dozens of people dead . This prompted Moscow to send in troops and seize the largely Russian-speaking peninsula .
The General Assembly resolution approved last week , which echoed a text Moscow vetoed last month in the Security Council , called on countries to not recognize Crimea as anything other than Ukrainian territory .
The assembly resolution dismissed Crimea 's March 16 referendum as `` having no validity , ( and ) can not form the basis for any alteration of the status of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea or of the City of Sevastopol . ''
Russian United Nations Ambassador Vitaly Churkin , March 28 , 2014 . AFP
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
Political observers are still speculating over whether the July 4 New York Times report on the loony biography of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was meant as a hit job or an encomium . He is closing in on the Democratic frontrunner , Hillary Clinton . Joe Biden is standing in the wings . Other ambitious Democratic pols are smelling blood . Sen. Sanders is surging in New Hampshire , the first primary state .
The New York Times went all the way back to the late 1960s and early 1970s to capture young Bernie when he was a hippie expatriate from the Bronx forging a political career for himself amongst the left-wing youth movement that was then intent on ousting Vermont 's political Establishment and moving on to other states , possibly to the whole wide world . Everyone would learn to play the guitar , sit cross-legged in the dirt , and affix flowers in their hair .
From a counterculture newspaper of the era , the Vermont Freeman , the New York Times quotes Bernie as inveighing against New York City 's “ mass of hot dazed humanity heading uptown for the 9-5. ” The wretches would apply themselves to “ moron work , monotonous work. ” “ The years come and go , ” writes Bernie , and he reaches for an ambitious attempt at sociological analysis : “ Suicide , nervous breakdowns , cancer , sexual deadness , heart attack , alcoholism , senility at 50 . Slow death , fast death , DEATH. ” The New York Times comments on this passage as being written “ in all apparent seriousness . ”
Actually , to those of us who were coming of age in the late 1960s and early 1970s , this kind of ominous drivel is quite familiar . I remember it for its quaint rusticity , employing Luddite themes along with the stentorian call to the barricades . It had been sounded in the 1930s , and it made a comeback in the 1960s and 1970s . The Clintons sang it , and Jean-Francois Kerry , Elizabeth Warren ( who was then apparently living in a tepee ) and Al Gore — in fact , much of the leadership of the Democratic Party today — stood with crazy Bernie at least in spirit back in the Bolshevik days of the 1970s .
Hillary sounded pretty much like this at Wellesley and during her famed commencement speech . She was singing Bernie 's song in San Francisco at the law offices where she interned with the communist defender of the Black Panthers , lawyer Robert Treuhaft . She was full of it later when she served on the staff of the House Judiciary Committee , and Democratic counsel Jerry Zeifman is said to have let her go for lying and other unethical behavior . In her early days in Arkansas , she was known for her left-wingery . Why is the New York Times bringing up Mr. Sanders ‘ youthful radicalism now ? Is it to remind us of how far left the party has come ? Well , perhaps the paper has performed a public service .
In the 1980s , we Reaganites thought that the left-wing fantasies of the recent past were dead . So did many of the left-wing fantasists . They were in mourning as the Cold War wound down and free-market economics worked its magic . There were movies like “ The Big Chill ” about how the members of the 1960s and the 1970s youth movement feared they had “ sold out ” to the Establishment . “ Moron work ” was paying off . The War on Poverty had cost billions and the poor were still with us . In fact today , even after the presidency of Bill Clinton and of the Prophet Barack Obama , we have about as many people living under the poverty line as we did in 1968 . They have cost us more than $ 22 trillion , which could have gone to job-producing investments and to infrastructure . Bernie and Hillary and the whole reactionary crowd respond with “ plow on. ” Bernie favors the Greek economic model . Who doubts Hillary does , too ?
According to the New York Times , Bernie has been questing for the “ downtrodden ” since the late 1960s . The Clintons and many of the Democratic elites have as well . The only difference is that the Clintons and the Democratic elite have enriched themselves by doing so . Bernie remains pretty much a hippie , a gray-haired hippie , but a hippie nonetheless . So if he is still living according to the late 1960s protocols as Hillary and the other Democratic elites did , why is the New York Times reminding us of their rustic origins now ? I have to tell you : I do not know . Possibly , as I say , as a public service .
• R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr. is editor-in-chief of The American Spectator . He is author of “ The Death of Liberalism , ” published by Thomas Nelson Inc .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- The first leg of LeBron James ' annual Asian tour for Nike was canceled Wednesday , as the athletic shoe and apparel giant cited `` logistical challenges '' in Manila , Philippines .
James was to make his third trip to the Asian country on Thursday and Friday as part of Nike 's `` Battle the Doubt Challenge '' -- a day-long basketball camp and evening event featuring the Cavaliers superstar , who paced Cleveland in its historic comeback from being down 3-1 to Golden State to win the 2016 Finals .
( As no team had ever recovered from such a steep deficit in the Finals , there was definitely some doubt to be battled on the part of James and the Cavs . )
Nike gave no further explanation for the cancellation .
`` Due to logistical challenges Nike has made the difficult decision to cancel the Manila portion of LeBron James ' Asia tour , '' the shoe company said in the statement . `` We apologize to all the fans in the Philippines and will look to reschedule the tour in the future . ''
A spokeswoman for James directed all questions to Nike . Late Wednesday , James named on Twitter unspecified `` events '' as a cause for the cancellation and said he 's `` always enjoyed my time '' there .
This is the second time this week a major figure from the United States has canceled on the Philippines .
Talks between President Barack Obama and Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte were called off after Duterte called Obama a slur Monday . The two were supposed to meet in nearby Laos this week .
Also , last week , a terrorist attack in the Philippines killed 14 people .
Neither Nike nor James has released the rest of the schedule for James ' annual Asian trip to U.S. media , though it is highly likely he 'll spend time in China . According to Nike 's quarterly earnings report , sales grew in the Greater Chinese Market in fiscal year 2016 by 27 percent . Globally , Nike 's sales were up 6 percent to $ 32.4 billion -- so sales in China ( the world 's largest market for basketball ) and surrounding Asian nations were a primary driver for the company .
This is James ' 12th consecutive trip to the continent with Nike , which has routinely sent its athletes there over the past decade .
And now there 's some competition . Stephen Curry has been in China for a week representing Under Armour . According to ESPN 's Darren Rovell , who covered Curry 's trip overseas , Under Armour revenues in China this year is expected to be $ 180 million . Nike 's entire business is 6.5 times larger than Under Armour 's and 21 times larger in China alone , Rovell reported -- though Under Armour 's sales in China were just $ 7.4 million in 2013 .
James is expected to host the Cavs for a few voluntary workouts in or near Los Angeles before the team begins training camp in Independence on Sept. 26 .
James will also make his first in-person appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres show Wednesday , according to WKYC Channel 3 , which will air the show locally at 4 p.m. Watch a clip of the appearance here .
Curry , for what it 's worth , will join DeGeneres next week . James called him a `` fierce competitor '' and said it `` means a lot to me '' that both he and Curry -- `` two of the most talked about athletes in the world '' -- were born in Akron .
Windows gamers have been loudly complaining about Microsoft 's disappointing PC support in the last few years , and rightfully so . After many unfulfilled promises and the Games for Windows Live debacle ( the pinnacle being Microsoft 's short lived attempt to demand Xbox Live Gold subscription on PC ) , it is understandable that gamers would still be skeptical after hearing Phil Spencer 's latest promise of improving PC support once and for all .
However , the Head of Xbox Division proved himself already with Xbox One . After a disastrous launch marred by the infamous Xbox One DRM plan , he was able to turn the ship completely and came through on all accounts .
That 's why I was willing to believe him , and now it looks like that trust was not misplaced .
Yesterday Microsoft confirmed their lineup of exclusive titles and in doing so , ReCore was announced to be planned for Windows 10 as well in 2016 .
ReCore has been one of my most anticipated titles headed to Xbox One since its announcement at E3 2015 . In case you 're not familiar with it , it 's an action/adventure game where a young woman and her robot companions set to explore a post-apocalyptic world controlled by machines . As suggested by the title , it will be possible to move the core of a companion into the robotic body of a defeated enemy , thus providing different tactical options for combat .
Other than the interesting premise and visually appealing art style , the developers also have a significant background in the gaming industry . ReCore is being designed by Comcept ( the company headed by Keiji Inafune , who designed the MegaMan character and produced many blockbuster titles at Capcom ) and developed by Armature Studio , a team formed by some of the key developers of the stellar Metroid Prime trilogy . One of these , Mark Pacini , is ReCore 's Game Director .
It 's more than just this single title , though . If you look at the lineup , nine of the twelve listed titles are coming to Windows 10 as part of the increased PC support .
Halo Wars 2 ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – Fall 2016
Fable Legends Open Beta ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – Spring 2016
ReCore ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – 2016
Sea of Thieves ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – 2016
Gigantic ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – 2016
Killer Instinct : Season 3 ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – March 2016
Gears of War : Ultimate Edition ( Windows 10 ) – Spring 2016
Ori and the Blind Forest : Definitive Edition ( Xbox One & Windows 10 ) – Spring 2016
Cobalt ( Xbox One , Xbox 360 & Steam ) – Feb. 2 , 2016
First of all , the list provides a release window for Gears of War : Ultimate Edition . According to The Coalition , significant work has been done to make this a proper showcase of DirectX 12 at 4K resolution and unlocked frame rate .
However , there 's a lot more .
Killer Instinct is widely regarded as a great fighting game and it 's now set to launch on Windows 10 in just a couple of months , with full cross-play and cross-buy functionality . Rare 's new IP , Sea of Thieves , looked great in its reveal trailer ( after all , it 's being made with Unreal Engine 4 ) ; it will be a pirate themed multiplayer adventure where players are encouraged to create their own stories through gameplay .
Fable Legends , the first multiplayer focused franchise entry and one of the first DirectX 12 titles ( you can check our preliminary benchmark here ) , is set to enter Open Beta on both platforms in just a few months . But the biggest one could actually be Halo Wars 2 , given that Microsoft has enlisted a strategy powerhouse developer of the caliber of Creative Assembly .
That 's not to mention some potential indie gems like Gigantic , Ori and the Blind Forest : Definitive Edition and Cobalt . Overall , anyone would be hard pressed to complain about Microsoft 's lack of PC support right now ; Spencer is finally delivering what Windows gamers have asked for a long time .
There is a flip side to every coin , though , and this is no exception . As it turns out , there are currently only three true Xbox One exclusives on the way to Microsoft 's console : Quantum Break , Crackdown 3 and Gears of War 4 .
Now , make no mistake . These are some important titles , but are they system sellers ( or killer applications , as we used to call them back in the day ) ? Crackdown never really set the world on fire with sales or critical reception before and it 's hard to imagine this will do any different , even with the power of the cloud ( which will be limited to multiplayer , anyway ) .
Gears of War has a big following to say the least . However , it 's important to remember that there has been a change of developer and in these cases , it 's always hard to say whether the quality will still be the same . The Coalition still has to prove their ability to deliver a new Gears of War entry on par with the first trilogy and the E3 2015 reveal of Gears of War 4 did n't exactly sell anyone on that regard yet .
Quantum Break is clearly the spearhead of this little lineup , but it brings its own set of concerns . While Remedy has always delivered quality products so far , they 've tied the game and the TV show very closely together and similar attempts have failed spectacularly in the past . Moreover , previous Remedy games have always made it to PC eventually ; we all remember Alan Wake , though in this case the IP is owned by Microsoft so things might go differently .
Before yesterday 's announcements of ReCore 's Windows 10 release and Scalebound 's delay into 2017 , I was beyond certain that I would purchase an Xbox One this year . Now , I 'm honestly not so sure anymore that those three games will be enough to convince me .
Microsoft might very well have more unannounced exclusives coming up this year ( but that 's true for Windows as well , with Decisive Games rumored to be working on a new Age of Empires ) , but for the moment being the Xbox One does n't seem well equipped when it comes to exclusives due in 2016 . While I 'm happy about Microsoft 's increased PC support , it also might mean that my Xbox One purchase will be delayed if not outright cancelled .
( KING OF PRUSSIA , Pa. ) — Lilly Pulitzer is again stirring up controversy along with its colorful cocktail-and-dress culture , but it has nothing to do with its Black-Friday-style team-up with Target last month . The brand 's King…
( KING OF PRUSSIA , Pa. ) — Lilly Pulitzer is again stirring up controversy along with its colorful cocktail-and-dress culture , but it has nothing to do with its Black-Friday-style team-up with Target last month .
The brand 's King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , headquarters was the subject of an online story and slideshow Tuesday on New York Magazine ‘ s The Cut . Among the photos of pink-and-green clad and perfectly coiffed employees there 's one photo that stands out .
In what appear to be hand-drawn illustrations , an overweight woman is captioned with the saying , “ Just another day of fat , white and hideous . You should probably just kill yourself. ” Another depicts a similarly shaped woman in a bikini with the saying , “ Put it down carb face . ”
In a slide prior to the one causing controversy , an employee is quoted as saying Lilly herself was “ ultrainclusive. ” But social media has labeled the image as fat shaming .
The image in the slideshow was originally run with no information in the caption . The site later added : “ ( This image shows the personal illustrations of an employee not pictured in this story . ) ”
“ These illustrations were the work of one individual and were posted in her personal work area , ” Jane Schoenborn , vice president of creative communications at Lilly Pulitzer , told ABC News in an emailed statement . “ While we are an employer that does encourage people to decorate their own space , we are a female-dominated company and these images do not reflect our values . We apologize for any harm this may have caused . ”
New York Media would not comment except to say the photo was taken in a Lilly Pulitzer employee 's office . The photographer did not respond to multiple requests for comment regarding the circumstances surrounding the photo .
The Target-Lilly Pulitzer collaboration was an overall hit with consumers , but some potential customers were upset when Target announced in January they would only sell up to size 18 in the stores . Larger sizes would be available online only .
Copyright © 2015 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
The Force Awakens is just days away , and to celebrate , we 're giving away TWO Poe Dameron promo cards for X-Wing Minitaures !
Our awesome local game store Paradox Comics n Cards provided us with two of these bad boys to give away !
Here are the rules
To qualify to win you 'll have to do a couple things :
Take a picture that includes an X-Wing from the X-Wing Miniatures Game ( either T-65 or T-70 ) . That 's the only restriction for your photo ; everything else is up to you .
Tweet your picture to us @ TheJodoCast and also @ ParadoxCNC .
Use the hashtag # TheJodoContest in your tweet .
in your tweet . Make sure you 're following both The Jodo Cast and Paradox on Twitter .
We 'll be picking our winners on the 18th of December ( or shortly thereafter if we 're too busy watching The Force Awakens ) .
We 'll choose our favorite picture to win a card , so be creative !
The other card will be given away to a random participant .
Disclaimer stuff : no purchase necessary . This contest is only open to residents of the United States and Canada . Sorry but international shipping costs lots of credits , or at least more credits than we can afford currently ( sorry but this show is n't exactly a moneymaker ) .
Good luck !
The greatest threat to Japan 's whaling industry may not be the environmentalists harassing its ships or the countries demanding its abolishment , but Japanese consumers . They 've lost their appetite .
The amount of whale meat stockpiled for lack of buyers has nearly doubled over 10 years , even as anti-whaling protests helped drive catches to record lows . More than 2,300 minke whales worth of meat is sitting in freezers while whalers still plan to catch another 1,300 whales per year .
Low demand adds to the uncertainty that looms ahead of an International Court of Justice ruling expected Monday on Japan 's whaling in the Antarctic Ocean . The whaling is ostensibly for research , but Australia argued in a lawsuit that it 's a cover for commercial hunts .
A resumption of commercial whaling is not a realistic option anymore , and the goal has become a mere excuse to continue research hunts . - Ayako Okubo , Tokai University marine science researcher
The stated goal of the research , which began in 1987 , is to show that commercial whaling is environmentally sustainable , but a growing question is whether it is economically sustainable . Japan 's government-subsidized whaling program is sinking deeper into debt and faces an imminent , costly renovation of its 27-year-old mother ship , Nisshin Maru .
`` A resumption of commercial whaling is not a realistic option anymore , and the goal has become a mere excuse to continue research hunts , '' said Ayako Okubo , marine science researcher at Tokai University . `` The program is used for the vested interests . ''
Sea Shepherd activists
The research program began a year after an international ban on commercial hunting took effect . Japan is one of a few countries , including Norway and Iceland , which continue to hunt whales despite the moratorium . Activists from the group Sea Shepherd try to block the whalers by dragging ropes in the water to damage their propellers , and by lobbing smoke bombs at the ships , and through other methods .
Whale meat not used for study is sold as food in Japan . But according to Fisheries Agency statistics , the amount of whale meat stockpiled in freezers at major Japanese ports totalled about 4,600 tons at the end of 2012 , from less than 2,500 tons in 2002 .
A Fisheries Agency official conceded that Sea Shepherd 's efforts to harass whaling ships have kept the stockpile from growing even bigger . He spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media .
A shopper walks past a whale meat specialty store at Tokyo 's Ameyoko shopping district , Thursday . ( Shizuo Kambayashi/The Associated Press )
Whale meat supplied half of Japan 's protein needs 50 years ago , but today it 's limited to specialty restaurants and school lunches in most of the country . It is a bigger part of the local diet in several coastal whaling towns that are allowed to conduct small-scale coastal whaling outside of International Whaling Commission oversight .
The number of whale meat distributors and processors declined by half between 1999 and 2012 , according to industry statistics . Distributors have said whale meat is unpopular largely because of the high price , lack of recipe varieties and negative image .
Once a cheaper substitute for beef , it 's now about the same price . Whale bacon is sold as a delicacy , priced about $ 90 per pound , several times the cost of regular bacon .
$ 20M in whale meat sales
The Institute of Cetacean Research , a non-profit entity overseen by the government that runs the program , made $ 20 million US from the whale meat sales last year , down from more than $ 70 million in 2004 , according to a financial report viewed by The Associated Press .
The institute rejected repeated requests by the AP for comment on whaling and its future , citing concerns about possible repercussions and violence by the Sea Shepherd on the Japanese whalers . The five-ship fleet is expected to return home within weeks , though the institute would not give any details . Its website is filled with press releases related to Sea Shepherd instead of its research .
Initially , the government injected about $ 5 million a year into the program , or about 10 per cent of its costs . By 2007 , the subsidy had grown to about $ 9 million , and is projected to exceed $ 50 million for the current fiscal year ending in September . That includes money for anti-Sea Shepherd measures , such as repairs for damage and dispatch of a patrol ship .
In this 2009 file photo released by Japan 's Institute of Cetacean Research , workers measure a captured mink whale on the deck of Japanese whaling ship , the Nisshin Maru . ( The Associated Press )
In 2011 , the Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries used an earthquake and tsunami disaster reconstruction fund to help cover whaling debts . The ministry later acknowledged funneling $ 23 million of the fund into whaling , triggering public outcry . The whaling subsidy , now part of a broader package of fisheries issues , will expire next year .
Okubo , the marine researcher , says the research has been a comfortable option for Japan to keep the embattled industry alive without taking drastic restructuring needed if they are serious about going commercial again . The research has justified subsidies , kept jobs for whalers and allowed Japan to catch up to the ambitious catch quota . The industry at its peak in the 1960 had more than 10,000 crew members and fishermen , but that number has dropped to fewer than 200 , plus a small number of coastal whalers .
Territorial rights at stake
The only commercial whaling operator still operating in Japan is Kyodo Sempaku Kaisha , which is affiliated with the Institute of Cetacean Research and manages whaling ships and meat sales .
Monday 's ICJ ruling in the Hague could cost Japan the roughly 1,000 whales it takes in the Antarctic each year , or its catch quota could be reduced . Other Japanese whaling in the North Pacific and off the Japanese coast will not be affected .
Masayuki Komatsu , a former Fisheries Agency official who served as a Japanese negotiator at IWC annual meetings , says Antarctic whaling is legal under international rules .
`` What 's at stake is not just whales . It 's a matter of territorial rights , in a way , '' said Komatsu , now a fisheries professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies . `` The Antarctic is an open sea that everyone is entitled to its rich resources . There is no need to concede to nationalistic confrontation . ''
But a 2011 report by a Fisheries Agency panel of outside experts recommended scaling back or terminating the Antarctic hunts , suggesting that coastal whaling could be enough for Japan 's tiny appetite for whale meat . It was supposed to be an interim report , but no final report was ever published .
Metro Manila ( CNN Philippines ) — Budget Secretary Florencio `` Butch '' Abad has urged the new administration to keep its finances in order , as a stable fiscal regime is often overlooked as a key factor in driving economic growth .
Foreign investors are encouraged to put their money in the Philippines when they see the government is responsible with its budget and spends within its means , Abad told CNN Philippines on Tuesday ( May 18 ) .
When analysts and credit raters recommend reforms , they always focus on fiscal responsibility and good governance , he added .
The Aquino administration was able to finance its expenditures by collecting taxes aggressively , Abad said . The Bureau of Internal Revenue ran after tax evaders , especially among the professionals and the self-employed . The Bureau of Customs also clamped down on smugglers . The government also raised taxes on sin products .
It also cut costs by tightening procurement rules , managing its liabilities to lengthen maturities and bring down interest rates .
In 2015 , the fiscal deficit hit just P121.7 billion or 0.9 % of the gross domestic product ( GDP ) . It was half of the P283.7-billion cap the government set for the year , 2 % of GDP .
Analysts have criticized the Aquino administration though for being too cautious , causing it to underspend , especially on infrastructure , at some point .
Presumptive President Rodrigo Duterte has promised to make this money move . His eight-point economic agenda outlines plans to ramp up spending for public works , social services and security .
But at the same time , Duterte has also vowed to reform the income tax system , which would effectively lower income taxes for most taxpayers .
Abad cautioned against boosting expenditures while also cutting back on a major source of government revenue at the same time .
`` If you have a constant regular revenue stream , you would want to maintain that because that is a guaranteed source of revenue for your expenditure , '' he said . `` If you are going to decrease that revenue stream ... then you would need to find other sources of revenues to make up for that loss . ''
One option for the next administration would be to maintain expenditure levels ; another would be to raise taxes . Both are unpopular , Abad said .
The government could also borrow more debt to fund its spending . It wo n't bite taxpayers now , but all debt has to be paid eventually , he explained .
ING Bank Manila , JP Morgan and Fitch Ratings are just some of the organizations that have emphasized the need for fiscal responsibility to keep the economy going .
The increased revenue take of the government , coupled with restrained spending , allowed the government to attain consecutive credit rating upgrades . Under the Aquino administration , the Philippines was moved up to investment grade — considered by foreign investors as a worthy creditor — for the first time in its history .
An investment grade credit rating allows the Philippine government and local corporations to borrow money from abroad at much lower interest rates . It is also used as a benchmark by investors who are looking for countries to park their capital in .
Power player
Abad , a Liberal Party ( LP ) stalwart , assured the next administration his party would do what it could to ensure the transition would as smooth as possible .
Despite a hard-fought presidential campaign that saw administration bet Manuel Roxas II come in second in the polls , Abad said the LP was ready to help Duterte .
`` We have been able to achieve sustained growth over the past six years and we would certainly like that growth to continue . We are open to working with the next administration to achieve that , '' Abad said .
He explained that campaigning was divisive , as candidates sought to secure votes against their rivals . But governing is about working together to ensure the country progressed with each new administration .
The LP may no longer be the ruling party but Abad said it would still be a key power broker under Duterte 's term .
In the new government , he counted six senators , 115 representatives and more than 40 governors affiliated with LP .
`` We are a significant player still , '' he said .
As for Abad , who closes his term as Budget chief in a month , he said he planned to take a long break after a testing six years .
That being said , he emphasized that public service would always be in his blood .
Residents of houses could get 35 % discount after five years and another 1 % for each further year , up to maximum of £75,000
David Cameron will try to breathe new life into the right-to-buy scheme by offering council tenants discounts of up to £75,000 , arguing that the discount will help encourage `` strong families and stable communities '' .
Families could receive a 35 % discount after five years ' residency , with an extra 1 % for each additional year , up to a maximum of £75,000 . It had previously been expected that the maximum would be set at £50,000 .
Tenants in flats will get 50 % off after five years , with 2 % added yearly . The money raised from sales will go towards building more social housing .
The government is also announcing more details of its newbuy guarantee , designed to give would-be buyers access to mortgages even if they only have a 5 % deposit . Names will be released of three high-street lenders and seven construction firms who have agreed to support the scheme .
Ministers say they believe the initiative will help 100,000 people who would otherwise have been frozen out of the property market , and will support 50,000 construction jobs . Developers would contribute 3.5 % of the purchase price while the government guarantees 5.5 % . The scheme is available on flats and houses up to a maximum value of £500,000 in England only .
Cameron said : `` Strong families and stable communities are built from good homes . That 's why I want us to build more homes and I want more people to have the chance to own their own home .
`` We are acting today across the board to make this happen . We 're rebooting the right-to-buy scheme to increase discounts for two million tenants in social housing in England . And we 're delivering on our promise to offer affordable mortgages to buyers who might otherwise not be able to raise the money to buy a newly built home .
`` It 's no good hoping people will climb the property ladder if the bottom rung is missing . Affordable properties and available mortgages are vital . So we 're working with leading housebuilders and lenders to get the scheme under way . ''
The shadow housing minister , Jack Dromey , dismissed the announcement as `` too little too late – but at least it is something from a government that has done virtually nothing to tackle the worst housing crisis in a generation '' . He said the number of major lenders participating in the scheme had fallen from seven to three and the number of builders from 25 to seven , compared with when the scheme was originally announced .
The newbuy scheme has been designed by the Home Builders Federation and the Council of Mortgage Lenders .
ALTHOUGH the “ hugot ” have come a long way in pleasing the Filipino readers , a creative writer should do away with it and develop a broader sensibility in writing .
This was the challenge of the country 's esteemed writers and literary scholars to the 16 fellows of the Fourth Thomasian Undergraduate Writers ' Workshop held last June 7 to 9 at the Rizal Hall of St. Raymund 's Building , hosted by the Center for Creative Writing and Literary Studies ( CCWLS ) .
As part of its literary endeavor , this year 's writing workshop addressed not only the fellow 's writing know-hows but also the issue of cliché love subjects in writing .
The word “ hugot , ” roughly translated as “ pull out ” or “ draw ” in English , refers to expressions with sentimental undertones “ pulled out ” and “ drawn ” from someone 's personal experiences in life , usually about love .
While it may be commonly seen in social media posts , established writers have long used hugot in their literary works .
Panelists directly criticized young writers , who are confined to typical romance narratives which target readers who are having the same sentiments with them .
Ned Parfan , CCWLS fellow , urged aspiring writers to write about their own unique experiences as an effective way of keeping one 's work compelling , instead of persisting in hugot subjects just to make their works crowd-pleasing .
“ Tanggalin mo ang lahat ng narinig na namin noon , ” he said . “ Gawin mong specific sa experience mo ang sinusulat mo para maging interesting . Kung gagawin mong specific , lahat ito ay magiging maayos , ” he added .
Joselito de los Reyes , award-winning author and one of the workshop coordinators , encouraged writers to discover and present their readers a unique story when writing about love .
“ Marami na ang natula tungkol sa pag-ibig and that makes it more difficult for you to think of something na panibago , ” he said . “ Pero iyon nga e , creative writers tayo at nagtatangka tayong lumikha ng bago . ”
“ Sigurado akong hindi lang ganito kapayak ang sensibilidad sa pagmamahal . Ano ba ang the biggest longing mo na hindi pa nila naranasan , pangkaraniwan pero hindi pa nila narinig ? ” he added .
Jerry Gracio , screenplay writer , said that while writing about one 's “ love life ” is alright for beginning writers , they should eventually “ level up ” and offer a new perspective about life .
“ When you get older at puro hugot at pag-ibig ka pa rin , hahanapan na kita ng ibang insight bilang mambabasa , ” he said .
Good writing
Cristina Pantoja Hidalgo , CCWLS director , advised the workshop participants to improve their craft by reading the best works in their genre .
“ How do you learn to sing well and improve ? You listen to the ones who do it well and learn from them . You do the same for writing , ” she said .
John Jack Wigley , former UST Publishing House director , emphasized the relevance of an outline as part of one 's preparation in writing a literary piece .
“ Nakatutulong siguro ang outline for writing para nakikita ‘ yong progress ng kuwento . Hindi mo kasi masyado makikita ang kabuuan ng kuwento kung walang outline , ” he said .
De los Reyes also discussed the important role of research in the writing process .
“ May malaking component ang research sa pagiging creative writer . Hindi lamang tayo basta humuhugot ng salita sa alapaap , ” he said .
Other panelists were Publishing House director Ailil Alvarez , CCWLS fellows Ralph Galan and Chuckberry Pascual , poet Joel Toledo and University of the Philippines-Diliman professor Joey Baquiran .
Author Dawn Marfil served as one of the workshop coordinators alongside de los Reyes .
Writing is for everyone
Although they consider writing as a “ completely different world ” in their field of expertise , eight non-Literature students also proved that their fellowship in the workshop was still a worth shot .
The fellows from different degree programs were : Elaine Joyce Ang ( BS Medical Technology ) , Carl Keith Leal ( BS Architecture ) , Moses Matsuzawa ( BS Hotel and Restaurant Management ) , May Siglos ( BS Accountancy ) , Kim Alwin Sy ( BS Education , major in English ) , Kenneth Arvin Tabios ( BS Civil Engineering ) , Kevin Glenn Yee ( BS Civil Engineering ) and Zymon Arvindale Dykee ( AB Journalism ) .
“ It is a bit disheartening to join this workshop at first , being a non-Literature major [ … ] , but TUWW had ignited my hope to be a better writer once again , knowing that regardless of your program , anyone who has the zeal and perseverance to write can write meaningfully , ” Ang said in an interview with the Varsitarian .
Tabios , who recently graduated after the announcement of fellows , said the degree programs have no bearing when joining a writing workshop .
“ Kahit hindi ka [ Literature ] major , basta alam mo sa sarili mo na passion mo naman talaga , makasasabay ka sa diskusyon . Ang kailangan mo lang naman talaga ay makinig at maging open sa criticisms , ” he said .
Fellows who are Literature students were : Arielle Abrigo , Leanne Claire Bellen , Francis Agapitus Braganza , Ma . Doreen Evita Garcia , Nikko Miguel Garcia , Philip Jamilla , Marianne Ella Lao , Lloyd Alcedric Opalec and Neal Andreu Tayco .
During the application period , fellows were required to submit a manuscript which may be one short story , one work of creative nonfiction , one one-act play or two poems , written either in English or Filipino .
The workshop aims to discover and nurture budding writers belonging to different colleges . It also serves as a “ wake-up call ” for them to join more prestigious writing workshops outside the University and motivate them to submit literary works to different publications and literary contests .
It is that time of year again : another installment of the PC Perspective Hardware Workshop ! Once again we will be presenting on the main stage at Quakecon 2012 being held in Dallas , TX August 2-5th .
Main Stage - Quakecon 2012
Saturday , August 4th , 2pm CT
Our thanks go out to the organizers of Quakecon for allowing us and our partners to put together a show that we are proud of every year . We love giving back to the community of enthusiasts and gamers that drive us to do what we do ! Get ready for 2 hours of prizes , games and raffles and the chances are pretty good that you 'll take something out with you - really , they are pretty good !
Our thanks for this year 's workshop logo goes to John Pastor ! !
Our primary partners at the event are those that threw in for our ability to host the workshop at Quakecon and for the hundreds of shirts we have ready to toss out ! Our thanks to NVIDIA , MSI Computer and Corsair ! !
Live Streaming
If you ca n't make it to the workshop - do n't worry ! You can still watch the workshop live on our page right here as we stream it over one of several online services . Just remember this URL : http : //pcper.com/workshop and you will find your way !
Case Mod Competition
Along with the Hardware Workshop , PC Perspective is working with Modders Inc on the annual case mod contest ! There are two categories for the competition : `` Scratch Built '' and `` In the Box '' that will allow those that build their computer enclosures from the ground up to compete separately from those that heavily modify their existing cases and systems .
For more details , be sure to check out the on going thread at the Modders Inc Forums !
Prize List ( will continue to grow ! )
Continue reading to see the list of prizes for the workshop ! ! !
AMD 100 x A8-3870K APUs Seriously ... 100 ! !
Cooler Master 1 x Cosmos II Black 5 x Storm Spawn Optical 5 x QuickFire Rapid KB 1 x HAF XM USB 3.0 1 x CM 692 Advanced 1 x 1050 watt PSU 1 x 1300 watt PSU
Corsair 3 x K90 KB 3 x M90 Mice 2 x K60 KB 2 x M60 Mice 2 x V2000 Headset 3 x V1500 Headset 2 x GS800 PSU 2 x C70 Chassis 2 x 8GB Vengeance Memory 2 x Corsair Fan sets 2 x 240GB Force GS SSD
EVGA 2 x GTX 570
Galaxy 1 x MDT GTX 580 2 x Galaxy MDT 610 10 x Custom Tshirts 50 x Galaxy keychains
Gigabyte 1 x 990FXA-UD7 1 x Sniper M3 Z77
G.SKill 2 x Sniper 8GB DDR3 1600 MHz 2 x 16GB Class 10 Memory
Kingston 10 x 16GB USB 2.0 DataTraveler 5 x HyperX Cooling Fan 5 x HyperX Blu memory 4GB 1600MHz DDR3
MSI 2 x N560GTX-Ti Hawk 2 x MSI Acrylic Test Bench 2 x Z77MA-G45
NVIDIA 1 x EVGA GeForce GTX 690 ( ! ! ) 7 x EVGA GeForce GTX 680 10 x GeForce GTX 480
OCZ Technology 3 x 120GB Vertex 4 SSD 10 x 4GB USB Diesel flash drives 20 x OCZ mouse mats
Patriot 3 x Viper Xtreme memory 3 x 32GB Supersonic BOost XT drives
Roccat
Rosewill 1 x Blackhawk chassis 1 x R5 Gaming case 1 x Capstone 750 watt PSU 1 x FOrtress 750 watt PSU 1 x RK-800G Keyboard 1 x RHTS 8206 headset
Seasonic 2 x M12II 850 watt PSU 2 x X760 watt PSU 2 x P860 watt PSU
Thermaltake 3 x Carrying bags 1 x Level 10 GTS 1 x Chaser MK1 1 x Water 2.0 Extreme
Western Digital 4 x 600GB Velociraptor 2 x 1TB Velociraptor 2 x MyNet N750 routers
Quakecon 1 x ticket for Ford Shelby GT500 Coupe raffle ( ! ! )
Tshirts . Did we mention a TON of Tshirts ? ?
PLUS MUCH MORE ! ! !
We are really looking forward to the event this year and are looking forward to seeing all of you there !
Applied Pop Culture ( not a real term but just one that I made up ) means taking some aspect of the movies , books and games we love and bringing it to life in the real world in a way that helps or serves people in some way or just brings more fun and joy into our lives .
Hence , I have interviewed and profiled DangerMan , a “ real-life superhero ” who travels the country speaking to kids about the importance of literacy , health and non-violence ; Kyle Simons whose Magicians RPG turns boring language study into an exciting role-playing game ; and , now , Aleena Averly of Averly Designs who creates and provides outfits and props for many of your favorite cosplayers , effectively translating pixelated and digital images of the imagination into real , flesh-and-blood characters for cosplay fans to enjoy .
As a cosplay fan myself , I could n't resist the opportunity to interview Aleena , a multi-talented yet underappreciated magician working quietly behind the scenes , turning fantasy into reality for all of us nerds and geeks . And it turns out her personal story involves a lot of adversity that just may inspire you if you read through to the end .
Q : Please tell us about your work . What do you do and for whom ?
A : Currently , I 'm a costume fabricator . Basically , I design outfits , props , gear and accessories for both amateur and professional cosplayers . My clients range from new cosplayers to some of the more recognizable names in the cosplay world .
Q : You used to be a cosplayer yourself . When and how did you get into cosplaying ? And why did you stop ?
A : I have always been a huge fan of the Tomb Raider games so I was really excited when the first movie was released in 2001 . That year I dressed up in the movie version of the outfit for Halloween . I loved the design of Lara Croft 's gun holsters in the movie and really wanted to own an accurate version myself so I started trying to figure out how to make that possible and I was hooked !
But after a few years of making Lara Croft gear and outfits and dressing up I transitioned into graphic design and kinda fell off the cosplaying map for a while .
Also , with what cosplay has become , it 's hard to be taken seriously as a gamer and a fan if you look a certain way so I think I 've transitioned along the way into being the ‘ funny girl ' to compensate .
Q : We 've seen your cosplay and modeling photos and were impressed . Have you ever thought about modeling for a living ?
A : When I was younger , I had always wanted to be an actress so I generally avoided the modeling game . I did , however , do some modeling for the airsoft gun company Shorty USA for a while who found me after they had seen my Halloween costume . I did that just for fun more than anything else .
Recently , I also started doing some modeling for a wonderful company called Daisy Corsets . I took the job because I love their corsets and costumes ( guess costumes are in my blood ! ) but also because the owners are amazing people and we have a blast together . It 's hard for me to ever take myself seriously as a “ model , ” though , because I spent a lifetime not wanting to be known for how I looked but viewed as a good friend and loving family member who just loves video games and movies .
Q : With cosplaying , you can get a lot of fans and publicity . But it seems that with the kind of work you do , you 're playing more of a behind-the-scenes role . What is it about the work that satisfies you so much that you 're willing to take on a more hidden role while everyone else gets all the attention ( and maybe the credit for your work as well ) ?
A : More than anything I was a cosplayer because I loved creating things . I love watching a movie or playing a game and loving the design of something I see , wanting it , and then being able to make it a tangible item . I love the process of conceptual design , planning , patterning and creating and ending up with a final product I am happy with . I love coming up with ideas and techniques for how to make something poplar and I truly enjoy helping others do the same .
That 's why I love doing video tutorials for others who may be exactly where I was before when I was first figuring out how to create items . It 's nice to be able to help someone else because it took years for me to get my own methods down to an art .
My favorite part in this is taking an outfit or item that does n't exist in the real world and making it a reality for someone . When I used to be a cosplayer , it was also a dream of mine to be able to have the cosplay props , gear and accessories that I wanted . Hopefully , I 'm able to fulfill that dream for others and make them happy and feel the same way I did each time I held a finished product in my hands .
I love to feel useful . I do n't really need the credit for it as long as when I am done I am proud of it .
Q : You just launched a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo . Please tell us a little about what you hope to achieve through it .
A : I love what I do and am so lucky to have been able to continue doing it for as long as I have . But right now my customers have to wait weeks and weeks to receive items because everything I make is 100 % handmade by me personally . If the campaign is successful , I 'd be able to buy the equipment and materials to take on more orders at a time without making everyone wait so long .
Q : I heard you were reluctant to do the Indiegogo campaign but that a friend talked you into it . Tell us about that .
A : I 'm a very proud person . It 's my main flaw . I 've spent a lifetime of not asking people for help . It 's very hard for me to admit when I 'm not able to do something alone because I 've always viewed needing help and not being able to do it all on my own as a failure . But I 've reached a point in my life where I realize when something is starting to become too much for me and slightly out of my control . Sarah Larochelle of LaraCroftCosplay.com encouraged me to write the campaign and even did a lot of the social media page design side of it . With encouragement from her and cosplayer Jenn Croft , I finally felt I was ready to admit I needed help . They 've made me see that the real failure would be in not admitting that and letting my passions and business die due to my stubbornness .
Q : What 's it been like trying to run a small , independent business by yourself ?
A : It 's really been a joy and a struggle . On one hand , it 's been amazing doing something I 'm passionate about that others happen to think is useful . But it 's also been a heavy load at times . Until January of this year , I had always worked full time in a normal career and then came home to also work full time on the costume fabricating . It 's been a couple years of very little sleep and constant anxiety to keep everything running and flowing .
Q : I happen to know that you 've struggled with some serious health issues . I know you do n't like revealing it , but please do . In fact , even though Pop Mythology is an entertainment/pop culture website and health is n't one of our usual topics , the reason I started it was as a way to cope with my own illness , so this is a topic that 's very close to me .
A : When I was 13 , I started to get really sick all of a sudden . I was constantly tired and always felt like I had the flu . By the time I was 16 , most of my eyebrows had fallen out and I did n't know what it was like to feel good anymore . So I compensated by mentally pretending that this was the norm and just kept working through it . I went through quite a few jobs when I was younger because I was constantly having to go to the hospital and the ER and not wanting to look weak at work . But I was young and stupid and felt that as long as I pushed myself to work harder and got awards and recognition in the work place , it would somehow all balance out in the end .
After three years of specialists and unanswered questions , I was eventually diagnosed with lupus and pelvic inflammatory disease which led to emergency surgery . More recently , I was also diagnosed with fibromyalgia and have just learned to live through most of it .
My doctor told me I needed to stay away from stressful work environments because they make my system shut down , so one of the reasons I started doing costume fabricating full time was that it allowed me to work from home . But , eventually , as I started getting more clients and more orders , it became overwhelming . I needed more , better equipment and proper tools .
So the Indiegogo campaign would be a way for me to keep this career and my independence which would be the best thing for my health . I spent a year researching what I 'd need to be able to make everything faster and easier which translates into better customer service . It would also allow me to work at home which would help my charity work with St. Louis Pet Rescue as an emergency caregiver for neglected animals .
Actually , most people do n't even knew that I 've been sick all this time . I just got really good with makeup and really good with jokes about my eyebrows , haha . Those that I did tell about being sick , I made it sound like it was n't a big deal .
Q : But it is a big deal . Most people have no idea what it 's like or how hard it is . A lot of what you just shared mirrors my own experience quite a bit , in fact . I know it was n't easy opening up like that so thank-you .
A : Everything in life is a challenge . You just have to choose how you face it . I fully believe life is what you make it and I choose to make mine a useful one . That 's what makes me truly happy at the end of the day . I may not be rich and probably never will be . I also may not be famous for this work or anything else and people may never know who I am . But I do n't need all that . All I need is friends I can trust , a family I love and an art that brings me joy and a sense of accomplishment . Past that , all else is just a bonus .
Connect with Averly Designs on Facebook
Hear Aleena talk about some of her work in this YouTube video :
[ subscribe2 ]
Related Posts None
Mr. T ( born Laurence Tureaud on May 21 , 1952 ) is an actor principally known for his roles in the 1980s television series The A-Team and as boxer James Clubber Lang in the 1982 film Rocky III .
I pity the foo ' ...
Quotes [ edit ]
I did n't just start doing this today . Not like some people that have a movie coming out , so they go visit kids in the hospital . You do n't need that phony crap . All of these celebrities , they turn my stomach with their funny stuff . I 've been going in the ghettos without the press , without bodyguards , talking to kids . `` Get to reading , stay in school . You do n't have to carry a gun . '' I know about peer pressure and all that , but I say , `` Hey , they called me a sissy because I would n't join a gang . Who was calling me a sissy ? Does it make me a sissy because somebody called me a sissy ? '' [ ... ] I 'm going to fight if you touch me or hurt me or do harm to my family . But if you call me a bad name , or whatnot , I 'm too smart for that . That 's the message the kids need to hear coming from me . I tell them , `` If I fought every time somebody called me a name , I would never get out of jail . But I 'm disciplined . I 'm smarter than that . '' So I tell them , like my mother said , `` Consider the source . '' When you see who called you the name , then you understand why they 're doing it . Then you do n't have to stoop that low .
See , if I come into a black neighborhood and say , `` Thanks for watching my show , '' and give out high fives and all that , I 'm not doing no good . I go out and see a kid grabbing his crotch . Ai n't nobody telling them that . Where do they get it from ? They watch MTV . I say , `` If you wash up more often , you wo n't have to grab your crotch . '' I 'm telling these guys , `` Why you got ta grab your crotch ? '' Then you see Michael Jackson grabbing his crotch 50 times . What 's with him ?
Everything started as a dream . You got ta have insight , know what you want . You got ta have a plan . Like I tell anybody , if you fail to plan , you 're planning to fail . I 've been planning ever since I was a youngster . You 've got to start from somewhere . There 's nothing wrong or demeaning in flipping burgers . It 's prouder than selling drugs .
We did n't starve . We spent wisely . Like I tell people in the ghetto , `` If you can buy guns and bullets , why ca n't you buy food ? You can buy heroin and crack cocaine , so why ca n't you buy bread and butter and milk ? Why ca n't you pay your rent ? '' There 's a lot of people in the ghetto who go out and get a fancy car and all that . The car costs more than their house . Meanwhile , your kids need shoes . That 's not cool . The Onion A.V . Club , June 26th , 2002
Silver Spoons ( 1982 ) [ edit ]
First name Mr , middle name 'period ' , last name T !
Be Somebody or Be Somebody 's Fool ( 1984 ) [ edit ]
Do you know me ? Of course you do . 'Cause I 'm famous !
Hey , you with the teeth ...
Hey , everybody got ta ' put on clothes and if you do n't you get arrested .
Calvin Klein and Gloria Vanderbilt do n't wear clothes with your name on it , so why should you wear their name ?
Anger - use it , but do n't lose it !
Snickers Advert ( 2007 ) [ edit ]
Quit yo Jibber-jabber ! You ai n't hurt , yo pathetic ! , Argh ! If I ever catch you acting like a crazy fool again , you 're gon na meet my friend pain ! Snickers , get some nuts !
SPEEDWALKING ? ! I pity you fool ! You are a disgrace to the man race ! It 's time to run like a real man ! Take that speedwalker ! Do it again sucker , and there 's going to be trouble ! With a capital Mr.T ! Snickers , get some nuts !
Yo makin ' me mad sucker , cold water never hurt nobody ! It 's time to get in da pool , 'cause you 're goin ' swimmin ' , fool ! TAKE THAT , TOEDIPPER ! Argh ! Argh ! I hate flying , so this had better be the last time I see yo cryin ' ! Snickers , get some nuts !
World of Warcraft Advert ( 2007 ) [ edit ]
Shut up , fool !
Mr. T has the greatest hair in the world . You ca n't deny it , it 's been proven by science , fool !
Well , maybe Mr. T hacked the game and created a Mohawk class ! Maybe , Mr. T 's pretty handy with computers ! Had that occurred to you , Mr. `` Condescending '' Director ? !
I 'm Mr. T and I 'm a `` Night Elf Mohawk '' ! What 's YOUR game ?
I ai n't no computer hacker !
Attributed [ edit ]
As a kid , I got three meals a day . Oatmeal , miss-a-meal and no meal .
I pity the fool who drinks soy milk .
I believe in the Golden Rule - The Man with the Gold ... rules .
For 5 years Mr. T disappeared . Fools went unpitied and Jibba-Jabba went unchallenged ! On his fight with cancer
It takes a smart guy to play dumb . Response to the question `` Are you as thick as BA ? '' at a press conference .
People ask me what the `` T '' stands for in my name . If you 're a man , the `` T '' stands for tough . If you 're a woman or child , it stands for tender !
I remember one time I tried to pity this fool . He told me his name was Jeff . He was married . He pulled out his wallet and showed me three pictures of his kids ; Kelly , Robert , Brittany . Real cute kids . Do n't get too close man . It 's hard to pity a fool if you get too close .
I pity the university for not giving T enough time . You know I got all duded up , got dressed , the students were all ready for me , then they gave me short time . So I pity them . So if they want to be unpitied , they 'll invite me back and give me more time . Speech at UCLA , May 9 , 2002 .
I think about my father being called 'boy , ' my uncle being called 'boy , ' my brother , coming back from Vietnam and being called 'boy . ' So I questioned myself : 'What does a black man have to do before he 's given the respect as a man ? ' So when I was 18 years old , when I was old enough to fight and die for my country , old enough to drink , old enough to vote , I said I was old enough to be called a man . I self-ordained myself Mr. T so the first word out of everybody 's mouth is 'Mr . ' That 's a sign of respect that my father did n't get , that my brother did n't get , that my mother did n't get .
You 're going through college , and you 're going to be faced with a lot of things . You 're going to face adversity , the main thing is do n't quit . For many people it 's easy to quit , but do n't . That 's what separates the winners from the losers , what separates the all-stars from the also-rans .
I wanted to win to feed the hungry people of my community . I did n't want to win to buy a diamond – I had no diamonds then . I did n't want to win to buy a car , I did n't want to win to bring a couple of chicks downtown to a hotel . I wanted to win to feed the poor people of the community . On winning the America 's Toughest Bouncer contest .
I tell people that I was born and raised in the ghetto , but the ghetto was not born and raised in me .
When you see me now , I 'm nothing but a big overgrown tough mama 's boy . And I speak that with glee because the problem with society is we do n't have enough mama 's boys .
I said `` Hell no , because you did n't find a weapon ; or if that 's the charge you would have to lock me up because my hands and feet are deadly weapons . ''
I 'm not perfect , I 'm not an angel , but I try to live a certain way because it brings honour and respect to my mother . I tell people that when they look at me , they 're looking at nothing but a big , overgrown , tough mama 's boy . That 's who I am .
People ask what gives me the authority to give advice ? I say , First of all , I do n't give advice . Dr Phil gives advice . Mr T helps people . I motivate them , I inspire them , I give them hope , and I plant the seed so they can feel good about themselves .
`` You 've got to testify ! Tell somebody about it . God is good ! '' `` I pity the fool that do n't get it . '' - Mr. T going for Jury Duty .
Source : `` ' I pity the fool ' : Mr T on jury duty '' 28 April 2009 by Cheryl V. Jackson Chicago Sun Times https : //www.pressreader.com/usa/chicago-sun-times/20090428/281651071050776
About [ edit ]
You do n't rehearse Mr. T , you just turn him loose . Sylvester Stallone .
Quotes from acting [ edit ]
Hey , sucka !
Shut up Murdock , crazy fool !
I ai n't getting on no plane , Hannibal !
Where 's the meat ? This sandwich is full of weeds ! I ai n't eatin ' nothing I do n't understand !
I got no time for the jibba-jabba .
Do n't make me mad , Arrr !
I 'm on a real short leash here , and I 'm tired of your crazy rap !
I pity the fool , thug , or soul who tries to take over the world .
Shut up , fool !
What ! ? ! Idiot shot the tires on my van ! !
Hannibal is on the jazz .
Be there ! NBC promotional spot , 1983
Mother , There is No Other . Like Mother So treat Her right , treat Her right .
Mother , I always Love Her . My Mother . So treat Her right , treat Her right .
It 's a crack baby .... FOOL Mr.T and the T-Force , Issue 1
I pity Screech , because everybody pitied Screech . -- NBC 75th Anniversary Special
I pity that chump Conan O'Brien . On the Conan O'Brien show .
Take it from me ... Mr.T
Eight out of twenty ? ! ? That 's only a third , and third rhymes with Turd ! That 's bad .
Love is a verb ... and Verbs show action
You gon na lose a deal over $ 35 ? Thats chump change ! My lunch cost $ 35 !
Hey fool , this ai n't no football game ! ( A-Team )
I do n't hate fools , I pity them ! ( I pity the fool )
Life 's tough , but I 'm tougher ! ( I pity the fool )
The jibba jabba stops here ! ( I pity the fool )
Teachin ' fools some basic rules ! ( I pity the fool )
'How Are You Going to Defeat ISIS ' ? CO Senator Slams Trump 's 'Temper Tantrum '
Cruz and Rubio 'Working Hand-in-Glove ' to Stop Trump in Arkansas , Pundits Say
Heidi Cruz opened up tonight on how she came to fall in love with her husband Ted .
Cruz , a California native who grew up with missionary parents , met the now-Texas senator while the two worked together on the 2000 Bush for President campaign .
“ Ted has a very rare combination that I spotted immediately , which is that he has a deep , deep intelligence , but at the same time , he 's a lot of fun , '' she said .
As the issue of “ likability ” has increasingly grown in the race for the White House , some critics have suggested that Cruz is unpopular with his colleagues in the Senate and from law school .
Megyn asked Cruz for her take on the claims about her husband .
“ One of the things that attracted me most to Ted Cruz was all of his friends , ” Cruz responded .
“ If you 're dating someone and you do n't like their friends , you might want to think about that . Ted had an incredible group – has an incredible group – of friends who are thoughtful people , who are contributing greatly to this country , who do hard things , because it 's the right thing to do .
So this likability thing really is , I think , a misnomer for people who are n't getting much done . ”
Watch the full , wide-ranging interview above .
Ryan on White House Bid : 'Count Me Out '
Indiana Delegates Report Threats After Anti-Trump Comments
'Kelly File ' Fact-Check : Obama Claims Hillary Did Not 'Jeopardize ' Nat ' l Security
A burglary suspect broke down in tears in the dock when the judge recognised him as a former schoolmate and said he had been the `` best kid '' in school .
Arthur Booth appeared in front of judge Mindy Glazer at Miami-Dade bond court charged with burglary .
Booth , 49 , was arrested on Monday after being spotted driving a car that matched the description of one allegedly involved in a robbery and failing to stop after a police officer signalled him to .
A police chase followed , resulting in two accidents before he crashed the car .
He fled on foot but was eventually caught and charged with various offences .
When he was taken into court , the judge looked at him for a moment or two and then asked : `` Did you go to Nautilus ? ''
`` Oh my goodness , '' replied Booth several times , at first with smiles and then breaking down in tears .
`` I 'm sorry to see you here , '' replied Judge Glazer . `` I always wondered what happened to you . ''
`` This was the nicest kid in middle school , '' she told the court . `` He was the best kid in middle school . I used to play football with him , all the kids , and look what has happened . ''
`` What 's sad is how old we 've become , '' she continued before finishing the conversation with : `` Good luck to you , sir , I hope you are able to come out of this OK and just lead a lawful life . ''
The judge set Booth 's bond at $ 43,000 ( £27,500 ) .
HBO/FX
Welcome to the First Annual Uproxx Television Critics ' Poll ! ( Or , if you prefer , welcome back for the Fifth Annual HitFix Television Critics ' Poll ! )
When plans began to merge the two sites earlier this year , everyone on the combined TV team was clear that we wanted to keep the poll going , since it provides a fascinating snapshot of critical opinion in the age of Peak TV .
This year , we polled 59 critics , asking for their lists of the 10 best overall shows of the year , and the 10 best new shows , ranked in order . ( Then , when we put them all together , a 1st place choice was worth 10 points , 2nd place 9 points , etc . ) Our critics ( myself included ) cast votes for 103 different shows on the overall poll , and 67 shows on the new poll . When there are so many interesting viewing choices , it 's hard to achieve consensus , even among critics who allegedly all like the same kinds of shows .
But if there 's one channel on which the majority of critics seem to agree these days , it 's the great work being done at FX ( which I wrote about earlier this year ) . Fargo won the overall poll the previous two years ( and the new shows poll in 2014 ) . With that show taking 2016 off , The People v. O.J . Simpson : American Crime Story slipped into the top spot , with FX 's The Americans and Atlanta rounding out the top 3 , way ahead of any other choices . ( Our fourth place finisher was the year 's other O.J . Simpson miniseries : ESPN 's O.J . : Made in America . )
Interestingly , though we made clear to voters that they could consider The People v. O.J . for the new shows poll as well , since it was the inaugural season of the American Crime Story anthology , it finished second there to Atlanta . Some critics I spoke with were n't comfortable voting for an anthology series ( or , for that matter , a miniseries ) as a “ new series , ” while others simply preferred to spread the wealth , dropping Marcia Clark and company just enough for Donald Glover 's hip-hop dramedy to win that one .
Due to the transition to the new site , the poll is both a bit later and more bare-bones than it 's been in recent years . ( You can , for now , find the previous polls here ; eventually , they 'll all become part of Uproxx proper . ) In future polls , we hope to go back to all the old bells and whistles , which allowed you to click on any show or any critic 's name for more information , but this year , it 's three pages : the overall shows poll , whose results are listed below ; the best new shows poll ; and a complete list of everyone 's ballots . ( Thanks , as always , to Josh Lasser for riding herd over the whole thing and making sure this particular HitFix-to-Uproxx transition went smoothly , and to Kris Maske , Keith Phipps , Jerry Thompson , Ralph Ordaz , and all the other Uproxxers who made this a priority and powered it through . )
So take a look , and then let us know what you think about what the critics thought .
Uproxx
The 2016 Uproxx Television Critics ' Poll :
The Best Overall Shows
Remember when President Trump proposed the ill-famed “ travel ban ” ? Every liberal and their genderless dog lost their marbles over it ( see Man Claims Mom Died in Iraq Because the ‘ Trump Ban . ' Yeah , He Lied… ) . Twas the meltdown of ages… Until the following week , when progressives found something else to bitch about . You may recall the judges who took a stand by blocking said ban in court . Well , turns out that blockage did little to stop Trump 's intended effect .
The number of refugees entering the US dramatically fell in the past several months even as President Donald Trump 's executive order banning entry from certain Muslim-majority countries has been blocked in court . Last October , a reported 9,945 refugees arrived in the US , but that figure steadily declined to just 2,070 in March , a six-year low , according to data released by the Refugee Processing Center ( RPC ) .
This news comes as a refreshing change . We had originally noted thousands of refugees flooded into the U.S. after courts blocked Trump 's ‘ travel ban . ' But that number has seemingly calmed .
RPC did record a slight uptick last month , however , with 3,316 refugees coming in . Still , refugee entry to the US fell from 4,580 in February to 2,070 in March . Refugees from Syria dropped from 1,318 in January to 673 in February .
Suffice it to say , we likely dodged a few jihadi bombings there . Ca n't say the same for Europe , unfortunately . Their once-tourist-friendly streets currently resemble that of Pakistan 's underground sewage tunnels . But at least they can boast multiculturalism .
Also , before any leftists get their Pull-Ups in a twist , check out all the correlation between refugees and terrorism . Read Syrian President Assad : Yeah , Some Refugees Are Definitely Terrorists and Top 5 Examples of Muslim Refugees Who Were Terrorists . Then proceed to air your “ ISLAMOPHOBIA ! ” grievances in the nearest dumpster at your convenience .
Looks like America is n't over-achieving in terms of refugee welcoming as of late . Fret not , dear military-aged , manly migrants . I 'm sure there 's plenty of Europe to go around…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST ? FIX THAT ! IT 'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption There is much caution towards the idea of curbing the powers of the Strasbourg judges
The government is calling for the European Convention on Human Rights to be substantially rewritten so national courts have a greater say .
Ministers have long promised to use the six-month presidency of the Council of Europe for reform in Strasbourg .
They have now circulated a detailed position paper with plans for the human rights court .
The document is the basis for negotiations with other countries ahead of a summit in Brighton in April .
Fewer cases
The draft that I have seen says the European court should not be able to examine cases that are `` identical in substance to a claim that has been considered by a national court '' .
The exception would be when `` a national court has manifestly made an error in its interpretation of the convention '' , or if the case `` raises a serious question about the way the convention is interpreted or applied '' .
This would mean far fewer cases would ever reach Strasbourg .
The government also calls for people to have much less time to apply to the European Court - just two , three or four months , not six months as now , after a national court makes its final judgement .
Massive backlog
The position paper - known as the draft Brighton Declaration - says the European Convention should be rewritten so that it includes two key principles .
One of `` subsidiarity '' , namely that decisions should be taken at the lowest levels possible , and the `` margin of appreciation '' , namely that national governments should have greater leeway in applying the judgements of the court .
The government calls for a new procedure so the Strasbourg court can offer advisory opinions that would not be binding on national courts .
And it demands that more judges are appointed to deal with the court 's massive backlog of cases .
The document also sets out the government 's call for a new commission to rethink the whole future of the court and the convention .
The government is under substantial pressure to act to curb the powers of the Strasbourg court .
Many MPs - and many voters - oppose its recent decisions to prevent the deportation of the radical cleric Abu Qatada and allow prisoners the vote .
Setting example
But the government 's proposed reforms are controversial - and they 'll need the unanimous agreement of 46 other countries in Brighton if they are to come into force .
It is likely that some countries will seek to water down the impact of these reforms .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Liberty 's Shami Chakrabarti and Conservative MP Dominic Raab debate the move
Liberty chief executive Shami Chakrabarti told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme the government 's proposals suggested that Britain , and other countries with their own human rights acts , should no longer be `` effectively subject to the court of human rights '' .
She said Britain should be setting an example on human rights to younger democracies in Europe , like Russia .
But the Conservative MP Dominic Raab told the programme : `` We should do the right thing for British democracy and we should do the right thing in terms of upping the pressure on [ Russian PM ] Mr Putin ... there 's no point in kidding ourselves that Putin is going to care two hoots about whether we deport Abu Qatada , or prisoner voting . ''
The Strasbourg judges themselves openly oppose many of the UK government 's proposals , such as incorporating subsidiarity and the margin of appreciation , onto the face of the convention .
There is a broad consensus within the Council of Europe that the court needs to change , above all that its backlog is too large and it needs to focus more on cases dealing with fundamental rights .
But there is much caution towards the idea of curbing the powers of the Strasbourg judges .
There is also the question of the Liberal Democrats . Many are very reluctant to question the role of the Strasbourg court and some may find these proposals hard to stomach .
Azealia Banks penned another expletive-filled note Wednesday attacking Sarah Palin , “ crackers , ” and “ whitey ” just hours after the former Alaska governor vowed to sue the rapper for an earlier graphic outburst against her .
“ Despite their best efforts to conceal the contempt and envy that the cracker has for Blacks and other people of color …they just ca n't hide it and it 's seeping from the seams of their being , ” Banks wrote in a Tumblr post Wednesday ( emphasis hers ) .
On Monday , the 24-year-old rapper issued a series of since-deleted tweets that suggested Palin should be gang-raped and forced to perform oral sex on a group of black men , and that the incident should be filmed and uploaded to the website WorldStarHipHop .
“ Sarah Palin needs to have her hair shaved off to a buzz cut , get headf—ked by a big veiny , ashy , black d—k then be locked in a cupboard , ” Banks wrote in a tweet that was later deleted but screen-shotted by Media Research Center .
“ Honestly… Let 's find the biggest burliest blackest n—es and let them run a train on her . Film it and put it on worldstar , ” she wrote in another since-deleted message .
On Tuesday , Palin vowed to sue the rapper over the comments , telling People magazine that Banks “ engages in a form of racism and hate that is celebrated by some in the perverted arm of pop culture , but is condemned by those who know it 's tearing our country apart . ”
“ On your behalf , I think this time I do n't just sit back and swallow it , but put the fear of God in her by holding her accountable , ” Palin said . “ As many of you have for years implored me to do , I 'm finally going to sue . ”
But the threat of a lawsuit has seemingly not deterred Banks , who wrote Wednesday that white people are “ running out of mental mind-f * ck tricks . ”
Banks wrote ( emphasis hers ) :
“ i 'm 100 % positive that the police killings , cultural appropriation , Trump and Palin etc . represent the contempt that whitey shares for this intangible , uncontrollable new black mind that 's been steeping for a while now . The mind born of very intelligent and real conversations/confrontations around American Racism . And the detachment of the Black mind from the mirage of a subpar existence and self-perceptions that crackers created for us long ago . They feel exposed and out of control for once . And our big black ideas and expression are threatening to further expose them , so they 'll try to trivialize and minimize our blackness by stereotyping us . ”
“ Blackness is frustrating crackers nowadays because it 's threatening their sense of security and being , ” she added . “ We longer care about what they think , so it 's hard to control us . ”
“ F * ck whitey , ” the rapper concluded the post .
The note came after Banks continued to tweet about her spat with Palin late Tuesday into Wednesday morning , with the rapper suggesting that the former GOP vice presidential nominee was performing sexual favors for current GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump :
https : //twitter.com/AZEALIABANKS/status/717485214793072640
https : //twitter.com/AZEALIABANKS/status/717485648421208066
Banks and Palin exchanged open letters on Tuesday , with Palin calling for the rapper to join her to “ work together on something worthwhile — like condemning racism , along with empowering young women to defend themselves against a most misogynist , degrading , devastating assault perpetrated by evil men — rape . ”
Banks apologized to Palin in her own letter , opening by apologizing “ for any emotional distress or reputational scarring I may have caused you . ”
“ In my honest defense , i was completely kidding , ” the Harlem-born Slay-Z rapper wrote . “ I happen to have a really crass , New-York-City sense of humor , and regularly make silly jokes in attempts make light of situations which make me uncomfortable . As the fabric of the American Nation is EMBEDDED with racism , I merely made a raCIALly driven joke to counter what i believed to be real , raCIST rhetoric [ sic ] . ”
Palin has not yet responded to Banks ' latest note .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
There has been a firestorm in the media over the past 24 hours as Indiana 's House of Representatives passed a bill that exempts individuals and businesses from having to comply with the discrimination rulings based on their religious convocations . At the same time in Georgia , another RFRA ( Religious Freedom Restoration Act ) has been approved by the House judiciary subcommittee and is rapidly moving towards becoming law . Advocates are promoting both bills as necessary legislation to bolster religious freedom and protect business owners and private citizens from being forced to provide services to anyone that they disagree with on the basis of their faith .
These bills began popping up around the country right as the Supreme Court announced that it would begin hearings on marriage equality which will likely result in the legalization of same-sex marriage at a national level . The logic that has been used by many in support of these bills is this : that when marriage equality becomes law , churches , businesses , and individuals may find themselves being forced to perform weddings , bake wedding cakes , and ultimately endorse same-sex weddings that are opposed to their religious beliefs . Therefore , these RFRA 's are necessary protective pieces of legislation that will offer protections to all those who are opposed to same-sex marriage .
At the surface level , that might sound all well and good . But embedded in this logic are a number of untruths that , when exposed , unravel the entire argument . First , almost every state in the country already has comprehensive and sufficient religious freedom protections . In no state is it viable to suggest that a Christian pastor could face legal action if they refuse to perform a gay wedding . Our first amendment rights alone offer substantial coverage from such actions . However , it is true that in many states , if a business owner refuses to extend their business to a customer on the basis of religious beliefs , they could face legal action for discrimination , as they should .
Since the founding of our country , we have strived to be a nation that upholds the fundamental dignity of every individual . Yet , when a lesbian couple walks in to a bakery to order a cake for their wedding and is turned away because of their sexual orientation , this act of discrimination clearly undermines their equality and dignity as American citizens and human beings . If a business owner believes that Islam is a “ false religion ” , he could refuse to provide services to any Muslim patron who walks through the door of his business . This too dehumanizes individuals and reinstitutes principles of discrimination and segregation . It is clear that these bills open Pandora 's box , allowing for discrimination to flourish and setting back our country decades in our progression towards equality .
Despite the fearful picture that is being painted by many legislators and religious leaders about the future of our country once marriage equality is passed , this reality remains true : The religious beliefs and convictions of all Americans are fully protected by both national and state law in all 50 states . No individual will ever be forced to promote or renounce a religious belief and no churches will ever be made to offer sacraments to those they deem unfit . It is true , however , that public businesses and corporations that serve the general public will be required to offer fair and equal treatment and service to all people- regardless of their race , creed , political party , religious affiliation , sexual orientation , or gender identity . And it is this that new RFRA bills are subversively trying to dismantle .
Can you imagine walking up to a store window and seeing a sign that says , “ No LGBTQ People Allowed ” . Would you want to support that retailer ? What if it said , “ No Jews Allowed ” ? This is essentially what RFRA 's will allow businesses across their state to do , recreating the climate that existed in our country prior to the Civil Rights Movement . As the great civil rights leader John Lewis once said , “ The civil rights movement was based on faith . Many of us who were participants in this movement saw our involvement as an extension of our faith . We saw ourselves doing the work of the Almighty . Segregation and racial discrimination were not in keeping with our faith , so we had to do something . ”
So it is for me today . As a person of faith and one who identifies as LGBTQ , I can think of no greater digression for our society than to reinstitute laws that allow for segregation and discrimination . And this is precisely what these so-called “ Religious Freedom Restoration Acts ” aim to do . So be aware that even though legislators in Indiana and Georgia are claiming to be “ bolstering the protection of religious liberty ” , they 're really just trying to legalize discrimination against LGBTQ and any other individuals that they disagree with . And that 's not only un-American , it 's also unfaithful .
IF YOU ARE A RELIGIOUS LEADER , YOU CAN HELP OPPOSE THE RFRA IN GEORGIA . PLEASE CLICK HERE TO HELP SEND A MESSAGE TO GOV . NATHAN DEAL THAT FAITH LEADERS OPPOSE THE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM RESTORATION ACT .
Two summers ago , as the Flames were readying themselves to rob the Boston Bruins blind in the Dougie Hamilton deal , rumors were circulating that the New York Rangers were going to trade their stalwart backup goaltender , Cam Talbot .
The then-27-year-old was coming off a 21-win , .926 SV % in 36 starts after an exceptional rookie campaign that saw him post a mind numbing .941 SV % in 21 games as Henrik Lundqvist 's backup .
The Flames and Oilers were identified as being among the most interested parties for his services , leaving many confused as to why the Flames would ever want to disrupt their power duo of Jonas Hiller and Karri Ramo by bringing in a first-time starter . Yeah , about that…
The Oilers ended up winning the Talbot sweepstakes , sending second , third and seventh rounders to the Rangers for the puck stopper . After a shaky first month in Shelbyville , Talbot has established himself as a bonafide starter , appearing in 129 of 164 possible games for the Oilers since the trade , including 73 ( ! ! ) this past season , the most of any goalie .
The Rangers replaced Talbot by signing Antti Raanta away from the Chicago Blackhawks , and two years later , find themselves in a nearly identical position as 2015 . They 've got a 27-year-old goaltender looking to become a starter for the first time after two great seasons as Lundqvist 's backup , and with one more year remaining on his deal before unrestricted free agency , he will undoubtedly walk for a shot at being a starter somewhere . As an added wrinkle of fun , Raanta is also expansion draft eligible , and would be a great fit for Las Vegas .
The Flames have yet to find stability in net since Miikka Kiprusoff vacated the crease , and adding a Cam Talbot-type would be a coup for the young team . So the question is , is Raanta really the second coming of Talbot ?
Talbot v Raanta
On the surface , the similarities seem abundant . Talbot was 27 when dealt to Edmonton , and Raanta is 27 right now . Both served as backups to Lundqvist for two years , Talbot playing 57 games as a blueshirt ; Raanta , 55 .
These similarities are , however , superficial . To get a better feel of just how similar the two are , let 's compare 2014-15 Cam Talbot and 2016-17 Antti Raanta in depth .
Name GP GAA SV % ES SV % LD SV % MD SV % HD SV % Record Antti Raanta 30 2.27 92.20 93.31 98.66 91.81 82.72 16-8-2 Cam Talbot 36 2.21 92.58 93.04 98.34 91.14 85.34 21-9-4
* Numbers via Corsica.hockey
It seems comparing the two really is justified , because aside from HD SV % , they are n't separated by more than 1 % in any category . That HD SV % is to be noted as exceptional from Talbot , as it was the fourth best number among goalies with over 1200 minutes played . For reference , the best HD SV % among all goalies past season was 85.71 . However exceptional it was , it then cratered to 79 % in his first season in Edmonton and finished at 81 % this past season , so we should n't really read too much into that number .
Otherwise , there 's a lot to like about how Raanta compares to Talbot . Both sported quality even strength save percentages , a more accurate depiction of a goaltender 's performance than regular save percentage , seeing as the penalty kill can often skew results unfairly .
Raanta did play six fewer games than Talbot , and Talbot has a slight edge in most statistical categories , so that 's of note as well , but overall , Raanta has played 1351 more NHL minutes to this point in his career and has faced 713 more shots , with similar success as we see above . The extra experience should be viewed as a positive , but is n't a scale tipper , necessarily . Both Talbot and Raanta posted back-to-back shutouts over the course of their pre-trade seasons ( assuming Raanta is dealt ) .
Another interesting note is rebound control . Talbot gave up 74 rebound opportunities ( shots against resulting directly from a rebound allowed , or RBA ) , which amounts to about two per game , while Raanta was a much more airtight 1.4 rebound opportunities surrendered per game . The discrepancy does n't seem much , but averaged out over 55 games ( average starter workload ) , Talbot surrenders 33 more rebound chances than Raanta . Obviously rebound shots are much more dangerous than regular shots , and rebound control is one of the pillars of a quality goaltender .
It 's interesting to note that Talbot 's RBA rate dipped slightly to 1.92 last year and jumped to 2.5 this past season . Seems rebound control is something a goalie either has , or does n't have . Raanta has RBA rates of 1.4 , 1.07 and 1.6 prior to his 1.4 rate this year . It 's safe to assume this will continue , and is another good sign when projecting his success as a starter .
Not just Raanta
Talbot is n't the only example of promising backup goaltenders getting opportunities as starters and finding great success in recent memory . Martin Jones backed up Jonathan Quick in L.A. for two seasons prior to finding his way to San Jose via Boston and leading them to the Stanley Cup Final , following that up with an equally strong sophomore year despite a first round exit .
In the second part of the Becoming Contenders series , I also identified Philipp Grubauer as a potential target for the Flames if they wanted to try for a backup-to-starter conversion . Grubauer is 25 years old , which is the same age as Jones was when he got his shot in San Jose . Here 's an updated look at the comparison table , with Jones and Grubauer added .
Name GP GAA SV % ES SV % LD SV % MD SV % HD SV % RBA/G Record Cam Talbot ( 14-15 ) 36 2.21 92.58 93.04 98.34 91.14 85.34 2 21-9-4 Martin Jones ( 14-15 ) 15 2.25 90.55 91.57 97.46 91.82 78.48 1.26 4-5-2 Antti Raanta 30 2.27 92.20 93.31 98.66 91.81 82.72 1.4 16-8-2 Philipp Grubauer 23 2.05 92.60 93.98 99.50 93.19 82.55 2 13-6-2
* Numbers via Corsica.hockey
The real outlier here is Martin Jones , who has the smallest sample size of the lot , and frankly the worst results . His rebound control was stellar , but everything else was below standard . Despite this , he went on to lead the Sharks to Game 6 of the Stanley Cup Final . His RBA actually shot to above two in 2015-16 , and was almost at two last year as well , so the small sample size appears to mislead our analysis of him . In fact , the paltry 15 games played make all of his numbers unreliable .
The other addition , Grubauer , fairs very favorably . His low danger save percentage was second best in the NHL this season , and his MD SV % is also head and shoulders above everyone else on the chart . Like Talbot , he surrenders a decent amount of rebound opportunities , but also like Talbot , displays excellent athletic ability to reposition himself to stop those chances .
One would prefer better rebound control , like Raanta displays and Kiprusoff was famous for , but as Talbot has shown , it is n't the be-all-end-all .
Conclusion
The opportunity for the Flames to replicate what the Oilers did two summers ago with Talbot appears to be on the table . The important thing to note is that opportunity is to “ acquire a promising young , potential starting goaltender , ” not a “ surefire , young starting goaltender ” . Much like the Talbot situation , there 's no guarantee Raanta , Grubauer or another one of the young goaltenders potentially available ( Juuse Saros in Nashville and Joonas Korpisalo in Columbus , to name two ) will turn the corner from backup to starter like Talbot and Jones did .
But given the Flames ' situation – a budding contender with no goaltender – and the two possible heirs to the crease in Gillies and Parsons still a little ways away , it makes sense for them to take a shot at a first-time starter . Veteran starters in Hiller and Elliott both flamed out , so how much more of a risk is taking on Raanta or Grubauer ?
Also mentioned in Part 2 of the Becoming Contenders series was the deep pool of average goaltenders with starting experience on the UFA market this year , allowing the Flames to insulate their young netminder with experience in case he hits the wall midseason .
So , while Flames fans may enviously watch Talbot carry the Oilers to playoff success , they may have their own version in just a few months ' time .
State Senator Chris McDaniel 's Facebook post on Women 's March getting a lot of attention online Copyright by WJTV - All rights reserved Video
( WJTV ) -- A Mississippi state senator 's Facebook post about last weekend 's Women 's March on Washington is getting a lot of attention online .
State Senator Chris McDaniel called the women who participated in the march in D.C. a group of unhappy women .
He then ended the post by posing a question . He asked , `` if they can afford all those piercings , tattoos , body paintings , signs , and plane tickets , then why do they want us to pay for their birth control ? ''
The post had more than 16,000 shares Tuesday morning along with hundreds of comments .
The Facebook post sparked a heated debate .
Since the post has gone viral , McDaniel has made other comments on his Facebook page about the Women 's March .
He also defended his comments and called out those who had something negative to say about his remarks . He posted `` Yell , curse , scream , threaten , and ridicule all you wish . I do n't care . It 's cute . But I 'm not going anywhere . The more you push , the more I will resist . Even if I have to stand alone . ''
McDaniel is a Republican who represents Jones and Forrest counties in Mississippi 's District 42 .
There were marches across the U.S. on Saturday , including in Jackson . WJTV reached out to the organizers of the march here .
They sent the following response .
Share Pinterest
Email
Bernie Ecclestone has revealed that his wife , Fabiana , 37 , wants a baby .
`` I would hope that it would be possible , '' the Formula One chief executive , who is almost half a century older than the Brazilian woman he married in 2012 , told Germany 's Bild newspaper .
`` Fabiana would like so much to have a baby . But I 'm 83 , so it would n't be fair on the child , '' said Ecclestone . `` Imagine , the child is 6 , goes to school , and then its 90-year-old father comes to pick it up . You ca n't do that to a child . ”
Ecclestone has three grown children -- Deborah , Tamara and Petra -- from previous marriages . Fabiana is Ecclestone 's third wife .
Ecclestone also claimed that , although he is worth billions and bankrolling the extravagant lifestyles of his daughters Tamara and Petra , making money is not his main motivation .
`` Money does n't talk to me . It does n't make me laugh , '' he said .
`` I 'm just lucky that I have enough that I do n't have to worry about making it , '' Ecclestone said . `` But I 'm not trying to accumulate more and more . If I make a good deal , I am satisfied , '' he added .
This week is HUGE for Korean pop fans . The wildly popular boy band BTS ( Bangtan Boys ) received a nomination for the 2017 Billboard Music Awards–the first K-pop group EVER to do so !
BTS just finished up a five-date arena tour in the U.S. to sold-out crowds . Not too shabby for a band that formed just 4 years ago . Last year , BTS also became the first K-pop group to crack the top 40 of the Billboard 200 album chart with their second full-length album , Wings .
We know these boys love to dance , but before we get to the dance party , we should probably introduce the group to those who are n't in on the international craze . In total , there are seven members :
Jin
V
Jimin
Jungkook
Rap Monster
Suga
J-Hope
And together , they are the street-style dancing sensation , BTS .
After the 2017 BBMAs nominations were announced , the BTS army lost their minds with excitement .
The kings just retweeted😍😘💜😏😎💃 * cries in korean😭 * pic.twitter.com/8W3N26w2Uk — Pragati Singh ( @ pspopstar ) April 10 , 2017
MIND YOU BTS ONLY DEBUTED 4 YEARS AGO AND NOW THEIR THE 1ST KPOP GROUP TO BE NOMINATED FOR @ BBMAs HOW BOUT THEM APPLES — Bangtan babe♡ 화양연화 ( @ bangtanbabe7 ) April 10 , 2017
Que orgulho desses meus filhos !
WE LOVE BTS # BBMAs pic.twitter.com/39fe8CIL4d — BrazilHope ( @ protecthoseok ) April 10 , 2017
@ BTS_twt is gon na win the # BBMAs I can feel it in my heart and soul — Sumi AppleBerry ( @ SumiAppleberry ) April 10 , 2017
BTS SÓ ME DÁ ORGULHO BTS SÓ ME DÁ ORGULHO BTS SÓ ME DÁ ORGULHO BTS SÓ ME DÁ ORGULHO BTS SÓ ME DÁ ORGULHO BTS SÓ ME DÁ ORGULHO BTS — criztiny ( @ taesquizito ) April 10 , 2017
This page discusses the resurrection of the dead , or rapture , in conjunction with satan 's plan to prevent this from occuring . Satan and his rebel angels will not just sit by and watch God redeem the faithful , elevating mortal man to the position previously held by satan himself and his angels . Satan 's plan involves deceiving humans into accepting aliens and ufos , and a global religion based on the occult which will pave the way for antichrist . The main focus of this deception will be to convince humans that the Bible was wrong -- that life evolved on other planets and that these `` alien space brothers '' perhaps were the ones who created humans ... and the Bible was just a primitive misinterpretation of alien and ufo encounters .
edit on 26-5-2012 by randyvs because : ( no reason given )
edit on 26-5-2012 by randyvs because : ( no reason given )
They are Ancient according to all sources . But are they really so alien ? Or have they been with us right here all along ? The show will often describe them as Gods . And in it 's obvious bias hardly ever touch on another theory that is just as valid as any . It even makes more sense then any of the others if we simply consider the scriptures that have told ua about what these beings are , for hundreds if not thousands of years . That they are indeed fooling mankind and leading him straight to friggen hell.We are fed the lies everyday thru the media . And what I believe very simply , they are what we have been warned about , the whole way thru from the beginning . Just the fact that this is a high probability that deserves to mention just as much as any of the other theories . Yet is hardly even mentioned at all , even when the show is running out of topics ? Is like a giant neon sign saying to me , Randy ! you could n't be more correctin your deductions.So If you choose to believe lies over what God gives ample warning against and if for warned is for armed . Why trust ? I see so many people making a huge mistake that will someday come crushing down upon them.Please look at what is really going on with an open mind people ? Before you are crushed under the wieght of your own damned ignorance.From Satans CounterfietsI copied and pasted this without quoting it , to make it easier to read . Here be the source . This is quite long and I do n't blame anyone if they do not watch it . But I 'm posting it because I think everyone should have this seeded in the back of their minds at least . As it is in the front of mine . Watch if you choose.Here 's a shorter vid that presents what I 'm getting perfectly . Just ignore the part about the footage that was allegedly destroyed .
The Tula Cartridge Works , founded in 1880 , is one of the most significant world producers of small-arms ammunition . Unique and exceptional production traditions lasting for more than 125 years , ability to apply the up-to-date scientific and research knowledge , close connection of development and production and active commercial policy - all these are attributes of a stable , perspective and dynamic company .
This .223 ammunition from Tula , with its non-corrosive and smooth-cycling steel cases , comes as a 100-round box . These steel cases are coated in phosphate polymer and bottle-shaped with non-projecting flange .
This ammo from Tula offers an exceptional value for high volume shooters . The cartridge .223 REM is used for sport shooting and hunting through bolt-action and semi-automatic rifles and carbines . The cartridge keeps its qualities under various climatic and weather conditions independent of the season and at a temperature from – 20 to + 50 C. Full Metal Jacket , Boxer primer , Spheroid powder , they are noncorrosive , with smooth-cycling . The phosphate polymer coating cartridge case is bottled-shaped with non-projecting flange and made of steel .
Fly over the small rural town of Abbotsford , British Columbia , where an angry crowd gathers before an unkept home . Signs hoisted high say “ Protect Our Children ! ” and “ No Support for Pedophiles ” .
Dr. James Cantor Dr. James Cantor
Kim Iverson leads an eerie demonstration . She 's a mother of two who can not let her children play in the front yard without the lingering sensation that they are being watched . Today she confronts her nightmare , and uses a loud speaker to torment the convicted sex offender confined under house arrest . Inside his home , he wears an ankle bracelet that tracks his every move . To Kim , that is not enough . She 'll do whatever it takes to see three time offender James Conway relocated .
In the suburbs of Minnesota , we meet Bob Radke , an ex-U.S. marine from Minnesota who was jailed for possessing pictures of children pornography . And Edward Chambers , who had to change his identity after he decided to confide his secret to wrong person . Both men are pedophiles , but claim to have never touched a child . Still they live lives torn apart by public stigma , and for a good reason , have kept their heads low — until now .
Review from the Toronto Star : I , Pedophile dares to empathize
Demystifying the cause of pedophilia is charismatic expert Dr. James Cantor . Years of research and MRI scans have led Dr. Cantor to his groundbreaking yet controversial hypothesis that pedophilia is caused by a developmental disorder , resulting in a literal cross-wiring in the brain .
We follow Dr. Cantor to Germany , where Prevention Project Dunkelfeld ( Dark Field ) is the only facility in the world offering truly anonymous treatment for people attracted to children . Its founder , Dr. Klaus Michael Beier , reflects on the overwhelming turnout to the program , their expansion to multiple locations throughout Germany , and that , by Dunkelfeld 's estimates , one out of a hundred men are born pedophiles . Attending Dunkelfeld therapy sessions , a former school teacher named Anton walks out a changed man after learning to empathize with his victim , an 11-year-old girl .
Enter the underground world of pedophiles , and the maverick doctors who fight on their behalf . Many of the characters appear as themselves , but due to the inherent danger of coming out as a pedophile , the film uses cinematic re-creations to illustrate the stories of key activists whose choose to stay hidden in the shadows .
Brandon High marching band ( Screenshot/Mississippi NewsNow )
A Mississippi high school 's decision to comply with a court order by banning its marching band from playing the religious hymn “ How Great Thou Art ” has sent conservative Christians into a tailspin of histrionics .
Brandon High School would n't let the marching band perform the song after a federal court said the school could n't include prayer , religious activities or sermons at school-related events , local WKMG reports . The order stems from a lawsuit filed by a student , Magdalene Bedi , over the high number of Christian-themed assemblies and prayers being held at the public school campus , according to ABC13 .
High schoolers attended class Monday with the Salvation Army band playing the tune outside the school in protest , MS NewsNow reports .
“ If ‘ How Great Thou Art ' is banned , does that mean ‘ God bless America ' is off limits as well ? And probably Lee Greenwood 's … ‘ God Bless the USA ' too ? ” Franklin Graham , CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelical Association wrote , according to conservative site WND . “ I guess any other name except our Lord 's would be acceptable in a song for the band ! ”
While the band was n't allowed to play the song , someone in the audience decided to go solo at the Friday night football game , prompting Todd Starnes , writing for Fox News , to breathlessly report that “ a lone voice began to sing the forbidden song , ” The singer was joined by others in the crowd .
“ We were just sitting there and then one by one people started to stand , ” Brittany Mann told Fox News . “ At first , it started out as a hum but the sound got louder and louder . ”
Mann lamented to Fox that the country is getting further away from Christianity .
“ It breaks my heart to see where our country is going — getting farther and farther away from the Christian beliefs that our country was founded on , ” she said .
After being fined for promoting Christianity on campus , the district said it has no choice but to stop further displays of religion .
Bedi said she sued because she and her classmates were forced to attend Christian sermons on campus . School district officials told reporters they could be fined up to $ 10,000 for each violation of the court order , NewsNow reports .
Watch the report from Mississippi NewsNow here :
MSNewsNow.com – Jackson , MS
CHICAGO — The Chicago Bulls officially ruled out the ailing Luol Deng and injured Kirk Hinrich along with Derrick Rose for Game 4 of the Eastern Conference semifinals on Monday .
Coach Tom Thibodeau said at the morning shootaround that Hinrich is `` doing a little more '' as he tries to come back from a bruised left calf . But the veteran guard will miss his seventh straight game .
Deng will sit out his sixth in a row as he recovers from a spinal tap after an illness that left him hospitalized and caused him to lose 15 pounds . He had tried to work out Saturday and wound up vomiting . He attempted to practice on Sunday and became ill during warmups , forcing him to stop .
Rose , of course , has been sidelined all season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee during the playoffs last year .
The Heat lead the series 2-1 .
AKRON , Ohio -- An Akron father pleaded guilty to stabbing his son to death .
Kevin Golec , 53 , shook his head as he pleaded guilty to murder Monday morning shortly before jury selection was set to begin in his trial .
Summit County Common Pleas Judge Tammy O'Brien is scheduled to sentence Golec at 2:30 p.m . He will be sentenced to life in prison with parole eligibility in 15 years .
Friends and family members who would have testified during the trial are now expected to give victim impact statements at the Monday afternoon hearing .
Defense attorney Donald Malarcik said during the plea hearing that he and co-counsel Noah Munyer discussed a plea deal with prosecutors for several months , but came to an agreement before the trial began .
Golec stabbed his son Brian Golec , 22 , in the neck on Feb. 13 at Brian Golec 's home in the 1100 block of Inman Street .
The son told a friend about an hour before his death that he planned to confront his father about stealing money and using drugs in his house .
Brian Golec came home from practicing with his local alt-rock band , Murphy 's Children . His father called 911 about an hour later and said that his son was a member of a cult , and several cult members had attacked his son .
Investigators later determined that Kevin Golec attacked and stabbed his son inside the home . Brian Golec ran from the house to get help . His father grabbed him and dragged him down the driveway to a side door of the home , according to court records .
Brian Golec 's mother , Christine Hamblin , told Northeast Ohio Media Group that her son and his father had little or no contact and that they started to rebuild their relationship two years ago .
The father had felony convictions in 2007 and 2012 for failing to pay child support . He failed to pay more than $ 30,000 in child support for his son , according to Portage County court records .
The younger Golec learned that his father was living out of his truck a few months before the stabbing . He invited him to live at his house , Hamblin said . She said it appeared the two were growing closer .
Brian Golec , who went to Coventry High School and got his diploma online , once identified as a woman and went by the name Bri , according to close friends . They said in the year leading up to his death , he went by Brian .
Investigators said Brian Golec 's gender identity was not a factor in his death .
A prominent Qatari scholar has written a letter criticising the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia for his religious edict justifying the boycott of the small Gulf country .
The following letter was issued by Qatari Islamic judge , Shaykh Anwar El-Badawi , to Shaykh Abdul-Aziz ibn Abdullah Al ash-Sheikh of Saudi Arabia :
“ You have issued a fatwa that what Saudi Arabia did regarding the siege and boycott of the State of Qatar is good for its people , and you recommended at the end of the fatwa on adherence to the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger- peace be upon him .
Where do we find in the book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger ( peace be upon him ) that the Muslim should boycott his Muslim brother and besiege him from land , air and sea and that would be in his interest ?
Here is the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger which you have recommended being followed . And would you help us with a verse from it as evidence on what you said ? And here are the books of hadith … would you come up with a hadith – even the weak or fabricated one- referring to your fatwa stance ?
As for that , your Eminence have not based on any verse of the Book of Allah or the Hadith of the Messenger of Allah- peace be upon him . From where then did you come up with this fatwa ? Or that you wish a crisis in such a dangerous matter like this ?
Did revelation come to your Eminence from the heavens ? Or did you see a vision in a dream . then passed the fatwa ? Or it is obedience to the leadership without discussion or dialogue ? O Grand Mufti . Is the act of boycott against the people of Qatar not an act of breaking family ties , which Allah and His Messenger has ordered to be joined and forbade breaking it ?
Because the Prophet ( peace and blessings of Allah be upon him ) narrated from his Lord in the hadith of al-Qudsi . Allah : “ Rahim ( family ties ) is a word derived from Allah 's special quality , Ar Rahman ( The Compassionate One ) . ”
And Allah says : “ I shall keep connection with him who maintains you and sever connection with him who severs you . ' ” ( Bukhari ) . Has Allah not strongly warned against breaking of family ties ? Allah says : “ So would you perhaps , if you turned away , cause corruption on earth and sever your [ ties of ] relationship ? ” ( 47:22 ) .
Your Eminence , do you know , that the boycott against the people of Qatar have caused separation between husband and wife , father and son , mother and children ? By Allah , what is good about this ?
Your Eminence , do you know , that the people of Qatar have been banned from the Grand Mosque because of the boycott ? What good is in this ?
Your Eminence , do you know , that a young Saudi was prevented from the funeral of his father and making salat on him because of your fatwa ?
Your Eminence , do you know , that Saudi , Emirati and Bahraini mothers were forced to leave their husbands and Qatari children because of your fatwa ?
Your Eminence , do you know , that the worry , the grief , the sadness , and the distress have engulfed more than eleven thousand husbands and wives in addition to their children , their relatives and friends because of your fatwa ?
Your Eminence , do you know , that the cries of children , the cries of infants , and the crying of relatives when separated from the fruits of their hearts , all to your credit ? What good is in that ?
Your Eminence , do you know , that these people would become hateful to the Sharia and its people , hostile to the society and its system , and the government ? You are planting hatred of their country and leaders in their heart , and then you ask where did the terrorism come from ?
We wish that you be a reason for reunification , and for removal of dispute , and reconciliation between blood brothers .
We would like you to be honest counsel to the authority , as ordered by Allah and His Messenger peace be upon him .
We wished that you prevent the rulers from injustice when they go wrong , according to the Prophet ( peace and blessings of Allah be upon him ) who said : “ Support your brother when he is unjust or wronged . ”
They said : “ We know how to help him when he is wronged , how could we help him when he is the unjust ? He said : “ To turn him away from his injustice ” .
We think you should prevent the authority ( rulers ) who ignited the fire of the boycott on their brothers in Qatar unjustly and out of hatred from their injustice and aggression . But for you to collude with them and justify their injustice , and philosophise their aggression , this is contrary to what Allah and His Messenger has commanded .
Did n't you read the words of Allah : “ The believers are but brothers , so make settlement between your brothers . And fear Allah that you may receive mercy ? ”
Did you not read in the Book of Allah : “ And cooperate in righteousness and piety , but do not cooperate in sin and aggression ? ” Where do you place the boycott of a Muslims nation , and a close neighbor , in the month of mercy ? In righteousness and piety ? ! Or in sin and transgression ?
The Prophet ( peace and blessings of Allah be upon him ) said : “ A Muslim is the brother of a Muslim : he does not oppress him , nor does he fail him , nor does he lie to him , nor does he hold him in contempt ?
Has Sharia not made it forbidden that a brother breaks tie with his brother beyond three days , this turning away , and that turning away , and the best of both is he who begins with the greeting of peace ? Is it not one of the characteristics of the Muslims to be ( merciful among themselves ) , or is boycotted a type of mercy ? Is it not of the characteristics of Muslims- “ …but give [ them ] preference over themselves , even though they are in privation. ” ?
Why have you shied away from these clear and bright evidences as you produce your fatwa ?
We ask you , O Grand Mufti and all the Muslim Ummah , to turn away from your fatwas that are contrary to the Qur'an , the Sunnah and the consensus , and to work on bringing together and removing the causes of schism between brothers , in compliance with the word of Allah : “ And cooperate in righteousness and piety , but do not cooperate in sin and aggression . ”
I ask Allah to guide us to do good and good work , and to help you for the good of the nation . ”
5Pillars sources in Qatar have verified the authentication of this letter which has also been covered in the Huffington Post Arabic , Morocco World News and Egypt Today .
As you 're here… 5Pillars have one humble request from you… Thousands of Muslims around the world visit our website for news every day . Due to the unfortunate reality of covering Muslim-related news in a heightened Islamophobic environment , our advertising and fundraising revenues have decreased significantly . 5Pillars is editorially and financially independent , with no sectarian or political allegiance to any particular group or movement . Our journalism has been exclusively grassroots focussed and our sole purpose is to defend Islam and Muslims in the media . This makes us unique in comparison to other online Muslim media outlets who are neither independently regulated by a reputable body nor are they managed by qualified journalists . Our journalism takes time , money and effort to deliver . But we do it because we believe we have a duty to Allah ( swt ) . You may not agree or like everything we publish . However , which other Muslim news site that is run by experienced journalists will take on the responsibility of being a shield for Islam and Muslims in the media ? If you follow 5Pillars , and you understand its importance in today 's climate , then please support us for as little as £5 a month , it only takes a minute to make a donation . Jazakallah khayran . Our beloved Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him ) said : “ The best deeds are those done regularly , even if they are small. ” [ Ibn Mājah ] CLICK HERE TO SUPPORT 5PILLARS
Shares 0
Add your comments below
This week Houston businessman George Mitchell gave $ 25 million to the Giant Magellan Telescope , an ambitious project to build a $ 700 million instrument that would be the world 's largest telescope .
Mitchell 's gift provides a huge boon the ambition 's of A & M 's astronomy program , which did n't exist a decade ago . In addition it also provides a boost to the GMT , whose developers are competing with the California-based scientists who want to build the Thirty Meter Telescope .
Both A & M and the University of Texas have a vested interest in the GMT , which would be built in Chile . It 's slightly smaller than the Thirty Meter Telescope , but both instruments are big enough that the first group to build and start using their telescope is bound to make some major discoveries .
So it 's a fund-raising race to see who can get there first .
In the wake of Mitchell 's large gift , I caught up with A & M astronomer Nick Suntzeff , who is best known for playing an important role in the discovery of dark energy .
How does this gift position A & M and Texas in terms of telescope time ?
George 's gift is fantastic for A & M . It puts us about 1/3 of the way to our 10 % share , which has always been my minimum goal . Last night there was a small dinner organized by UT and A & M development offices and George with possible donors . I have no idea what happened at this point . We are the second largest US partner right now in terms of $ $ raised .
Does the gift put the Giant Magellan Telescope project ahead of the Thirty Meter Telescope ?
We are ahead in overall funding compared to the TMT project . They raised more early capital due to the gift from the Moore foundation ( it turns out the CEO of the foundation is a high school classmate . I did not know this until last month ! ) but we now have enough capital for the design and development phase . The next fund-raising goal is to get enough money to take us through the construction phase . I stand by the statement that our design is less expensive and less risky , and therefore we have the best chance of getting on the sky first if we raise all the money soon for the construction phase . The mirror lab has shown , by independent metrologies , that they can accurately measure the off axis mirror shape . This was the biggest hurdle in my opinion .
What sorts of new science might these large instruments discover ?
It is always fun to speculate , and one is almost always wrong . The report Quarks and the Cosmos is a good start on the new physics stuff . Here are some speculations :
1 . Putting much stronger limits on the time variation of fundamental constants , especially the fine structure constant and the gravitational constant . The big prize is putting limits on the constancy of the speed of light , and verifying that the gravitational force travels at the speed of light . Rather surprisingly the latter is poorly constrained .
2 . Precision radial velocities at the 1 cm/s level which will allow us to measure the expansion of the Universe * directly * . that is , measure the redshift of a galaxy , wait 10 years and measure it again and see how it has changed . Everyone expects that it will be the simple result of extrapolating the present acceleration , but until you measure it…
3 . Lambda CDM is not working exactly right , and we are screwing something up . It could be just the astrophysics , but it could be something else in fundamental physics , such as low acceleration non-Newtonian gravity ( called by some MOND ) .
4 . We are missing the smallest mass structures at the 10^6 solar mass level if the N-body simulations are correct . Where are they ? They certainly do not seem to be visible in baryons . Maybe they are not there , which would mean that Lambda CDM has something else wrong with it . But maybe they are there . Perhaps Fermi will see gamma ray radiation from places where there are no galaxies , and with really deep images we may detect something . But how to detect a 10^6 dark matter thing baffles me right now . The only way I can see other than dark matter decay or annihilation is by the disruption of the tidal streams of stars around nearby galaxies . If physicists find the dark matter particle in the next decade , there are all sorts of observations that we can do to study the physical nature of the particle using the GMT .
5 . The time variation of dark energy ( and dark matter ? ) Some theoreticians like models where the quality of dark energy changes over time . Quintessence is such a model .
6 . The scale length of dark energy . Right now we assume dark energy is homogeneous , but do we really know this ? Is there an outer scale to dark energy that is less than the radius of curvature of the Universe ?
One Shaanxi man was shocked to learn recently that his trusty “ nutcracker ” was actually a hand grenade .
The man surnamed Ran from Ankang city told local reporters that he had been using the device regularly for the past 25 years to crack open walnuts . However , earlier this month , he decided to stop using it after reading a safety leaflet about explosives that clued him into the true nature of his tool .
He has since handed the grenade over to police who are examining the device to find out whether it is still capable of exploding . It does not have a pin and was likely manufactured back in the 1960s .
Ran said that he received the “ nutcracker ” as a “ gift ” back in 1991 , though he did n't say what kind “ friend ” had given him the device .
It 's also not clear what Ran will use to crack open walnuts now .
[ Images via CCTV ]
Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
The uproar over the manipulation of wait times at the Phoenix VA hospital and other VA sites has tended to overshadow the larger issue of whether U.S. veterans have sufficient , unimpeded access to care . The short answer is they do n't , due to the inherent limitations of the VA program and the fragmented nature of our current health system . Among other problems , many veterans do n't even qualify for VA care and are completely uninsured .
There are 22 million veterans in the U.S. today . They are mostly poor , and the Vietnam-era veterans are getting to an age where they need more health care .
Over the years there have been long waits for different kinds of care at the VA , even as the overall population of veterans is declining . As we now know , some VA administrators have gamed the scheduling system to make their wait times appear shorter , the result of a “ pay for performance ” scheme that financially rewarded managers if they kept waits to under two weeks – even if that goal was unattainable at their facilities due to doctor shortages , a rapid influx of veterans due to retirement nearby or eligibility changes , or other factors .
But the longest and most onerous waits are associated with the time it takes to determine if veterans are eligible to receive care at the VA , and at what level . This determination is done precisely because the VA is not a single-payer system . It does n't cover everyone ; it 's not accessible to every veteran ; it is just one payer among many in our fragmented system . Currently about 2.3 million veterans and their family members are completely uninsured .
In contrast , a single-payer national health program would cover everyone and allow them to choose any provider and source of care in the U.S .
The VA has pioneered quality initiatives , delivery system changes and an electronic medical record that is far ahead of the private sector . Veterans ' service organizations praise the VA , even as they complain about waits , precisely because of its high quality .
But any health care program that benefits low-income individuals and families ( including the VA , because today the poor are more likely to join the military ) is politically vulnerable to budget cuts or calls for privatization , and is likely to suffer from more problems than a health system that benefits everyone — rich and poor , young and old , soldiers and civilians , i.e . the entire population . Otherwise there will be pressure to underfund it .
Single-payer national health insurance , an improved Medicare for All , will offer a single tier of high-quality care to everyone . It would address wait times in an organized way , be transparent and accountable , and allocate medical resources based on need , not ability to pay .
For more resources on the ongoing issues at the VA :
I adore my cat . She 's beautiful , affectionate , curious , and has all kinds of cute quirks . She 's perfect .
Living alone , I tend to talk to her quite a bit , and since I work from home we are almost always together . Of course I love my cat , she 's the only thing I have resembling family . But over time things have become more and more abnormal . I found myself thinking of her beauty and grace and nobility , and I realized that I loved her as more than family .
I love to watch her bathe . One time I was laying in bed masturbating , and she came into the room and bathed herself on the end of the bed . That was the first time I masturbated to my cat . Currently we both consensually participate in a form of sex . Obviously I ca n't actually fuck a cat , so the way we do it is I lay on the bed and shake a tin rattle , and she comes in , hops up on the bed and lays on the pillow curled right up next to my face , and basically she purrs/cleans herself while I bury my face in her fur and sometimes lick her nipples while I masturbate .
It is a very intimate sort of thing , and its obvious we both enjoy it otherwise she would n't respond to the rattle . Sometimes she does n't , but not often . We usually do this a couple times a week to a couple times a day .
We also eat together , as in she sits on the dining table and eats her food while I eat mine . I sometimes even make food fresh for the both of us ( cat food recipes are easy to find ) . We 're pretty much always together , she will even ride in a large purse when we go out .
I truly do love her , and I consider myself to be in a sort of almost-relationship that 's better than many traditional ones , and more satisfying than any I 've had before .
My cat is 5 years old , and her name is Wednesday .
SHARE
Tony Gwynn Classic Announced
For years , the Houston College Classic has been the marquee early-season tournament on the college baseball calendar . There have been other strong tournament fields in places like San Diego , Florida and South Carolina , but nothing that can match the HCC for the annual quality of the field , the format and the venue .
But another marquee early-season tournament is on the horizon . On Monday , the eight-team field for the inaugural Tony Gwynn Classic was announced ; it includes Bryant , UC Santa Barbara , Kentucky , Nebraska , Nevada , San Diego , San Diego State and Tulane . The tournament will debut Feb. 26-28 and will be co-hosted by San Diego State and San Diego , with two games per day scheduled at SDSU 's Tony Gwynn Stadium and USD 's Fowler Park . The tournament will honor the legacy of Gwynn , the late San Diego State coach and major league Hall of Famer . His widow , Alicia Gwynn , will throw out the ceremonial first pitch in 2016 .
The format of the tournament is one of the things that makes it really exciting — instead of a round robin with no true “ winner ” , the Tony Gwynn Classic will feature 12 games in a true championship format , culminating in a title game at Tony Gwynn Stadium .
“ Our goal is to make the Tony Gwynn Classic the country 's pre-eminent in-season tournament , as well as baseball 's yearly coming-out party in San Diego , ” said tournament founder and chairman Jack Murray ( the long-time USD radio broadcaster ) , who is managing the event for the Tony and Alicia Gwynn Foundation .
The 2017 field is similarly strong , featuring Notre Dame , Oklahoma , Oregon , Seton Hall , WIchita State and UC Irvine in addition to SDSU and USD . Plans are in the works for future tournament fields to include name-brand powers like Arizona , Arkansas , Michigan , Cal State Fullerton and Southern California .
Expect this tournament to quickly make San Diego a marquee early-season destination for scouts and college baseball fans and media .
The tournament will be formally announced at an 11 a.m. press conference Tuesday ( the one-year anniversary of Gwynn 's death ) under the Tony Gwynn statue outside Petco Park .
The floor-length , vaguely Grecian-looking white gown that H & M debuted today is n't the discount retailer 's first foray into the wedding business — but it 's certainly H & M 's first wedding dress at a decidedly H & M price point .
The dress will be sold online and in select stores starting later this month . It costs $ 99 .
H & M 's new wedding gown will sell for $ 99 . ( Courtesy H & M )
Ninety-nine dollars ! Never mind that you can rarely find even a bridesmaid dress for less than $ 150 . ( As a bridesmaid-to-be , desperately trawling the Nordstrom 's clearance rack , I 'm an authority on that subject ) . H & M is doing more than marketing to budget-conscious brides — they 're essentially turning the psychology of weddings on its head .
Here 's the thing : Weddings are really , egregiously , horrifically expensive — but that cost does n't necessarily derive from the expense or extravagance of the materials . In 2011 , Planet Money 's Caitlin Kenney set out on a quest to find out why her wedding dress retailed for a whopping $ 3,500 . The fabric , per a wholesaler , cost about $ 500 . The labor accounted for an additional $ 700 . And yet the store had marked it up nearly 200 percent .
The reason stores get away with this , Kenney found , springs from two economic concepts : asymetric information ( the buyer knows virtually nothing about wedding dresses ) and signaling ( the “ message ” that an expensive dress sends , both about the bride 's social status and her seriousness about the marriage ) .
And when you think about it , signaling dictates a lot of the expense of a wedding — which , by some statistics , are averaging $ 28,000 a pop . Why else would anyone , of any means , spend that much money on a single day — unless it was vested with some extraordinary importance far exceeding its actual value ?
“ I think that on average there is a lot of status and signaling going on wedding day , ” the economist Veronica Guerrieri told Planet Money . And it 's not merely couples signaling to their guests — it 's also the wedding industry signaling to couples .
That 's what will make this H & M dress so interesting , particularly if it 's received well . It promotes — on a massive , mainstream scale — values that run opposite absolutely everything the wedding industry stands for . H & M is essentially telling brides that what they wear on their wedding day has no bearing on how much they love their spouse-to-be . By extension , H & M is kind of undermining a core cultural and psychological tenet of consumerism : that our worth is determined , in large part , by the things we buy .
H & M , the $ 59-billion Swedish multinational , may not have thought through these issues when it introduced the dress . The brand 's first wedding offering , a $ 349 collaboration with Viktor and Rolff , certainly did n't have the same populist overtones .
But hey , the point stands ! And the dress is kind of cute , to boot .
Stalingrad is a Paris Métro station on the border between the 10th arrondissement and the 19th arrondissement at the intersection of lines 2 , 5 , and 7 , located at the Place de la Bataille-de-Stalingrad , which is named for the Battle of Stalingrad .
History [ edit ]
The Line 2 station opened as Rue d'Aubervilliers , named after a nearby street , on 31 January 1903 as part of the extension of line 2 from Anvers to Bagnolet ( now called Alexandre Dumas ) . On 5 November 1910 , a separate underground station was opened as part of the first section of line 7 between Opéra and Porte de la Villette a short distance away in the Boulevard de la Villette and named after it . In 1942 , the two stations combined to form Aubervilliers – Boulevard de la Villette . The line 5 opened its corresponding station on 12 October 1942 as part of its extension from Gare du Nord to Église de Pantin . In 1946 , the section of the Boulevard de la Villette near the station was named the Place de Stalingrad in honour of the Soviet victory at the Battle of Stalingrad and the station 's name was changed to Stalingrad at the same time .
Nearby attractions [ edit ]
Nearby are the Rotonde de la Villette ( part of the Barrière Saint-Martin , a gate built for the collection of taxation as part of the Wall of the Farmers-General between 1784 and 1788 ) , the Bassin de la Villette ( an artificial lake ) and the Canal Saint-Martin .
Station layout [ edit ]
1F Line 2 mezzanine
Street Level
B1 Mezzanine for platform connection
Gallery [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
European parliament 's chief Brexit coordinator Guy Verhofstadt says UK could have had navy travel documents all along
Britain could have chosen to have blue passports while remaining a member of the EU , the European parliament 's chief Brexit coordinator has said , dismissing Theresa May 's claim that the move is a victory for British sovereignty .
The government has said blue passports will mean enhanced freedom for Britons , but EU officials have said they could spell travel delays and extra paperwork because of diminished travel rights post-Brexit .
Guy Verhofstadt emphasised that there was no Brussels regulation stating that EU countries ' passports had to be a certain colour . There is a legally non-binding European council resolution from 1981 which recommends burgundy .
Verhofstadt tweeted on Saturday :
Guy Verhofstadt ( @ guyverhofstadt ) There is no EU legislation dictating passport colour . The UK could have had any passport colour it wanted and stay in the EU https : //t.co/bkQX0T0F2Q
May divided domestic opinion on Friday when she confirmed the return of navy travel documents , which she called an expression of “ independence and sovereignty ” that reflected “ citizenship of a proud , great nation ” .
Sources in Brussels , however , told the Guardian shortly afterwards that any privileges relied on further negotiations on issues of free movement after Brexit .
One senior official said there was a significant risk that British passport-holders would lose the right to use fast-track citizens ' lanes when travelling on the continent and may also be obliged to use a new visa waiver scheme .
The EU travel information and authorisation system ( Etias ) is modelled on the US Esta scheme and could require British travellers to Europe to register in advance and make a small administrative payment . Although a chance remains for Britain to retain fast-track privileges if there is a further shift in the prime minister 's red lines on immigration , British experts have also said this looks unlikely .
The new passports will be phased in after the UK leaves the EU on 29 March 2019 .
The tendering process for printing them is expected to take place under existing EU procurement rules , something that the current British contractor , De La Rue , recently said could mean they were produced abroad .
Tories leavers have taken issue with this , demanding the new documents be produced in the UK . Jacob Rees-Mogg tweeted : “ Symbolism is important and I hope it will be printed in the UK too. ” Andrew Bridgen told the Daily Mail : “ Passports are symbolic of our national identity and sovereignty and of course they should be manufactured in the UK . ”
Friday 's announcement has been largely cheered by Brexit supporters , including Nigel Farage and the foreign secretary , Boris Johnson , after a string of concessions by the government . During a trip to Moscow , Johnson told ITV News he remembered “ a sense of personal loss and outrage ” when blue passports were “ taken away ” .
Others rejected the prime minister 's assertions . The Scottish first minister , Nicola Sturgeon , tweeted : “ The open , inclusive , civic , internationalist Scottish independence movement that I 'm so proud to be part of could not be further removed from this insular , inward looking , blue passport-obsessed nonsense .
“ Never has ‘ stop the world , Scotland wants to get on ' felt more relevant . ”
The Labour MP Chuka Umunna said : “ What utter nonsense . This belittles our country and your office , ” and the party 's former leader Ed Miliband added : “ It is an expression of how mendacious , absurd and parochial we look to the world . ”
On the eve of International Women 's Day , the shocking incident of a six-year-old girl being assaulted with an iron rod in her private parts has come to light in Ahmedabad .
The incident occurred on Sola Road , adjacent to the upmarket Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway .
Kaushal Anil Singh Chauhan , a security guard in his 20s at a construction site , reportedly lured the girl into the basement of an under-construction office site on Friday afternoon and inserted an iron rod into her private parts .
According to police reports , Chauhan 's action stemmed from some old feud with the girl 's father .
The child remains hospitalised , and is stated to be in a critical condition . The police said while it has booked Chauhan under Section 375 ( d ) of the IPC , they were exploring the option of booking him under Section 376 ( for rape ) as well , following the Supreme Court 's directives after the December 16 gang-rape case in Delhi .
It is also considering applying relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act , 2012 , to Chauhan .
Oh hey , would you like to watch some NCAA gymnastics fluff that has the soundtrack , production quality , color scheme , and fucking moccasins of a 1970s sex ed video set in a zoo ?
That 's correct .
So , Elfi . We 're going to need you to go for a short jog while jamming a book to your forehead like you 're absorbing a series of Egyptian prophesies . Annnnnnnnd…action !
Get the girl an umbrella ?
Maybe that 's why she never imagined Russia sending someone that untalented to a world championship . The book LIED to her .
So wait , there were just random pictures of Elfi up around town ? Was she an escaped criminal or lost dog ? Did Elfi do a murder , you guys ?
I mean , we could show her doing some gymnastics , but that 's just so obvious , you know . We do n't have that much time , so I feel like we really need to devote most of it to her laboriously opening a closet . That 's what girls do . Hop in , Elf .
Ugh , the easiest skill in the whole routine .
Fine , do n't hop in . Instead , could you take a second to invent Hillary Clinton ?
There 's our girl !
Also , is n't it just spelled Elfi , with no E ?
NO TIME FOR SPELLING BECAUSE CLOSETS .
In other news , apparently Moscow would have been the first Olympic Games , and high fashion has officially been invented .
Ah , the old wedgie-in-baggy-pants .
Up next , the irresistible saga of Marsdens , so irresistible it needed multiple fluffs over multiple years .
“ A late bloomer , she was a solid , but unspectacular , performer. ” CLANG . Thanks a ton for that glamorous introduction . Try to be a bit less enthusiastic .
But you know what will really spice up this story ? A vaguely and depressingly pornographic saxophone-solo soundtrack that also makes it so I do n't really know whether this is gymnastics fluff or a Helen Hunt after-school special about the ills of experimenting with meth .
That 's definitely how the rest of this fluff should have gone . You really let us down on that one , Marsdens . Not enough jumping out of a window as part of a drug-addled hallucination . Pick it up .
BUT WAIT , is that a famous footwear model showing off the hottest new trends ?
How much time were you going to spend on the shoes ?
JUST DO N'T FORGET THE SHOOOOESSSSS .
SHOES ARE THE NEW CLOSET .
“ Megan has some big days coming up . ”
Clearly .
“ She 's about to graduate , and oh also , in other news that we 'll shoehorn in at the end here , she 's marrying her coach , which is fine because of the 80s . ”
Everyone looks super thrilled about having to talk about this on camera . Nowhere else you 'd rather be .
But it 's OK because they made sure all the rest of the girls were as comfortable as possible with this . And by this , I mean dressing like the unholy offspring of Christmas and the Fourth of July .
OH THE MEMORIES . THESE ARE THE FINEST PICTURES OF ALL . Let 's casually flip through them right now .
This is definitely the “ getting offered a cigarette outside the bathroom ” scene of the PSA . There 's literally no other context in which these poses would happen .
“ Megan eats what she likes and picks her own activities. ” MY HOW MODERN . These newfangled marriages . Also , picks her own activities ? Today , I 'll be taking shuffleboard on the promenade deck .
“ It 's working pretty good today , no yelling at Megan. ” WHERE ARE WE ? WHAT LIFE IS THIS ?
Moving into the 90s , the pièce de résistance of the entire collection .
The glory and majesty of the balance beam .
You 're starting with that ?
Who made this ? Me ?
Hi , I 'm Julianne McNamara , and I 'm joining you live from this abandoned Worlds Fair because I just want to say that if there 's one trick to mastering the balance beam , you 've just got to put your mind to it , go for it , get down and break a sweat , rock and a-rolllllll , you ai n't seen nothing yet .
“ It 's known as the psych event . ”
Nope .
Hey Julianne , great work , keep pretending to be way more out of breath than you should be right now . It 's amazing .
“ Practice makes perfect . Or at least a 9.9. ” AHAHAHAHAHAHA jokes . Also , just a 9.9 ? Innocent times .
“ Skills are first learned on a basketball court for some reason . ”
Next , let 's hear from Missy Marlowe , Hope Spivey , and Dee Dee Foster .
EARRINGS FIGHT . EARRINGS FIGHT . EARRINGS FIGHT .
But wait . Did you know that the balance beam is ONLY FOUR INCHES WIDE ?
I do n't believe you . Could you produce some video evidence to prove this to me that I can GIF and never stop using until the end of time ?
Gee whiz , you 're right . Thanks ever so .
But really , thanks ever so to the brave hero who put these on YouTube so that we can never stop making fun of them forever .
Advertisements
Ending Chronic Homelessness Among People with Disabilities
Last updated on November 30 , 2018
We can end homelessness for people with disabilities in our communities who experience recurring or long-term homelessness . We know the solution - supportive housing - and we have proof of its effectiveness , and cost-effectiveness , in communities across the country .
Supportive housing implemented through a Housing First approach has been shown to help people with disabilities permanently stay out of homelessness , improve their health conditions , and significantly reduce their use of costly crisis services .
What 's Driving Progress
By prioritizing people experiencing chronic homelessness for existing supportive housing , and by creating opportunities to bring new units online , communities have made many more units available for people experiencing chronic homelessness with the highest needs .
Communities are also strengthening their assertive outreach and engagement , lowering barriers to emergency housing and services , and quickly linking people to permanent housing in order to bring the number of people experiencing chronic homelessness to as close to zero as possible .
What You Can Do
Seventeen years ago , when I first played for the Swifts in the opening season of the newly formed National League , we played at the Anne Clarke Centre in Lidcombe , in front of 300 people on temporary seating . The `` blockbuster '' games were played at the sports centre and , when the move was made permanently , there were some nerves about the ability to fill it week in , week out . Now that is happening , the next logical move is for Allphones to become their new home venue . Crowds of 10,000 will soon become the norm , rather than the exception .
These crowds are not just a Sydney phenomenon . On Sunday over 8000 fans cheered the Melbourne Vixens against West Coast Fever in their last home game before the finals . This crowd comes hard on the heels of the almost 7000 who packed in the game before to see their beloved Vixens take on the Swifts . Both clubs have membership bases in excess of 2000 apiece , and crowd numbers are increasing by about 14 per cent year on year .
All of this is great news for a sport in which its strength has traditionally been its huge grassroots numbers . Netball boasts almost half a million registered participants , and is one of only a couple of sports which are increasing membership year on year . This grassroots strength is rightly celebrated , with National Netball Day on May 31 being the first formal day set aside to celebrate netball in the community .
Historically , though , the challenge for netball has been to turn these huge numbers at grassroots level into bums on seats and eyes on screen for the premium product . The first part of that challenge is now being met . That club games are starting to eclipse attendance figures for the NRL and nipping at the heels of the lower end of the AFL is something worth getting excited about .
The next part of the challenge is to get eyeballs on TV screens . While ratings for the 2014 season are strong , they must get better if netball is to challenge the supremacy of the football codes . To do that , the sport needs to offer something more . The product is great – now it 's time to push the personalities .
When it comes to addressing Volkswagen 's diesel-emissions scandal that broke last September , some would say Europe 's largest automaker has proposed to merely throw money at the problem . And that may be just fine for at least one US district court judge in San Francisco . Because there may not be an alternative solution.US District Court Judge Charles Breyer has until October 25 to decide whether or not to approve a settlement that would cost VW about $ 10 billion , according to Automotive News . VW has proposed buying back about 475,000 cars fitted with 2.0-liter diesel engines , as well as giving those owners a little something extra ( i.e . between $ 5,100 and $ 10,000 ) for their problems . The total tab would come out to more than $ 20,000 per vehicle owner . As of last week , almost 350,000 VW owners had filed to get in line for the payouts.But VW was supposed to give affected TDI owners a choice . Take the money or VW will fix the car . Trouble is , VW has n't come up with a fix for the diesels that satisfies either the US Environmental Protection Agency EPA ) or the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) , which means that the automaker might have to buy back every dirty diesel out there , according to Road & Track . Additionally , there are another 85,000 vehicles sold as VWs , Audis , and Porsches that have 3.0-liter diesel engines that are part of the scandal , and there have been no solutions on how to address those vehicle owners at all . Breyer has also granted a preliminary approval for VW to settle with more than 600 US franchised dealers . That will cost the company about $ 1.2 billion.In late June , Volkswagen reached a preliminary settlement with both US and California regulators over the scandal , which broke after it was discovered that VW outfitted its diesel cars with software that allows the engines to cheat the emissions-testing process . That settlement was estimated to cost VW as much as $ 14.7 billion
After a dramatic season and finale — in which the top four contestants engaged in an epic lipsynch battle — Sasha Velour was crowned the winner of RuPaul 's Drag Race season 9 .
The Advocate spoke with Velour about her stunning performance in the finale , as well as what it means to be America 's Drag Superstar in today 's political climate . Velour also weighed in on the history of Pride , its meaning today , and a possible future in political office .
The Advocate : Condragulations ! I 'm sure you 've had a busy weekend .
Sasha Velour : Oh , my gosh , in every way . I had my 30th birthday yesterday as I was on the float of New York Pride , in full drag all day long , and then I ended the day with a celebration with my Brooklyn family in one of my home bars . It was really nice coming full circle and celebrating and reflecting on this whole crazy ride .
Happy birthday !
No one got me anything ! Which I guess says something .
Just a crown .
Exactly !
What was the experience like marching in New York Pride ? Particularly right after your win .
It felt really important . I 've always felt a connection to New York Pride , because of the importance of the Stonewall riots to defining and shaping and instigating Pride . And [ the ] Stonewall riots actually inspired me to get into drag to begin with . I was reading Trans Liberation , this book by Leslie Feinberg . It 's a collection of essays from different types of queer people around the world . And there 's an essay by Sylvia Rivera about what the night of the Stonewall riots was like . I was reading it after college , and I never realized what an important role trans people and drag queens and gender-nonconforming , basically teenagers , had played in creating a revolution that shaped everyone 's experience . And kicking off Pride , this thing that we know so well , it made me want to tap into my own explorations with drag that I had been doing as a little kid and fully live my life the way that I had always wanted to . So it really did feel like coming full circle to get to be this drag queen on a float with rainbows everywhere , waving to this crowd , making people feel excited to be queer and excited to be themselves . It was really moving and emotional .
There 's been a lot of discussion about what Pride means today . Is it resistance ? Is it celebration ? What do you think ?
I think it 's all those things . I think it 's obviously about personal pride and being able to live your life by your own rules and having the freedom and the power to do that . But it 's also I think , most of all , about the power that we have when we come together and define community for ourselves . And the reason that Pride celebration is so important is it 's really a chance for all of us to come together and insist on what we find important , and what we find beautiful , and what we find valuable . And in more conservative political moments , that really is an act of resistance , to say the things that we value are people exploring gender in fabulous ways , are people raising money for organizations that benefit trans people and queer people of color and our cities — the people who need it most . I think Pride , this year especially , has really taken on a very important political role around the country . But Pride evolves every year . I think queer culture , and specifically queer political culture , always has to move in step with politics in general .
There 's been a lot of internal debate over Philadelphia 's Pride flag , which added black and brown stripes . Are you for that change , of showing visual racial inclusion in the Pride flag ?
I do n't feel too strongly either way . I think the negative response has been really shocking , because it 's been absolutely important to say out loud how much of a part queer people of color have in our community . And if adding more colors to the already gaudy flag [ can do that ] in any measure , I think it 's really important . In this moment , I think maybe grand statements — about how much we 're gon na center not just people of color , but trans people and gender-nonconforming people , specifically — is really important . Because that 's where we should keep our focus as a community , especially when it comes to what political battles we want to fight for .
All any gay person could talk about this weekend was your lip-synch and those rose petals . It was amazing . What was the story you wanted to tell with the rose ?
I really tried to study what the songs were about , because I felt that the challenge was to put on an unforgettable , show-stopping performance . So I wanted to have some little tricks , some little surprises . But I wanted them to not just be random , but in keeping with what the song was about . And for me , “ So Emotional ” is about the excess of feelings , the excess of love , [ the ] overwhelming messiness of love . And since red roses are such a cliché about romance , I thought that the messy explosion of that from all over my body — as my outfit falls apart , as my beautiful hair falls off my head , and I become a little bit more strange , a little bit more monstrous — I thought that was a perfect way to capture the meaning of that song .
And the rose itself has such a wonderful history of symbolic meanings that differ . It was both love but also the petals of loss — how you had to beat Shea in order to win , and that must have been a bittersweet experience for you as well . Did you discuss that inevitable outcome with Shea ?
Yeah . All four of us actually discussed it , because in the months since filming , we 've grown really , really close . We have a kind of conversation between the four of us that was lasting the entire time . We really expected the competitive aspect of the show to be over , and the finale would be a celebration of all of our fabulousness . And even though it was very stressful to have this added moment of sudden-death showdown , we all saw it as an opportunity to make up for the lackluster lip-synchs of the season and remind people that the essence of drag is the ability to put on amazing shows . Whatever that means . There are many different ways to put on an amazing show , but we were all determined to not hold back and give our soul [ to ] powerful performance abilities on the stage . Truly , all of us have secured a place in the spotlight , and that 's what matters most . But it was hard to face down in that moment , to see people lose their chance at winning in front of our eyes .
As you mentioned , you 've had a lot of time to think about winning or not winning and what that would mean in a world that has changed very quickly . What does it mean to America 's Next Drag Superstar today , and how has that changed since you first started this journey ?
The political climate has shifted in this country very abruptly . Maybe it has n't shifted as much as it seems , but certainly , my awareness of what 's going on is very different now . I think now more than ever , being a Drag Superstar has to be about being a community leader and about inspiring people to live life the way that they believe but also inspiring people to be engaged and aware — and aware of history , so that we do n't repeat it . Aware of what 's going on , so we know how to respond to it . So I think it 's my job to inspire and lead that .
One of the ways I 'm most focused about going that is this monthly show Nightgowns that I 've been producing [ for ] two years in Brooklyn . In the past , it 's been about a theatrical , well-produced celebration about the diversity of Brooklyn drag — drag kings , queens who are assigned female at birth performing drag , nonbinary performers . But I 'm gon na take this show on the road and turn it into something that unites queer people and drag artists across the country — from small towns to big cities . And at the same time , we 're transforming Nightgowns into a nonprofit organization that can raise money for queer people in need around the country , in terms of raising money to support housing and educational needs .
I love this plan . Would you ever run for office ? Because it seems like the things you 're talking about , being a community leader , intersects with that .
I 've thought about it a lot actually . The inspiration for my crowning outfit that I wore for the New York coronation was presidential chic . And one of my biggest inspirations in terms of what can be done with drag is this drag queen known as the Grand Empress of San Francisco , José Sarria , who created the Imperial Court system , which was also a drag show that became a really important charitable organization in the '60s . [ Sarria ] was the first drag queen — I think the first out queer person — to run for office in San Francisco . So there 's definitely a long history of drag queens taking public office . So who knows what 's in the future ?
I 'd vote for you ! You also memorably said at the finale that drag performers were the keepers of our history and its tellers . It made me think of The Giver as well .
I love that !
What story from our history needs to be told and remembered right now ?
I 've always been a supporter of telling the story of the Stonewall riots as they actually were , and breaking away from the myths and looking at the context that required those riots : the level of police brutality and repression , the fact that it was gender-nonconforming homeless teenagers , drag queens , and trans women as well as trans men and drag kings who really were at the forefront of fighting to make sure that we were safe from the police . I think that that story takes on new resonances every moment . The importance of standing up against repression an fighting for protection of queer people is something that I think we need to remember , that that 's always been apart of drag history — that drag queens and queer people are the leaders of the fight for gay rights , and I think we need to have a renaissance of that spirit .
Fifty years from now , what do you hope drag queens will say about this moment ?
Oh , gosh ! That 's a really interesting question . I hope that , this is a moment where drag is everywhere . And I hope that this is n't a highlight that we move downhill from . I hope that drag just continues growing , and people see this moment , when there are so many different styles of drag that are all being respected and uplifted , when there 's so many drag queens . A lot of queer people are sticking their toes in the waters of drag and trying it out , and discovering how freeing and empowering it can be . So I hope this is just the start of a real explosion of drag .
Congratulations , Sasha ! See Velour and the rest of RuPaul 's Drag Race season 9 cast discuss their first Pride experiences below .
Woman sues hospital after botched surgery led to her breaking air from vagina : - The pain of cancer patients is the worst that a human can bear and even the joy to be the cancer survivor is more than anything else in the world . It 's ofter said that 30 percent of the cancer disease of an individual get healed with the trust on the doctors .
But , sometimes , these doctors can lead one to suffer more than earlier , and this has happened with the Jasminka Velkovska , whose life being more painful after getting the surgery for removing a cancerous cell .
Jasminka is a cancer survivor , and she went for colon surgery in Macedonia as surgeons promised her that they would remove the cancerous cell .
But due to careless of the doctors , the surgery went wrong , and Jasminka 's condition has become worse . According to the reports , the doctors connected the colon to the wrong place while reattaching it .
Jasminka complained about she was breaking air from her vagina , and further inspection showed that doctors had attached the colon to the vagina .
Meanwhile , this incident took place three years back and at that time hospital agrees to pay the compensation amount of £25,700 to Jasminka Velkovska . But , now recently they denied paying a single penny to her and thus , she was forced to knock the doors of court for claiming her compensation amount .
According to Jasminka Velkovska , she put the light on her problem to doctors while she was recovering but doctors assured her that she would get heal as the time pass . But , it did not happen , and her condition became worse . And in addition to this , her cancerous was not treated .
The respective hospital is now due to pay £ 8,600 to her after she was gone to the court . But , yet it is not sure when the hospital will pay her the compensation amount .
Now this could make for an interesting tort lawsuit . Detroit police officers were surprised this week to get an email from a Commander Dwayne Love that listed the names of female officers and their bra sizes and weight . The email dealt with bulletproof vests and the information was mistakenly included . The question is whether such information could be used as a basis for a tort action .
Since there is more variation among female officers to fit a vest , they were asked to supply their height , weight and bra cup sizes . Assistant Chief James White said that an email was sent out on picking up the vests but “ [ o ] n the third page , the females were listed . Unfortunately and embarrassingly , the cup sizes of the females were listed on that third page , and it was really just a clerical error . ”
The email was from Love and was then forwarded to supervisors who forwarded it to officers .
Could weight , height and bra cup sizes constitute an invasion of privacy or the public disclosure of embarrassing private facts ?
Under the Second Restatement , citizens may sue for violations of the intrusion upon seclusion :
652B Intrusion Upon Seclusion
One who intentionally intrudes , physically or otherwise , upon the solitude or seclusion of another or his private affairs or concerns , is subject to liability to the other for invasion of his privacy , if the intrusion would be highly offensive to a reasonable person .
Yet , these dimensions can be observed in public though not with accuracy . The injury is tied to the specificity and the official nature of the information . Can such official confirmation take something that can be deduced in public and elevate it to the level of an actionable tort ?
What do you think ?
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
It 's no secret that Nazem Kadri 's career with the Toronto Maple Leafs has n't exactly been smooth sailing , but general manager Kyle Dubas thinks that 's all going to change .
Dubas was a guest Friday on Sportsnet 590 The Fan 's Jeff Blair Show from the Leafs ' development camp in Collingwood , Ont .
“ I 've always been a big fan of Naz , ” Dubas told Ben Ennis , who was filling in for the vacationing Blair . “ He does have a chance to be an elite player , and some would say he 's shown the flashes of doing that already . ”
LISTEN : Kyle Dubas on The Jeff Blair Show
Kadri signed a one-year $ 4.1 million “ show me ” contract with the club earlier this week , and Dubas expects the 24-year-old to rise to the challenge .
“ I know he 's a pretty polarizing guy amongst the fans and the media but I 've got a lot of faith that [ Kadri ] is going to show a lot of people what he 's made of this year and have a great season , ” said Dubas .
Not all the pressure falls solely on Kadri , of course .
“ Naz has to pick up his end of the bargain — and I 've got strong confidence that he will — and the other part of that falls on us in terms of management and coaching .
“ I know with Mike [ Babcock ] , he 's put it to Naz and he expects him to be an elite player , he expects him to reach his potential , and if he does that he 's going to play a ton and he 's going to score a lot … he 'll have the chance to take us to the bank . ”
That 's just fine with Dubas .
“ If he reaches his potential , we 'll be happy to pay him . ”
Dubas also talked about the team 's plethora of young prospects their focus on development and drafting talent , and how the team will know when players are ready for the NHL .
On development camp :
“ It 's completely about development on and off the ice … On-ice skills , off-ice skills , cooking , nutrition , media training … so that the players are as capable as possible to maximize their potential the rest of the summer . ”
On making the jump to the NHL :
“ When they prove that they 're ready to come to the Maple Leafs and stay there and play there for the rest of their career and they show that they are good enough to take the job of somebody that 's been on the Leafs and played everyday … that 's when they 'll be there . ”
On the team 's off-season so far :
“ We 're at a different stage in our evolution as a program . We 're on a long-term track here and a very patient track .
“ We 're pleased , but we realize we have a long way to go . ”
Referees should be formally given the right to use their discretion when it comes to fouls in the area – and outside it
Emmanuel Eboué 's witless stoppage-time barge of Lucas Leiva on Sunday has been held up as a classic demonstration of Arsenal 's inability to think straight when push comes to shove . It is also a prime example of something else : a foul in the area that should not be punished with a penalty . The referee did not get it wrong on Sunday . Rather , the law is wrong and should be changed .
Here 's why : a spot-kick – ie a prime invitation to score a goal – was excessive punishment for an offence that merely denied Lucas the chance to retain possession long enough to wait for a team-mate to manoeuvre himself into a position to receive a pass and perhaps cross the ball . A direct free-kick in the area would have fit the crime better . But that option was not available to the official , who for offences in the area must award either a penalty or , in very limited cases , an indirect free-kick .
This is too extreme and , indeed , incites players to tumble like a shopper in a supermarket who spots a tomato on the floor and `` slips '' on it , then writhes in torment while speed-dialling his lawyer . Referees implicitly acknowledge that a penalty is too severe a sanction for some infringements in the area , which is why they often overlook fouls for which they would have blown if they had occurred elsewhere on the pitch – perhaps that was Lee Probert 's reasoning on Tuesday night when he decided to ignore Anderson 's lubberly tripping of Peter Lovenkrands ?
Rather than be lambasted for tweaking the rules to better serve justice , referees should be formally given the right to use their discretion when it comes to fouls in the area , awarding either a direct free-kick or a penalty , depending on how likely it was that a goalscoring chance would have ensued ( as well , perhaps , as on the degree of malice ) .
Just as many fouls in the area should not result in penalties , there are fouls that take place outside the area for which spot-kicks should be awarded . When Irishman William McCrum lobbied for the introduction of penalty kicks in 1890 , he was not seeking to punish defenders who inadvertently handle the ball or bump into a forward who 's going nowhere , he was striving to foil players whose cynicism or recklessness thwarts obvious goalscoring chances .
McCrum was lambasted for daring to suggest that Victorian Englanders would be so immoral as to resort to such chicanery , CB Fry famously protesting : `` The lines marking a penalty area are a disgrace to the playing fields of a public school . It is a standing insult to sportsmen to have to play under a rule which assumes that players intend to trip , hack and push their opponents and to behave like cads of the most unscrupulous kidney . ''
Nowadays , of course , we accept that fields are awash with cads of the most unscrupulous kidney – and they do n't confine their caddishness to the penalty area . In fact , they make a virtue out of pursuing their vice just outside the area .
For a defender who has no chance of getting the ball , thwarting an almost certain goal by felling a forward before he reaches the area – à la Ronald Koeman against England in 1993 or Willie Young on Paul Allen in the 1980 FA Cup final – is a triumph on a par with that of a barrister who successfully exploits a loophole to keep a drunk-driver on the road . Koeman and Young would likely be shown a red card now ( assuming the referee is competent , which he was not in that Holland game ) but that is not sufficient deterrent , particularly if the game is reaching the closing minutes , when being reduced to 10 men is an irrelevant hitch rather than a handicap .
If the offender was sent off and the goal-scoring opportunity was restored to the victimised team via a penalty kick ( rather than a free-kick for which the fouler 's team can erect a wall ) there would be less incentive to foul , no loophole through which to wriggle .
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
There might be a new development style taking hold in Milwaukee . A lot of focus is put on transit-oriented development , and the power of a station to improve the development of a neighborhood , but what about residence halls ? Do they offer similar development when built in an urban setting ? At least in one part of Milwaukee 's East Side neighborhood , it appears so .
As review , transit-oriented development according to the Wikipedia is ..
A transit-oriented development ( TOD ) is a mixed-use residential or commercial area designed to maximize access to public transport , and often incorporates features to encourage transit ridership .
What is dorm-oriented development ? I propose it 's the increased commercial development in the parcels immediately surrounding the residence hall , or in the residence hall itself . It comes primarily in the form of retail establishments ranging from restaurants to clothing stores .
There is no doubt that students bring with them a level of purchasing power . This is no more clear than in Whitewater , Wisconsin where , despite the town 's small size , numerous retail establishments are spread across the site as a result of the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater . However , dorm-oriented development , I propose , is more than just the mere presence of numerous auto-centric , retail strip malls . Dorm-oriented development is the urban assimilation of a residence hall into the neighborhood , and the corresponding commercial hub the residence hall creates .
Dorm-oriented development is the mixed-use development of student residence halls . As opposed to the traditional student silos that were built in the past 50 year , residence halls built with good urbanist principles appear to be a successful way to generate a successful , largely organic retail center . Not only are they good starting points for a successful retail center , but they appear also to generate a more fluid assimilation into the urban neighborhood than residence hall designs of the past have achieved .
Dorm-Oriented Development Example
The best example of dorm-oriented development in Milwaukee is currently UWM 's Kenilworth Square Apartments . The facility is built to the curb in a pedestrian friendly nature , features numerous street parking stalls as well as curb bump-outs , is in an already urban neighborhood with some-level of established retail presence ( Vox , Yield , Alterra ) , and most-importantly features outward-designed , first-floor retail stalls .
Unlike a shopping mall , Kenilworth Square Apartments did n't open overnight with numerous retail establishments . It took time for the stores to develop . Anytime Fitness , Urban Outfitters , American Apparel , and Toppers Pizza opened separate from each other over the course of a year .
What makes a residence hall different from an apartment or condo development is the very resident of the building . The resident is the key to the success of dorm-oriented development . Take for example New Land Enterprises City Green Apartments , the facility has been open for well over a year , if not two , and still has yet to see a single retail tenant ( the same goes for New Land 's Sterling Condominiums near UWM 's Kenilworth building ) . There are a lot of reasons this could be possible , it 's hard to imagine a building filled with students having empty retail stalls for that long .
601 Lofts , a condominium development on the corner of Ogden and Jackson , has seen its first-floor retail space fill . That space is however filled with a radically different type of tenant than Kenilworth Square is , a rug store , art/antique store , and an accounting practice .
The purchasing habits of a full-time student are clearly different from that of a working professional , and the first-floor tenants of such buildings appear to reflect that . Dorm-oriented development generates something much more akin to a shopping mall and more appealing to a younger crowd .
It should be interesting to watch what type of commercial establishments take hold in the Latitude Apartments , a mixed-use Dermond Properties ( originally New Land Enterprises ) project under construction across the street from the Kenilworth Square Apartments . Will they continue to reflect the purchasing habits of college students or will they be more geared to the young professionals who work at the nearby hospital ( who the apartments were at one time targeted for ) ?
New Residence Hall Should Breed More Business
The new UWM residence hall being constructed just down the block from the Kenilworth Square Apartments , should hopefully feed off of the success of Kenilworth Square . The new hall , dubbed Cambridge Commons , will feature first-floor retail as well as being oriented towards pedestrians . Cambridge Commons , like Kenilworth Square Apartments , is located on a high traffic street ( North Avenue for the former , Prospect/Farwell for the the latter ) .
There is evidence already that dorm-oriented development will happen nearby . Wangard Properties has purchased the former Downer Garage and is looking to lease the facility to a retail tenant .
Perhaps even bigger , and further out , is the purchase of the Columbia facility on the UWM campus by Doug Weas . Weas developed the Kenilworth Square Apartments , and any development of the Columbia facility is likely to include private dorms as well as retail . Look for debate around the possible purchase to heat up in late 2009/early 2010 .
Of interest also will be the development of a new dorm for MIAD in the Third Ward . A final site has yet to be selected for the new residence hall .
Not All New Facilities Successful
Placing the new facility directly across the river from the last UWM dorm to be built , RiverView Residence , also should help draw traffic across the bridge to any retail developments . The RiverView Residence Hall unfortunately does not feature any first-floor retail , nor is it oriented towards the street in a pedestrian-friendly nature ( instead aligning with a dead-end side street ) .
The dorm was not in a great position to capture retail development in the first place because of the lack of any real retail presence outside of a gas station and Pick ‘ N ' Save ( which turns its back on North Avenue ) , but it 's still a shame the facility did n't have more urban design elements . When the empty lots to the west of the dorm are developed , UWM ( and the UWM Real Estate Foundation ) will miss the opportunity to generate any revenue from retail establishments located in the RiverView Residence Hall .
Principles for Future Success
Seeing that the orderly , urban development of retail establishments and residence halls is desirable for the modern urban city , how can such a thing be cultivated ? How can residence halls be constructed so that they are a part of the neighborhood instead of a stand-alone silo ? How can a retail center be constructed in a a more organic fashion than a traditional shopping mall and better assimilate into the urban neighborhood ?
I received a copy of the title mentioned below in exchange for this post . Sponsor is responsible for prize fulfillment .
Ca n't wait for your next family movie night ? You can grab your own copy of The Peanuts Movie at Walmart .
Enter The Peanuts Movie Giveaway !
One lucky entrant selected by the giveaway form will receive The Peanuts Movie ! ( ARV $ 25 ) Open to readers in the US , 18 years and older . No PO boxes . Open for entry from 3/21-3/31/16 at 11:59pm EST . Winner will have 24 hours to respond to notification email to claim their prize or a new winner will be selected . Use the entry form below to enter , then be sure to scroll down for our `` Spring Delights '' giveaway hop for more events to enter !
Dream big and laugh along with good ol ' Charlie Brown , Snoopy , Lucy , Linus and the rest of the beloved Peanuts gang as you 've never seen them before – in a brand-new feature film from the imagination of Charles M. Schulz and the creators of “ Ice Age. ” Join everyone 's favorite eternal optimist , Charlie Brown , as he embarks on a heroic quest , while his beagle pal Snoopy takes to the skies to pursue his arch nemesis , the Red Baron . It 's a hilarious and heartwarming adventure that proves every underdog has his day ! And I 'm excited to say Good Grief ! It 's another giveaway ! Enter below for a chance to win your very own copy of The Peanuts Movie ! Special thanks to Planet Weidknecht and LeahSay 's Views for hosting this fun hop !
Bob Leverone/Associated Press
Miami Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin did an unexpected and decidedly chill thing last week , canceling a team walkthrough in South Carolina on Thursday afternoon to instead take the guys out to see a movie .
This is a thing 2014 Joe Philbin would n't have done , but as the Miami Herald 's Armando Salguero writes , this is all part of his renewed effort to connect with players and bring the team together .
Joe Philbin is different this year . I 've repeated it and repeated it and repeated it since before training camp opened for the Miami Dolphins ... He 's made the point he wants to forge a better bond with players ... And today there was another example . Philbin cancelled a scheduled team walk-thru in South Carolina and took his players to the movies . The Dolphins went to see Straight Outta Compton . Joe Philbin . Straight Outta Compton .
Yep , Philbin went looking for the one they called Eazy but ended up unearthing a treat that had somehow eluded him nearly half his life : the one and only D.R.E .
Indeed , Philbin admitted during a presser Tuesday afternoon that before seeing Straight Outta Compton , he had no idea who Dr. Dre was .
ESPN 's James Walker and the Palm Beach Post 's Andrew Abramson tweeted his admission . You learn something new every day :
Bob Leverone/Associated Press
How Joe Philbin managed to pass the last two-and-a-half decades without at least accidentally encountering the existence of one of America 's most influential living music-makers is something we may never know . That 's a whole 30 for 30 unto itself .
What I do know is I would pay a king 's ransom just for the privilege of watching Philbin come to terms with this revelation .
`` But he 's not a real doctor , right ? He just makes the tunes ? ''
Philbin would definitely call beats `` the tunes . '' You and I both know this .
To be fair , though , forgetting about Dre is way worse than not knowing he existed in the first place . There 's no coming back from that .
Philbin would never forget Dre . Philbin is an O.G . He might not know what that means right now , but give it time . He 's figuring it out .
Dan is on Twitter . Philbin has a little bit of gold and a pager . Definitely a pager .
Excellent basic system
Sound quality is excellent . The limitations of the receiver are in the number and types of inputs provided , and the style of connectors for the center and two surround speakers . If you have legacy equipment which you wish to incorporate there are only two composite TV inputs with stereo RCA jack inputs . As with most receivers in this price range there are only 4 HDMI inputs . Since these limitations are easily seen in spec . sheets , they should come as no surprise to buyers . The less obvious limitation is in the surround and center speaker connections . If you have used a heavy gauge speaker wire , it will not fit properly into the back panel connectors . You will need to make lighter gauge pigtails and connect these to your heavy gauge wire with wire nuts or another connector style of your choice.Read full review
Verified purchase : Yes | Condition : Pre-owned
Although our average order at McDonald 's is a Big Mac , chocolate milkshake and large fries , a nutritionist has advised Business Insider UK that you 're actually better off ordering two burgers instead of the sides .
While the chips are delicious and the milkshake is arguably a must , dietician Emily Field says having two burgers will offer more protein and balance your blood sugar , while reducing the amount of fat and carbs you 'd be consuming if you had the fries .
Getty Images
`` By swapping the fries for a second burger , you 're nearly doubling your protein intake while reducing the amount of fat and carbs you 're eating '' , she explained to the publication . `` Since fast-food is already high in fat and carbs and pretty low in protein , this simple switch could help steady your blood sugar levels . ''
While a burger typically contains carbs ( from the bread ) , fat and protein ( from the beef patty ) , deep fried potato chips just provided a lot of fat and carbs , and your body requires the protein to help breakdown the carbs , and `` buffer against sharp dips and spikes in insulin levels '' .
Also , ating a meal that balances protein , fat and carbs will also help to regulate your sugar level balance , and keep you feeling fuller for longer .
As if you needed another reason to order two burgers .
1 . Grand Prize details : One ( 1 ) Grand Prize Winner will receive one ( 1 ) Happy Essentials Lifetime membership and one ( 1 ) Happy Essentials Starter Bundle .
There will be nine ( 9 ) winners in total .
One ( 1 ) Grand Prize Winner will receive one ( 1 ) Happy Essentials Lifetime membership and one ( 1 ) Happy Essentials Starter Bundle .
Three ( 3 ) Second Tier Winners will receive one ( 1 ) Happy Essentials Starter Bundle .
Five ( 5 ) Third Tier Winners who will receive one ( 1 ) Happy Essentials Starter Kit .
The prize includes shipping to US locations .
The estimated value of the prizes are approximately $ 46 USD + cost of shipping .
The odds of winning are based on the number of points collected .
The prize will only be able to be fulfilled if the Crowdfunding project reaches its funding goal .
The Contest is administered by ( “ Happy Essentials ” ) and any questions , comments or complaints regarding the Contest must be directed to Happy Essentials .
Happy Essentials , as prize provider , is not responsible for the administration , execution , or conduct of the Contest .
2 . BY ENTERING THIS CONTEST ( “ Contest ” ) , YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE OFFICIAL RULES AND ANY APPLICABLE WEB SITE POLICIES AND/OR TERMS OF USE , AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THEM . NO PURCHASE NECESSARY . A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING . VOID WHERE PROHIBITED .
3 . The contest is open to all individuals 18 or older who are legal residents of the U.S. Employees , representatives and immediate family and household members of Happy Essentials , their affiliated companies , and Independent Contractors are not eligible to participate in the contest . All participants must be residents of the United States .
4 . How to ENTER : Enter by completing the form on the Happy Essentials page located at http : //bit.ly/WinHappyEssentials . ONE Entry per person via the form .
Entries will be accepted via the Happy Essentials entry form at http : //bit.ly/WinHappyEssentials until 12:00 p.m. EST on January 8th , 2018 .
5 . The Happy Essentials referral program is a giveaway that chooses the winners by the total number of points they have accrued . The points can be accrued in the following ways :
5 points for sharing on Facebook ( can execute this once every 24 hours )
5 points for sharing on Twitter ( can execute this once every 24 hours )
5 points for sharing via Email ( can execute this once every 24 hours )
10 points for liking Happy Essentials page on Facebook ( can execute this one time )
10 points for leaving a comment about Happy Essentials on the contest page ( can execute this once )
25 points for successfully referring a user to sign up using one of the tactics above or sharing their unique referral link provided by us ( 25 points is granted for each user that the referring user 's link converts to a successful signup )
By joining the Happy Essentials referral program you agree to not create fake email addresses , build bots to refer through any of the systems above , or in any other way engage in behavior that results in the illegitimate gaining of points for yourself or others . The Referral Program must be entered by submitting an entry using the online form provided on this Referral Program site . The entry must fulfill all Referral Program requirements , as specified , to be eligible to win a prize . Entries that are not complete or do not adhere to the rules or specifications may be disqualified at the sole discretion of Happy Essentials . You may enter only once and you must fill in the information requested . You may not enter more times than indicated by using multiple email addresses , identities or devices in an attempt to circumvent the rules . If you use fraudulent methods or otherwise attempt to circumvent the rules your submission may be removed from eligibility at the sole discretion of Happy Essentials .
Winners will be contacted via the email address provided and their name and profile photo published on the Happy Essentials Facebook page . If Happy Essentials is unable to contact a potential winner within 2 business days or a potential winner is not in compliance with these Official Rules , prize will be forfeited and , at Happy Essentials ' discretion , an alternate winner will be selected .
6 . By participating in this Contest , each entrant further agrees ( and agrees to confirm in writing ) : ( a ) to release , discharge and hold harmless Happy Essentials , and their respective parent companies , affiliates , subsidiaries and advertising and promotion agencies , and their respective officers , directors , shareholders , employees , agents and representatives of the foregoing ( collectively , “ Released Parties ” ) from any and all injuries ( including personal injury ) , liability , losses and damages of any kind to persons , including death , or property resulting , in whole or in part , directly or indirectly , from entrant 's participation in the Contest or any Contest-related activity or the acceptance , possession , use or misuse of any awarded prize ( including any travel/activity related thereto ) ; ( b ) to the use of his/her name , voice , performance , photograph , caption , entry , and/or likeness for programming , advertising , publicity and promotional purposes in any and all media , now or hereafter known , worldwide and on the Internet , and in perpetuity by Happy Essentials and its designees , without compensation ( unless prohibited by law ) or additional consents ; and ( c ) entrant 's personal data , as provided to Happy Essentials , may be passed to a third party , including , to enable such third party to fulfill any necessary requirements relating to the award of a prize . By entering this Contest , you consent to the transfer of such personal data to such third-parties .
7 . Released Parties are not responsible for lost , late , incomplete , damaged , illegible , inaccurate , stolen , delayed , misdirected , undelivered , or garbled entries , or for lost , interrupted or unavailable network , server , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , website , or other connections , availability or accessibility or miscommunications or failed computer , satellite , telephone or cable transmissions , lines , or technical failure or jumbled , scrambled , delayed , or misdirected transmissions or computer hardware or software malfunctions , failures or difficulties , or other errors or difficulties of any kind whether human , mechanical , electronic , computer , network , typographical , printing or otherwise relating to or in connection with the Contest , including , without limitation , lost , stolen or misdirected referrals , errors or difficulties which may occur in connection with the administration of the Contest , the processing of registrations , the announcement of the prizes , or in any Contest-related materials . Released Parties are also not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information , whether caused by site users , tampering , hacking , or by any equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Contest . Released Parties are not responsible for injury or damage to any person 's computer related to or resulting from participating in this Contest or downloading materials from or use of the website . Persons who tamper with or abuse any aspect of the Contest or website , who act in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner or who are in violation of these Official Rules , as solely determined by Happy Essentials , will be disqualified and all associated entries will be void . Should any portion of the Contest be , in Happy Essentials ' sole opinion , compromised for any reason , including virus , worms , bugs , non-authorized human intervention or other causes which , in the sole opinion of the Happy Essentials , corrupt or impair the administration , security , fairness , or submission of entries , Happy Essentials reserves the right at its sole discretion to suspend , modify or terminate the Contest ( or portion thereof ) and , if terminated , at its discretion , select the potential winner ( s ) at issue from all eligible , non-suspect entries received prior to action taken in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received . CAUTION : ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE , Happy Essentials RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND OTHER REMEDIES ( INCLUDING ATTORNEYS ' FEES ) FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW , INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION .
8 . Happy Essentials makes no warranties , and hereby disclaims any and all warranties , express or implied , concerning any Prize furnished in connection with the Contest . WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING , SUCH PRIZES ARE PROVIDED “ AS IS ” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , AND Happy Essentials HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
9 . In the event that Happy Essentials is prevented from awarding prizes or Happy Essentials is prevented from continuing with the Contest as contemplated herein by any event beyond their control , including but not limited to fire , flood , natural or man-made epidemic of health of other means , earthquake , explosion , labor dispute or strike , act of God or public enemy , satellite or equipment failure , riot or civil disturbance , terrorist threat or activity , war ( declared or undeclared ) or any federal state or local government law , order , or regulation , public health crisis , order of any court or jurisdiction , or other cause not reasonably within Happy Essentials or control ( each a “ Force Majeure ” event or occurrence ) , then Happy Essentials shall have the right to modify , suspend , or terminate the Contest . If the Contest is terminated before the designated end date , Happy Essentials will ( if possible ) select the winner in a random drawing from all eligible , non-suspect entries received as of the date of the event giving rise to the termination . Inclusion in such drawing shall be each entrant 's sole and exclusive remedy under such circumstances . Only the type and quantity of prizes described in these Official Rules will be awarded . If , for any reason , more bona fide winners come forward seeking to claim prizes in excess of the number of each type of prize set forth in these Official Rules , the winners , or remaining winners , as the case may be , of the advertised number of prizes available in the prize category in question may be selected in a random drawing from among all persons making purportedly valid claims for such prize ( s ) . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Official Rules shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision . In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal , these Official Rules shall otherwise remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein .
10 . This promotion is in no way sponsored , endorsed or administered by , or associated with Facebook or Twitter . You understand that you are providing your information to Happy Essentials . The information you provide will be used to alert the winner of the Contest .
11 . By Registering for contest you will automatically be registered for Happy Essentials Email newsletter which you may unsubscribe from at any time .
12 . No Purchase Necessary . For those who do not have access to the internet , most public libraries offer free access to the internet .
13 . In the case that the entry form does not work , you will be able to email in your entry to Happy Essentials . Form Entries are limited to one per person .
Any questions , comments or concerns regarding the contest should be directed to Happy Essentials at [ email protected ] .
New Atlanta United acquisition Hector Villalba will head south of the border for the remainder of 2016 .
The 21-year-old winger , who Atlanta acquired from Argentine club San Lorenzo on July 22 , is set to the rest of the year on loan at Tijuana , the upcoming MLS expansion side announce on Thursday .
Atlanta had already confirmed that Villalba would spend the rest of 2016 on loan when they announced his signing , and the Liga MX side last week indicated that Villalba would be linking up with them :
The loan to Tijuana became official upon receipt of Villalba 's international transfer certificate , making him eligible for Xolos ' Liga MX game on Saturday at Cruz Azul .
“ We 're pleased to have Tito on loan with Xolos in the Mexican top division , ” said Atlanta United technical director Carlos Bocanegra , in a statement provided by the club . “ He will be competing in a tough league which will challenge him and keep him sharp . He 'll also have several American teammates and will be in close proximity to the United States which will allow him to begin working on his English language skills . ”
Villalba made over 100 first-team appearances in four years with San Lorenzo , recording 16 goals and helping San Lorenzo to the 2014 Copa Libertadores title .
Managed by former Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera , Tijuana has several US national team players on the roster , including defenders Michael Orozco and Greg Garza and pre-Copa America Centenario call-ups Paul Arriola and Amando Moreno .
When I first reviewed Crusader Kings II in 2012 , I called it “ one of the most challenging , entertaining and rewarding strategy games [ I 've ] ever played. ” Five years later , it turns out that was only the beginning of my long journey with the game .
Crusader Kings II is a grand strategy game from Paradox Interactive . The “ grand ” part of that label is well-deserved ; like its labelmates Europa Universalis and Hearts of Iron , CKII is a game whose complexity is matched only by the number of buttons and menus it 's packing to accommodate it .
Starting in the 8th century , players are asked to look across the medieval world and select a single ruler , from the mightiest Emperor to the lowliest local official . You 're then in charge of that person 's affairs ( and by extension those of their lands ) until the day they die . And when they do , provided you 've managed to secure a successor , you start playing as them , and so on and so on until you run out of heirs or the 15th century draws to a close .
At face value , CKII is a traditional strategy game . It 's asking you to do what every other strategy game does : play cerebral whack-a-mole , balancing a number of variables and threats in whatever way seems most prudent to you , the ruler . There 's an economy , and fighting , and diplomacy , and everything else you 'd expect .
Only what you expect and what you get with this game are two very different things . CKII does n't ask you to worry about how much timber you 've got in a warehouse , or how many catapults you 've built . This is n't a game where you have to care about juggling complex trade routes , or build individual infantrymen .
It 's a game about people .
Advertisement
See , you do n't play CKII as some distant , God-like observer . You 're in the boots of one of the guys ( or gals ! ) living through the game , and so the options available to you at any moment are limited to the very human ones a ruler could directly order . You can get married . You can have kids . You can hire and fire your family and friends . You can arrest your family and friends . You can chop their heads off in the dungeon after you do it , if you like . You can disown a dwarf son , adopt a mysterious bastard , arrange a Papal vote , host a feast , go hunting or even just invite someone over for dinner .
This stuff is n't window dressing , either , it matters . The core of this game is a vast network of interpersonal relationships , the game constantly calculating how everyone is feeling about everyone else . How you get along with someone , influence a decision or have something done to you is almost entirely dependent on what other characters think about you , which in turn is determined by how you were raised and what your personality is like .
So decisions and challenges in CKII are n't “ I need more wood so I 'll chop more wood ” , they 're more like “ I need to declare war but my council is against this so how can I persuade them without resorting to murder and oh fuck it I 'll just murder someone ” .
This extends all the way through to national diplomacy . For example , there 's no abstract value weighing how much England likes France . That 's reliant on the personal opinions of each King/Queen , and is influenced by everything from where they were born to who 's on their council to who they 're married to . They may be best friends in 1150 , but a few dead Kings later and they 'll be at each other 's throats . So CKII is n't an economic or military strategy game ( though those elements do feature ) , it 's essentially a political simulator . And a very good one at that .
Advertisement
What this dependence on character does is turn each game into a gripping story . Strategy games have long leaned on narrative to dress up their box-ticking , from Civilization 's personalities making AI seem human to Total War 's historical plots , but they 've got nothing on Crusader Kings II .
Everything that happens to you in CKII feels like a personal affront or triumph because that 's exactly how the game works . Whether you 're torturing a foe , fending off a challenge on your title or having an affair , every click of your mouse is telling a human story with complex human beings . Denmark did n't invade , their asshole King did . You did n't secure power by harvesting minerals , you killed a few people and bribed a few others . Every day that passes , you 're writing your own bloody , historical version of Game of Thrones , only with the Crusades replacing dragons .
All of which is terrific stuff , but then , I said a lot of this before when I reviewed the game the first time . What 's happened since is nothing short of remarkable .
Five years of constant updates , expansions and patches have turned a game that was already vast into something almost unmanageable , a world so full of possibilities that even so many hundreds of hours into my life with the game I feel like I 've barely explored the fringes .
Here 's just some of the stuff that has been added to CKII since launch :
Whole new areas of the map . What once included Europe and a little bit of its fringes now includes vast swathes of Africa , India , the Middle East and Tibet .
This does n't just add geographical scale to the game but also personality . Because CKII is built upon relationships and politics , playing as a character from an Islamic Sheikdom or an Indian Empire is like encountering an entirely different game , as while they share the same basic framework as the vanilla European experience everything else is almost a new and different challenge .
New religions have also transformed the game . The addition of Judaism , Islam , Hinduism and old Norse Gods ( just to name a few ) only made the game 's relationships more complicated , and in CKII , the more complicated the relationship , the more fun you have picking at people 's weaknesses .
RPG elements that , at a basic level , let you craft your character , choosing a type of class , a skills focus and even customising their appearance . You can then influence the creation of your bloodline by educating them in certain ways and stepping in at key points of their development .
You can restore the Roman Empire , stop the Mongol Hordes , create an empire that spas from Ireland to China and , oh yeah , also face down a fictional invasion of Western Europe by a rampaging Aztec Horde .
Advertisement
Like I said , it 's now a game of mind-boggling scope . Some expansions have passed me by , while the updates present in others , like a more intricate Papacy and trade rules , are things I 'd rather not pick at .
But what an extraordinary game this is that I have that luxury . To be able to pass up entire new systems and ways of playing , and still drown in the possibilities available to me .
A Mercian Werewolf In London
Late last year , having not played for a few months , I fired it up and after a few hours found out that my King was secretly a werewolf , who would sneak out at night and eat cows . Which ... OK , cool , not only did someone involved with a deeply complex and historical strategy game think that up , but they went and put it in the game . Awesome .
And just this month , again having spent quite some time away from the game , I 've revisited to find that the Chinese are now present in Crusader Kings II . You ca n't play as China , and they only feature on a small part of the map ( China itself is n't there , since adding that much geography would break the game ) , but they 're still available to make deals with , go to war against and invite to your court .
That 's an astounding thing to come back to . Here 's a game already overflowing with races , peoples and faiths , so many that few players will ever truly come to terms with them . And half a decade later , where you 'd forgive Paradox for either giving up or phoning it in , have only gone and added the world 's largest and most advanced empire for the time , and everything that could entail for your own holdings .
Advertisement
Simply adding more and more stuff sounds like a cheap way to improve the game , but the thing about CKII is that everything that 's been added has been woven into the game 's systems . Because it 's a game that 's about the stories you create , and not necessarily the score you rack up , there 's no need to worry about new content being for a certain type of user , or for the player to have somehow “ completed ” CKII before they can enjoy it .
Few pieces of new content jut out , or are clearly bolted-on ; rather they merge with everything to simply create a game that 's bigger , bolder and better than what was already there at launch .
Sadly , as amazing as everything I 've said above was and has become , I 'm still a bit sad that the vanilla game 's main failing is still very much in effect , if not worse : it 's too damn much .
A game with a lot of options and commands , by necessity , needs a lot of menus and buttons . And I 'm not a UI designer , so I 'm not going to tell Paradox how they can a better job .
But I know that , somehow , a better job needs to be done . Even as a seasoned strategy game player it took me a long time to get my head around how this game works , a fact helped by the fact I was into the history and had the motivation—namely , this is my job—to learn .
Buttons atop buttons within menus beneath menus .
Advertisement
For others , learning how to play this game and tame its massive interface can be too much to ask . This is n't helped by the fact that the game 's tutorials are sorely lacking , leaving prospective players to alt-tab into YouTube every time they want to learn even the basics .
It 's been a shame breaking such a fantastic game down like this for years , selling it to friends and colleagues on the strength of its political and human heart , only to find most of them giving up because its learning curve is just too steep .
CKII 's AI is also still a bit wonky . Its people act and react to you with terrific skill , but more traditional strategy game AI manoeuvres , like moving armies and ships around , remain frustratingly busted . The most common and obvious example of this is the way the remnants of AI armies will constantly run away from you once you defeat them ; you 'll spend more time chasing them across the map than you will fight them , which is distracting as it keeps you from more important matters .
If I 'm going to shower praise on the game 's official expansions , I ca n't re-review CKII without also mentioning the impact mods have had on the experience . Users have created everything from new maps to new art assets to new tech trees , some of it to enhance the game 's historical authenticity , others because ... well , because they 're PC mods .
The Seven Kingdoms , and then some .
One mod stands out above all others though , and that 's the Game of Thrones conversion ( download it here ) , which turns the game into a terrifyingly complete simulation of the show/books , letting you indulge in the the same kind of political shenanigans and moral abandonment you first enjoyed in Europe , only now in the even-more appropriate setting of Westeros .
Advertisement
I can not understate how good this thing is . If it had been a standalone Game Of Thrones tie-in it would have made millions .
Five years ago I said Crusader Kings II was a very good video game . So good , in fact , that it was a contender for 2012 's Game of the Year . It did n't win , but unlike most of its competition that year , it has n't faded from public consciousness or been replaced by a prettier sequel .
Instead , it 's quietly but consistently expanded and improved itself , gestating with a kind of confidence in its core systems and hardcore appeal that in this fleeting and skittish industry is downright admirable .
I ca n't think of many 2012 games that would only crack our list of The Best PC Games in 2016 , four years after they were first released , but if anything is testament to Crusader Kings II 's strength and consistent brilliance , it 's that .
Chattanooga Police on Monday released photos of a gunman involved in a shootout on Ocoee Street that resulted in a 14-year-old boy being hit in the leg by a stray bullet .
One picture shows the man walking down Ocoee Street , then another he is holding a gun .
There is also a photo of the vehicle he was shooting at .
Police responded on Sunday at 12:35 p.m. to reports of shots fired off of Ocoee Street .
Police said , `` Further investigations found that a juvenile was struck by gunfire when two unidentified individuals began shooting at one another .
`` As the investigation continues police are requesting community help in identifying one of these suspects .
`` Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to call
`` We need everyone 's help to identify this suspect and the driver , or owner , of the photographed vehicle . 423-698-2525 . Reporting tips or leads can be done anonymously . ''
Kimmo Lasilla , Sales Manager
Current Bike : 2009 BMW F800GS
The new 2013 water-cooled R1200GS was exhilarating from the start ! It still feels like the R1200GS – in a good way – but everything just works better ! Power , suspension , clutch , gearbox , windscreen , and handling . It is just fun to ride but still very useable in every way . I definitely liked it more than 2011 Ducati Multistrada even on this pure freeway/street ride . I wish I could have it right now !
Matt Willson , Product Line Manager
Current Bikes : 2006 BMW R1200GS , 2001 KTM 640 Enduro
Rode my R1200GS to work this morning , then immediately hopped on a brand new , water-cooled 2013 model . All I can say is ‘ Wow . ' The motor on this thing is a night and day difference over the previous generation . Maybe the numbers on paper are n't a huge difference , but it sure feels like it . The power delivery is so much smoother , and the gearbox has been getting progressively less clunky as each generation of the Boxer GS comes and goes . What I really like about this bike is that changing to water cooled engine did n't kill off much of that boxer character that we 've grown to love .
It still has a good feel with all the right sounds an opposed twin should have . The adjustable windscreen was one of the best stock windscreens I 've ridden . Still not enough for a tall guy like me , but close . Putting a little taller windscreen on the bike 's adjustable brackets would probably do wonders . The controls all make sense . I did find myself missing the funky BMW turn signal system that they have abandoned for a more conventional switch on their newer models . All in all , I 'd say this new bike is better in just about every way . Now I have to fight back the evil thoughts of trade-ins , financing , and home-equity loans .
Paul Guillien , General Manager
Current Bikes : 2012 Yamaha Super Tenere , 2013 BMW F800GS
The increased power is immediately noticeable . In second gear I hit the throttle abruptly and the wheel came up quickly . Everything on the bike seems more refined that earlier models and it 's just a ton of fun to ride . I like the quick shifting feel of the new bike .
The fly-by-wire throttle takes a few minutes to get used to because there is very little resistance when you twist it . You can easily grab too much throttle at first , but you adapt quickly as you get used to it .
I could feel the bike puts out a boat-load of torque down low making the water boxer feel very snappy around town . The handling is predictable and feels very comfortable right from the get go . My first impression is that BMW got it right with this bike and people that test ride it is going to want to buy it .
Iain Glynn , Chief Riding Officer
Current Bike : 2005 BMW R1200GS ( on third motor due to abuse )
Two favorite features on the 2013 water-cooled R1200GS are the wet clutch and the cruise control . The clutch really bites like it should . I never realized how soft the clutch was on the oil cooled boxer until I rode the new water boxer . I am one of those guys that uses cruise control in cars all the time . This was the first bike I 've ridden with cruise control and it is awesome . The engineers at BMW tuned the cruise control so it comes on slowly so as not to disrupt the rider . It 's a perfect tool to keep you from speeding on long boring sections or even in the city .
The engine feels like it has much less rotating mass than the previous model . When you blip , the throttle the bike does n't twist underneath you nearly as much . The engine winds up very fast and triple digits can be reached rather quickly for an adventure bike .
One of the first things I noticed was the adjustable levers which are easy to adjust with gloves on . The clutch pull is much lighter than on the previous model GS . All of the buttons are very similar to the 2013 F800GS , which has done away with the paddle style blinker controls . The grip heater and high-beam controls are no longer rocker toggles . They operate with your index finger and the high beam control is built into the flasher switch which creates more real estate for new function controls which this bike has .
Eric Archambault , Customer Service
Current Bike : 2007 Triumph Tiger 1050i
The biggest thing that stands out in my mind after an initial ride on the water-cooled R1200GS , is the motor . It felt a lot sportier then the oil cooled R1200GS . The exhaust note has a bit of bark just off idle , then spins up quickly and smoothly with a nice little hit toward the top of the RPM range . The clutch and transmission felt crisp and smooth without any hint of chunkiness , something that was a big improvement over the previous gearbox .
The ABS was working in the background like I would expect , correcting , and removing any excitement , from my heavy handed braking . The chassis was still unmistakably R1200GS , which is to say that for a non-BMW rider , it feels long , with bars that are too wide , and telelever front suspension providing odd feedback . Altogether , though , the bike was exciting and the improvements that BMW have made to this model are both unmistakable and essential .
Andrew Sadler , Warehouse Manager
Current Bike : 2005 KTM 640 Adventure , 2012 KTM 690 SMC
This bike like other BMW GS boxer configurations has excellent balance with a confidence inspiring low center of gravity . When you push one of these big bike around on foot they feel tremendously heavy however , once you saddle up the weight just seems to disappear . The new R1200GS “ water boxer ” has a comfortable stand over height and over all good ergonomics for me at 5'11 ” . It could be dialed in better with the addition of bar risers , wider foot pegs , and some adjustment to the lower controls .
The stock windscreen is very good , but in its highest position is still a little low , I would probably add a spoiler for any serious highway miles . The only real short fall of this bike for me was the seat . It has an angular design that was comfortable enough when seated , but a disappointment as I stood on the pegs . The bottom edge of the seat made an uncomfortable pressure point on the inside of my leg right at the middle of my knee while standing . Aside from the issue with the seat , I like the new “ water boxer ” and would consider it the top contender if I was in the market for larger displacement adventure bike .
Click HERE to see our complete line of ADV accessories for BMW 's new water-cooled R1200GS .
Untitled a guest Aug 5th , 2014 354 Never a guest354Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.69 KB Quite the necro-post , pulling up a thread from 2 years ago that last had a post over a year ago . But it provides an opportunity to share some data . '' Fastest '' can mean two things . Semantically , it means `` least amount of time to complete , '' but people also tend to use it to mean `` easiest '' which usually means `` fewest mouse clicks . '' Normalized clicks to earn bxp ( 'ring ' ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Tree ....... 1.20 Mine ....... 1.21 Kiln ......... 1.00 Furnace ... 1.28 Loom ...... 5.96 Obelisk .... 2.98 Barbecue . 2.23 Low is good . High is bad . Normalized to the lowest value ( kiln ) . Qualifying for bxp from the q-master does not depend on resources collected , skill level , or plot level , but it does provide a good comparison of complexity . Normalized speed ( resources/time ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Tree ....... 1.23 Mine ....... 1.33 Kiln ......... 1.20 Furnace ... 1.14 Loom ...... 1.00 Obelisk .... 1.43 Barbecue . 1.13 Low is bad . High is good . Normalized to the lowest value ( loom ) . Resource collection is affected by plot tier and skill level . The numbers above assume the same level in all skills and the same tier in all plots . The obelisk is the fastest way to cap , although it is fairly click-intensive , and it is not possible to summon minions all the way to cap . The mine is the next fastest way to cap , and it 's not too bad for click intensity . The loom is the slowest way to cap and the worst for click intensity . Nevertheless , it 's pretty popular in my clan , probably for the gobs of xp . The kiln is the easiest on your clicking finger , but it 's in the middle of the pack for time to cap . EDIT : circumventing goofy forum filters
RAW Paste Data
Quite the necro-post , pulling up a thread from 2 years ago that last had a post over a year ago . But it provides an opportunity to share some data . '' Fastest '' can mean two things . Semantically , it means `` least amount of time to complete , '' but people also tend to use it to mean `` easiest '' which usually means `` fewest mouse clicks . '' Normalized clicks to earn bxp ( 'ring ' ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Tree ....... 1.20 Mine ....... 1.21 Kiln ......... 1.00 Furnace ... 1.28 Loom ...... 5.96 Obelisk .... 2.98 Barbecue . 2.23 Low is good . High is bad . Normalized to the lowest value ( kiln ) . Qualifying for bxp from the q-master does not depend on resources collected , skill level , or plot level , but it does provide a good comparison of complexity . Normalized speed ( resources/time ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Tree ....... 1.23 Mine ....... 1.33 Kiln ......... 1.20 Furnace ... 1.14 Loom ...... 1.00 Obelisk .... 1.43 Barbecue . 1.13 Low is bad . High is good . Normalized to the lowest value ( loom ) . Resource collection is affected by plot tier and skill level . The numbers above assume the same level in all skills and the same tier in all plots . The obelisk is the fastest way to cap , although it is fairly click-intensive , and it is not possible to summon minions all the way to cap . The mine is the next fastest way to cap , and it 's not too bad for click intensity . The loom is the slowest way to cap and the worst for click intensity . Nevertheless , it 's pretty popular in my clan , probably for the gobs of xp . The kiln is the easiest on your clicking finger , but it 's in the middle of the pack for time to cap . EDIT : circumventing goofy forum filters
Santa Monica Airport proponents launched two efforts yesterday that accuse city council and airport commission members of financial conflicts of interest in the city 's efforts to close Santa Monica Airport ( SMO ) . Santa Monica Airport Association ( SMAA ) sent a letter to city attorney Marsha Moutrie alleging that council members Tony Vazquez and Ted Winterer , who both own homes in Santa Monica , have a financial conflict of interest with regards to votes they have made and will make as members of the city council . The SMAA letter added : “ We find it troubling that these two council members with economic interests that would be furthered by closure or restriction of operations at the airport are also among the most firm supporters on the council of efforts to close or impose restrictions at the airport . ”
The other move yesterday was a complaint filed by Santa Monica resident Christian Fry , alleging that SMO Airport Commission members Stephen Mark and David Goddard , who also own homes near the airport and would benefit from property value improvements should the airport close , “ have used their official positions…as tools in a years-long effort to close the Airport , or failing that , to severely restrict its operations…Their financial conflicts of interest are clear . ”
Airport commission chairman Goddard told AIN that Fry 's complaint did n't apply the “ 'Public Generally ' rule which is : are the reasonably foreseeable material financial effects on the public official 's property interests indistinguishable from the manner in which the decision will affect the public generally ? ''
BBC Newsnight and the Welsh Language
Laura McAllister Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 10 , 2017
Like many of you I suspect , I prepared to watch the piece on last night 's Newsnight on BBC 2 with that weird mix of interest and trepidation . It 's not as if network broadcasters have a great track record of covering things Welsh , extending from politics to sport to arts and culture . On reflection , and from personal experience , I 've concluded that most coverage can be traced back to one of two imperatives . The first , a “ need ” to do something on Wales ( probably originating in some W1A style nations and regions memo along the lines , “ Rupert , apparently there 's some wacky festival going on in that place the size of Wales where they dress up in nightgowns and brandish swords whilst dancing in clogs . Get one of our juniors to ring my pal , Geraint in Cardiff who was at Oxford with me and ask him to say something vaguely interesting and short in say , 30 secs max . Do n't put much energy into it obvs as no one really gives a ff ” ) .
The second is much more insidious and , at times , downright nasty , spiteful and even bullying . I experienced this directly in that fabulous summer of football last year when Wales reached the semi finals of the UEFA European Championships , in doing so defying pre-tournament predictions and , of course , progressing furthest of all of the home nations and the Republic of Ireland . Admittedly , I have a pretty wide selection to chose from in terms of the most patronising bids that came my way from network broadcasters . One ( who shall remain nameless ) asked how people in Wales could possibly afford to get to France for the semi final . Another asked how football had managed to thrive in Wales given everyone-yes , everyone- plays rugby . One asked if any of our players was a “ nationalist ” . Meanwhile , the bile of the press focused on the fact that some of Wales 's Euros stars like captain Ashley Williams , Hal Robson Kanu and Sam Vokes , had been born in England . This one is an interesting one as it captures a dominant theme that was also reflected in last night 's Newsnight piece , namely that Wales , and things Welsh , only matter in relation to England and its own interests and identity .
So , here goes , a few of my own thoughts about why the language and Wales were treated as they were on Newsnight last night :
Last week we brought you the news that a British city was officially acknowledged as being vulnerable to a zombie invasion . Now we can tell you that such an invasion happened… and Leicester survived .
The city made the headlines after a man wrote to the council and , under freedom of information laws , requested details of provisions for the event of a zombie attack . The council has not issued a formal response , but a spokesperson told local radio that although ordinary emergency plans would apply , there were no specific zombie plans .
After the creation of a Facebook page honoring the man who made the request , two users created an event to put the city to the test . An estimated 150 people arrived in the city center on Saturday , where thanks to funding from an online games company , they were provided with zombie-style make-up .
The crowd then made its way from the city 's clock tower to the council 's offices . It was reportedly a generally peaceful march , though a living statue did come under attack by the zombies , suggesting that playing dead may not be the most successful strategy .
Credit does have to go to blogger Lucy Peel for the best line about the event in an on-the-spot report : “ Spectators about the same age of the young undead stared on in wide-eyed in amazement at the procession . It looked as if their eyes were ready to pop-out – which would have been fine as they could have then joined in . ”
Meanwhile , several readers have noted that officials in the US appear to have done a better job of being prepared : the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently posted tips about what citizens should do in the event of a zombie invasion .
( Picture credit : BBC )
Sixty-seven percent of 18-34-year-old Italians live with their parents , the latest figures from statistics agency Eurostat show , a figure almost 20 points higher than the European average .
Only Slovakian youngsters are more likely to live with mum and dad .
Meanwhile , in northern Europe , the vast majority of young adults live independently ; 19.7 percent in Denmark , 34.3 percent in the UK and 34.5 percent in Germany .
Across Europe as a whole , the proportion of youngsters living at home has seen an overall drop since the 2008 recession . But Italy bucks the trend ; the percentage has crept up steadily each year , with a notable increase of almost two points between 2014 and 2015 .
Particularly notable is the high proportion ( 50.6 percent ) of Italians aged 25-34 who live at home , a figure which has risen from 44 percent in 2011 and is almost 22 points above the European average , behind only Greece ( 53.4 percent ) . By contrast , in Denmark , just 3.7 percent of 25-34-year-olds live with their parents , compared to 10.1 percent in France and 39.1 percent in neighbouring Spain .
Italian men are particularly likely to stay in the parental home , accounting for 73.6 percent of the total between 18 and 34 .
While high rates of youth unemployment are a likely cause , Eurostat notes that 40.3 percent of the millennials living at home were full-time workers .
Students accounted for 18.8 percent of the total , while 24.3 percent were unemployed .
READ MORE : Why Italian millennials live with mum and dad
When The Local spoke to young Italians about the topic last year , economic reasons were the most commonly cited factor - however it was far from the only one .
Italians also tend to graduate later than their European peers , leaving them to fly the nest later . Even when they do graduate , many ends up in unpaid internships or jobs paying less than €1,000 per month .
Family is traditionally central to Italian society , and so young Italians are more likely to live with their parents than youngsters in other countries with high youth unemployment , such as Poland and Hungary for example .
And although young Italians were famously branded 'bambiccioni ' ( big babies ) by ex-Italian finance minister Tomasso Padoa-Schiopa in 2007 - a term which has stuck - this characterization may be unfair . Numerous economists have argued that clingy parents are actually to blame for the high rate of young adults living at home .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
It seems like hardly a month passes without yet another international or national study or survey revealing how America , as the “ shining light ” of democracy and unlimited economic possibilities , is revealed as lagging the rest of the civilized world in any and every possible category . If America is not at the bottom of the list for dependable infrastructure , access to healthcare , or the number of people in the middle class , it is a world leader in the number of children living in dire poverty , most gun-related homicides , most incarcerations , and a humiliatingly ignorant religious and racist population .
Now another survey reveals that as the one-time exemplar of democracy , America is near the very bottom of industrialized nations with a truly pathetic voter turnout record . Of all the recent sad reports about America , this one can be laid at the feet of Republicans and their moneyed supporters who , with valuable assistance from a conservative Supreme Court , work tirelessly and spend unlimited amounts of cash to prevent Americans from participating in the electoral process .
Before perusing the one-time ” world 's leading democracy ” and its truly pathetic voter turnout record , it is worth looking back at comments from Senator Bernie Sanders that he recorded for posterity nearly ten years ago in the 2006 documentary “ American Blackout. ” In the documentary , the filmmakers recounted the then-astonishing voter suppression tactics being employed to prevent a large percentage of the population from participating in America 's storied representative democracy . Even though it has been nearly ten years since the film 's release , if then-Representative Bernie Sanders knew what the Koch brothers intended in funding outright voter suppression efforts , he certainly would have called them and their legislative arm the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) out by name . Instead , Sanders talked about voter apathy and cited “ the people who control politics ” as the media , large corporations , and the wealthy people as those most invested in keeping Americans from participating in the election process .
Bernie Sanders explained that the rich and corporations do not want all Americans to vote . He said , “ The truth of the matter is that the media , large corporations , the people who control politically our country today do not want you to participate . That 's only bad for them . They want a low turnout of primarily upper middle class people , they want big money to dominate the political process . Their nightmare is that young people , lower income people , working people jump into the political process . They do not want that. ” As everyone now understands in retrospect , corporations and the wealthy Koch-types ' worst nightmare came true in 2008 when young people , people of color , working and low income people did jump into the political process electing Democrats to control both houses of Congress and the White House that elicited a ferocious response from the Koch brothers as archetypes of the corporate and wealthy elite Sanders described .
Since now-Senator Sanders ' short comment on voting has been manifest a hundred-fold , everything he said ten years ago has morphed into more than the wealthy elite just “ not wanting people to participate ” in the voting process or “ wanting big money to dominate the political process. ” In fact , after the 2008 election of Barack Obama with larger numbers of Americans heading to the polls , including more young people , lower income people ( code for people of color ) , and working people , the wealthy and their corporations went to the Supreme Court to win the right to inject unlimited amounts of money in politics , and paid ALEC to write and pass outright voter restriction and suppression laws in Republican controlled states across the nation ; particularly in the racist former-Confederate states . So , exactly what was the result of the Koch 's investment in ALEC and the Supreme Court ?
According to a new Pew survey released recently , among all developed nations on Earth , America lagged every nation in voter turnout than three ; Japan , Chile , and Switzerland . Americans voter turnout was less than all of the other 37 member nations in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) . Pew measured voter turnout by comparing the number of votes cast as a percentage of eligible voting-age population . According to that measure , America landing 31st among the 34 countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development whose member nations are mostly highly developed democratic states .
America 's turnout in 2012 was 53 % and the three highest ranking nations were Belgium ( 87 % ) , Turkey ( 86 % ) , and Sweden ( 83 % ) . America 's low voter turnout has predictable consequences as the last midterm election confirms ; lower voter turnout always benefits Republicans because not surprisingly , the people that do not turn out to vote generally have “ more progressive views . ”
This does not necessarily mean that registered Democratic voters are not showing up , although in the last midterm election that appeared to be the case , it just means that Americans who generally support progressive agendas like fair wages , income equality , worker protections , social programs , and domestic spending on infrastructure and education have been systematically shut out of the electoral process . Why ? Because as Bernie Sanders said in 2006 ; it is a nightmare for the wealthy and corporations if those people turn out and vote because they dependably vote for Democrats .
Republicans have made no secret they prefer smaller voter turnouts and it goes back to 1991 when Mitch McConnell said that not only is he “ not particularly disturbed by lower voter turnout , ” he thought it was “ healthy if fewer people participated in the political process. ” Recently , more Republicans have openly commented that they think any effort to get more Americans to participate in the voting process is “ shocking and underhanded. ” In Republican states voter ID laws , restrictions on voter registration efforts , fewer polling places , and outright voter suppression laws have contributed to the low voter turnouts .
Senator Bernie Sanders is no prophet by any means , but his remarks nearly ten years ago about corporations and the rich not wanting all Americans to vote were not only accurate ; they were grossly understated as the results of the Pew poll certainly revealed . Of all the surveys and research results portraying America as a second-rate nation have borne out over the past few years , this recent survey is particularly humiliating because this country is alleged to be the world 's leading democracy ; a distinction Republican and the Kochs have spent six years and no small amount of corporate cash flushing down the oligarch 's toilet .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Etsy , the online marketplace for handcrafted goods , has long hosted a thriving community of witches , tarot readers , and other spiritual and supernatural vendors . After eBay banned the sale of spells and the like in 2012 , it became one of the most popular places for these types of vendors to make a living .
But many who sell supernatural goods on the site are claiming Etsy has been on something of a witch hunt ( sorry ) , changing its rules about the sale of metaphysical services and shutting down stores without warning .
“ Swathes of us have now had our sales and shop views tank , and there is great distress in the metaphysical community , ” one vendor , who wished to remain anonymous , told the Daily Dot in an email .
The witch explained that under Etsy 's previous rules , spells and hexes were allowed to be sold , as long as they fit two criteria : They did n't guarantee results , and they produced something tangible . So you could sell a tarot reading as long as it came with , say , a digital download , or a candle that could be used for casting spells , as long as you did n't guarantee that the spell would actually work . Earlier this year , for instance , I bought a sex spell off Etsy , which came with both photographs of the spell being cast , and a disclaimer that no spell is guaranteed to work .
Recently , however , Etsy quietly adopted new guidelines that prohibit the sale of spells and hexes . According to its new rules , “ any metaphysical service that promises or suggests it will effect a physical change ( e.g. , weight loss ) or other outcome ( e.g. , love , revenge ) is not allowed , even if it delivers a tangible item . ”
Etsy did n't include a date with its new guidelines , so it 's unclear when , exactly , the policy change took place . Yet the Daily Dot 's source says that Etsy was still enforcing the old rules at the beginning of the month . “ Up until June , many sellers had been contacted by Etsy warning them their listings would be deleted and/or shop suspended unless they updated these kinds of things to include something tangible , ” she wrote .
Even if the witches had a disclaimer saying these services were “ for entertainment purposes only , ” or that a spell was not guaranteed to work , listing something as a “ love spell ” vaguely suggests that you could find love by casting it .
But instead of warning vendors about the upcoming change , Etsy seems to have pulled the plug overnight . Many vendors say stores began to be shut down last week , and on June 9 our source was sent an email by “ Etsy Marketplace Integrity ” implying a change had been made .
“ We 've recently clarified our spells-related policies in a way that impacts your shop , ” the email read . “ Because of this , your shop has been suspended . ”
When asked for comment , Etsy spokesperson Sara Cohen said in an email that the website “ recently ” updated its policies , though she declined to give an exact date .
“ When we make policy decisions , we strive to strike the right balance between creative freedom , Etsy 's values , and establishing a safe marketplace for members , ” she wrote .
Cohen also insisted that Etsy has been contacting affected sellers “ to help them make sure items they sell comply with our guidelines. ” She said the website is shutting down only the shops that violate these new policies .
An Etsy forum on the subject has over 850 responses . Some witches are annoyed that Etsy had given no warning that the site 's policies on witchcraft were about to change . Others were frustrated at Etsy for ditching the community that had previously been welcomed on the site with open arms .
“ Etsy has definitely made a lot of money off the sale of these ‘ spelled ' items , so they have had to know they were being sold . They even had a category for Spell listings which would prove that point , ” wrote one vendor .
Screengrab via Jaya Saxena
Screengrab via Jaya Saxena
Within Etsy 's witch and metaphysical community , there are a few theories as to why Etsy would have adopted the change . One has to do with Etsy having gone public in April . Additionally , while the site focuses on selling handmade , unique goods , it has always been an easy place for resellers and counterfeiters to set up . Etsy is now facing a lawsuit from investors over items that possibly violate trademarks , and it 's possibly that the website has become stricter about just what can be sold .
While these theories are all sound , many metaphysical sellers believe that Etsy has a cultural bias against their goods . One forum user compared the sale of crystals that could be used in meditative rituals to the sale of a rosary or a cross . Both items represent spirituality , but neither make the claim that they will heal your ills or help you speak to God .
“ Etsy seems to be only targeting those items of a pagan/occult nature while allowing items of certain faiths traditionally used for protection like St. Christopher medals , to still be marketed , ” said another vendor in an email . “ Personally I think it 's probably unintended ignorance and failure to consider and think through what banning all spiritual , energetic and magickal claims will really mean . ”
“ Etsy seems to be only targeting those items of a pagan/occult nature while allowing items of certain faiths traditionally used for protection , like St. Christopher medals , to still be marketed . ”
Admins in the forums insist that the sales of things like oils , incense , crystals and candles for use in spells are still okay , as long as they do n't claim any magical properties . For many witches , however , that 's not good enough .
“ The entire point of buying stones/herbs/oils is for their metaphysical effects in my community ! , ” wrote one vendor . “ If I ca n't list these correspondences , then why would any witch/pagan buy them from my shop ? Witches and Pagans want to buy stones from people with knowledge about their magickal properties . ”
There is already a petition to get Etsy to reopen these shops , with many sellers accusing the website of religious discrimination .
“ I give the example of the seller who just this week was told to change the title of her listing from ‘ Archangel Protection Spell Kit ' to ‘ Archangel Protection PRAYER Kit ' by an Etsy rep , ” claimed one vendor . “ A spell and a prayer are basically the same thing , putting an intention out into the Universe . ”
Discrimination or not , if you 're looking to hex your ex-girlfriend , you 'll have to start looking elsewhere . Or alternatively , you could always band together with these witches and cast a spell on Etsy .
Photo via Wikimedia Commons/Examination of a Witch ( 1853 ) by T. H. Matteson | Remix by Jason Reed
Stellar year : Richmond star Dustin Martin has been outstanding this season . Credit : Getty Images Marsh said the minimum salary will be about $ 100,000 for a senior-listed player , with rookie wages at $ 71,500 . McLachlan and AFL chairman Richard Goyder were joined by AFLPA chief Paul Marsh and president Matthew Pavlich in Adelaide on Tuesday in announcing the six-year contract , ending months of haggling between the parties . McLachlan said star players deserved maximum rewards . `` Paul and I have different views on this . I think everyone is in the same position . There is a list size and an amount of money and there are all these different views on how it should be apportioned . I might stop there . I think the star players deserve everything they get , '' he said .
AFL players have agreed to a $ 1.84 billion pay deal Credit : AFL Media/Getty Images However , as reported by Fairfax Media , for players to immediately share in the spoils , they will need a clause in their current contracts enabling them to get the rise . Marsh said only 50 per cent of players had this clause . Contract negotiations with players this year had been held up by the lack of clarity over the new collective bargaining agreement but these can now also proceed . Marsh said it was up to clubs how they would spend the windfall . `` At the bottom end , what we have done to try and make sure it is equally shared is we have increased the minimum salaries by an amount than greater than what the Total Player Payments is , '' he said .
`` We have set the benchmark of the bottom a bit higher . Ultimately , it is up to clubs how they choose to spend their salary caps . That is not our job . '' There has also been a change to free agency , with players no longer needing to have been a restricted free agent before becoming unrestricted . There will be another tweak made by October . It 's understood between 27 and 28 per cent of league revenue will flow to the players , including an extra 28 per cent of un-budgeted AFL revenue and 11.2 per cent of club revenue . While there is an immediate salary jump , the increase will dip to 1.2 per cent in 2018 , 1.3 per cent in 2019 and two per cent in 2020 , 2021 and 2022 , taking the salary cap to $ 13.54 in the final year of the deal .
Players , including AFLPA board members Patrick Dangerfield , Scott Pendlebury and Leigh Montagna , had been steadfast in their determination to gain a share of un-budgeted revenues . Dangerfield had last year even raised the prospect of strike action through the pre-season competition when negotiations stalled but that did not eventuate . `` I reckon we have been consistent from the start that we believe in the theory of ( the CBA ) being tied in a binary way to the success of the industry , '' McLachlan said . `` We have had three to four issues . One is that half of our industry revenue came from the clubs , which we had no control over . We needed a model that actually gave us some flexibility . If it is something with a 100 per cent margin , like wagering , they ( players ) will get a straight 28 per cent . Something with less margin ... they will get a different percentage . `` The players have had a win and got what they want , which is a percentage model that is fair and ties them in in a partnership sense with the success of our game and we have got what we want , which is industry protection and flexibility and ensures our game goes ahead for the next 100 years and does n't put it at risk . '' Pavlich said the players had 10 points of concern heading into talks . Promotional and marketing allowance money will also jump , while the players had a win in their bid for better travel and accommodation measures . There are also improved welfare and injury provisions , particularly for past players , and an added focus on concussion .
McLachlan and Goyder stressed the four pillars of the sport - players , clubs , community and supporters - would benefit from the $ 2.508 billion broadcast rights deal signed in 2015 . Goyder insisted clubs were happy with the new deal . McLachlan also confirmed the AFL Commission had agreed Port Adelaide would again stage a clash in China next year . MONEY MATTERS : HOW THE NEW CBA SHAPES UP Player payments : * Total player payments will increase by 20 per cent in 2017 , to $ 12.45 million per club ( $ 224m in total ) , with increases of 1.2 % , 1.3 % , 2 % , 2 % , 2 % in years 2018-2022 .
* Players receive 28 per cent of forecast defined football revenue ; * Players benefit from a review mechanism that captures a share of additional AFL and club revenue ; * Players are entitled to receive 28 % of AFL revenues and 11.2 % of club revenues above forecasts ; * Exclusions to the model includes bequests , donations , government grants , non-football revenues and AFLW revenue ; * The minimum rookie payment will increase to $ 71,500 in 2017 , while the base payment for a first-round draft pick will rise to $ 88,200 in 2017 .
Education , Development , Wellbeing and Retirement : * An extra $ 6 million of funding into player retirement accounts ; * Increased funding to $ 13 million for player development ; * Revamped injury payments model , guaranteed funding of $ 250,000 annually for concussion research ; * Improved travel and accommodation conditions ;
* Past players to benefit from the establishment of a Lifetime Health Care program ; * Category-A rookie-listed players will be eligible to play senior football from 2018 . Free Agency : * Players no longer need to be restricted free agents before becoming unrestricted ; * Free agency qualification periods remain as is - 8 years restricted ( if in top 25 % of paid players at club ) ; 10 years unrestricted .
Also , at least one additional free agency provision to be adopted by October 2017 , from : * Free agency for life ; * Free agency portability ; * Restricted free agency at 4 years for any players under median salary ; * Such other change proposed by AFL and agreed by AFLPA .
Other : * Improved travel , accommodation and leave conditions ; * Eight grand final tickets for participating players ; * Emergency player payments
EXCLUSIVE UPDATED : NBC ‘ s plan to revamp single-camera sophomore comedy Up All Night as a multi-camera sitcom has suffered a major blow . I 've learned that series star Christina Applegate is leaving the Lorne Michaels-produced project , which is still being re-conceptualized and is yet to film any of the five episodes in front of a live audience that had been planned . “ It 's been a great experience working on Up All Night , but the show has taken a different creative direction and I decided it was best for me to move on to other endeavors , ” Applegate said . “ Working with Lorne Michaels has been a dream come true and I am grateful he brought me into his TV family . I will miss the cast , producers and crew , and wish them the best always. ” NBC would not comment . Some sources say the network is still looking to proceed with the series and may be eyeing Friends alumna Lisa Kudrow as a potential replacement for Applegate , while others say the show is now dead . Meanwhile , Applegate is getting ready to reprise her role in the Anchorman sequel , which begins filming this month .
Applegate 's exit follows the recent departure of series creator/executive producer Emily Spivey as the show has experienced a lot of behind-the-scenes turnover since last May when original showrunner Jon Pollack left . He was replaced by Tucker Cawley who , in turn , was replaced by Linda Wallem when NBC decided to turn Up All Night into a multi-camera comedy after 11 softly rated episodes of Season 2 . Along with the format switch , Up All Night is undergoing creative changes , including in the balance between family and workplace comedy , that have not been completely locked in yet .
At TCA last month , NBC Entertainment president Jennifer Salke indicated that the strength of the show 's all-star cast – Applegate , Will Arnett and Maya Rudolph — was key in the decision to keep it going . “ We know that that talented cast of actors , they 're not growing on trees , ” she said , calling the multi-camera revamp “ a bit of an experiment ” but “ we think it 's really one worth taking . ”
In its original incarnation , Up All Night was a family comedy about new parents played by Applegate and Arnett , which was inspired by Spivey 's real-life experiences of going back to work soon after giving birth . Applegate sparked at the concept as she too was a brand-new mom when she signed on for the project . The workplace element was expanded and switched from a PR firm to an Oprah-like talk show when Rudolph was cast as Applegate 's boss , and there has been speculation that the series will shift even further in that direction when it becomes multi-camera .
Up All Night was a noble effort — an unfiltered look at parenthood with a top-notch cast , which received mostly positive renews when it launched in fall 2011 . But it did n't quite click with audiences and , after so many changes to the show and its team that have taken it so far from the original vision , maybe it is time to let go .
Paul Babeu , an emerging Republican figure and strong border defense sheriff , resigned from his position Saturday afternoon as Arizona co-chairman of Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign for allegations of threatening deportation on a former lover .
According to The Arizona Republic , a Romney spokesperson broke the news of Babeu 's decision to remove himself from the campaign .
“ Sheriff Babeu has stepped down from his volunteer position with the campaign so he can focus on the allegations against him . We support his decision . ”
Babeu has been rocked by the allegations from The Phoenix New Times late Thursday evening , where a Mexican immigrant named Jose told the newspaper that the sheriff and his lawyer threatened to deport him if he revealed their several years relationship .
Jose said that he and Babeu met in October 2006 on gay.com , a dating website , and that he maintained Babeu 's campaign website , Facebook page and Twitter account .
Babeu , who is also running for the U.S. House in Arizona 's new 4th Congressional District , is denying the allegations .
It was the Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu who said , `` A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step . '' The same can be said of political movements . In their embryonic state , they are often little more than doubts tugging at the corners of a political heart . The Cold War provides a ready example : Growing skepticism with the policy of confrontation eventually gave rise to détente .
REUTERS Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is not alone with her growing skepticism over free trade .
China today also owes its very existence to doubts . Communist Party leader Deng Xiaoping had stopped believing in the power of Mao and Marx to build a viable state . Even the British settlers in the New World would still be British today if they had not had their doubts about the good intentions of the mother country . Doubts turned into anger , anger led to war , and in the end the country we know today as the United States was born .
A similar sense of doubt has now entered the US presidential campaign -- and it is one that could lead to change of historical proportions . Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has distanced herself from the idea of free trade , a philosophy which has shaped America 's worldview since the end of World War II . The theory holds that trade between nations automatically increases the wealth of all participants , and that any form of trade is better than no trade at all . Every American president since Harry S. Truman has spent a good deal of his time in office eliminating customs restrictions and barriers to trade .
It is not an exaggeration to say that today 's globalization is a product of free trade . There has always been a general , nonpartisan consensus when it comes to the fundamental questions of economic policy . Former President Bill Clinton continued in the tradition of his predecessors when he brought together the United States , Mexico and Canada under the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
But candidate Hillary Clinton is now breaking with the legacy of her predecessors , including that of her husband . She no longer believes that trade with other nations is automatically beneficial to her own country . The old theory no longer holds true , she recently told the Financial Times . If she becomes president , she intends to withdraw from the ongoing World Trade talks that began in Doha , Qatar . In Clinton 's view , a trade policy that would pick up where that of current President George W. Bush leaves off is `` not an option . ''
The Threat of Outsourcing
SPIEGEL ONLINE Graphic : A double deficit
According to opinion polls across the board , a majority of voters in both political camps have the same doubts as Clinton . America 's enormous trade deficit -- and that in a country that once exported more goods than any other -- has left its mark on the American psyche . Contemporary America 's biggest export now appears to be the well-paid jobs of its middle class . The trend that began with blue-collar workers and has expanded to software engineers will hit investment bankers and pharmaceutical researchers next , says Alan Blinder , a professor at Princeton University and a former deputy chairman of the US Federal Reserve Bank . According to Blinder , up to 40 million American jobs -- representing twice as many people as are currently working in the US industrial sector today -- could face the threat of outsourcing .
In 2001 , when Blinder was still a believer , he wrote : `` Like 99 percent of economists since the days of Adam Smith , I am a free trader down to my toes . '' To trace the change of heart of both Blinder and Hillary Clinton , it is worth taking a trip to one of the upper floors of a building at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Cambridge . There is a long hallway there with the portraits of every conceivable economist of the last few centuries lining its walls , including Adam Smith , David Ricardo and Karl Marx . The hallway eventually leads to an office where a 92-year-old man wearing a bowtie is sitting at his desk eating sushi . Professor Paul A. Samuelson served as an advisor to several presidents , including Eisenhower and Kennedy , and in 1970 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics . His textbook is required reading for every student of economics .
Samuelson reads export and import statistics with the same attention ordinary mortals might pay to the weather report . He monitors the satellite images of the economy and attempts to differentiate between its tornadoes and hurricanes . And he has long predicted that we are about to face an economic tsunami -- a pressure wave that has formed underwater , gaining strength by the day . If we wait until a giant wave hits our beaches , it 'll be too late . The force of this economic tsunami will destroy many things , he says , including what is left of American industry . What it will leave behind , in the best case , is what Samuelson calls `` an American office economy . ''
Does he think that globalization is a zero-sum game , in which one party wins , and the other loses ? No , he replied after he had finished his sushi . The world 's wealth will continue to increase . But , he quickly added , unfortunately this wo n't apply to all groups within a society .
But wo n't the profits of globalization 's winners offset the losses of its losers ? No , he responded , not any longer . According to Samuelson , the consequences of globalization for the United States have been negative for some time now . Compared with Asia 's rising economies , the country is now in a `` win-lose '' situation . Asia , says Samuelson , is gaining economic strength while America is losing its assets .
Free trade critic Hillary Clinton now bases her arguments on Samuelson 's . His doubts are now hers .
A Coalition of Doubters
The coalition of doubters has become a majority in America . Many now disparage free traders , once considered the clear-headed shapers of regulatory policy , for their stubbornness . Even deep within the ranks of the Republican Party , they are seen as ideologues defending a principle for the sake of the principle alone . `` The next president must understand that there is no free trade without fair trade , '' says Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee .
Do doubts felt , and even voiced , by politicians automatically lead to correct policies ? Unfortunately , they do n't . Doubt can also signify destruction , for which former Russian President Mikhail Gorbachev is a prime example . The Soviet reformer no longer believed that a system based on the planned economy and controlled by intelligence services could produce wealth . But he was unable to offer an alternative . The Soviet realm collapsed , and industrial production fell . In the end , Russians were less well off than before the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Caution is also advised in the free trade debate . Protectionism -- or US economic isolation -- would be a fatal remedy . If she becomes president , perhaps Hillary Clinton should take a page from the book of Deng Xiaoping , China 's great reformer . He was skeptical about everything , including his own worldview . Throughout his life , Deng favored a policy of small steps . `` No one has taken this road before , '' he famously said . `` It is necessary to proceed with caution . ''
Translated from the German by Christopher Sultan
Sir David Attenborough , Jonathon Porritt , Jeremy Irons and other `` doomsters '' are talking `` dangerous nonsense '' about the threat of overpopulation , according to the environmental writer Fred Pearce .
Speaking at the Hay festival , Pearce said that the global population `` timebomb '' was being defused by some of the world 's poorest women , thanks to the impact of feminism in Muslim , Christian , secular , developed and developing countries across the world .
Irons , the actor who recently told the Sunday Times `` there are just too many of us '' , and other environmentalists such as Attenborough and Porritt , who are patrons of the Optimum Population Trust , are modern-day Malthusians , according to Pearce , who fail to see that overconsumption , not overpopulation , is what really imperils the planet .
`` I believe they are talking dangerous nonsense . The population timebomb is being defused , fast , '' Pearce told the festival .
The United Nations has predicted the world 's population could rise from 6.8bn to 9.2bn in 2050 , but , according to Pearce , it will only rise by up to 2bn and will then start to fall .
Half the world now has fertility rates below the replacement rate of 2.3 children . Women in Iran were giving birth to eight children in the 1980s , but now give birth to less than two . In Bangladesh , where many mothers are poor and badly educated , women have an average of just three children . Birth rates have fallen to 2.8 in India and two in Brazil , despite the influence of Catholicism .
In China , `` the one-child policy is brutal and repressive but it may not be making much difference anymore '' , said Pearce , citing similarly low birth rates in Taiwan , Hong Kong and Singapore , where the government has been paying couples to have children for two decades .
Only in poverty-stricken parts of Africa , highly patriarchal societies such as Yemen and among `` traumatised '' people such as the Palestinians and Orthodox Jews in Israel , are birth rates soaring .
Pearce said he had not set out to write `` a feminist tract '' when researching his book , Peoplequake : Mass Migration , Ageing Nations and the Coming Population Crash , but discovered in all these societies the key factor was women being able to take decisions for themselves . Given this power , if child mortality rates were such that they no longer needed five or six children for two or three to survive , women were choosing to have fewer children and `` get on with their lives '' .
With the time lag between fertility rates and population , Pearce said the population could still rise by 2bn but would then fall back as a smaller future generation of mothers created a `` feedback loop '' of smaller populations .
While this was `` a good news story '' , Pearce warned that the environmental threat to the world was not over .
`` We have n't begun to defuse the consumption boom , '' he said , arguing that environmentalists should focus not on restricting population growth in the developing world but on curing the developed world of its addiction to consumption .
The richest 500 million people ( 7 % of the world 's population ) are responsible for 50 % of CO2 emissions , while the poorest 3.5bn people ( 50 % of the population ) are responsible for just 7 % of emissions . One American 's emissions are equivalent to those of 250 Ethiopians .
Women having the right to decide how many children they bear may be the key to stabilising the world 's population , but Pearce said that in societies where the feminist revolution was incomplete and mothers were still expected to perform the lion 's share of child-rearing duties , many women were rebelling against childbirth .
This trend was particularly strong in southern Europe . If Italy continues with its current birth rate , its population will fall by 86 % by the end of this century .
Mass migration and an ageing population would be challenges for the future , but Pearce speculated that an older population could be `` wiser and greener '' , living life at a slower pace with less desire for high-speed consumption .
He predicted that by the end of his lifetime , people would be more worried by a population crash than a population explosion .
article
General Electric reached a deal to combine its oil-and-gas business with Baker Hughes , creating an energy powerhouse that would give GE a cost-effective way to play any recovery in the industry .
Continue Reading Below
GE will contribute its oil-and-gas business and $ 7.4 billion in a special cash dividend to the new entity , which will have publicly traded shares and be 62.5 % owned by GE and 37.5 % owned by existing Baker Hughes shareholders .
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that the companies were in talks about a potential transaction .
A combination creates a company with more than $ 32 billion in revenue that could cut costs to better compete with rivals such as Schlumberger Ltd. to provide equipment and services to oil rigs and wells . It would enable GE to benefit from an expected recovery in the industry without having to pay for a full acquisition of Baker Hughes . It would also enable the companies and their shareholders to benefit from cost and other synergies from putting the two businesses together .
After two brutal years , GE and some of its rivals in the oil-and-gas business have begun to see signs of hope . Crude prices , which plunged to $ 30 a barrel this year from more than $ 100 in 2014 , have rebounded to around $ 50 recently .
-- Ted Mann and Austen Hufford contributed to this article .
Advertisement
Write to Dana Cimilluca at dana.cimilluca @ wsj.com , Dana Mattioli at dana.mattioli @ wsj.com and David Benoit at david.benoit @ wsj.com
The worst possible outcome for the Abbott government would be if its proposal for a $ 7 Medicare fee actually became law , Australian Medical Association president Brian Owler says .
Addressing the National Press Club in Canberra on Wednesday , Associate Professor Owler said public opinion was clearly against the proposal , announced in the May budget , for a $ 7 fee for GP visits , pathology services such as blood tests and diagnostic imaging services such as X-rays .
AMA president Brian Owler at the National Press Club in Canberra on Wednesday . Credit : Alex Ellinghausen
`` I think the worst thing for the government would actually be if by some miracle they got the co-payment proposal through the Senate , because every time someone went to the doctor , they would be reminded about the co-payment , '' Professor Owler said .
While the Coalition has not yet introduced legislation for the change , the proposal appears unlikely to pass the Senate , with Labor , the Greens and the Palmer United Party strongly opposed .
As we watch the horrifying slaughter unfold in Gaza , bear in mind the Israeli psychosis that fuels and justifies it . Here are comments from three rightwing Israelis – two leading politicians and a professor – who very much reflect a strain of mainstream thinking in Israel , one that the international media largely avoids noting .
Each , in their different ways , is advocating a genocide of the Palestinians .
Ayelet Shaked , of economics minister Naftali Bennett 's Jewish Home party , calls on her Facebook page for murdering the mothers of what she terms Palestinian “ terrorists ” ( a very broad concept indeed in current Israeli thinking ) so that they can not give birth to more “ little snakes ” :
They have to die and their houses should be demolished so that they can not bear any more terrorists . They are all our enemies and their blood should be on our hands . This also applies to the mothers of the dead terrorists . … [ The terrorists ] are all enemy combatants , and their blood shall be on all their heads . Now this also includes the mothers of the martyrs , who send them to hell with flowers and kisses . They should follow their sons , nothing would be more just . They should go , as should the physical homes in which they raised the snakes . Otherwise , more little snakes will be raised there .
Mordechai Kedar , a lecturer on Arabic literature at Bar Ilan University , believes the sisters and mothers of Palestinian “ terrorists ” should be raped :
A terrorist , like those who kidnapped the boys [ in the West Bank on June 12 ] and killed them , the only thing that will deter them , is if they know that either their sister or mother will be raped if they are caught . What can we do ? This is the culture that we live in .
Note that his university did not reprimand him . They defended his comments :
The purpose was to define the culture of death of the terrorist organizations . Dr Kedar illustrated in his words the bitter reality of the Middle East and the inability of a modern and law-abiding country to fight the terror of suicide bombers .
And finally we have Moshe Feiglin , a deputy speaker of the Israeli parliament and a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party , urging the Israeli army to kill Palestinians in Gaza indiscriminately and use every means possible to get them to leave :
[ Netanyahu ] announces that Israel is about to attack military targets in their area and urges those who are not involved and do not wish to be harmed to leave immediately . Sinai is not far from Gaza and they can leave . This will be the limit of Israel 's humanitarian efforts . … All the military and infrastructural targets will be attacked with no consideration for ‘ human shields ' or ‘ environmental damage ' . … The IDF will conquer the entire Gaza , using all the means necessary to minimize any harm to our soldiers , with no other considerations . … The enemy population that is innocent of wrong-doing and separated itself from the armed terrorists will be treated in accordance with international law and will be allowed to leave . Israel will generously aid those who wish to leave .
This psychosis is not going to get better on its own . In fact , it 's going to get much worse . How much worse will depend entirely on the continuing inaction of western leaders .
http : //jonathanturley.org/2014/07/17/they-have-to-die-israeli-politicians-comments-calling-for-killing-of-mothers-of-palestinians-trigger-international-backlash/
http : //972mag.com/nstt_feeditem/israeli-scholar-only-raping-the-sister-of-a-palestinian-can-deter-him/
www.israelnationalnews.com/Articles/Article.aspx/15326
Panama has spent over 5 billion US dollars to widen and dredge the Panama Canal to support a new class of supersized cargo ships - known as Post Panamax ships - that are more than twice as big as the historical cargo shipping fleet . The expanded Canal will open in 2015 .
The North America to Asia trade lanes have mainly relied on the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach . Then intermodal shipments via rail and truck have brought a high proportion of this cargo to the Midwest and East Coast . But now , a higher proportion of freight can start to flow to East Coast and Gulf ports . In fact , this is already happening : Colliers International reported that “ for the first time since World War II , the East Coast surpassed the West in container traffic growth . Eastern ports saw traffic grow by 5.5 percent in Q1 2012 over the same quarter in 2011 , as compared with 3.0 percent in the Western ports. ” And that trend is expected to accelerate once the widened canal is open .
Many US based logisticians have been eagerly awaiting these developments . It will allow for lower cost shipments to the East Coast , allow large retailers and manufacturers to start to reconfigure their network of factories and distribution centers so that more inventory can be stored closer to East Coast population centers , will help them with their Green scorecards ( big ships have a smaller CO2 footprint per load ) , and provides their supply chains more flexibility and resiliency ( the big West Coast ports and the Intermodal facility in Chicago can become congested choke points ) .
In addition to an expanded Panama Canal , other things – global warming opening the Northwest passage , and a possible Nicaragua canal - could also push cargo to East Coast ports .
But for a couple of reasons , the shift of ocean cargo to Eastern ports is likely to be more evolutionary than revolutionary . A number of obstacles remain :
The infrastructure investments are huge - The Port of New York will spend $ 1.3 billion to raise the Bayonne Bridge 64 feet to enable clearance of the Post Panamax ships . Almost any port can expect to spend hundreds of millions in environmental impact studies , new cranes , and dredging . Further , once those investments are made , further inland investments must be made to support the port investments . These investments can include bigger freight yards , improved connections to rail heads , support for double decker rail car clearances , etc .
In fact , as large companies seek to rebalance their supply chain network , where they can position new warehouses will depend in part on the investments of major railroads to improve their intermodal capabilities . And of course , companies themselves do not reposition company owned warehouses quickly or easily .
Many ports will not get the funding they need to become Pananmax ready . The Boston Globe wrote an editorial favoring expansion of the Port of Boston , but admitted the ROI of these investments was far from an “ easy sell . ”
West Coast port economics are also improving – Four East Coast ports will be ready to handle Post Panamax ships by 2015 : Baltimore , Miami , New York and Norfolk . But four West Coast parts are already ready : Los Angeles , Long Beach , Oakland and Seattle . While Post Panamax ports will improve the costs of shipping to the East Coast , they also improve West Coast economics . The lead time versus cost tradeoff will not disappear ; Longer lead times equates to holding more inventory , and higher inventory carrying costs , to maintain the same service levels .
But perhaps the key tipping point will be whether the widened Panama Canal will lead to better backhaul opportunities for ocean carriers . Because of the trade gap with Asia , too many ships move from Asia full and then back across the Pacific far from full . Too many empty shipping containers end up in North America . If the flows were more even , ocean shipping would cost less .
Just as a widened Canal improves the economics of shipping to the East Coast from Asia , it will improve the economics of shipping from eastern Latin America to Asia . This raises the prospect of a new form of triangular trade – consumer goods from Asia to the East Coast , higher end consumer goods and pharmaceuticals from North America to South America , and coal and iron ore from Columbia , Venezuela , and Brazil to China . Such trade flows would allow for Ocean carriers to charge less for shipment to East Coast ports .
Nevertheless , the best guess is that growth of ocean cargo to the East Coast from Asia will exceed that to the West Coast , but not be dramatically larger in any given year . Still , over the course of a few decades , cargo flows could look dramatically different .
I decided to use new ingredients and get inspired by other arts for the new issue of SoGood Magazine . My vision for these projects was to cooperate with different artists , jump beyond the usual self and make my sweet creations even more visually appealing . It 's a pleasure to share with you the fruits of my new frame of mind .
I decided to experiment with various objects placed in a constrained space . At first , the idea was to pour spheres into an invisible box . However , soon after I decided to replace spheres with cherries . I liked this idea alot – the cake was supposed to look exactly like real cherries – especially after using red glaze and adding green stems and leaves . The mold for this cake was created in a new 3D modeling software which simulates interaction of objects in space . It takes into account variables like shape , material properties and gravity . We went through a huge number of iterations before we could agree on the final solution .
Inside : chocolate sponge cake , crispy layer , berry confit with LUXARDO Maraschino , cherry cremeux with Valrhona Manjari , chocolate mousse ( gluten-free recipe ) .
To be honest , I had never worked with this software before so I asked my friend for some help with modeling . His name is Andrej Pavlov and he is a parametric design artist from Ukraine who creates various geometric models for both generic design purposes and architecture .
Andrej Pavlov : “ The main principle in the development of the project was the interaction of “ subjective ” and “ objective. ” In this paradigm , “ subjective ” is a person who manages all the algorithm ( tools ) , performs edits to obtain the final result . “ Objective ” is also computational tools ( programs ) that allow the development of complex models . In this concept , the errors that a person naturally makes are not a negative factor . The key parameter for this project is the interaction of computing tools and the person at all stages of design . ”
We made several varieties of cherries poured into an invisible box and I chose the most suitable one . My role was to perfect the end result by changing the location of some cherries manually . This would help make the cake more attractive and , more importantly , allow to easily separate the mold from the cake . Once the model was ready , we printed it on the 3D printer and poured a silicone mold . It was so excited to use this new mold ! Of course , it was supposed to be a cherry cake ! You can find the recipe on the pages of the magazine : www.sogoodmagazine.com
You can buy this amazing silicone mould on my website : www.dinarakasko.com/shop/
ТОРТ ВИШНИ
Торт Вишни для нового выпуска журнала SoGood Magazine . Форма выглядит очень реалистично , для покрытия использована нейтральная глазурь и декор из изомальта . Внутри : шоколадный бисквит , хрустящий слой , вишневое конфи с LUXARDO Maraschino , вишневое кремю с Valrhona Manjari , шоколадный мусс ( рецепт без глютена ) .
Изначально идея была в том , чтобы поместить объекты в невидимый объем , а затем мы решили использовать модель вишни . Мне понравилась эта идея – торт должен был выглядеть как настоящие вишни – особенно после использования красной глазури и добавления декора , зеленых стеблей и листьев дерева вишни . Форма для этого торта была создана в Grasshopper 3D , программное обеспечение которое имитирует взаимодействие объектов в пространстве . Оно учитывает такие переменные , как форма , свойства материала и гравитация . Мы испробовали огромное количество итераций , прежде чем смогли придти к конечному решению .
Честно говоря , я никогда не работала с этой программой раньше , поэтому попросила моего друга помочь в моделировании . Его зовут Андрей Павлов , он художник-дизайнер из Украины , который создает различные геометрические модели как для общего дизайна , так и для архитектуры .
Андрей Павлов : Основным принципом в разработке проекта было взаимодействие “ субъективного ” и “ объективного ” . В этой парадигме субъективное – это человек , который управляет всем алгоритмом ( инструментами ) , вносит коррективы для получения окончательного результат . Объективное – это сами математические алгоритмы , которые позволяют разрабатывать сложные модели . В этой концепции ошибки , которые человек делает непроизвольно , не являются отрицательным фактором . Ключевым параметром для этого проекта является взаимодействие вычислительных средств и человека на всех этапах проектирования .
Мы сделали много вариантов вишен , насыпанных в невидимую коробку , и я выбрала наиболее подходящий вариант . Моя роль заключалась в том , чтобы улучшить конечный результат , изменив расположение некоторых ягод вручную . Это помогло бы сделать торт более привлекательным и , что более важно , позволить легко отделить силиконовую форму от торта . Как только модель была готова , мы напечатали ее на 3D-принтере и вылили форму . Я не могла дождаться чтобы испробовать новую форму ! Конечно , это должен был быть вишневый торт !
Вы можете приобрести эту форму у меня на сайте www.dinarakasko.com/shop/ Так же вы можете найти рецепт на страницах журнала www.sogoodmagazine.com В журнале So Good magazine есть три моих новых рецепта и интересная статься о том , как можно объединить разные виды искусства с кондитерским искусством .
Are you Using HTTPS on your Website to securely encrypt traffic ?
Well , we 'll see you in the court .
At least , that 's what CryptoPeak is saying to all big brands that utilize HTTPS on their web servers .
BIG Brands Sued for Using HTTPS : 'Patent Troll '
Texas-based company CryptoPeak Solutions LLC has filed 66 lawsuits against many big businesses in the US , claiming they have illegally used its patented encryption method – Elliptic Curve Cryptography ( ECC ) – on their HTTPS websites .
Elliptic Curve Cryptography ( ECC ) is a key exchange algorithm that is most widely used on websites secured with Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) to determine what symmetric keys are used during a session .
Encryption is on the rise after Edward Snowden made the world aware of government 's global surveillance programs . Today , many big tech and online services are using encryption to :
Protect the data transmitted to/from visitor to domain
Lessen the risk of hacking
Auto-Escrowable and Auto-Certifiable Cryptosystems , '' which the firm argues covers elliptic curve cryptography ( ECC ) . However , websites using the ECC key are now at risk of being forced to court for using the protocol . As CryptoPeak snapped up the Patent ( US Patent 6,202,150 ) that describes `` , '' which the firm argues covers elliptic curve cryptography ( ECC ) .
Either Pay or Do n't Use HTTPS
The abstract of the US Patent 6,202,150 describes the invention , which was granted in 2001 :
Companies Targeted by CryptoPeak
Some of the biggest names CryptoPeak Solutions sued include :
Yahoo
Netflix
Pinterest
AT & T
Sony
Groupon
GoPro
Etsy
Petco
Target
Costco
Home Depot
Expedia
Barnes & Noble
Multiple financial institutions and hotel chains
You can see the full list of lawsuits , which is available online here
`` Defendant has committed direct infringement by its actions that comprise using one or more sites that utilize Elliptic Curve Cryptography Cipher Suites for the Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) protocol ( the Accused Instrumentalities ) , '' according to the lawsuits .
CryptoPeak can easily be categorized as a `` Patent Troll , '' as it is still unclear if the cases will be successful or not . Since the patent describes some of the key tenets of ECC , which includes generating and publishing of public keys , not obvious corresponds directly to its implementation in HTTPS connections .
Scottrade are doing out of court settlements , `` all matters in controversy between CryptoPeak and Scottrade have been settled , in principle . '' Some companies targeted by the firm are fighting the lawsuit that seeks damages and royalties , and other likeare doing out of court settlements , saying
Netflix , one of over 60 companies being dragged to court , called CryptoKey 's lawsuit `` invalid '' from the outset and filed a case to be dismissed under FED . R. CIV . P. 12 ( B ) ( 6 ) .
`` The defect in these claims is so glaring that CryptoPeak 's only choice is to request that the court overlooks the express words of the claims , construe the claims to read out certain language , or even correct the claims , '' Netflix said ( PDF ) in a court filing .
Now , let 's see what happens next .
Mark Hollis , right , with Adreian Payne , middle and Tom Izzo , left . ( Photo11 : Al Goldis for USA TODAY )
The idea was to think young and benefit the young , so Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis went to his team of unpaid consultants : son T.R. , 21 ; daughter Katie , 19 ; and son Mike , 14 .
As the Hollis family drove to their Boyne City cabin in the fall , he asked his children this basic question : `` What would be cool for a 17- to 21-year-old who plays college basketball ? ''
COACHES POLL : Ranking the top 25 teams
Travel , big cities , historic sights , free time and , of course , world-famous NBA arenas all earned mention . All are included in a 2018 event announced today , in which the MSU men 's basketball team will join North Carolina , Florida and Texas in a three-game , eight-day barnstorming tour of New York , Chicago and Los Angeles .
`` This event is not about me , it 's not about the media , it 's not about the fans , '' said Hollis , whose past ideas include the 2003 `` BasketBowl '' at Ford Field and the 2011 MSU-UNC basketball game on an aircraft carrier near San Diego . `` This is about the student-athletes and delivering something valuable to them . ''
The matchups and times have yet to be announced , but ESPN is backing the event and will televise the games . The four teams will arrive separately in New York and take part in a doubleheader Dec. 15 at Madison Square Garden .
The next day , they 'll tour the Freedom Tower at the 9/11 memorial , visit Wall Street , see a Broadway show and fly together to Chicago on a chartered plane .
`` If you think about it , a 17-year-old at that time will have been born around the time the ( Sept. 11 , 2001 ) attacks occurred , '' Hollis said in a phone interview from Indianapolis , where he is taking part in Division I Men 's Basketball Committee meetings . `` This will be a chance to learn about an historic event . ''
Fun will be involved , as well — the Second City comedy club in Chicago is on the itinerary , with a Dec. 18 doubleheader at United Center . Disneyland , Warner Brothers Studio and the Grammy Museum are part of the Los Angeles leg , which wraps up with a Dec. 22 doubleheader at Staples Center .
Each of the four teams also will host a home game as part of this event , which will qualify it as an exempt tournament , such as the Maui Invitational or Old Spice Classic in Orlando . Such events allow teams to play more regular-season games .
`` It 's a very cool idea , '' MSU coach Tom Izzo told espn.com . `` At first , I thought it was crazy . But it 's during break , so we do n't miss anyschool . It 's three big games in a row , and with the ACC/Big Ten Challenge and other events … we could have six or seven big games . ''
Enough revenue should be made so the schools do n't have to pay for any trip expenses , Hollis said , with some profit possible depending on ticket sales at the three venues . He said Marriott hotels are giving the teams rate breaks in the three cities , and he 's `` 99 % sure '' Delta Air Lines will be providing the plane .
Hollis recently tweeted clues about this event , mentioning the Atlantic and Pacific oceans in one tweet , and the clues now make sense . As usual , he is working on other possibilities but nothing he 's ready to reveal .
He recently spoke with government officials about his long-held plan for MSU and USC to play basketball at Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens , Greece , site of the first modern Olympics . It is on the shelf for now .
`` We 're not going to push forward with pursuing that until we feel it 's totally safe , '' Hollis said .
* * *
Joe Rexrode also writes for The Detroit Free Press .
ALL THE COLLEGE BASKETBALL ACTION THIS WEEK
Getty Images
Retired NFL players are more likely to develop mild cognitive impairment ( MCI ) , a form of dementia that can lead to Alzheimer 's disease , than similarly aged men who did n't play football , report researchers in a study presented Monday at the Alzheimer 's Association International Conference in Paris .
The memory loss may be linked to the repetitive head trauma sustained by career football players , the researchers say . But unlike other types of brain damage recently associated with football-related head injury , the deficits seen in the current study can be caused by much lower-impact hits , including those that do not cause concussion .
Led by Christopher Randolph , professor of neurology at Loyola University Medical Center , the study recruited 50 former football players , who were given a standardized test for Alzheimer 's symptoms . Thirty-five percent of the participants had scores indicating some type of dementia , surprisingly high for a population that young .
( PHOTOS : Living With Alzheimer 's )
Randolph and his colleagues at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill 's Center for the Study of Retired Athletes then studied 41 of the retired players more closely , putting them through a series of tests to measure their cognitive function . The researchers compared the former players ' results to those of two other groups : a cohort of healthy controls and another cohort of patients diagnosed with MCI or early Alzheimer 's .
“ The players who were impaired looked exactly like the typical clinical MCI patient in terms of their profile , ” he says . “ That supports our hypothesis that what we are dealing with is an earlier expression of MCI or AD in these players than would be expected otherwise . ”
Randolph says he first became interested in the brain health of retired athletes when he noticed that the former players seemed to have higher rates of MCI and Alzheimer 's diagnoses than other men their age . His new study confirms that they may indeed be more likely to exhibit the symptoms of MCI — which include noticeable memory loss , language problems and other mental deficits that are severe enough to be picked up by tests , but do n't interfere with daily life — than their non-football-playing peers .
Randolph theorizes that MCI is associated with repetitive head trauma , which may , over time , slowly eat away at the brain 's so-called cognitive reserve . This refers to the store of back-up nerve cells that the brain builds up to compensate for neighboring neurons when they fail to maintain their connections . Whenever the brain is injured , such as during a blow to the head , the delicate fibers that link nerve cells to one another — the intricate networks that form the foundation of our higher-level thoughts and memories — start to tear or split apart . As more and more of the neural links are lost , the brain loses its ability to recoup as nerves die off .
( PHOTOS : My Aging Father 's Decline : A Son 's Photo Journal )
According to the latest numbers , an average college football player can expect to endure 1,300 such blows during a season ( some players , such as offensive linemen , are more likely to experience these hits ) . But it does n't take a concussion to do damage to these circuits , the researchers say ; lower-force hits still do damage . That may help be why retired NFL players exhibit signs of dementia or cognitive impairment earlier than the rest of the population .
In recent years , research has also associated football-related head trauma with the development of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE . About two dozen retired NFL players have been found to have the degenerative and incurable disease , which interferes with neural activity and causes memory loss , depression and dementia .
Randolph stresses that his results are only the first to associate playing football with a potentially greater risk of MCI . He and his team intend to follow up with a larger trial that will attempt to establish the true risk of dementia-related disorders in retired players once other factors such as hypertension , obesity and diabetes , each of which can contribute to MCI , are accounted for . The scientists will also look at genetic factors known to contribute to Alzheimer 's , to see whether they are more common among former athletes than in the general population .
In the meantime , how can we reduce harm to the brain — will helmets help ? Not in this case , says Randolph . Helmets can help prevent skull fracture , but with MCI-associated head trauma , the damage to the brain occurs inside the skull , when the force of a hit causes softer brain tissue to ram against the inside of the skull then slosh back . “ The harder the stop , the more movement you have in the brain tissue ; you stretch nerve fibers , tear fibers and bruise things , ” says Randolph . “ So helmets are not going to protect you . ”
The only way to prevent brain injury is to reduce the amount of violent contact to the head . That 's not possible during games , but it might be possible during practice . Randolph stresses that it 's still not clear whether there is an injury threshold , a point beyond which the brain has been shaken up too many times to be able to prevent MCI or Alzheimer 's . But until that data surfaces with additional studies , he says “ it 's conceivable that by changing the ways players drill in practice , we could change things . ”
Alice Park is a writer at TIME . Find her on Twitter at @ aliceparkny . You can also continue the discussion on TIME ‘ s Facebook page and on Twitter at @ TIME .
GRAPHIC : Alzheimer 's and the Brain
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Julia Carneiro watched as the mosquitoes were released
Brazilian researchers in Rio de Janeiro have released thousands of mosquitoes infected with bacteria that suppress dengue fever .
The hope is they will multiply , breed and become the majority of mosquitoes , thus reducing cases of the disease .
The initiative is part of a programme also taking place in Australia , Vietnam and Indonesia .
The intracellular bacteria , Wolbachia , being introduced can not be transmitted to humans .
The programme started in 2012 says Luciano Moreira of the Brazilian research institute Fiocruz , who is leading the project in Brazil .
`` Our teams performed weekly visits to the four neighbourhoods in Rio being targeted . Mosquitoes were analysed after collection in special traps .
`` Transparency and proper information for the households is a priority. ``
Ten thousand mosquitoes will be released each month for four months with the first release in Tubiacanga , in the north of Rio .
'Good ' bacteria
The bacterium Wolbachia is found in 60 % of insects . It acts like a vaccine for the mosquito which carries dengue , Aedes aegypti , stopping the dengue virus multiplying in its body .
Wolbachia also has an effect on reproduction . If a contaminated male fertilises the eggs of a female without the bacteria , these eggs do not turn into larvae .
If the male and female are contaminated or if only a female has the bacteria , all future generations of mosquito will carry Wolbachia .
As a result , Aedes mosquitoes with Wolbachia become predominant without researchers having to constantly release more contaminated insects .
In Australia this happened within 10 weeks on average .
The research on Wolbachia began at the University of Monash in Australia in 2008 . The researchers allowed the mosquitoes to feed on their own arms for five years because of concerns at the time Wolbachia could infect humans and domestic animals .
Three more neighbourhoods will be targeted next , and large scale studies to evaluate the effect of the strategy are planned for 2016 .
Dengue re-emerged in Brazil in 1981 after an absence of more than 20 years .
Over the next 30 years , seven million cases were reported .
Brazil leads the world in the number of dengue cases , with 3.2 million cases and 800 deaths reported in the 2009-14 period .
I was always something of a rebel but never set out to be first at anything . I 'm not the first born – I was n't the first working mother on my block – I was n't the first Masorti Jew in England or Europe . But I was the first woman president of Masorti in Europe and I am the first female president of Masorti Olami – The Worldwide Council of Conservative/Masorti synagogues .
Are we behind the times ? It seems like in North America and even in England , women are already presidents of synagogues and philanthropic organizations . I do n't think we are behind the times but rather I see myself as the successor to talented and dedicated leaders who have given their all to help the Jewish people , wherever they may live .
I do think perhaps , that we are ahead of the times . Recently , all the talk in the US has been about the Pew research study and the doom and gloom predictions for Conservative Judaism . Our past president , Rabbi Alan Silverstein has written a beautiful response to the naysayers that was published at the Times of Israel website . But Alan only spoke about the US , not other parts of the world where Masorti Judaism is growing and thriving and includes young and old alike .
Take Hungary . Hungary is not a great place to be a Jew right now , with its right wing government and echoes of Nazism . But there is in Budapest , a strong core of young Masorti Jewish adults , who run a MAROM Center , providing programs for young Jewish adults and who also founded Chir Hadash , a Masorti Kehilla . In the span of a year , the municipal government in Budapest moved the MAROM group out of the building , which also housed the kehilla , with little or no notice .
Not being people to give up , the group worked hard to bring attention to their plight and to find funding and a new place to continue their activities . With great wisdom , Masorti Jews in Budapest understand that they must work together with other minorities to secure their own rights and the rights of others . Each summer , on the banks of the Bank River , Bankito is held . A Shabbat and weekend geared toward the “ other ” and to putting in action some of our greatest Jewish values .
Moving around the globe to Argentina . In the religious world , with the election of an Argentinian Pope , Argentina has been in the spotlight . Most Jews in Argentina and in Latin America as a whole , identify themselves as Masorti/Conservative Jews . It also became known that one of the closest friends ' of the Pope is a Masorti Rabbi in Buenos Aires , Rabbi Abraham Skorka . Rabbi Skorka co-authored a book with then Archbishop Jorge Bergoglio and filmed 30 television shows with him . The book , “ On Heaven and Earth ” records their dialogue on current issues , and has served as an insight into how the Pope thinks and has been translated into more than 10 languages .
The Masorti community across Latin America thrives through active NOAM youth programs where the norm is to study in Israel for a year after graduation . One of the NOAM youth groups in Brazil even raised enough money on their own to bring Moshe Ben-Ari , a popular Israeli singer for a concert there . There are day schools , preschools , summer and winter camps , and the Seminario Rabinico Latinoamericano Marshall T. Meyer , which ordains rabbis and cantors and teaches Jewish education as well .
Back to the northern hemisphere , where in the summer of 2011 , a new Masorti/Conservative rabbi was installed at the kehila in Kiev , Ukraine . Rabbi Reuven Stamov , a product of the Masorti movement there ( especially the Ramah summer camp ) , went to Israel to study and returned to Kiev with his Israeli wife and young daughters . They started out in a small apartment that served as their educational center and shul . Recently , they moved to a bigger space due to their growth and success . The community gathers on Friday nights for services and a potluck dinner , they sponsor a professional dance troupe who performs to Jewish and Israeli music , they are learning how to read Torah and this month will hold their 2nd annual family camp .
The Masorti movement worldwide acknowledges the importance of the North American Conservative Jewish communities with whom we share a partnership and common values , as well as our involvement with Masorti Israel . We share a view of Halacha that merges tradition and modernity and support for the State of Israel , as a democratic and pluralistic state , is a central tenet of the entire movement .
Conservative/Masorti Judaism has rejuvenated itself everywhere that Jews can be found . It will continue to do so .
in a richly illustrated , large-format glossy edition : RUSSIA IN SPACE The Past Explained , the Future Explored Known specifications of the NEM module ( as of 2013 ) : Spacecraft industrial designation ( s ) 575GK , 371KK63 Launch mass 21 tons Pressurized section volume 94 cubic meters Free volume 30 cubic meters , 15 cubic meters ( for cargo ) Number of work sites 12 Solar panel area 155 square meters Power output 12 - 18 ( at the beginning of lifespan ) kilowatts Operational life span No less than 17 years , including 2 years for pre-launch processing Launch vehicle Proton-M Key dates in the development of the NEM-1 module : 2012 March 21 - April 23 : Roskosmos conducts a tender for the supply of a Proton-M rocket for the launch of the NEM-1 module . 2012 Oct. 30 : Roskosmos awards a contract for the development of the NEM-1 module to RKK Energia . 2012 Dec. 19 : RKK Energia and Roskosmos sign Contract No . 351-8324/16/341 for the development of the Proton-NEM system . 2012 Dec. 20 : RKK Energia and Roskosmos sign Contract No . 351-8640/12 for the development of the NEM-1 module . 2016 Oct. 27 : A static prototype of the pressurized compartment for the NEM module arrives from Samara to Korolev for tests planned in 2017 . 2016 Dec. 28 : A fully assembled static prototype of the NEM module shipped from RKK Energia to TsNIIMash for testing . Next chapter : Status of the NEM-1 module development in 2017
The NEM1 science and power module docks at the high-latitude space station . Click to enlarge . Copyright © 2014 Anatoly Zak A circa 2004 concept of the NEM modules was designed for launch in the cargo bay of the NASA 's Space Shuttle . Credit : RKK Energia Renderings and a 2009 scale model depicting future configuration of the International Space Station , includes a Node Module and a pair of Sciences and Power Modules at the heart of the Russian segment . Each of the modules in this configuration would be assembled of two parts ( top ) . Click to enlarge . Copyright © 2009 Anatoly Zak A scale model depicting NEM modules as of 2010 . This architecture relied on a single Proton rocket for launch . Click to enlarge . Copyright © 2010 Anatoly Zak Design of the NEM module circa 2011. Credit : RKK Energia Design of the NEM module circa 2012. Notable are larger ( three-fold ) solar panels than those in the 2011 version of the design showing two-fold arrays . Credit : RKK Energia The NEM module circa 2016. Credit : RKK Energia A simulator of the NEM module under assembly at the trainer development contractor in Novocherkassk . An early full-scale prototype of the interior of the NEM module in 2013 . The new version of the mockup was under construction in 2014 . Click to enlarge . Credit : Mark Serov Aerodynamic testing at the beginning of 2014 of a custom-built payload fairing intended to protect the NEM module during launch on a Proton rocket . Credit : TsAGI A prototype of the NEM module intended for static testing at RKK Energia in 2016. Credit : RKK Energia A Proton rocket configured to carry NEM module . Credit : RKK Energia A NEM module was still shown as a part of the Russian Segment of the International Space Station during the November 2018 meeting at RKK Energia chaired by Head of Roskosmos Dmitry Rogozin . Credit : RKK Energia
A disabled veteran was attacked in the heart of downtown Cleveland , becoming the latest victim of the nationwide knockout game in which predominantly black teenagers assault unsuspecting citizens with punches to the face and head .
“ What they were saying was , ‘ Knock that boy out ! ' ” U.S. Army veteran Matthew Robinson said . “ ‘ White boy . ' ‘ Cracker . ' They were saying , ‘ Knock that white boy out . ' ”
Robinson was attacked , robbed , and taunted with racial slurs . According to CBS affiliate WOIO , the alleged perpetrators videotaped the incident .
Matthew , who is attending college , was riding a bus when the incident occurred and is helping Cleveland police identify his attackers . Six to eight teens surrounded him on the bus , followed him off , and started attacking him . The “ punks ” scattered when the police showed up .
“ The whole time I 'm just thinking pretty much just protect yourself and do n't let anybody get behind you . Nobody stepped in to help , ” Robinson told CBS . According to WOIO , mobs of teens have been a problem in a city square , leading to a surfeit of police in order to take back the square . Last month , an African-American teen was brutally beaten .
“ No one should have to deal with this kind of racism and ridicule , ” Robinson further remarked . Robinson wants punishment for the perpetrators and to have his story be a warning to the people of Cleveland to stay on guard .
“ I think there should be jail time for assault . I mean who is to say that your mother or your sister could n't be on the bus and the same thing could happen , ” the veteran added . So far , police have found three of the alleged perpetrators , two males , 18 and 19-years old , and a 16-year old girl with a video of the attack on her phone .
Cato 's David Boaz has a great column about the mutual threats to freedom posed by the philosophies of the left and the right :
[ D ] espite [ America 's ] heritage of freedom , we 've always got the Hillarys and the Huckabees and the other people who think they could run our lives better than we can . The Huckabees on the right continue to resist the cultural changes of the 1960s , and the Hillarys on the left continue to resist the economic changes of the 1980s .
The “ Huckabees ” want to censor cable television because they do n't think you can be trusted to decide what your family should watch . They support bans on drugs , pornography , gambling and violent video games because you just do n't know what 's good for you . They want prayer in the schools and sound science out . They want to subsidize heterosexual marriage and ban gay marriage . They want government to take the place of God and stamp out sin on earth . Former Sen. Rick Santorum , a classic Huckabee , complains about “ this whole idea of personal autonomy , … this idea that people should be left alone . ”
The “ Hillarys , ” meanwhile , want to raise taxes because they think they can spend your money more wisely than you can . They do n't believe in school choice because you do n't know how to choose a school for your children . They think they can handle your retirement savings and health care better than you can . They think , as Hillary Clinton has advocated , that the government should produce video lectures on how to burp a baby and how to brush your teeth and have them “ running continuously in doctors ' offices , clinics , hospitals , motor vehicle offices , or any other place where people gather and have to wait . ”
The Huckabees want to be your daddy , telling you what to do and what not to do . The Hillarys want to be your mommy , feeding you , tucking you in and setting your curfew . But the proper role for the government of a free society is to treat adults as adults , responsible for making their own decisions and accepting the consequences . And the good news is that mostly we do that .
Portland , Oregon ( CNN ) In this stereotyped mecca of liberal idealism lies a deep-seated subculture that just recently shocked the country : the white supremacist movement in Portland .
Not long ago , that phrase might have seemed oxymoronic . But a recent triple stabbing has cast a spotlight on the city 's tensions between the alt-right and the alt-left .
`` Portland has a long history of a battle between the right and the left , '' said Randy Blazak , a professor of criminology at the University of Oregon .
It 's a long-simmering conflict that heated up after President Donald Trump 's election . And experts say Portland -- like other liberal hotbeds -- could see more conflict in the months to come .
'You call it terrorism , I call it patriotism '
The most recent feud played out both inside and outside a hearing for slaying suspect Jeremy Joseph Christian
Christian is accused of fatally stabbing two men who tried to protect two African-American girls , including one wearing a hijab , on a Portland light-rail train .
`` Go home , we need American here ! '' Christian shouted at the girls , according to a probable cause affidavit . `` I do n't care if you are ISIS . ''
On Tuesday , Christian had barely entered the courtroom when he started shouting in his blue jail uniform .
`` Free speech or die , Portland ! '' Christian bellowed . `` ... Death to the enemies of America . ... You call it terrorism , I call it patriotism . You hear me ? Die . ''
JUST WATCHED Portland attack survivor feels 'very fortunate ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Portland attack survivor feels 'very fortunate ' 01:08
Just outside the courtroom , vitriol flew from the other direction .
One man identified himself as a friend of Christian 's and was instantly met with profanity from some supporters of the victims .
`` F * cking Nazi , you 're a fascist ! '' one person shouted at the man .
`` I bled for my race , '' he replied , as he tightened the red shoelaces on his boots .
Red shoelaces have historically been used by racist skinheads `` to identify themselves as white power skinheads , '' the Anti-Defamation League said .
It 's not clear what the man meant when he said he bled for his race . Sheriff 's deputies escorted him out before any more trouble erupted .
It 's far from the first time Portland has been linked to Nazi extremism .
Flashback to 1988 murder
At the Portland metro station where bloody victims emerged last week , mourners wrote messages in chalk to honor those killed .
One message stirred memories of another gruesome murder : `` Remember Mulugeta Seraw . ''
A message in front of Portland 's Hollywood metro station honors murder victim Mulugeta Seraw .
`` The murder of Mulugeta Seraw really put Portland on the map for all the wrong reasons , '' said Blazak , who is also chairman of the Oregon Coalition Against Hate Crimes .
Seraw , an Ethiopian immigrant , was bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat by a group of Portland skinheads in 1988 .
`` This city had a wake-up call , '' Blazak said . `` It was kind of a sleepy , progressive city where we recycled everything . And then all of a sudden we had these roving gangs with Nazi skinheads attacking -- and in this case killing -- an immigrant . ''
'Skinhead City '
Skinheads had been known to recruit from the heavily white states of Oregon , Washington and Idaho -- part of a `` Northwest Imperative , '' The Oregonian reported .
And in the years following Seraw 's death , Portland gained the unsavory nickname of `` Skinhead City . ''
`` We became famous in the 1990s as 'Skinhead City ' because of the rival gangs of right-wing racist skinheads and anti-racist skinheads who are doing physical battle in the streets , '' Blazak said .
Last week 's deadly train incident `` is kind of the latest manifestation of that , '' he said .
Protests on the rise since the election
In recent years , Portland has enjoyed a reputation as a friendly , peace-loving , quirky city -- an image further fueled by its portrayal in the IFC comedy `` Portlandia . ''
But conflicts have escalated in recent months , Portland Police Chief Mike Marshman said .
JUST WATCHED Girl targeted on Portland train speaks out Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Girl targeted on Portland train speaks out 01:22
`` With the election of President Trump , I think our protest activity -- the number of events we have -- has increased , '' he said .
`` That 's problematic for me only because that takes more money to have those events go safely . I have to pull officers and detectives from their normal day-to-day activity , so certain crimes just now are n't getting investigated , or the investigations that are being worked on just take longer to work through the investigative process . ''
In the two days after Trump 's inauguration , protesters caused about $ 1 million in damage , Marshman said .
Blazak , the Oregon criminology professor , said Portlanders are known to be passionate about politics .
`` There is kind of a radical history in this town and in this region on both sides of the political spectrum , '' he said .
So who are the alt-right and alt-left ?
The terms are relatively new , but the concepts are not .
For years , the alt-right has existed in the cyberworld , `` but now they 're kind of spilling over into the streets , '' Blazek said .
JUST WATCHED Suspect ranted on train one day before attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Suspect ranted on train one day before attack 00:45
`` They 're disaffected with mainstream conservative speech , ( but ) they do n't want to be associated with overt white supremacist neo-Nazi groups , and they want to express anti-immigration views , anti-multicultural views , economic protectionism . ''
He said alt-right protesters are typically `` moderate-income working-class white males who are left out of the globalization and ... feel left out of all the progress that 's happening , '' the professor said .
`` And they want to assert their voice because they feel like the tendency is to defer to the minority voice , and they feel like they 're not part of the conversation . ''
By contrast , the alt-left -- also known as the Antifa -- is bent on stopping the rise of right-wing groups .
`` The Antifa is n't a group , it 's an idea . It stands for 'antifascist , ' `` said Ryan Lenz of the Southern Poverty Law Center . `` They frequently engage in violence to make their point . ''
He cited a 2012 case in which alt-left activists `` walked into a high-end restaurant in Chicago where a white supremacist group was eating and literally beat them up with baseball bats . ''
Blazak said the recent train killings , combined with political rhetoric , portends `` a long , hot summer in Portland as these groups kind of line up against each other . ''
What 's next for 'bastions of liberalism '
It might seem self-defeating for right-wing activists , and especially alt-right activists , to try to make headway in traditionally liberal hot spots like Portland and Berkeley , California .
Recent planned visits by Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter to the University of California , Berkeley , were met with protests , including some that turned violent
Blazak said he 's not surprised alt-right members are trying to raise their profiles in such cities .
`` There 's this mantle of free speech that they 're hanging their hats on , '' he said .
`` Under the first amendment , they have a right to express themselves ... but it 's used in a very provocative way to bring out the opposition and essentially martyr themselves in these street battles between the left and the right and to show themselves as almost the victims of the oppressive left-wing regime . ''
JUST WATCHED Alt-right leader punched during interview Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Alt-right leader punched during interview 00:42
But Joey Gibson , organizer of the group Patriot Prayer USA , said his group 's planned rally in Portland on Sunday is `` really not about provoking , it 's about fighting for your right to assembly and to show what you believe in . ''
Gibson said he 's libertarian and not alt-right . He said one of his goals is to help `` turn a blue state into a red state . ''
That could be a huge challenge .
`` Portland is as left as you can get , '' said Lenz of the Southern Poverty Law Center .
He said what 's happening with the alt-right in Portland is actually reflective of what 's happening across the country .
`` What the alt-right is trying to do is they are going into these bastions of liberalism and hoping and willing to engage in physical conflict with counterprotesters , '' he said .
`` The story is n't an Oregon thing . It 's a national story . ''
While seasonal adjustment is generally considered uninteresting , the repetition of low first quarter GDP releases since 2010 has led many to wonder if a predictable seasonal pattern remains in the published data . The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis is investigating the issue and will report on its findings in July .
What 's at stake : While seasonal adjustment is generally considered uninteresting , the repetition of low first quarter GDP releases since 2010 has led many to wonder if a predictable seasonal pattern remains in the published data . The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis is investigating the issue and will report on its findings in July .
Jeffrey Miron and Joseph Beaulieu write that traditionally macroeconomists regarded seasonal fluctuations as inherently uninteresting . Economists at S.F . Fed write that the raison d'être of seasonal adjustment is to remove fluctuations in economic data that repeat at the same time and in the same fashion every year in order to reveal underlying cyclical and trend movements in the economy . Seasonally adjusted GDP estimates strip out recurring weather or holiday patterns that affect economic activity and make it much easier to observe that underlying nominal GDP growth .
Martin Sandbu writes that the poor first-quarter growth results for the US caused a great deal of consternation . The official first estimate came in at only 0.06 per cent growth , or about 0.25 per cent annualized . That was much , much worse than the 0.6 to 0.7 average forecast .
Source : S.F . Fed
Justin Wolfers writes that the pattern of weak first-quarter growth has occurred so often that it has led some economists to ask whether there 's a problem in how the government calculates its G.D.P . numbers . It 's happening now . It happened in the first quarter of last year . And it happened in 2010 , 2011 and 2012 . Tom Stark writes that from 1985 to the present , half of the slowest intra-year quarterly growth rates occurred in the first quarter , and six of the 10 slowest growth rates over the entire period happened in a first quarter .
Source : Barclays
Economists at S.F . Fed write that this regular , calendar-based statistical pattern is a puzzle because the BEA seasonally adjusts the GDP data to remove such fluctuations . First-quarter seasonally adjusted real GDP growth should not be consistently higher or lower than growth in any other quarter .
The BEA bottom-up approach to seasonal adjustment
The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis writes that despite regular reviews and updates , changes in seasonal patterns can sometimes lead to ‘ residual seasonality'—that is , the manifestation of seasonal patterns in data that have already been seasonally adjusted .
The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis writes that there are several reasons that residual seasonality might arise from its methodology :
1 . After the detailed , individual components of GDP are seasonally adjusted , BEA aggregates the seasonally adjusted components to obtain total GDP . In some cases , seasonal patterns may emerge in the aggregate estimates that were not apparent in the individual components .
2 . In some cases , the source data may be seasonally adjusted at monthly frequency , but in aggregating to quarterly frequency , seasonal patterns may emerge that were not apparent in the monthly data .
3 . In some cases , the current-dollar values and prices may be independently seasonally adjusted , then the values are deflated ( divided by the price ) to obtain estimates of real expenditures . Seasonal patterns sometimes emerge in the deflated estimates that were not apparent in the current-dollar values and prices .
Economists at the Federal Reserve Board write that residual seasonality is only one of many explanations – such as statistical noise , unusually harsh weather , and other idiosyncratic factors – that might lead one to discount some of the weak first-quarter GDP growth . Jason Furman writes that weak first-quarter growth partially reflects generally worsening weather over the past decade , which may not yet be accounted for in seasonal-adjustment algorithms .
Tyler Cowen wonders if this seasonal contraction interacts with the real economy in a different way than before the Great Recession . Perhaps negative economic momentum , even when expected , chills other drivers of economic activity more than it used to . This could arise from complementarities , increasingly important thick market externalities , signal extraction problems combined with greater fearfulness , or perhaps it is revealing information about the fragility of risk premia .
Residual seasonality and GDP components
Justin Wolfers writes that the puzzle of the first-quarter slump seems to be confined only to G.D.P . There is no indication of similar problems affecting the seasonal patterns of other economic indicators . For instance , an alternative ( seasonally adjusted ) measure of economic growth called gross domestic income has not recorded an unusual number of first-quarter slumps . Likewise , there is no systematic difference in the quarterly pattern of seasonally adjusted growth in nonfarm payrolls .
FT Alphaville reports that economists at Barclays suggest that this statistical artifact disproportionately affects the figures for non-oil construction , exports , and defense procurement . Ever since the start of 2010 , spending in these categories has consistently collapsed in the first three months of the year only to rebound in the subsequent nine months .
Dealing with residual seasonality
Tom Stark writes that analysts have discussed a number of responses to what appear to be first-quarter effects in the BEA 's estimates for real GDP growth . Dawsey and Mischaikow ( 2015 ) prefer to construct an activity measure comprised of components that do not suffer from a first quarter effect . However , some analysts question the existence of a statistically significant first quarter effect ( Edgerton ( 2015 ) ) , while others ( Boldin and Wright ( 2015 ) ) advocate weather-adjusting the data because they think severe weather in first quarters may affect the data in ways not captured by the BEA 's seasonal adjustment procedures . Stark focuses , instead , on the benefits of using signal extraction techniques for estimating real GDP growth , one example of which is the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia 's GDPplus estimates .
Economists at S.F . Fed applied a second seasonal adjustment to the BEA 's seasonally adjusted real GDP series to remove the residual seasonality in aggregate GDP . This second seasonal adjustment operates directly on data at an aggregate level and can be a useful supplement to the BEA 's bottom-up seasonal adjustment procedure that uses only disaggregated data . The application of second-round seasonal adjustment increases real GDP growth in the first quarter of 2015 from its initial published value of 0.2 % to 1.8 % . Taking this correction at face value , real GDP growth in the first quarter was stronger and much closer to the economy 's sustainable rate of trend growth .
SRINAGAR : Jammu and Kashmir high court quashed cases under the Public Safety Act ( PSA ) against three foreigners—two Pakistanis and a Saudi national – who were facing trial for alleged involvement in terrorist activities.Zubai Talha Zarar , a Pakistani national was facing trial for his alleged involvement in the Police Public School encounter that took place in March 2013 . The authorities had slapped PSA on him which was quashed by the court on June 4.His lawyer argued that such act can not be slapped against him because of his nationality , reports said.The court said , `` There is nothing on record to suggest that detainee at any time made an application for his enlargement of bail or any of his alleged accomplices was let of on bail . `` The court further stated that Zarar can approach the trial court in case he fears that he may be moved from where he is presently interred.Advocate Mir Shafqat is fighting the case for getting the three foreigners released . The Saudi national , Noor-ul-Haque , was arrested in 2008 and was similarly placed under detention under the PSA.The court in its 4th June judgment quashed the order and directed that arrangement may be made for his deportation within eight weeks . Another Pakistani national Asgar Ali got similar respite from the court when cases against him were also quashed , Shafqat said .
Tampa Bay Lightning general manager Steve Yzerman says Jonathan Drouin 's agent is n't telling the truth .
The GM denied Thursday a claim made by Allan Walsh one day earlier , suggesting he and Drouin were told a trade was imminent , according to Joe Smith of the Tampa Bay Times .
Related : Lightning suspend Drouin for failing to report to AHL game
Walsh issued a statement Wednesday , minutes after Drouin was suspended indefinitely , claiming , `` A few days ago , the Tampa Bay Lightning advised that a trade involving Jonathan was moving closer to completion . ''
Yzerman responded Thursday , according to Lightning reporter Michelle Gingras , saying : `` It 's obviously not the position we envisioned , but for various reasons , here we are and we 'll deal with it . ''
The GM insisted nothing has changed and said he still plans to do what 's best for the Lightning , adding he wo n't be coerced into making a deal .
Yzerman reiterates a deal will be made when it benefits the # TBLightning and team wo n't be pressured into making a trade . — Bryan Burns ( @ BBurnsNHL ) January 21 , 2016
Yzerman said the timeline for Drouin 's NHL return changed when Walsh went public with his client 's trade request .
The agent claimed Wednesday that he and Drouin proposed the winger abstain from playing further AHL games and restrict his ice time to practices in order to prevent an injury that would squash a deal , but the Lightning rejected the request .
`` There is no reason for Jonathan to continue with the Tampa Bay Lightning organization in any capacity , '' Walsh wrote Wednesday , adding that no further comment would come from Drouin 's camp as they await a trade .
SM Entertainment is being accused of plagiarizing EXO 's recent teaser video after a Swedish graphic designer noted that they have used graphics by him and two other graphic designers without permission .
Graphic designer Erik Söderberg recently shared a post , which was originally started by the user orisonofkyungsoo on December 5 , that points out the similarities on his Tumblr . The post shows a comparison between graphic art by Erik Söderberg and two other international designers – Carlo Vega and Alexander Nusic – and graphics that appear on EXO 's teaser video titled “ EXO 2015 COMING SOON. ” The teaser video first aired during the 2014 Mnet Asian Music Awards on December 3 , and was uploaded on YouTube soon after the live broadcast .
Currently , the original teaser video on SMTOWN ‘ s account can not be accessed “ due to a copyright claim by eriksoderberg.se . ”
The video can still be found on other YouTube channels , however .
SM Entertainment has yet to respond to the accusations .
UPDATE :
A Twitter user recently asked Erik Söderberg why he blocked EXO 's video , to which the designer responded that the video contains work used without permission , and that while he and “ at least one more artist ” contacted SM , he ended up having to contact YouTube directly when no action was taken by the agency . Overall , the exchange remained extremely pleasant , the Twitter use thanking Erik Söderberg , who in turn apologizes if he upset any EXO fans .
Source ( 1 )
last modified : 03/25/2007 02:06 pm
Making ssh/scp aware of location on laptops .
~/.ssh/config is nice - I have a bunch of hosts and options aliased there . The problem is that depending on which network I 'm on I might need to connect to a given host externally with one configuration , or internally . It would be nice to have the computer figure out which configuration it should use instead of making me do the work .
I futzed around with scripting a wrapper for ssh/scp that would be smart about how it connected based on my wlan location , but finally figured out a way to do it transparently - without using other commands , having multiple aliases for the same machine , or changing usage in any way .
First , for each network I want custom settings for , I make a copy of ~/.ssh/config as ~/.ssh/ < name of network > and edit the entries for the machines that are different on that network .
Next , I have a shell script that figures out where I am , and if there is a config file for that network in ~.ssh/ . If there is , it spits out the name of the network/filename , else it simply prints `` config '' . I called that script lan . The script looks something like this on my Mac with airport :
/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Apple80211.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/airport -I | awk ' / SSID/ { for ( i=2 ; i < =NF ; i++ ) ssid=ssid $ i `` `` ; sub ( / * $ / , '' '' , ssid ) } END { if ( ssid ) { print ssid } else { print `` config '' } } '
On Linux , something like this should work :
/sbin/iwconfig | awk ' /ESSID/ { if ( $ NF ~ /ESSID : / ) { split ( $ NF , a , '' \ '' '' ) ; if ( a [ 2 ] ) ssid=a [ 2 ] } } END { if ( ssid ) { print ssid } else { print `` config '' } } '
Finally , I have a couple of functions in my .bashrc , that look like this :
function ssh { /usr/bin/ssh -F ~/.ssh/ '' $ ( lan ) '' $ * } function scp { /usr/bin/scp -F ~/.ssh/ '' $ ( lan ) '' $ * }
The full path to the ssh/scp executable is necessary so the functions do n't just call themselves over and over again , and $ ( lan ) returns the output of the lan script . Now , ssh/scp will transparently use the correct config file for all commands .
Scarabaeus satyrus is one of the Old World dung beetle species . These beetles roll a ball of dung for some distance from where it was deposited , and bury it , excavating an underground chamber to house it . An egg is then laid in the ball , the growing larva feeding on the dung , pupating , and eventually emerging as an adult .
Navigation [ edit ]
In a study by Marie Dacke published in the journal Current Biology , it is reported that researchers have found that beetles of this species use the bright glow from the Milky Way to navigate during night-time operations . Vertebrates such as humans , birds and seals are known to navigate in this way , but this could be the first insect found to do the same . Previous experiments showed that these beetles are able to steer by light from the Sun , the Moon , and polarised light emanating from these light sources . It was their ability to stay on course on clear moonless nights that puzzled researchers . Beetles were taken into the Johannesburg Planetarium where the appearance of the apparent sky could be controlled . To ensure that they were not using cues on the horizon , they were placed in a container with blackened walls . The beetles navigated best when exposed to a clear starry sky , but managed equally well when only the diffuse band of the Milky Way Galaxy was visible . It is undoubted that many other animals make use of similar techniques , some frogs , bats , moths and spiders being likely candidates . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
On Sunday , Americans will commemorate the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks . In the years since this national tragedy , Donald Trump has landed in a handful of 9/11-related controversies . Here 's a look back :
He falsely said “ thousands and thousands ” of Muslims in Jersey City cheered the destruction of the Twin Towers . “ I watched in Jersey City , New Jersey , where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down , ” Trump claimed at a rally last November , and refused to back down after the comments sparked a firestorm . “ There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey , where you have large Arab populations , ” he told ABC 's George Stephanopoulos the next day . Trump also insisted , falsely , that it was “ well covered at the time . ”
The claim was actually a conspiracy theory that had no evidence or reports backing it up . Trump himself had made no mention of celebration at the time . Media outlets that fact-checked the claim , including the Washington Post and the Newark Star-Ledger , could find only isolated , unverified reports that small celebrations might have taken place . “ There is no media record . There is no police record . There is nothing , ” Jersey City 's mayor , Steven Fulop , told the Star-Ledger .
He claimed he saw people jumping from the World Trade Center from his Midtown apartment . “ I witnessed it , I watched that , ” Trump said at a rally in Columbus , Ohio , last November . “ I have a view , a view in my apartment that was specifically aimed at the World Trade Center . ”
As CNN pointed out , Trump 's apartment in Trump Tower is located more than four miles from the World Trade Center , making this claim dubious at best .
He got $ 150,000 in economic recovery aid for small businesses for his building at 40 Wall Street . Trump was one of many big names who got recovery funds after the attack from a New York state agency called the Empire State Development Corporation . Trump 's building fit the criteria for aid : It was south of Manhattan 's 14th Street , had suffered economic harm from the attacks , and employed fewer than 500 people . But the last condition was controversial . The New York Daily News found in 2006 that the program had “ ignored the federal definition of a small business and adopted a much looser standard . The ESDC used employee counts…to determine whether applicants were small businesses . Federal law requires that the size category of the types of businesses most common in lower Manhattan—finance , insurance , real estate , and law firms—be determined based on annual revenue . ”
Local politicians fumed about the aid money to the Daily News earlier this year , and Rep. Jarrod Nadler ( D-N.Y. ) , whose district includes the World Trade Center , issued an open letter demanding that Trump return the money . “ On behalf of the countless New York citizens and businesses who worked so hard to heal after the terrorist attacks of September 11th , 2001 , I have a simple question : When do you plan on returning the taxpayer money that was designated to ease the suffering of our city 's small business owners ? ” Nadler wrote in May .
He did give an eloquent defense of New York 's response to 9/11 . When Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) attacked what he called “ New York values ” during a Republican debate in January , Trump responded with a defense of the city 's spirit in recovering and rebuilding after the World Trade Center collapsed . “ We rebuilt downtown Manhattan , and everybody in the world watched , ” Trump said to applause , “ and everybody in the world loved New York and loved New Yorkers . ”
On the other hand…Trump ignored pleas to help 9/11 first responders pass the reauthorization of the James Zadroga Act , the law that set up a health care fund for the police , firefighters , and other rescue workers . Several other candidates had backed the reauthorization , but Trump remained silent despite receiving “ multiple letters and calls requesting his support ” from Citizens for the Extension of the James Zadroga Act , according to ABC . “ Talk is cheap , ” Rich Alles , one of the group 's board members , told ABC . “ I 'm mortified that he can stand in front of the nation…and wrap himself in the flag . ”
But , as Mother Jones ‘ David Corn reported in April , Trump somehow escaped widespread criticism for dodging the issue , even during the New York primary .
The latest efforts to implement a new address system in South Korea have led to widespread protest , notably from the police , firemen , and taxi drivers who rely on addresses to function . Until recently , the South Korean address system involved a complex system of lot numbers , made simpler by specifying the building 's neighborhood , or ‘ dong ' name and including landmarks . Lot number addresses , while difficult to find in theory , were very easy to locate thanks to advanced GPS and navigation systems in cars , taxis , and smart phones .
Netizens have criticized the effort to have the same address system as the majority of countries worldwide , drawing sharp distinctions between the old system that fit Korea 's apartment complexes and the new “ American-style address system ” . Since 2011 , the government has been phasing in the new street name addresses . Starting in 2014 , the South Korean government has made its new street name address system official . All public offices and institutions are required to use the new addresses , and buildings now all sport a new address sign . Since many people have largely ignored the new address system for various reasons , the sudden change has caused confusion throughout the entire country .
Article from Yonhap :
Mass confusion on the first working day of the new year due to new address system
– Firefighters , police , wandering around streets – expect delays as they adjust .
The new so-called ‘ street name and building number ' address system has begun to be used in earnest at the start of the new year . Confusion can be felt everywhere on the first working day of the year , the 2nd of January .
Since having been implemented , the new addresses have not yet been added to navigation systems . For the past two days taxi drivers have had trouble finding their way , and dispatched police and firefighters are taking longer to reach the scene due to difficulty determining the location . The new street name system is also confusing many local residents .
Those who spend a lot of time navigating the streets , taxi drivers and delivery people , are the first to complain of difficulty with the new system .
‘ Before , if someone told me whichever neighborhood it was , I had a pretty good idea of where to go . But it 's hard to get a feeling for where it is just by knowing the street name . ' says taxi driver , Kim ( 38 ) , adding , ‘ Navigation systems also have not added the new street addresses , making it hard work for us . '
Taxi driver , Lee ( 48 ) remarks , ‘ Every day we give hundreds of rides , so looking up each and every address is difficult . ' Adding , “ It 's a really big deal since we have to re-learn every address right down to the smallest alleyway , ' he said with a sigh .
It is even worse for firefighters and police responding to urgent calls .
One firefighter from the Gwangjin district fire department said ‘ Navigation systems ca n't properly recognize the new addresses , since the most important part of the address , the ‘ dong ' [ neighborhood ] , is missing . It leads us down the completely wrong route . You ca n't afford to waste time , so when you wander around searching for the address , you might miss the chance to save a life , ' he explains , adding ‘ Fire and emergency response centers still receive dispatches based on the old address system . '
One police detective stated , ‘ If we input a street name , hundreds of similar addresses come up . Due to this we first input the old style address into the navigation system to get to the general area , then we change to the new street address to find the location . It 's getting to be a cumbersome task . '
Real estate agencies are also sharing in the confusion , which arises when making contracts for the sale or rental of properties . Buildings display the existing lot number but the leasing agent must write the building 's street name address .
The owner of a real estate business , Ms. Yu ( 42 ) says that , ‘ Since we have to know both the old and new addresses , it 's easy to confuse them . We are doing our best to study the directory that was distributed by the municipal office . '
Although the government has spent years promoting the new address system , many people who have not yet grown accustomed to the new addresses have complained of their inconvenience .
32-year old Kim , who lives in Hyunjeo-dong , Seodaemun district in Seoul complains that , ‘ When I wanted to order something online , it seemed like dozens of addresses from all over the country were displayed when I entered the new so-called “ street ” name . To keep having to check over and over takes so much time . '
Looking to get residence papers , civil documents , and the like , a man in his sixties visited the Gwanak-gu district office . Since he does not know his new address , he has to check with an employee before he is able to receive his papers .
Upon hearing the news that from now on the new street addresses must be used whenever dealing with a public institution , the man laughed as he explained that , “ It 's awkward getting rid of addresses we 've used for so many years and writing new ones . Of course I can get used to it , but it might take a while . ”
Comments from Naver :
cksk * * * * :
But why in the world .. ? ? Were the addresses we already had so inconvenient ?
noon * * * * :
To spend billions of won for this , they should 've at least made the street names suitable for Korea 's situation . Making American style addresses – it 's making everything so inconvenient , tsk tsk .
skwh * * * * :
This policy is just garbage .
미투데이 샤르첸 :
This is much worse than when they changed all the sidewalks for no reason .
nama * * * * :
It works only when all of the buildings are arranged like a checkerboard .
hyen * * * * :
Just waste 400 billion and go back to the old address system , it 's easier .
lees * * * * :
In the United States they have separate houses , so even if you look at one street there are only 10 homes . But in Korea there are a lot of apartment complexes , so on one street there could be thousands of homes . It 's a very inefficient system . I think that in a place like Korea with such high land prices , where people live mostly in apartments , a lot number address is more efficient than a street name address .
sjan * * * * :
Police officers and 119 [ first responders ] will be blamed for being late . If you have that much budget , spend it for paying debts , government .
nama * * * * :
Delivery people , police officers , and firefighters do n't like it .
sang * * * * :
It 's not too late . I wo n't even blame anyone , just go back to the way it was before .
sssu * * * * :
They are just copying foreign countries – it 's useless and will probably be a waste… Everyone 's confused ! So annoyed…
ght8 * * * * :
Let 's at least write the neighborhood and village names that we used to use . Like this : Seoul-si Yeongdeungpo-gu Yeouido-dong 00 street 72-5 . At least , you should help them guess to find a location . There are a lot of different locations with the same 00 street names .
sang * * * * :
Who the heck is this for ?
sevi * * * * :
They should 've changed it after making more preparations . So inconvenient .
rlac * * * * :
What the hell… The old system was not inconvenient at all .
kjom * * * * :
Is this really something that should be changed ?
tyki * * * * :
We should find out who that idiotic government workers are who pushed this street address idea through . That guy should get fired .
love * * * * :
I knew this already . I predicted it . Everyone gets confused over the addresses . They suddenly changed the addresses and why would it not cause confusion ? Even I 'm lost… hell , what about my penpal ! !
skyk * * * * :
Whichever city hall employee who thought of this is just the biggest idiot ever . Should get sued , for real… what are you even doing ? To the address system we 've been using well…So when there are two or three streets right next to each other inside of an apartment complex , they 'll all have different addresses ? ? This really pisses me off . And you also have to get the direction right going down a street , adding in each little alleyway , right ? Just because it 's not your money , you should n't go around using it for this nonsense . We could be using this money to make more public kindergartens or resolve other issues for citizens . City halls and town halls are all empty by 5:30 PM .
khug * * * * :
TOKYO , Oct. 30 -- Prime Minister Taro Aso moved Thursday to shelter Japanese taxpayers from global financial turmoil -- and to put off a national election that polls suggest could toss him and his ruling party out of power .
Aso , who has been in office a little more than five weeks , unveiled a sweeping stimulus package crammed with crowd-pleasing attributes , including a proposal to dispense $ 20 billion among all the households in the country . Under the plan , a family of four can expect a $ 600 check .
The package -- worth about $ 275 billion , of which $ 50 billion would come from new spending -- would give large tax breaks to holders of home mortgages , extend tax cuts on capital gains , lower highway tolls and give loans to small businesses .
Even with the stimulus package , Aso said , `` it will take three years for the Japanese economy to fully cure itself . ''
`` The most important thing is to allay concerns about people 's livelihoods , '' the prime minister said , adding that the world economy is being pounded by a `` once-in-a-100-years storm '' that originated in the United States .
More than any of the world 's major economic powers , export-dependent Japan has been hurt by that storm . As of last Monday , its stock market had fallen to a 26-year low , although it has bounced back sharply in the past three days . Exports to the United States , which are the source of most of Japan 's growth , have plunged . Industrial output has fallen for three straight quarters .
Economists said Aso 's package may well soften the worst effects of the financial crisis and add about half a percentage point of growth to next year 's gross national product .
Aso 's speech , however , was about more than economics .
He made it clear that he would not soon dissolve parliament and call a national election , as the opposition Democratic Party of Japan is demanding . `` The overwhelming majority of the public wants economic measures more than politics , '' he said .
When Aso , 68 , became prime minister in September , chosen not by voters , but by his peers in the ruling Liberal Democratic Party , he hinted broadly that he would call an election soon . By law , a national election must be held by next September .
Aso 's approval numbers have since slipped from the mid-40s to the mid-30s , presenting a grave threat to a ruling party that has run Japan as more or less a one-party state since World War II .
Voters now have a viable alternative . The Liberal Democratic Party is being challenged -- and mocked -- as never before by the Democratic Party , which easily won control of the upper house of parliament in an election last year .
The Rockets are in advanced talks on a cap-clearing trade of forward Thomas Robinson , with a deal potentially “ imminent , ” a person with knowledge of their plans said on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers and Chicago Bulls have shown interest in Robinson , according to another individual with knowledge of the Rockets efforts to move Robinson 's $ 3.5 million salary next season . The Bulls may be interested in Robinson as part of a larger deal , the individual said .
San Antonio had been interested in Robinson but the teams are not in talks about a deal . It would be difficult for the Spurs to make any sort of deal for Robinson directly with the Rockets and would likely have to add a third team in a larger deal .
The Rockets would want to move Robinson without bringing back corresponding salary to clear enough cap room to offer a max contract in free agency next month . They would have to clear roughly the equivalent of Robinson 's contract next season to have enough cap room to offer Dwight Howard his maximum salary .
There are 16 teams with the cap room , trade exceptions or non-guaranteed contracts needed to make such a deal without sending the Rockets corresponding salaries .
The Cavaliers can make that kind of deal with some of their available cap room . In addition to their own pick , the Cavaliers have the 19th pick and two second-round picks before the Rockets ' selection with the 34th pick .
The Bulls are over the cap , but have a trade exception that is large enough to make a deal that will expire next month . The Bulls have the 20th pick in the draft .
The Spurs have only their own pick , the 28th pick overall , in Thursday 's first round and would not seem to have a way to make such a trade possible directly with the Rockets .
If the Rockets move into the first round in Thursday 's draft , they could select an international prospect that would assure that he would stay overseas next season , allowing them to not use cap space with the pick . They could seek a future pick with the 2014 draft class expected to be unusually strong .
The Rockets could move two of their three rookies last season that were drafted in the first round to clear the cap room necessary , but would rather have to trade one of their prospects than two . The deal to acquire Robinson was made in part because of a belief that he would be easier to deal than Patrick Patterson or a combination of last season 's rookies .
The Rockets also could opt to make a cap-clearing deal next month if it becomes necessary and according to a person familiar with their thinking , would prefer to keep Robinson until the cap room is necessary to sign Howard . There have been indications , however , that teams have been more receptive to deals before the draft in order to be able to consider the acquisition when making their draft choices .
ive been bi-polar all my life .
altho i dont KNOW , i dont think the guy could have actually pulled the trigger on anybody .
it takes a special kind of person to do that .
but it really just takes a poor little depressed dude to SAY things like that .
it was hella stupid on his part to say things like that , especially using the VA killings to add a bit more shock value to the whole thing . if the guy said things like that , then the guy was obviously in a hell of a low .
i know how these go . things seem absolutely hopeless ... you get `` despair attacks '' where maybe for the span of one night , things looks like theyll never get better . you say things . you do things . you regret them . i pitty the poor * * * * er that he got mixed up with this VA mess . it wasnt alright of him to pull that shit , and i cant blame the girl for being freaked out and calling the cops . but oh boy , what bad timing .
also , most of you are all * * * * ing jerks .
imagine being a pudgy jewish kid with googley eyes and what seems like somekind of mild mental illness ... imagine being ridiculed on the internet because you dared put together an earnest little review show . it has to SUCK to be this guy . suck HARD .
one of the bigger challenges of being bi-polar is damage control . or atleast trying not to say and do those things you KNOW you shouldnt do . but sometimes you cant help yourself , you * * * * up hardcore and you get in that kind of trouble .
Workers at the Lactalis/Parmalat dairy factory in Echuca , in Australia 's Victoria state , have been locked out since January 18 in a dispute over outsourcing and the use of temporary workers .
Parmalat , which is majority-owned by the French-based Lactalis , bought the plant from Fonterra in February 2016 and negotiations to renew the enterprise agreement began in July . The company initially proposed a 9 percent wage increase over the next 3 years for existing workers on condition that all newly-hired workers would be paid 20 percent less than existing employees . Management dropped this demand in the face of union resistance but now seeks to contract out services and employ more temporary workers . Union members at the plant , members of the IUF-affiliated AMWU and the electrician 's union ETU , unanimously rejected the employer proposals and announced a 4-hour strike . The company responded by shutting down operations , locking out the workers and declaring the site would not reopen until the dispute was resolved .
The workers are maintaining a round-the-clock protest camp outside the factory . During the recent heatwave when temperatures soared above 40 degrees Celsius , the company cut off access to water at the camp site . The workers are getting strong community support and a local water carrier has provided a water tanker for maintaining essential needs at the protest camp .
CLICK HERE TO SEND A MESSAGE to the company , calling on it to immediately lift the lockout and enter into negotiations for a fair agreement which does not discriminate against new employees .
Photo by JoshMcConnell via Flickr
The good news : Los Angeles does n't have the absolute worst traffic in America . The bad news : Um , we have the second-worst traffic in America .
While we have no one but ourselves to blame for this second-place honor , we have the work of researchers at Texas A & M University and their Urban Mobility Report to thank .
For years ( and years and years ) Los Angeles ranked number one when it came to what the report calls Annual Delay . That figure , as the report explains means :
A yearly sum of all the per-trip delays for those persons who travel in the peak period ( 6 to 10 a.m. and 3 to 7 p.m. ) . This measure illustrates the effect of the per-mile congestion as well as the length of each trip .
The current report covers 1982 to 2011 , and from 1982 to 2007 , L.A. ranked first when it came to `` Annual Delay . '' We 've dropped to second place since , falling behind our nation 's capital , Washington D.C .
The report takes a look at how much time we spend—or waste—in traffic . One of the measurements is the Planning Time Index ( PTI ) , which looks at how much extra time is needed to make it to `` higher priority events , '' in our lives , which can range widely across the nation , from just a few extra minutes to three hours .
In L.A. the average driver in 2011 experienced a yearly delay of 61 hours , and an excess use of 27 gallons of gas . That 's a lot of time , and money ( and audio books ) .
Angelenos , do n't be disheartened amidst all this cold hard bumper-to-bumper data . The report says traffic can be improved , it 's just going to take a lot of work , innovation , support , funding , and flexibility . You know , the stuff Los Angeles really excels at . ( Eye roll , deep sigh . )
Researchers say that the most effective way to address traffic congestion varies from one urban area to another , but that in all cases , a multi-faceted approach should be used , relying on more efficient traffic management and public transportation in addition to new construction . Travel options such as flexible work hours and telecommuting should also be part of the mix .
Good luck out there in the lanes , commuters !
There are all sorts of arguments against an unconditional , universal basic income — that is , the idea of giving everyone a minimum income regardless of whether they work , whether they 're disabled , or whether they 're poor . The problem with these arguments is that the only one that actually stands up to reality is , “ I do n't like it . ”
Whether it 's in industrialized nations like Canada and the UK , or poorer countries like India and Namibia , experiments with a basic income have challenged fears that it will lead to a culture of dependence , an unsustainable drop in employment , or do anything at all to destroy or kill an economy whatsoever . When given free money unconditionally , time and time again , the results have shown that the only people who quit their jobs are people like students , single mothers , or other people who have better uses of their time than being employed .
There is no catastrophic disincentive to work , or incentive to be lazy , like basic income opponents predict . Everyone does not start sitting around at home . People who are able to work and keep society running continue to do so . The economy does not collapse . The fears of doom-and-gloom just flat-out do n't happen .
Every day , the arguments against alleviating poverty and inequality by just giving everybody money sounds more and more like arguments used against same-sex marriage . It will lead to bestiality . It will be bad for the children . Heterosexual couples will stop getting married . Cats and dogs living together , mass hysteria . None of these things happen . They 're weak attempts to rationalize the argument that , “ I just think it 's wrong . ”
For opponents of basic income , there is no evidence on their side . Their arguments come entirely from the fact that they believe that giving people money for nothing is icky . They do n't want to live in a world where anybody can make a comfortable living without having to break their back doing work if they do n't want to . They 're not afraid of any real , existing consequences . They just think it 's wrong .
But they 're never going to admit that . When the debate is framed like that — is it right or wrong for everyone to have food , shelter , and security ; is it right or wrong for everyone to be free to choose what work they do — it 's no longer a debate they can win .
Advertisement
Video footage shows the charred remains of London 's famous Camden Lock Market after 70 firefighters battled to control a huge blaze which was like something from a 'disaster movie ' .
The whole floor inside the building has been destroyed and fire investigators have now moved in to sift through the aftermath of last night 's inferno .
The flames burned high and produced a dramatic plume of smoke which billowed into the sky late on Sunday night leaving some of the north London market damaged .
This morning the extent of the fire became evident with broken windows seen on the upper floors of the building which caught alight .
Scroll down for video
Video footage taken today show that the whole floor has been destroyed following the blaze which took place in Camden last night
The roof has collapsed and there is debris scattered across the ground after the huge blaze which witnesses described as something from a 'disaster movie '
Fire investigators have moved in to sift through the aftermath of last night 's 'huge blaze ' at London 's Camden Lock Market
The cause of the fire - which is thought to have affected dozens of traders - is still under investigation and an investigation team was on site all morning
Crowds gathering on streets below today to catch a glimpse of the scene could also see charred beams and crumbling brickwork .
The cause of the fire - which is thought to have affected dozens of traders - is still under investigation and an investigation team was on site all morning .
Firefighters started removing dozens of leather bags from inside the building and piling them up in the street behind a cordon .
Peter Wolfenden , a station manager for the London Fire Brigade , said firefighters saved the front of the building , but the back of the building was now 'all charcoal ' .
He said : 'The back half is totally destroyed , it 's all charcoal . The front half is 50 % damaged by fire and 50 % smoke damaged . We managed to partially save the front . The firefighters did a first class job . '
Mr Wolfenden added that the fire 's size was due to the building 's use as stalls .
He said : 'That gives it a very , very high fire load , so any fire starting in there would have a large amount of fuel to burn . '
Numerous fire service vehicles were seen parked up in the area this morning as they rushed to the scene to assess the damage
It is just 12 hours since the building went up in flames creating scenes that are said to have looked like something from a 'disaster movie '
London Fire Brigade was called just before midnight after concerned onlookers noticed the famous indoor site go up in flames
Ten fire engines and 70 firefighters tackled the huge blaze at Camden Lock Market in the capital which started late last night
Terrified witnesses 'burst into tears ' after watching the firefighters battle the blaze last night .
Giant smoke clouds could be seen for miles across the capital and fire engines rushed to tackle the blaze just before midnight on Sunday .
People who saw the inferno feared the building would explode at any moment because a number of kitchens and restaurants were nearby .
Others described the 'crazy , crazy scenes ' and one teenager said the blaze was 'like a disaster movie ' .
The cause of the fire - which is thought to have affected dozens of traders - is still under investigation and an investigation team was on site all morning
Firefighters started removing dozens of leather bags from inside the building and piling them up in the street behind a cordon
Peter Wolfenden , a station manager for the London Fire Brigade , said firefighters saved the front of the building , but the back of the building was now 'all charcoal '
Mr Wolfenden said : 'The back half is totally destroyed , it 's all charcoal . The front half is 50 % damaged by fire and 50 % smoke damaged . We managed to partially save the front . The firefighters did a first class job '
The fire service said it is too early to say where the fire started or whether anyone has been injured .
Part of Camden High Street was blocked off while crews battled to get the fire under control with members of the public are urged to stay clear of the area .
James Brown , 19 , told the Evening Standard : 'It was like a disaster movie happening in front of your eyes .
'It was an awful thing to see , I was in tears . Everyone is praying there was no one was inside . '
Mr Wolfenden added that the fire 's size was due to the building 's use as stalls
London Fire Brigade station manager Mr Wolfenden said : 'That gives it a very , very high fire load , so any fire starting in there would have a large amount of fuel to burn . '
The fire is thought to have affected dozens of the market 's traders although many have reopned this morning
Two firefighters are pictured on the scene today as their colleagues survey the damage inside
Traders praised the emergency services for their quick response in tackling the fire . Pictured are a police officer and firefighter surveying the incident at the scene in Camden this morning
Crew rushed to the 'crazy ' scene and managed to get the large-scale fire under control
The aftermath of the fire could be seen this morning with the building left gutted by the inferno
The fire happened at Camden Lock which is popular with tourists visiting London
The building 's roof has totally vanished after being burned down in the blaze
Speaking to MailOnline , a spokesman for London Fire Brigade said they had no increased the numbers of firefighters on the ground .
Witness Joan Ribes , 24 , said : ' I was just passing by when I saw the fire and they started to get firefighters and police , it was all very fast .
'We called the police to close the street to the traffic because it was very dangerous , the fire was flying through the air to the surrounding areas .
'The fire was moving very fast . People were watching , but we were scared the building could explode at any time since there are restaurants with kitchens nearby . '
Another onlooker said : 'Just drove past Camden market and there 's a huge fire on top a building , close to the Lock Bridge ! Crazy crazy scenes . '
It is understood around 30 per cent of the first , second , and third floors , and a third of the roof of the 30 by 40 metre building , was damaged by the fire , which was brought under control by around 2.50am .
Fire crews were still at the scene in Camden , north London , on Monday morning following the blaze last night
Police cordoned off the area close to where the fire broke out just before midnight on Sunday
Seventy firefighters battled a huge blaze at London 's famous Camden Lock Market ( pictured )
Station manager David Reid , who was at the scene , said : 'Crews worked hard to get the fire under control and to stop it from spreading to neighbouring buildings . '
It is the second time in recent years that the north London market has been hit by a serious blaze .
In February 2008 the Camden Canal Market was destroyed by an inferno that wrecked several local landmarks and put the waterside market out of action for 15 months .
The area sees an estimated 28 million visitors a year , with crowds drawn to the area by the shopping , entertainment and nightlife on offer .
Onlooker Lisa Harden told MailOnline : ' I was in the Elephants Head pub when I saw the sky glowing so went to investigate and got the video but was unable to get any closer . '
Footage posted on social media showed flames shooting into the sky while firefighters sprayed water through windows .
Residents in the local area took to social media to express their concerns after being woken up to the sound of sirens shortly before midnight
A firefighter was photographed climbing onto the roof to help tackle the blaze from a height
Another witness tweeted : 'On a night bus I just passed the start of a big fire in Camden ... I 've seen lots of ambulances head north . '
So far there have not been any reports of injuries from the blaze and it is understood all people at the building have been accounted for .
A London Ambulance Service spokeswoman said : 'We were called at 00.07 today ( 10th July ) to reports of a fire at Camden Lock Market .
'We sent a clinical team leader and our Hazardous Area Response Team ( HART ) to the scene .
'We have not treated any patients , and we remain at the scene . '
The Metropolitan Police said it had also been called to the incident and officers were remaining in the area .
LFB said the cause of the fire is under investigation and its crews will remain at the scene during the morning to damp down hot spots .
Firefighters rushed to the scene to battle the blaze which was eventually brought under control at 2.50am
Onlookers staring up at the suddenly-orange sky above Camden this morning shortly after the fire broke out
A spokesman for London Fire Brigade said a further two engines had been sent down to the site
Residents in the local area took to social media to express their concerns after being woken up to the sound of sirens shortly before midnight .
One man wrote : 'Christ . It did occur to me following Grenfell that Camden Stables Market was a fire risk . I hope everyone is okay . '
While another person wrote : 'Stay safe Camden , just seen about the fire at the market . '
Joshua Zitser‏ wrote to Twitter : 'Praying nobody is hurt in the fire . Also thinking of those poor stall owners who will lose stock and months of business . Devastating . '
And a woman said : ' I have always been the biggest supporter of the London Fire Brigade and tonight is no different . They are working hard to put this fire out in Camden . '
Just days ago Camden councillor Georgina Gould tweeted that enhanced fire checks were being carried out in tower blocks across the area following the Grenfell Tower tragedy .
The Camden blaze was another challenge for the brigade after the June 14 Grenfell Tower fire that killed at least 80 .
Witness Joan Ribes , 24 , said : ' I was just passing by when I saw the fire and they started to get firefighters and police , it was all very fast '
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - In a rare move , a U.S. judge held Argentina in contempt on Monday , saying the country is taking “ illegal ” steps to evade his orders in a longstanding dispute with hedge funds over defaulted debt .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry ( L ) and Argentina 's Foreign Minister Hector Timerman attend a High-Level Dialogue on Combating Violence Targeting LGBT at the United Nations headquarters in New York September 25 , 2014 . REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
A source at Argentina 's central bank nevertheless said the country plans to deposit an interest payment at a local bank on Tuesday , in direct defiance of U.S. District Judge Thomas Griesa 's admonitions .
Griesa , who has overseen the litigation in New York for years , put off a decision on imposing sanctions on the South American country , which defaulted in July for the second time in 12 years after failing to reach a deal with the hedge funds .
But Griesa issued a clear warning that the country must stop efforts to get around his rulings by making payments in Argentina .
“ These proposed steps are illegal and can not be carried out , ” Griesa said , his voice rising , during a court hearing in lower Manhattan .
Those steps , he said , include legislation Argentina passed that would allow it to replace Bank of New York Mellon Corp ( BK.N ) as trustee for some restructured debt with Banco de la Nacion Fideicomiso while allowing a swap of that debt for bonds payable in Argentina under its local laws .
Despite his ruling , Argentina plans to deposit an interest payment of at least $ 200 million with Banco de la Nacion Fideicomiso on Tuesday , the central bank source said .
The developments followed a familiar pattern in the litigation , in which Griesa criticizes Argentina for disobeying his orders and Argentine officials defiantly continue to do so . They also underscored the uncertain impact of a contempt ruling on a foreign government .
Argentina missed a bond coupon payment in late July after Griesa ruled it could not be made unless the country also paid more than $ 1.3 billion to a group of U.S. funds that rejected previous bond restructurings and are demanding full repayment , led by Elliott Management Corp 's NML Capital Ltd and Aurelius Capital Management .
Despite the interest payment scheduled for Tuesday , it is far from clear the country will be able to locate bondholders in order to pay them .
Instead , the payment may allow Argentina to continue to maintain it has made its payments as required and is therefore not in default . Argentine officials have made a similar argument since Griesa blocked Bank of New York from processing a $ 539 million payment Argentina deposited in June .
NML did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the Reuters report regarding Tuesday 's interest payment .
Griesa 's decision to hold a foreign government in civil contempt of court is a rare but not unprecedented move . In typical cases , U.S. judges can hold parties in contempt and issue sanctions in order to force compliance with their orders .
The hedge funds had proposed a daily fine of $ 50,000 .
However , Argentina might simply ignore any monetary sanction , the hedge funds conceded in court . In that case , said Robert Cohen , a lawyer for the hedge funds , Griesa could consider non-monetary sanctions that would coerce Argentina into compliance .
Cohen did not indicate what those sanctions could be . They might , for instance , include barring Argentina from doing business with U.S. banks , though such a ruling would likely engender fresh litigation over whether Griesa has the authority to do so .
Griesa has called on Argentina to reach a settlement with the holdouts , appointing a mediator to oversee talks that have thus far been unsuccessful .
Carmine Boccuzzi , a lawyer for Argentina , told Griesa during the hearing that a contempt order was “ legally inappropriate ” and “ would just make things worse . ”
Griesa did not set a specific schedule to consider sanctions .
Its quite a week for news about cops smelling pot . The Washington State Supreme Court ruled this morning that an officer was unjustified when he arrested a car passenger after smelling marijuana . On behalf of the unanimous court , Justice Charles W. Johnson wrote :
Each individual possesses the right to privacy , meaning that person has the right to be left alone by police unless there is probable cause based on objective facts that the person is committing a crime . This probable because requirement is derived from the language of the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution , which provides , “ [ t ] he right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause … . ” Our state constitution similarly protects our right to privacy in article I , section 7 , stating , “ [ n ] o person shall be disturbed in his private affairs , or his home invaded , without authority of law . ”
We hold that the smell of marijuana in the general area where an individual is located is insufficient , without more , to support probable cause for arrest .
We are happy to announce the release of Qt Creator 3.5 beta1 .
In this release we added highlights to the editor scroll bar , which allow you to quickly see where bookmarks , breakpoints , and search results are located in your document .
If you are working with C++ , you 'll be happy to find many fixes for our code model . The Clang-based model backend received a major refactoring : We moved the actual work into a separate process , which should make us safer from bugs in Clang itself . Also , our binary packages got upgraded to use Clang 3.6 .
On the Qt Quick side I have to notify you that we removed support for Qt Quick 1 , from Qt Quick Designer . We also removed the Qt Quick 1 wizards , and support for profiling with V8 . The visual designer for Qt Quick 2 , the code editor for Qt Quick 1 and 2 , and profiling of Qt Quick 2 from Qt 5.2 and later and of Qt Quick 1 are not affected .
We also removed support for BlackBerry 10 development , lacking a maintainer . QNX development is not affected by this .
There have been many changes for Android support , including fixes for Android M and 64bit . On OS X we added a locator filter that uses Spotlight as a backend for finding files on your whole file system . For CMake projects we added support for file targets when they are explicitly specified in the generated CodeBlocks file . There were many more feature additions and bug fixes . Please have a look at our changes file if you are interested in more .
You find the opensource version on the Qt download page , and Enterprise packages on the Qt Account Portal . Please post issues in our bug tracker . You can also find us on IRC on # qt-creator on irc.freenode.net , and on the Qt Creator mailing list .
Do you like this ? Share it
By Tony Clifford
For MarylandReporter.com
In the next few weeks , Gov . Larry Hogan has a chance to secure a big win for our state 's economy and cleaner air .
The pioneering Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) , which has already helped slash carbon pollution from Maryland power plants by more than 40 % and is a key pillar in our state 's plan to address climate change , is undergoing a review .
Maryland is a founding member of RGGI , the nation 's first carbon pollution permits trading market , which requires power plant owners to meet a regional carbon emissions cap by moving to cleaner technologies or buying and trading an ever-decreasing amount of pollution permits for sale .
Maryland and eight other mid-Atlantic and Northeast states participate in RGGI , which was launched in 2009 . Gov . Hogan and the other RGGI state governors are negotiating the terms of this carbon market out to 2030 .
Decision soon
They are expected to decide in the coming weeks how much more they want to reduce power plant emissions in the coming years .
By supporting the strongest RGGI carbon cap on the table – an emissions cut of 3 % per year , with an extra turbo boost at the start – rather than the weakest , Maryland could help cut 99 million more tons of carbon pollution , while generating an additional $ 718 million in auction revenues that can be directed toward other clean energy programs that cut Marylanders ' utility bills and create new jobs .
Supported in poll
Marylanders have made clear that they support RGGI and want to see an even stronger program moving forward . According to a 2016 poll , more than 8 in 10 Marylanders support doubling the program 's annual carbon pollution cuts to 5 % annually , even stronger than what the RGGI states have been considering .
Avoiding power plant pollution through RGGI is smart economics , saves money , and protects our health . RGGI generates money for state programs by requiring polluters to buy emissions permit at quarterly auctions .
Since 2009 , Maryland has invested its share of the RGGI auction proceeds into numerous popular and successful programs , including funding for local communities to adopt energy efficient and renewable energy technologies ; incentives for cleaner and more fuel efficient vehicles ; residential , commercial , industrial , and agricultural energy efficiency ; and energy bill assistance for low-income families .
Jobs and savings
These investments have helped contribute 3,845 years of full-time work in the state , have helped grow the state 's economy by more than $ 340 million , and are saving Marylanders $ 457 million on their energy bills so far .
For every dollar in RGGI revenues that Maryland and the other RGGI states have invested thus far , consumers are expected to save three dollars in avoided energy costs . That 's a great return .
A stronger RGGI pollution cap would provide even more funding for Maryland to support initiatives that save the state 's households and companies money , making our state even more attractive to businesses .
Reducing power plant emissions also has significant health benefits . In fact , a recent report estimates that , by cutting pollution like soot and smog alongside carbon , RGGI has prevented more than 1,000 asthma attacks and at least 36 deaths in Maryland since 2009 .
Climate change
Importantly , RGGI is also helping address climate change . Greenhouse gas emissions fuel storms and floods , extreme heat , saltwater intrusion from rising seas , and ecosystem degradation that could threaten Maryland 's fish and shellfish and tourism industries .
The last three years were the hottest on record . Thus far , 2017 has ranked as the second-hottest year on record globally . Unfortunately , it will only get worse unless we cut the pollution being pumped into our atmosphere here in Maryland and worldwide .
Recent history suggests Gov . Hogan should be open to strengthening the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative . In 2016 , the governor signed bipartisan legislation establishing an ambitious 2030 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target for our state . This was a big win for Maryland , but to achieve that target we also need to strengthen RGGI .
By leading boldly on RGGI and pushing for the strongest possible emissions reductions , the governor can protect Maryland 's citizens , economy , and natural resources while securing major benefits for Maryland families and businesses .
Let 's hope he can help persuade the other eight governors that a tighter pollution cap benefits all of us .
Tony Clifford is the chief development officer at Standard Solar , Inc. , based in Rockville .
CINCINNATI ( Reuters ) - Hundreds of U.S. immigration agents raided the Koch Foods Inc. chicken plant in Fairfield , Ohio , and arrested more than 160 employees as part of a criminal operation against illegal immigrants , Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) said on Tuesday .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents in an undated photo . Immigration and Customs Enforcement said it raided the Koch Foods Inc. chicken plant in Fairfield , Ohio , on Tuesday as part of a criminal operation against illegal immigrants employed at the plant . REUTERS/Handout
“ As of 2:45 p.m. ( EDT ) more than 180 Koch employees have been identified for further questioning and more than 160 have been administratively arrested for immigration violations , ” ICE special agent in charge Brian Moskowitz told a news conference in Cincinnati .
Moskowitz said employees faced a range of charges including illegal reentry to the United States , identity theft , document fraud , social security fraud and forgery . Koch Foods was being investigated for federal crimes including encouraging , inducing or harboring illegal aliens .
ICE said in a statement the raid by more than 300 agents was “ part of a two-year , ongoing ICE investigation based on evidence that Koch Foods may have knowingly hired illegal aliens at its poultry processing and packaging facility . ”
The raid at Koch Foods , which produces chicken for export , food service and retail markets , began at 10 a.m. EDT . Moskowitz said simultaneous search warrants were executed at the plant near Cincinnati and Koch 's Chicago headquarters .
Calls to Koch Foods , based in the Chicago suburb of Park Ridge , Illinois , were unanswered . Koch Foods is not affiliated with Wichita , Kansas , -based Koch Industries , the largest private company in the United States , a Koch Industries spokeswoman said .
Tim Bachman , development services director for the city of Fairfield , said the plant employs about 500 workers .
This month the Bush administration said it would increase scrutiny and impose heftier fines on U.S. businesses that employ illegal immigrants . The administration had lobbied Congress unsuccessfully for an overhaul of immigration laws .
The raid was the latest targeting businesses employing illegal workers . In December 2006 , hundreds of employees were detained in raids at Swift & Co. meat plants in six states , part of a probe into identity theft involving illegal immigrants .
Many U.S. meat industry workers are immigrants , mainly Hispanics .
Butler County Sheriff Richard Jones , one of the country 's most outspoken opponents of illegal immigration , has lobbied Washington for better enforcement and deportation of undocumented workers .
“ I 've been saying for 2-1/2 years ‘ We 're coming , ... do n't hire illegals , do n't violate the law , ' ” Jones told the news conference . “ I personally have no sympathy for you whatsoever , None . Zero . ”
A handful of protesters shouting “ this is an outrage ” tried to disrupt the news conference .
“ These are working people , these are family people , they are keeping our economy growing . They should not be arrested . What 's happening to their children ? ” said Dan LaBotz , carrying a sign reading “ Stop the attack on immigrant families . ”
Immigration advocates in Cincinnati said the force used during the raids was terrifying the local community , including U.S.-born children who fear their immigrant parents will be taken away .
“ I got a call from one woman this morning and her husband was just picked up at the chicken processing plant , ” said Shelly Jarrett Bromberg , director of the Butler County Community Alliance .
She said officials believe raids “ will send back others through fear . The children do n't understand and are now going home and asking if they 're going to be arrested . ”
ICE said those who had been detained would be taken to a processing facility in the Cincinnati area and procedures to remove them from the United States would begin . But it noted that some may be released for humanitarian reasons — for example , the sole caregiver to children .
Liverpool transfer target Christian Pulisic made his first appearance of the season in Borussia Dortmund 's 6-0 win over Legia Warsaw on Wednesday night .
Reds manager Jurgen Klopp has identified Pulisic as a long-term option in the transfer market , with an £11 million summer bid rejected in August .
Klopp is intending to return with another bid for the 17-year-old , likely next summer , though his fortunes with Dortmund may sway this .
In his first outing for Dortmund in 2016/17 , Pulisic started on the right flank in their Champions League group stage victory over Legia at the Polish Army Stadium .
This marked Legia 's return to the group stage following a 21-year absence , though Dortmund did n't play up to the occasion .
Thomas Tuchel deployed Pulisic in a strong forward line , alongside summer signings Ousmane Dembele , Mario Gotze and Raphael Guerreiro , behind Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang up front .
In an emphatic attacking display , Dortmund dominated throughout , with Pulisic growing in confidence from kickoff .
The teenager made three key passes , the second-most of any player , and contributed heavily to Dortmund 's pressing game , looking to defend from the front throughout .
With Dortmund 4-0 up with 15 minutes to play , Pulisic laid on his side 's fifth of the night , setting up Gonzalo Castro with a perfectly weighted , left-footed cross from the edge of the six-yard area .
That this was Pulisic 's first appearance of the season for Dortmund could have indicated a peripheral role under Tuchel in 2016/17 .
This , in turn , could boost Liverpool 's hopes of convincing him to leave the Westfalenstadion in the near future , with his current contract set to expire in 2018 .
However , this is largely due to his involvement with the United States , becoming their youngest player to score in a World Cup qualifier , with Tuchel explaining last week that this had made selecting him “ harder . ”
“ He started preseason late as a 17-year-old . This makes being selected for the match day squad harder , ” he told reporters .
“ We are delighted that Christian is that successful for the United States . ”
Nevertheless , Tuchel emphasised that the gap in quality turning out for the USMNT and Dortmund is vast , saying “ if you play against Trinidad , it 's not like you have the right to play Bayern in the Super Cup . ”
“ We 'd like to think that he stays sensible . We 've already trusted him last season , ” he continued .
“ Because he deserved it and not so we can pat ourselves on the back . The trust is there . ”
Yesterday , University of Toronto Professor David Hulchanski summarized the link between Monday 's election results and the increasing socioeconomic divisions in Toronto that he has been studying for years . While John Tory and Olivia Chow were elected in wards that have significantly higher socio-economic status and less ethno-cultural diversity than those that backed Doug Ford . There are other stories that can be found when the preliminary data ( official results have not yet been released by the City of Toront0 ) is analysed . Voter turnout increased across the city , and there are corners of the city in which “ Ford Nation ” remains strong , a symptom of a disturbing trend discussed by Hulchanski .
Drilling down
Most maps published of the results of Monday 's municipal election ( all showing the support for the Mayor of Toronto ) so far have shown how each ward voted for mayor . So far , most maps , like the one above , have illustrated which mayoral candidate won a plurality of voters in each ward , few show the margin of each ward 's “ win. ” The map below shows the margin of votes of each ward , and tells a better story . One can see that Doug Ford 's support was strongest in the northeastern and ( especially the ) northwestern corners of the city , and John Tory 's support strongest in four wealthier Midtown wards . Downtown , the number of votes for Tory is softened by support for Olivia Chow , in North York and southern Etobicoke , by support for Doug Ford .
Results of 2014 mayoral election by ward
In 2010 , Rob Ford won the mayoral race with 47.1 percent of all votes , and a plurality of votes in 31 of Toronto 's 44 wards , and a majority in 24 of those wards . George Smitherman , the early front-runner , got 35.6 percent of the vote and won the remaining 13 wards , and a majority only in 6 of those . Councillor Joe Pantalone , the standard-bearer of the left , got 11.7 percent of the vote and only managed to place second in Ward 19 , the ward that he represented at City Council for many years . The 13 wards that chose Smitherman form an inverted “ T ” on a map – similar to the boundaries of the old , pre-amalgamation City of Toronto . ( See map below . )
The polarized electorate is very much evident on both maps that show the margin of each candidate 's success in each ward . In 2010 , 19 wards selected Rob Ford over George Smitherman by margins higher than 50 percent . With the exception of Wards 25 , 26 , 29 , and 31 , every ward located mostly outside the old City of Toronto voted for Ford by at least a 25 percent margin . The “ Downtown ” Wards 19 , 20 , 27 , 28 , and 30 selected Smitherman by margins over 50 percent .
Results of 2010 mayoral election by ward
In 2014 , the map changed . John Tory was the first choice of voters in half – 22 of 44 – of all wards . Doug Ford came in first in 19 wards and Olivia Chow first in three . But the northeastern and ( especially the ) northwestern suburbs stubbornly stuck with the Fords . In 12 wards , Doug Ford got more votes than his brother did in 2010 ( not completely unexpected given the increased voter turnout ) . In five of those wards – Wards 1 , 7 , 8 , 9 , and 42 – the percentage of votes for mayor increased for Doug Ford over Rob Ford , in defiance of the prevailing mood of most of Toronto .
John Tory , the newly elected mayor of Toronto , has his geographic base of support in Midtown Toronto – the leafy neighbourhoods between Bathurst Street and the Don Valley Parkway and between Bloor Street and Highway 401 . This contrasts to 6 wards in northern Etobicoke , Downsview , and York South-Weston , where Tory could not even win 20 percent of the vote . This – the last bastion of the Ford Family 's power base – is a large part of the city that desperately needs to be united with the rest of Toronto – economically , socially and politically .
Percentage of votes for mayor-elect John Tory by ward
Voter Turnout
In 2014 , voter turnout was 60.3 percent , the highest in the history of the amalgamated City of Toronto , and a significant increase from the 2010 figure of 50.6 . The highest turnouts were in Wards 30 and 32 , both featuring high-profile council races ; the lowest turnout was found in Ward 41 , in northern Scarborough , where incumbent Chin Lee was easily re-elected . The second map shows the change in voter turnout in 2014 versus 2010 – while every ward saw more voters heading to the polls , those in wards that voted for Tory or Chow generally saw the highest increase in voter turnout .
Voter turnout in municipal elections is an interest of mine . A recent study written for the Maytree Foundation , by Ryerson professor Myer Siemiatycki and myself , examined voter turnout in the 2003 , 2006 and 2010 municipal elections . It found connections between high concentrations of immigrant and visible minority populations and lower voter turnout ( with interesting exceptions , such as in Thorncliffe Park ) . Desmond Cole wrote an excellent summary of this study in Torontoist last week . The overall increase in voter turnout is encouraging , but the same patterns of high and low voter engagement identified in that study appear to persist .
Voter turnout by ward , 2014
Change in voter turnout by ward , 2010 to 2014
Cindy Hale , an ecologist at the University of Minnesota , answers e-mails from a lot of distraught citizens of the Great Lakes region . The residents , it seems , have introduced certain earthworms into their gardens , she says , “ and now they 've got that ‘ nothing grows here syndrome . ' ”
Long considered a gardener 's friend , earthworms can loosen and aerate the soil . But the story is different in the Great Lakes region . The last Ice Age wiped out native earthworms 10,000 years ago , and ever since the Northeast forest has evolved without the crawlers , Hale says . But now earthworms are back , a product of fishers who toss their worms into the forest , of off-road vehicles and lumber trucks that carry them in the treads of their tires , and of people who bring in mulch—and any worms that might be in it—from other areas .
As invasive creatures , the earth­worms wreak the most havoc with hardwood forests , such as those consisting of maple , basswood , red oak , poplar or birch species . ( Conifer-dominated forests seem to experience less dramatic impacts . ) According to Peter Groffman , a microbial ecologist at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook , N.Y. , northern hardwood forests have relied on thick layers of leaf litter that serve as a rooting medium . The earth­worms , Groffman reports , “ come into an area with a thick organic mat , and two to five years later that layer is gone . ”
As a result , some northern hardwood forests that once had a lush understory now have but a single species of native herb and virtually no tree seedlings . Evidently , earthworms change the forest soils from a fungal to a bacterial-dominated system , which speeds up the conversion of leaf detritus to mineral compounds and thereby potentially robs plants of organic nutrients .
Not all foreign earthworms are destructive . Of the 5,000 species around the globe , only about 16 of the European and Asian varieties do the real damage . One of them is the night crawler ( Lumbricus terrestris ) , a popular fish bait that can measure up to 15 to 20 centimeters ( six to eight inches ) . Another is the Alabama jumper ( Amynthas agrestis ) —also known as the snake worm or crazy worm—an aggressive Asian worm that lives at high densities and can literally jump off the ground or out of a bait can , according to fishing lore . A voracious eater , it does the most harm to the soil .
The presence of the earthworms affects more than just the plants . John Maerz , a wildlife ecologist at the University of Georgia , says that adult salamanders that consume these earthworms are more successful at reproduction but that earthworms are too big for juvenile salamanders to eat , which leads to a net loss in salamander numbers . The amphibians themselves , Maerz notes , are an important prey species for “ snakes , small mammals , turkeys and a host of forest creatures . ”
Once established , earthworms are impossible to remove from the environment , Hale says . Concerned about their impact , the U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded Hale and her fellow biologists a three-year , $ 397,500 grant to study the ecology of the earthworm invasions in cold-temperate hardwood forests . The scientists also hope to answer questions about nutrient and carbon cycling—including whether the earthworm activity helps to sequester carbon in the soil or releases it back into the atmosphere . “ The jury is still out on this issue , ” Hale explains .
Researchers agree that the best hope is to contain the worms , which spread only five to 10 meters a year on their own . That may mean new regulations governing off-road vehicles , bait disposal by anglers , or equipment hygiene and use in the logging industry . Hale would like to control community mulch piles as well : “ I remember when I first heard about them , I thought , what a great idea , but think about it . You take leaves , weed seeds and earthworms from all over , bring them in , mix them up and then disperse them back out . That 's a horrible idea . ”
Editor 's Note : This story was originally printed with the title `` Crawling to Oblivion ''
The Dr DisRespect character first appeared in a YouTube video back in 2011 , however , a job with Sledgehammer Games making maps for Advanced Warfare cut that short . The Doc was n't seen on our screens again until April 2016 when he began full time streaming on Twitch , and with it quickly amassing a dedicated following as he played across titles such as H1Z1 and PLAYERUNKNOWN 's BattleGrounds .
30 Million have committed to the # SlickDaddyClub Wow wow wow wow — Dr DisRespect ( @ DrDisRespect ) November 9 , 2017
x
x
Endorsement deals with the likes of GFUEL , Turtle Beach and Gilette all started pouring in as word spread about the amount of violence , speed and momentum he was dishing out each day he was live . Complete fanfare when he arrived at events like TwitchCon and appearances on showshave only enhanced his following . His subscribers , known as the Slick Daddy Club , have now reached an impressive 30,000 , which was confirmed via the Doc on Twitter on Thursday , November 9th.A conservative estimate where the Doc would only get $ 3 per $ 5 subscriber would mean he 'd be bringing in $ 90,000 per month , which is just over $ 1 million a year without ad-revenue , donations and endorsements included . What 's next is unclear , but judging by his , this is just the beginning of Dr DisRespect .
50 percent of organizations based in the United States have been targeted by ransomware attacks over the past 12 months .
That 's just one of the major findings of Understanding the Depth of the Ransomware Problem in the United States , a report commissioned by security firm Malwarebytes and conducted by Osterman Research .
In June 2016 , Osterman Research conducted 540 surveys with organizations based in the United States , Canada , Germany , and the United Kingdom . Each participating organization 's CIO , IT director , IT manager , CISO , or other executive who is familiar with security-related topics was responsible for completing the survey .
Those executives ' responses paint a grim picture of the ransomware threat in the United States .
Overall , about half of respondents stated ransomware is a `` concern '' or `` extreme concern '' for their organization . They have every right to feel that way . More than 40 percent of participating organizations reported having suffered between one and five ransomware attacks in the past 12 months , while 1 percent said they saw over 20 individual attack campaigns .
For 78 percent of U.S. organizations that experienced a ransomware attack , people such as customers , vendors , and students were personally affected . In 12 percent of cases , all business shut down immediately .
Not all sectors saw the same number of attacks , however . Healthcare and financial services were most affected by ransomware .
This finding comes as no surprise to the authors of the study :
`` These industries are among the most dependent on access to their business-critical information , which makes them prime targets for ransomware-producing cyber criminals . Cyber criminals , hoping that organizations will not have ransomware detection technologies in place or will not have recent backups of their data from which they can recover , are more likely to target organizations in these industries , particularly for highly targeted , spearphishing-like attacks . ''
Unfortunately , most U.S. organizations do n't see a way to turn the tide on ransomware . Indeed , only four percent of respondents felt `` very confident '' in their ability to stop ransomware , which could reflect the fact that nearly 40 percent of organizations who experienced an infection decided to ultimately pay the ransom .
But there is hope . U.S. organizations are of the firm belief that training end users and implementing anti-ransomware technology are equally important in the fight against ransomware .
They could n't be more correct .
As they look for solutions that match their IT environments , companies should encourage users to be on the lookout for suspicious links and email attachments . Security teams should also make sure all critical data is regularly backed up and that the company 's endpoints are continuously monitored for suspicious activity .
For additional findings , please read Malwarebytes ' survey in full here .
OECD 's Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ( BEPS ) Package “ Important First Step ” Towards Curtailing Abusive Tax Avoidance , but More Must Be Done
WASHINGTON , DC – As two congressional committees held hearings today on global efforts to tackle abusive corporate tax dodging , the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency ( FACT ) Coalition urged U.S. lawmakers to embrace the efforts , which target a practice gouging American taxpayers of roughly $ 90 billion per year .
“ When corporations dodge their taxes , the public ends up paying , ” said Clark Gascoigne , Deputy Director of the FACT Coalition , which unites over 100 leading small business , faith-based , human rights , anti-corruption , public-interest , government watchdog , labor , and global development organizations . “ The American multinationals that shift their profits to tax havens use our roads , benefit from our education system and large consumer market , and enjoy the security we have here , but are ultimately taking a free ride at the expense of other taxpayers . It 's high time Congress takes a stand against multinational corporations that shift their profits offshore and avoid paying their fair share of taxes ”
The U.S. Senate Finance Committee and the U.S. House Ways and Means Committee 's tax policy subcommittee held hearings Tuesday on the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development 's ( OECD ) final package of proposals resulting from its ( tax ) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ( BEPS ) project , which were published in October .
While abusive tax avoidance is a serious drain on the U.S. economy , the nature of the problem is truly global in scale . Global leaders from the world 's largest economies realized the pernicious effects of tax haven secrecy and abusive transfer pricing in the wake of the financial crisis . They recognized the importance of addressing the issue with a coordinated , global approach , and therefore commissioned the BEPS project to research and propose coordinated measures to globally curtail the damaging phenomena .
“ Tax evasion and avoidance are a truly global scourge , undermining every economy from the United States and European Union to the poorest economies in Africa and Asia , ” added Heather Lowe , Legal Counsel and Director of Government Affairs at Global Financial Integrity . “ While the BEPS proposals are far from perfect , they are an important first step towards ensuring that multinational corporations pay all of the taxes that they owe in the places that they actually make their profits . They will be a huge boost to taxpayers in the U.S. and around the world . ”
“ All American businesses must pay their fair share of taxes . Most Main Street businesses do . It 's time that U.S. multinationals do as well , and the BEPS proposals would help to make that happen . Congress should consider the BEPS proposals as a source of ideas for tightening our tax code so that the government collects the tax revenue it needs to build and maintain essential services and infrastructure , ” said Bryan McGannon , Director of Policy and Engagement for the American Sustainable Business Council .
“ Despite what the lobbyists for the richest multinational corporations say , supporting and implementing the BEPS package is in the interest of the American people and our economy , ” added Mr. Gascoigne of FACT .
A recent report from two of FACT 's members detailed the serious consequences of offshore tax haven abuse on U.S. taxpayers . Published in October by Citizens for Tax Justice and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group Education Fund ( U.S. PIRG Ed . Fund ) , the study reveals that the nation 's largest multinational corporations dodge nearly $ 90 billion in U.S. taxes annually through the abuse of offshore tax haven loopholes , shifting the country 's tax burden onto small businesses and individual Americans .
# # #
Notes to Editors :
Click here to read an HTML version of this press release on our website .
Click here to read more about the BEPS proposals from the OECD .
Click here to read the report from CTJ and U.S. PIRG .
Journalist Contact :
Clark Gascoigne
Deputy Director , FACT Coalition
cgascoigne @ nullthefactcoalition.org
+1 202.813.0290
___________
Founded in 2011 , the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency ( FACT ) Coalition unites civil society representatives from small business , labor , government watchdog , faith-based , human rights , anti-corruption , public-interest , and international development organizations . We seek an honest and fair corporate tax code , greater transparency in corporate ownership and operations , and commonsense policies to combat the facilitation of money laundering and other criminal activity by the legitimate financial system . For more information , visit www.thefactcoalition.org
“ Anybody 's first reaction is just frustration , ” Palmer said . “ When your season is cut short and you put so much into it , when you start training in March and it ends in October , it 's obviously frustrating . But you continue to try and help in any way you can and be a part of the team even though you feel like you really ca n't contribute . ”
That included Friday , when Palmer – who had already been talking to linebacker Markus Golden after Golden 's ACL tear – talked with safety Tyvon Branch and left tackle D.J . Humphries after their serious knee injuries suffered Thursday against the Seahawks .
“ In those small ways I 'm trying to help guys get their mind around how serious and how big of a hurdle it is , ” Palmer said . “ I 'm trying to be a resource . ”
The quarterback news got worse for the Cardinals Saturday when multiple reports said Palmer fill-in Drew Stanton hurt his knee against the Seahawks and he could miss the Cards ' next game in Houston . If that happened , Blaine Gabbert would start .
Palmer 's absence did n't bother the fans at the Cox store Saturday , many of whom wished Palmer a speedy recovery as they got an autograph or photo . But Palmer 's rehab likely will only be one factor in a return from IR , along with the Cardinals ' record .
Anyone who has consumed any bit of mainstream media over the past several months is undoubtedly aware of that fact that Hillary Clinton only lost the 2016 presidential election because of the hostile actions of a bitter foreign Superpower colluding with the Trump campaign to undermine her destiny of becoming the first female Supreme Ruler President of the United States .
Unfortunately , a new book , due out on April 18th and entitled `` Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton 's Doomed Campaign , '' paints a slightly different picture , courtesy of inside scoops , of a campaign that was destined for defeat from the very beginning due to one simple issue : a flawed candidate . From the book :
It was never supposed to be this close . And of course she was supposed to win . How Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election to Donald Trump is the tragic story of a sure thing gone off the rails . For every Comey revelation or hindsight acknowledgment about the electorate , no explanation of defeat can begin with anything other than the core problem of Hillary 's campaign -- the candidate herself .
For those who just ca n't wait for April 18th to indulge in more Clinton drama , below are a couple of brief excerpts courtesy of authors Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes as originally published on The Hill .
The first anecdote tells the story of a candidate prone to extreme anger and more focused on humiliating staffers than adapting to salvage a failed campaign that struggled to even defeat Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries .
‘ We Got An Ass-Chewing ' Hillary was so mad she could n't think straight . She was supposed to be focused on the prep session for that night 's Univision debate in Miami , but a potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation bubbled up inside . She 'd been humiliated in the Michigan primary the night before , a loss that not only robbed her of a prime opportunity to put Bernie Sanders down for good but also exposed several of her weaknesses . How could she have been left so vulnerable ? She knew — or at least she thought she did . The blame belonged to her campaign team , she believed , for failing to hone her message , energize important constituencies and take care of business in getting voters to the polls . And now , Jake Sullivan , her de facto chief strategist , was giving her lip about the last answer she 'd delivered in the prep session . “ That 's not very good , ” Sullivan corrected . “ Really ? ” Hillary snapped back . The room fell silent . “ Why do n't you do it ? ” The comment was pointed and sarcastic , but she meant it . So for the next 30 minutes , there he was , pretending to be Hillary while she critiqued his performance . Every time the Yale lawyer and former high school debate champ opened his mouth , Hillary cut him off . “ That is n't very good , ” she 'd say . “ You can do better. ” Then she 'd hammer him with a Bernie line . It was n't just Sullivan in her crosshairs . She let everyone on her team have it that day . “ We have n't made our case , ” she fumed . “ We have n't framed the choice . We have n't done the politics. ” “ She was visibly , unflinchingly pissed off at us as a group , ” said one aide who was in the room for the humiliating scene . “ And she let us know she felt that way. ” Hillary had been up into the wee hours the night before , agitating over her loss . This is because we made poor choices about where we traveled , she thought . She emailed Robby Mook to tell him she believed she 'd spent too much time in the cities of Detroit and Flint and not enough in the working-class white suburbs around them . Sensing just how angry she was , Mook responded by putting together a morning conference call so that Hillary could vent . But that did n't settle her ; if anything , it left her more perplexed and angry , as her debate-prep team witnessed firsthand . Her aides took the browbeating — one of several she delivered in person and on the phone that day — in silence . They had a lot of their own thoughts on what went wrong , some of which echoed Hillary 's assessment : her message was off for Michigan , and she had refused to go hard against trade ; Mook had pinched pennies and failed to put organizers on the ground ; the polling and analytics were a touch too rosy , meaning the campaign did n't know Bernie was ahead ; she had set up an ambiguous decisionmaking structure on the campaign ; and she 'd focused too heavily on black and brown voters at the expense of competing for the whites who had formed her base in 2008 . The list went on and on . The underlying truth — the one that many did n't want to admit to themselves — was the person ultimately responsible for these decisions , the one whose name was on the ticket , had n't corrected these problems , all of which had been brought to her attention before primary day . She 'd stuck with the plan , and it had cost her . While the campaign projected a ­drama-free tenor , it was reminiscent of other moments of frustration .
Of course , it was also not Hillary 's fault that she broke numerous federal laws with her email scandal resulting in significant media coverage , but rather , the fault of her staffers for not being able to refocus that negative media attention on her policy initiatives .... a mistake that earned staffers yet another `` ass-chewing '' from both Bill and Hillary .
Months earlier , Hillary Clinton turned her fury on her consultants and campaign aides , blaming them for a failure to focus the media on her platform . In her ear the whole time , spurring her on to cast blame on others and never admit to anything , was her husband . Neither Clinton could accept the simple fact that Hillary had hamstrung her own campaign and dealt the most serious blow to her own presidential aspirations . That state of denial would become more obvious than ever to her top aides and consultants during one conference call in the thick of the public discussion of her server . Joel Benenson , Mandy Grunwald , Jim Margolis , John Anzalone , John Podesta , Mook , Huma Abedin and Dan Schwerin were among the small coterie who huddled in Abedin 's mostly bare corner office overlooking the East River at the campaign 's Brooklyn headquarters . Hillary and Bill , who rarely visited , joined them by phone . Hillary 's severe , controlled voice crackled through the line first . It carried the sound of a disappointed teacher or mother delivering a lecture before a whipping . That back end was left to Bill , who lashed out with abandon . Eyes cast downward , stomachs turning — both from the scare tactics and from their own revulsion at being chastised for Hillary 's failures — Hillary 's talented and accomplished team of professionals and loyalists simply took it . There was no arguing with Bill Clinton . You have n't buried this thing , the ruddy-cheeked former president rasped . You have n't figured out how to get Hillary 's core message to the voters . This has been dragging on for months , he thundered , and nothing you 've done has made a damn bit of difference . Voters want to hear about Hillary 's plans for the economy , and you 're not making that happen . Now , do your damn jobs . “ We got an ass-chewing , ” one of the participants recalled months later . Hillary came back on the line to close the lecture . It was hard to tell what was worse — getting hollered at by Bill or getting scolded by the stern and self-righteous Hillary . Neither was pleasant . You heard him , she admonished . “ Get it straight . ”
But , Russia .
Reuters Nestled in the latest annual report from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is a line that underscores just how much the world 's largest general merchandise retailer and its shareholders have depended on public assistance programs in recent years .
The Bentonville , Ark. , company 's report for its fiscal year ended Jan. 31 includes the cautionary statement that 's required under securities regulations from all publicly listed companies . The purpose is to inform the public of factors that could harm future profitability . Such statements are routine and tend to list just about any potential risk factor . In Wal-Mart 's case , the sentence disclosing risk factors is a staggering 668 words long and includes dozens of risks , including natural disaster , civil unrest , changes to income and corporate tax rates , and ongoing investigations against the company .
A couple of items stand as newcomers to Wal-Mart 's menu of risks . Here 's what the annual report released on Friday says :
`` Our business operations are subject to numerous risks , factors and uncertainties , domestically and internationally , which are outside our control ... These factors include ... changes in the amount of payments made under the Supplement [ al ] Nutrition Assistance Plan and other public assistance plans , changes in the eligibility requirements of public assistance plans , ... ''
In other words , Wal-Mart , for the first time in its annual reports , acknowledges that taxpayer-funded social assistance programs are a significant factor in its revenue and profits . This makes sense , considering that Wal-Mart caters to low-income consumers . But what 's news here is that the company now considers the level of social entitlements given to low-income working and unemployed Americans important enough to underscore it in its cautionary statement .
For the fourth quarter ended Jan. 31 , Wal-Mart said it earned $ 4.43 billion , a drop of 21 percent from a year earlier . The company cited the unusually harsh winter that struck many parts of the U.S. as a primary factor .
Prior to the earnings report , Wal-Mart Chief Financial Officer Charles Holley said the company did n't anticipate how much the end to such programs as the unemployment benefits extension would affect it . Specifically , reductions to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program that went into effect on Nov. 1 , the first day of the company 's fourth quarter , pose a potential concern . The cuts led to a reduction of between $ 1 and $ 36 in SNAP benefits per household , or up to $ 460 a year . Congress is debating reinstating the extension to the program and making the benefits retroactive to Nov. 1 , something Wal-Mart would clearly consider beneficial to its growth .
Enrollment in SNAP benefits increased by 70 percent between 2007 — a year prior to the subprime lending crisis that sent the U.S. into its longest recessionary period since the Great Depression — and 2011 , when enrollments began to level off .
Wal-Mart has paid $ 7.23 per share in dividends over the past five years , according to Thomson Reuters . It 's expected to pay out $ 1.98 to shareholders this year and $ 2.19 in fiscal 2015 , according to analysts ' estimates .
Tuesday , Aug 2 , 2016 7:00 PM UTC
Khizr Khan , the Pakistani American father of a U.S. soldier who died in Iraq , has become something of a media celebrity in the past week .
At the 2016 Democratic National Convention , Khan and his wife Ghazala denounced Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for his racist , anti-Muslim policies .
Trump responded by maliciously attacking the Khans , and a political scandal has ensued .
Many media outlets have amplified Khizr Khan 's patriotic sentiments . Significantly less attention , however , has been paid to Khan 's Many media outlets have amplified Khizr Khan 's patriotic sentiments . Significantly less attention , however , has been paid to Khan 's criticism of U.S. wars and his lamentation that “ We have created a chaos ” and a “ quagmire ” in Muslim-majority countries .
Khizr and Ghazala Khan spoke on MSNBC 's “ Khizr and Ghazala Khan spoke on MSNBC 's “ Hardball ” on Monday , Aug. 1 . Fifteen minutes into the program , after Khan harshly condemned Islamist extremists for “ hijacking ” his religion , host Chris Matthews briefly asked Khan about U.S. wars in Muslim-majority countries .
“ What do you think , or feel , when you see us attack Iraq , or go into Afghanistan after Osama bin Laden ? Or we go attack , we bombed Libya . We 're bombing Syria now , all Islamic countries , ” he said . “ What do you feel , as an Islamic man ? ”
“ As a Muslim American I feel that these policies are not in the interest of the United States of America , ” Khan replied , with a look of distress .
“ And we see the result of it , ” he continued . “ We are more vulnerable now . We have created a chaos . ”
“ Well you know , you 're speaking to the choir , ” Matthews laughed .
Khan added , “ I wish this country would have listened to Chris Matthews when he was talking , when he was preaching . We could have saved ourselves from this quagmire . ”
“ I did n't think Iraq made any sense , and I think you agree , ” the host responded .
Matthews then segued back to Donald Trump , to whom they devoted much more time .
In total , they only discussed U.S. foreign policy for 50 seconds in the 15-minute “ Hardball ” interview .
This brief excerpt , in which Khizr Khan criticizes militaristic U.S. foreign policy , is not included in the isolated clips for the episode on MSNBC 's website . One has to watch the full episode to see it .
CHANDIGARH : Haryana cow commission on Wednesday decided to issue identity cards to cow protectors following police inputs about fake cow vigilantes extorting money from truckers . The move comes just four days after PM Modi said that an overwhelming majority of 'gau rakshaks ' are anti-socials who have proclaimed themselves protectors of cows to cover up their misdeeds.State cow commission chief and RSS idealogue Baani Ram Mangla said on Wednesday , `` There are a few criminals posing as cow protectors or cow devotees . `` In April , the state police had busted a gang of `` fake cow protectors '' who charged a fee of Rs 8,000 per vehicle from traders engaged in the transportation of cows and other animals in Hisar district .Mangla said they have received a list of around 100 cow protectors from Haryana Gau Raksha Dal which will be verified by police before issuing I-Cards . The Gau Raksha Dal is headed by Acharya Yogendra Arya , who is also a member of the state cow commission.Mangla clarified that the cow protectors do n't have any right to stop a truck ( on suspicion of cow smuggling ) or take the law into their hands . `` Cow protectors will just inform the cow protection task force of police to stop any cow smuggling or cow slaughter , '' he said . The task force , consisting of 300 jawans , is headed by a woman IPS officer of DIG rank , Bharti Arora .
In the United States , as in many countries , the single biggest source of electricity is also the dirtiest : Domestic coal-fired plants produced 1.45 billion metric tons of CO2 in 2012 , according to Environmental Protection Agency data , equal to about 305 million cars . That 's more than 67 percent of the power sector 's total carbon emissions , even though coal accounts for just 37 percent of the energy mix . Put another way , coal-burning power plants in America alone exceed the total carbon emissions of Central and South America .
Limiting emissions could also have benefits beyond slowing climate change : A study released this week by public health researchers at Harvard and Syracuse universities found that controlling the amount of carbon released by power plants also cut down on emissions of toxic pollutants like sulfur dioxide and mercury , which contribute to asthma , heart disease , and other serious health impacts—not to mention that sulfur dioxide causes acid rain .
America 's carbon emissions have declined from their 2007 peak , and last fall the EPA issued rules for power plants that could prevent many ( or any ) new coal plants from being built . ( For the time being , thanks to the fracking boom , cheap natural gas has made construction of new coal plants unlikely for economic reasons . ) With the new rule , the EPA is looking to fill in the deepest part of America 's carbon footprint .
How big an effect will this have ?
The rules require the power sector to cut emissions 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030 .
Does the EPA have legal authority to do this ?
Yes . Based on the 2007 Supreme Court case Massachusetts v. EPA , the EPA has had the authority to treat greenhouse gases as dangerous pollutants , enabling it to use the Clean Air Act to place limits on them . More specifically , the 2011 Supreme Court case American Electric Power v. Connecticut found that the EPA has the authority to regulate carbon pollution from power plants .
That does n't mean legal challenges are n't lining up already , from coal industry groups , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , state Republican attorneys general , and others . “ I 'm ready to get it over with , ” says Paul Bailey , vice president for federal affairs at the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity ( ACCCE ) . “ I want to see what this looks like , and whether it 's something we 'll have to push back hard on . ”
The key legal question is whether the courts will validate the EPA 's approach of including “ outside-the-fence ” measures ( see below ) in its assessment of how much a state can be expected to cut emissions . Bailey says the Clean Air Act does n't provide for anything except regulations on the plants themselves , so the EPA ca n't set a standard that requires states to do anything else . But environmentalists Doniger and Ceronsky argue that because the power system is , in fact , a system with many moving pieces , there 's no legal reason why regulators and utility companies should look just at power plants and ignore things like efficiency standards and the overall energy mix .
Share 0 SHARES
AS the Greek Government continues to assert their right to a fair deal for the Greek people Ireland 's leaders have reiterated that austerity , once fully embraced , is n't actually all that bad .
“ Honestly , once you really give it your best crack of the whip , there 's no better show in town , ” Minister of Finance Michael Noonan explained in a media address earlier , citing the fact that Ireland has seen no adverse effects of sustained austerity measures and Greece should be fine as a result of austerity too .
Similarly , some members of the Irish public have urged the Greek people to ‘ go away and cop on to yourselves ' as they themselves have been left largely untouched by austerity , ignoring the fact 220,000 children now live in everyday poverty in a nation of 4.5 million people .
“ Ah , no that 's bollocks , sure I bought a new car at the start of the year , ” conscientious citizen of Ireland Gary Hill said , contradicting the latest CSO figures on Irish poverty levels .
Despite the crippling poverty experienced by many , Minsiter Noonan was definitive in his support for austerity measures .
“ Cutting a few things and then trying not to cut elsewhere does n't work lads , ” added Minister Noonan , “ you got to gut the lot . I 'm not saying it 's painless , my hands are always wrecked from pressing minus on the calculator but it works 100 % of the time , sure have n't we got the Googles and the Facebooks down the docks there still ” .
As the official best little country in the World , Ireland remains a testament to the good work of austerity with Tanaiste Joan Burton confirming the Nation ‘ is a shining beacon of hope to anyone who wishes to punish the poorest of society the most ' .
“ Critics of austerity obviously have n't talked to those 220,000 kids here , have they ? Sure in my day the poor lads in class would have to walk miles for a decent latte , the country has moved on so much since then , ” Minister for Public Expenditure Brendan Howling explained to WWN .
In other news , supermarkets in Ireland have appealed to the public to resist panic buying Greek salad supplies as well as feta cheese as ‘ there 's no fear of running out of supplies ' any time soon .
Recently , Body Blitz Spa , which operates two locations in downtown Toronto at 471 Adelaide St. W. and 497 King St. E. , allegedly refused to admit a transgender woman to one of its facilities .
Weronika Rogula , who is friends with the transgender individual who was allegedly denied entry , wrote on their personal Facebook page that they 'll no longer be patronizing Body Blitz because of its policy .
“ They do not welcome trans women in their women-only spa and so I am done giving them my money ( benefits ) and encourage you to do the same , ” Rogula wrote on Friday , June 9 .
“ Women-only spaces should not be for cis ( someone who identifies with the sex they were born as ) women only , but all women including trans women who are women . We know this and so should they . Bye bye blitz . ”
Jeremy Corbyn , the leader of Britain 's opposition Labour Party , arrives to deliver a speech in Carlisle , England , Britain June 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Yates
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain needs to have “ difficult conversations ” with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states about the funding of Islamist extremism , opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Sunday , resuming his election campaign after a deadly attack in London .
The Labour party leader , who is hoping to win Thursday 's national election , said the vote should go ahead to show democracy would not be halted by the London Bridge attack that left seven dead and 48 injured .
Earlier , Prime Minister Theresa May called for a stronger response to Islamist extremism after three knife-wielding assailants drove a hired van into pedestrians on London Bridge and stabbed others nearby .
Corbyn said Britain 's democratic values must be maintained .
“ We must resist Islamophobia and division and turn out on 8 June united in our determination to show our democracy is strong , ” Corbyn said in the text of a speech due to be delivered in Carlisle , north England .
“ And , yes , we do need to have some difficult conversations starting with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states that have funded and fueled extremist ideology . ”
He attacked May for cutting police numbers during her tenure as interior minister and repeated his pledge to recruit 10,000 new police officers , including armed officers .
Opinion polls have shown Corbyn 's Labour catching up fast with May 's Conservative Party , putting into doubt her gamble that a snap election would boost her majority .
Last month U.S. President Donald Trump urged Arab and Islamic leaders to unite and do their share to defeat Islamist extremists , making an impassioned plea to “ drive out ” terrorists , while toning down his own harsh rhetoric about Muslims .
DOT Proposes Filling the Gap in Second Avenue Protected Bike Lane
If you ride on the Second Avenue protected bike lane through Kips Bay , you know it can get a little hairy on the way downtown : The section between 23rd Street and 14th Street has no physical protection . On this stretch , the barrier of parked cars yields to a narrow painted buffer , creating an opportunity for illegal parking and offering minimal separation from speeding drivers . Under a DOT plan [ PDF ] , that gap could be filled to create a continuous protected bike lane from 34th Street to 2nd Street .
The plan calls for adding a parking lane to this stretch of Second Avenue , creating protection for the bike lane as well as space for painted pedestrian islands . At intersections where drivers turn left , it includes mixing zones where turning drivers cross the bike lane . Parked cars would take the place of one lane of moving traffic , dropping the number of general traffic lanes from four to three , which matches the configuration south of 14th Street . The Select Bus Service lane on the west side of the avenue would not be affected .
Why the change ? Motor vehicle volumes on this stretch of Second Avenue have fallen dramatically in recent years , according to a presentation NYC DOT gave last week to the Community Board 6 transportation committee , and the agency says the new configuration fits the current level of car traffic .
From 2011 to 2013 , DOT 's seasonally-adjusted motor vehicle counts between 14th and 15th Streets have shown big drops in mid-week traffic : volumes are down 11.8 percent during the morning rush , 23.1 percent midday , and 15.3 percent during the evening 's busiest hour .
In a sign that car-centric metrics still count at DOT , the presentation notes that the avenue 's “ Level of Service ” — which measures driver delay — would remain a “ B ” under the new configuration if traffic volumes hold steady .
Is there a relationship between low PPC daily budgets and low conversion rates ? There most definitely is , but as opposed to what you might initially think , this is not a conspiracy on the part of the search engines , it is actually faulty logic from you , the advertiser . Erring in the side of caution by having extremely low PPC daily budgets will probably yield few if any conversions . What you actually need to do is increase your daily budget . Not sure how to adjust your daily budgets ? Here is a video tutorial straight from Google :
Please note Google Ads interface may have changed significantly since this video was made .
Generate Conversions
Unless your site is brand new , you already have a good idea of what your conversion rate is . If so , you also know how many visitors need to visit your site before it yields a conversion . As such , your PPC campaign should be designed to bring enough visitors to your site to yield at least one conversion per day . If your PPC daily budget is set too low , the number of visitors to your site will never reach the critical mass necessary to yield a conversion .
Let 's look at the math for a typical e-commerce website :
Conversion rate = 2 %
Cost per Click = $ 1.00
Number of visitors necessary for 1 conversion = 50
Campaign Quality Score = 5
Daily Budget = $ 10.00
This site will get ten daily visitors before the PPC daily budget runs out . Ten visitors per day will yield very few if any conversions . The minimum budget to get this site converting is $ 50 per day . Although increasing the budget fivefold is an acceptable strategy , it is still not the best solution .
An Aggressive PPC Daily Budget Strategy
The best solution is actually to increase your PPC daily budget so that it yields three or four conversions per day . It sounds like an outrageous solution but it actually pays for itself :
More data becomes available for data mining which can be used to develop new keywords and negative keywords .
Quality Score improvement ( this has several benefits ) .
More conversions per day .
Data mining will yield new keywords as well as negative keywords which overall should improve your campaign relevancy , resulting in higher CTRs which will improve your Quality Score . That means lower CPCs while actually getting higher ad placements , a win/win . The savings in Cost per Click alone could make a huge difference to your PPC campaign .
Lowering Keyword Bids
If you simply can not afford a larger budget then your best bet is to lower your keyword bids . Your ads may wind up showing at a lower SERP position , but it is still a better option than having only ten visitors per day .
Remember , keyword bid prices can vary substantially within the first six positions , so it may be possible to lower your bid from $ 1.00 down to $ 0.30 while still winding up on the first page of results . If so , you could triple your visitor volume without sacrificing daily budget . Bid experimentation should yield the best bids for your situation .
Conclusion
Unless the purpose of your PPC campaign is brand awareness , you are undoubtedly looking to increase your conversions . To do so , you need to set larger daily budgets to give yourself a better chance to convert at least once per day . A very conservative budget will actually backfire by yielding few or no conversions , resulting in a very poor Return On Investment .
Special Guest Star alert ! Damon Lindelof is best known as the co-creator of HBO 's critically acclaimed The Leftovers and the zeitgeist-rollicking Lost . But he 's also a Twin Peaks obsessive to the highest order .
Lindelof joins us for a special episode of EW 's A Twin Peaks Podcast : A Podcast About Twin Peaks to talk about his impressions of the first four parts of the Showtime revival season . He shares his theories about the monster following Dale , and fills us in on his favorite moments of the season so far . He also discusses the penultimate episode of The Leftovers , a brilliant and appropriately surreal hour of television . ( Expect some spoiler-free teases for this Sunday 's series finale ! )
Listen to the full podcast below .
For more on Twin Peaks , you can read Jeff 's take on episodes 3 and 4 of the Twin Peaks revival in his recap . Feel free to send your thoughts and theories on the new season to twinpeaks @ ew.com , or send a tweet to @ DarrenFranich and @ EWDocJensen . Most importantly , do n't forget to subscribe to EW 's A Twin Peaks Podcast : A Podcast About Twin Peaks – on iTunes , Stitcher , Google Play , or wherever you get your podcasts – to get new after-show episodes in your feed every Monday .
And now , here 's Dougie .
Twin Peaks airs on Showtime on Sundays at 9 p.m. ET/PT .
We have confirmation on whether or not another of the new 90 Day Fiance couples got married ! This time around , we have the scoop on Georgian lingerientrepreneur Molly Hopkins and her younger Dominican fiance Luis .
I 'm unsure of the narrative which would have someone reading this sentence who would need to be told , but : SPOILER ALERT !
According to court records , Molly Hopkins married Luis Emmanuel Mendez Rosa on July 20 , 2017 . That date lines up with what we already knew about Luis making the trip to the US in May . So , congratulations to Luis and Molly !
While researching Molly 's marital status , I also ran across a lot of stuff having to do with the father of her youngest daughter , Kensley .
UPDATE – It turns out that Kensley 's father appeared on Molly 's previous reality show , Double Divas , so we have done an additional post revealing his name and more information .
Molly and Kensley 's father split up around October 1st of 2014 . After the split , Molly assumed full custody of Kensley and remained in the couple 's home . Kensley 's father did help out financially , but , as of late last year , the contributions had “ not been on a regular , continuing basis . ”
On December 1 , 2014 , Kensley 's dad filed a petition for “ Legitimation Of Child , Custody , And/Or Visitation ” with the courts , in which he asked to be recognized as Kensley legitimate father and for shared custody . As part of the filing , he asked that the court establish an amount for him to pay Molly for child support .
In July of this year , Kensley 's dad filed a Complaint For Equitable Partitioning And Damages in which he went after Molly for compensation on their jointly owned house and vehicle , as well as the balance on a $ 45,000 loan he reportedly gave her . Kensley 's father says that he contributed $ 14,0000 toward the down payment on their home as well as mortgage payments prior to their split . They also purchased a 2011 Infinity QX56 together , which he asks that Molly be forced to sell so they can split the revenue .
As for the $ 45,000 loan , Kensley 's dad says he loaned that amount to Molly , and that she had only paid him back a little over half–leaving a balance of $ 20,500 . In her response , Molly says she is unaware of any balance on the loan . ( It is not specified what the loan was for . )
What I do n't understand is that it appears as though a judge ruled in April of this year that Molly was to retain sole possession of the 2011 Infinity QX56 “ free from any claims ” by Kensley 's father or his estate .
Also part of the judge 's ruling in April was the legitimation of Kensley 's father . Th ruling indicated that the couple had worked out custody and child support arrangements as well , but I was unable to access details on those .
I also discovered that Kensely 's dad had a couple run-ins with the law back in 2001 and 2002 , as evidenced by arrest records and mug shots . In case you missed it , Molly has had her issues with the law as well , including multiple DUI arrests , resulting in the loss of her driver 's license .
If you 're curious about the marital status of other cast members from this season of 90 Day Fiance , we have also confirmed spoilers for the following couples :
Elizabeth and Andrei
Evelyn and David
Josh and Aika
David and Annie
New episodes of 90 Day Fiance air Sunday nights at 8/7c on TLC !
Notes
This build adds a new Pick last created system condition . This allows an easy way to pick an object created with Create by name . For example if you create an object based on an expression , but every possible type it could create belongs to a family , then you can use Pick last created in a sub-event to still be able to run actions on the created instance . This condition also has the ability to pick newly created instances in parallel sub-event branches , which provides a workaround to the quirk where other normal conditions ca n't otherwise pick it .
As usual there 's a batch of bug fixes , largely aimed at the animations editor , global layers and iOS . Diego has also done a lot of work to reduce the memory overhead of the animations editor , which is particularly significant if you edit very large images . Finally there 's a new 'safe mode ' to help you uninstall addons that crash Construct 3 . There 's more information about that in the SDK documentation .
Ben Carson will not drop out of the GOP presidential race , even if he does n't take home any delegates on Super Tuesday , close friend and adviser Armstrong Williams told The Hill .
ADVERTISEMENT
Carson has been under pressure from conservative media pundits to end his campaign to pave the way for the party to coalesce behind an alternative to Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE .
But Carson has resisted , saying he 'll listen only to God and his supporters on how to move forward , claiming the mainstream media is seeking to silence him .
On Tuesday , Williams told The Hill that Carson has firmly declared to him that he will not get out of the race until a candidate reaches the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination .
“ Until then it 's open season , and the race is wide open , ” Williams said .
“ Dr . Ben Carson is not and never will be a part of the political class . He does n't think like a politician , does n't act like a politician and does n't rely on those relationships like the other politicians do . He 's staying in the race even if he does n't get any delegates tonight . ”
Carson , asked on Tuesday 's `` Morning Joe '' whether he would re-evaluate his campaign after Super Tuesday , said , “ I re-evaluate the campaign every single day . But one of the major factors for me is our supporters . That 's the reason I 'm in here … I 'm in here because people asked me to be here . I will continue to listen to what they have to say . ”
There had been some whispers among Carson confidants that Super Tuesday would be his final stand .
Carson 's fundraising has fallen dramatically from the days when he was taking in more money than any other GOP candidate and challenging Trump atop the polls .
He finished last in the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries and will likely not win any of the contests on Super Tuesday . Furthermore , the 11 states that vote on Tuesday will heavily allocate their delegates to the top two finishers , making it possible that Carson will leave with very few delegates , if any at all .
But the Carson campaign says that more than enough small-dollar donations are still rolling in to fund the leaner operation they 're now overseeing . Carson campaign CFO Logan Delany told The Hill last week that if the campaign ends , it wo n't be because it ran out of money .
Carson campaign chairman Robert Dees told The Washington Examiner on Tuesday that he does n't see a path to victory for his candidate . But Williams argued that this election cycle has been too unpredictable so far for anyone to claim they know how it 's going to end .
“ Throw out all the pundit analyses . None of them have any idea what the outcome will be , ” Williams said . “ While you 're at it , throw out all the rule books , because Dr. Carson will be writing his own chapter . They do n't call him ‘ long shot ' for nothing . ”
Carson has already campaigned in Kentucky , which will vote on March 5 , and his state chairman in Michigan , state Sen. Mike Shirkey ( R ) , told The Hill the campaign has instructed him to organize a concerted push there before the March 8 primary .
Still , not all of Carson 's confidants believe he should stay in the race .
Terry Giles , who has known Carson for decades and managed his pre-campaign exploratory efforts , as well as coordination between his outside super-PACs , expressed frustration in an interview with The Hill that Carson is still in the race .
“ It 's better for the party and for Ben 's brand for him to seriously consider suspending his campaign , ” Giles said . “ I know they can probably still raise money , but if they really do n't have a chance , seems somehow not right to continue to raise money from people who are making very small donations . ”
“ Ben 's voice is , in my opinion , a very important voice in the Republican party , and the Republican Party needs him , but if he continues , it will reflect negatively on him , and his numbers will drop to a point he wo n't carry the weight that he would if he handles it with decorum and the professionalism that , for instance , Jeb Bush did . ”
Giles is now unaffiliated and considering whom he might support . He plans to meet with Bill Millis , a North Carolina clothing magnate and former top fundraiser for Carson , this month in Texas as they consider whom they might support and how they could influence the race .
Millis , however , declined to call on Carson to drop out .
“ Whether this affects his political capital does n't matter to him because he 's not a politician , ” Millis said .
“ He wants to send a message to this nation , and when he 's unable to do that he 'll drop out . I 'm sure of that , but it 's not there yet for him . He 's following what the Lord has called him to do . It 's not up to Bill Millis or anyone to tell him what to do . If he thinks it will negatively impact the party or the Lord taps him and says you 've done a good job and it 's time to back off , he 'll do it . ”
Williams said that time will not be Super Tuesday .
“ His supporters are asking him to stay in the race , ” Williams said . “ They 're spending their hard-earned money , and he wo n't ignore that he 's the people 's candidate . He believes a breakthrough is coming . ”
New aviation rules could mean minute-by-minute tracking for aircraft in distress : UN agency
Updated
All commercial flights worldwide could soon send out an automated signal every minute in times of distress to help rescuers find downed aircraft more easily .
The new measures are in response to last year 's disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in what remains one of history 's great aviation mysteries .
The aircraft , with 239 people on board , has never been found , nearly a year on .
The new tracking rules , prepared by an industry working group , would be phased in by the end of this year , said the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) , a United Nations agency .
The initiative would be presented to delegates from all 191 ICAO member states at a meeting in Montreal next week , and `` a final proposal '' would be submitted to the ICAO Council within six months for ratification .
The measure has unanimous support among ICAO member states , a source said , meaning it was virtually assured to be brought in .
Currently , radar can track a plane , however coverage fades when aircraft are out at sea or the plane is flying below a certain altitude .
Under the new rules , airlines would be required to track their aircraft using a system that gives their location at 15-minute intervals .
If an `` abnormal event '' is detected , including a change in direction or deviation from a flight path , the signal rate hastens to every minute .
Airlines would be responsible for sharing the data with authorities in cases of emergencies .
`` It 's the start of tracking [ flights ] every minute in emergency situations that is the most effective in the short term , '' the source said .
Following a distress signal , search and rescue teams would be able to zero in on an aircraft within 11 kilometres of its last known position .
The ICAO would also ask airlines to equip their aircraft with ejectable black boxes , which would float and be more easily retrievable in case of a crash over water .
They would be mandatory on new aircraft built after 2021 , the source said .
The ejectable black boxes would be in addition to existing commercial flight data recorders and cockpit voice recorders that continually record flight information .
Australia seeks guidelines on responsibility for plane searches
Australia has also made requests to ICAO to issue clear guidelines on who should be responsible for searches for missing aircraft once rescue efforts are called off .
Australia has led the nearly year-long hunt for the missing MH370 .
More than two dozen countries have been involved in the air , sea and underwater search for the Boeing 777 .
The current phase is focused on the sea floor about 1,600 kilometres west of Perth .
`` The potential for difficulties to arise is likely to exist [ when an ] aircraft is believed to have gone missing in a search and rescue zone that is not the responsibility of the state with the onus to conduct the investigation , '' Australia said in documents released ahead of the ICAO conference .
`` In the case of MH370 , the aircraft was believed to have gone missing in Australia 's search and rescue zone but Malaysia had responsibility for the accident investigation [ under ICAO rules ] .
`` In the event that a similar tragedy happens in the future ... without ICAO guidance , there may be uncertainty on how to proceed . ''
The Australia-based Joint Agency Coordination Center ( JACC ) is running the search operations which involve Australian , Chinese and Malaysian search equipment .
Australia had set aside $ 80-90 million last year for the search , already the most expensive ever undertaken .
Malaysia said it would split the costs .
Malaysia declared the flight 's disappearance an accident this week , clearing the way for airlines to pay compensation to victims ' families .
Malaysia said that it , China and Australia remained committed to the search .
AFP/Reuters
Topics : air-and-space , accidents , air-transport , disasters-and-accidents , emergency-planning , australia , malaysia
First posted
On May 29 , 2013 , Pete Ashdown received a two-page document from the United States Department of Justice Criminal Division at the United States Embassy in Rome , Italy . Ashdown is the founder and CEO of XMission , an independent ISP and Web host based in Salt Lake City , Utah .
You are hereby requested to preserve , under the provisions of Title 18 , United States Code , Section 2703 ( f ) , the following records in your custody or control , including records stored on backup media : A . All stored electronic communications and other files associated with the following IP address : 166.70.270.2
There are two minor problems with this request . First , it 's not a valid IP address . Second , the IP address it 's supposed to be is actually that of XMission 's Tor node ( 166.70.207.2 ) .
“ So not only did they not bother to investigate the fact that it was Tor node , but they did n't know what a proper IP address was either , ” Ashdown told Ars .
Not all legal requests are as malformed as this one . The local entrepreneur 's company , XMission , is one of the few ISPs and hosts in the United States that seems to make a point of standing up for the user privacy of its 30,000 customers ( California 's Sonic.net is often noted as one of the others ) . When Ashdown gets requests to preserve or hand over data , he checks to see that the requests are accurately written . If so , he tells law enforcement to come back with a probable cause-driven warrant—at which point they never do . In the age of new disclosures about what government agencies are finding out about all of us , such a defiant stance is worth noting .
“ My guess is that it 's just laziness , ” he said . “ It 's so much easier to fire off a boilerplate subpoena than have to go to a court and defend probable cause and get a court to sign off on it . ”
A viewpoint born out of experience
Ashdown said that since 1997 ( XMission began in 1993 ) , he 's gotten requests like these , but they 've been “ ramping up ” in recent years . These days it 's “ one to two every quarter ” —a cumulative total of “ upwards of 100 . ”
“ My view of patriotism is that you question your government , ” he added . “ You question law enforcement . You question everyone who may be trying to peer into your life . I believe that the 4th Amendment makes that very clear . It should be questioned and it should be balanced against a court asking the same questions . I have a history in my family . My mother was in Denmark when the Nazis overran it in a couple of days . She always had distaste for authority and people telling her what she needed to do . That 's not my vision of freedom in the US , that somebody can peer into our communications or save all of our communications for later . ”
Ashdown says that 75 percent of the requests are from Utah-based law enforcement , 15 percent come from federal authorities , and 10 percent are out of jurisdiction .
“ The actual warrants I 've received are probably less than half a dozen , ” he said . “ I 've never received a follow-up warrant to subpoenas that were not signed off by a court . I 've never received an FBI follow-up ( to my knowledge ) to an out-of-jurisdiction request as well . ”
“ It 's not worth it to me to sell out to the government ”
Ashdown has a history in local politics . Twice he 's run for the United States Senate , and twice he 's been defeated . But he clearly has strong views about data protection , privacy , and how the United States Constitution should be applied in the digital age .
“ It seems pretty obvious to me that the data that is retained within my business is , in effect , my papers and effects and is covered under the 4th Amendment of the US Constitution and Article 1 , Section 14 of the Utah Constitution , ” he added .
As far as local media can tell , that makes Ashdown likely the only ISP in the Beehive State that puts the brakes on such investigations . Nearly 99.9 percent of others comply according to Craig Barlow , chief of children 's justice in the Utah attorney general 's office ( speaking to the Salt Lake Tribune ) .
Legal experts say that there 's little market pressure to compel Ashdown ( and his larger competitors ) to take such a position . After all , they do n't want to be seen as being soft on crime . Furthermore , even if the administrative subpoenas are challenged , companies can lose .
`` I know Twitter challenged one in regard to Occupy and eventually lost , '' Amie Stepanovich , director of the domestic surveillance project at the Electronic Privacy Information Center , told Ars . `` The further problem is that there is a really high standard to challenge these orders—institutional bad faith . The Supreme Court has indicated that the countervailing interests at issue are the public 's interest in order and the target 's interest in absolute privacy . It should be noted that the public 's interest in 'order ' is referenced but not the public 's interest in lively public debate or the ability to communicate anonymously , both First Amendment considerations . ''
Despite his newly publicized privacy stance , Ashdown has n't seen a huge uptick in new customers—since being written up on Russia Today , for example , he said he has only gotten 10 new customers . Nonetheless , XMission does pretty well for itself . Ashdown says that he takes in $ 7 million per year in revenue , and 80 percent of that is from hosting and colocation .
“ It 's not worth it to me to sell out to the government— [ other ISPs ] are all making money off of these taps , ” he said . “ It 's not worth it to me to sell out to the government because that 's not the country I live in . That 's not what I want to see the Internet used for . I 'm not saying that criminals should be free to do whatever they want , but just that those investigations should be specific . If the investigative bodies say that we need to monitor this specific IP address , I will help them with that process . What I will not do is to give them metadata or broad monitoring of all the traffic that is passing over my network because I do n't believe that 's necessary to protect the safety of Americans . I do n't believe it 's constitutional either . ”
In the end , Ashdown thinks too many American tech companies have complied with such legal requests . His best guess for a reason why ? These moves come from the advice of conservative-minded counsel and corporate boards .
“ There are lots of small ISPs in this country that are struggling to get by in the face of the behemoths , and the small ISPs are much more likely to protect their privacy because they make the decision , ” he said . “ It 's one person making the decision and a small ISP is not answering to a board of directors or stockholders . It 's probably still rare that there 's this small ISP run by one person , but I know they 're out there . I 've heard from them . ”
Jordan said on Saturday that a police officer who went on a shooting spree , killing five people including two American police trainers , was psychologically disturbed and not linked to any radical Islamist group .
At least five killed by Jordanian police officer in training centre shooting Read more
Interior Minister Salameh Hamad told reporters the 29-year-old officer , Anwar Abu Zeid , had faced financial problems and was under severe mental stress before he began to fire at foreign trainers last Monday at the US-funded King Abdullah Training Centre near Amman .
“ I announce to you that this incident was personal and isolated , and is not linked to any group whatsoever . We have no suspicions that he was linked to any extremist group , ” he said .
“ It is rooted in the shooter 's psychological and financial issue … he was in a stressed mental position . ”
Security sources had earlier told Reuters on condition of anonymity there was growing evidence of radical Islamist influences on Abu Zeid .
The Americans killed were former members of the US military and were contracted to train police from regional allies such as Iraq and the Palestinian territories . A South African trainer and two Jordanian translators were also killed .
The killings took place on the 10th anniversary of al-Qaida suicide bombings that targeted three luxury hotels in the capital and killed 57 people . No group has claimed responsibility for Monday 's attack .
Abu Zeid , a pious young man , had grown more religious in recent months and told close relatives he wanted to leave his job because he was unable to tolerate working in an environment where American defence personnel were present , security sources said .
Senior officers confirmed that Abu Zeid had wanted to resign and had smuggled an AK and a pistol and a large cache of ammunition into the compound from his home in northern Jordan on the day of the shooting .
He performed prayers before heading to a canteen where he sprayed bullets randomly at those who were there , they said . He was shot by police after he fled outside .
Diplomats say the fact that the attacker came from one of the native tribes in Jordan that form the backbone of the security forces is a particular blow for the kingdom 's Hashemite dynasty , as well as being a major security breach .
Some tribes have become increasingly disgruntled over perceived corruption and feel they are being marginalised economically , posing what security experts see as an additional threat to a country long worried about possible attacks by militant Islamists .
Nearly 2,000 people attended Abu Zeid 's funeral on Thursday in his home town , with scores chanting “ death to America ” and accusing the authorities of a coverup over what really happened .
The decades-old Arab-Israeli conflict and turmoil along Jordan 's borders with Israel provide fertile ground for Islamic militancy , and mistrust of the West has long been fuelled by a perceived US bias towards Israel .
Jordan is an major ally of Washington in the US-led campaign against Islamic State militants who hold large areas of neighbouring Syria and Iraq . Its stepped-up military role in this campaign has angered many in Jordan who believe it serves the enemies of their Muslim faith .
Authored by John Rubino via DollarCollapse.com ,
The global financial system 's ever-increasing leverage pretty much guarantees another crisis in coming years - unless it 's pre-empted by new weapons that can , in theory , shut down entire national banking systems , thus screwing up the best-laid plans of today 's savers and investors .
This series will consider some of them , beginning with the electromagnetic pulse ( EMP ) attack . From The Wall Street Journal :
North Korea Dreams of Turning Out the Lights Pyongyang does n't need a perfect missile . Detonating a nuke above Seoul—or L.A.—would sow chaos . In 2001 Congress established a commission to study the danger of an electromagnetic pulse generated by the detonation of a high-altitude nuclear weapon . It concluded that while there would be no blast effects on the ground , critical electricity-dependent infrastructure could be rendered inoperable . The commission 's chairman , William R. Graham , has noted that several Russian generals told the commissioners in 2004 that the designs for a “ super EMP nuclear weapon ” had been transferred to North Korea . Pyongyang , the Russian generals reported , was probably only a few years away from developing super EMP capability . According to Peter Vincent Pry , staff director of the congressional EMP commission , a recent North Korean medium-range missile test that was widely reported to have exploded midflight could in fact have been deliberately detonated at an altitude of 40 miles . Was it a dry run for an EMP attack ? Detonation at that altitude of a nuclear warhead with a yield of 10 to 20 kilotons—similar to those tested by North Korea—would produce major EMP effects and inflict catastrophic damage to unhardened electronics across hundreds of miles of surface territory . It is a myth that large yield nuclear weapons of hundreds of kilotons are required to produce such effects . Although some analysts have dismissed the possibility of a successful North Korean EMP attack—either on South Korea or the United States—several factors could make it a more appealing first-strike strategy for Kim Jong-un 's nuclear scientists than a direct , missile-delivered nuclear strike . For one thing , accuracy is not a concern ; the North Koreans simply need to get near their target to sow chaos . Nor would they need to worry about developing a reliable re-entry vehicle for their ballistic missiles . Conventional wisdom aside , a North Korean EMP attack on the U.S. may also not be far-fetched . “ North Korea could make an EMP attack against the United States by launching a short-range missile off a freighter or submarine or by lofting a warhead to 30 kilometers burst height by balloon , ” wrote Mr. Graham earlier this month on the security blog 38 North . “ Even a balloon-lofted warhead detonated at 30 kilometers altitude could black out the Eastern Grid that supports most of the population and generates 75 percent of US electricity . Moreover , an EMP attack could be made by a North Korean satellite. ” Two North Korean satellites currently orbit the earth on trajectories that take them over the U.S . This is not mere theory . In 1962 the United States detonated a 1.4-megaton nuclear warhead over the South Pacific , 900 miles southwest of Hawaii . Designated “ Starfish Prime , ” the blast destroyed hundreds of street lights in Honolulu , caused electrical surges on airplanes in the area , and damaged at least six satellites . Only Hawaii 's undeveloped electric power-transmission infrastructure prevented a prolonged blackout . It was the era of vacuum-tube electronics . We are living in the digital age .
Some conclusions
Lots of actors in addition to North Korea have this capability . And we ca n't stop it . Preventing a nuke-laden plane or balloon from detonating miles above a populated area is hard to the point of impossibility .
Banking and brokerage networks would be shut down – possibly for a long while – by such an attack , which means no access to ATM machines or credit card readers . People without ready cash would be stuck without access to life 's necessities . Meanwhile cars , which have in recent years become rolling computer networks , wo n't run , making it hard to get to distant supplies .
The fiat currency of a system shut down in this way might or might not hold its value . This is uncharted financial territory so it 's not certain that cash under the mattress will be of use . And forget about cryptocurrencies in this scenario . Virtual money evaporates when the network on which it circulates goes down .
The solution ?
Start upgrading to hardened electronics as part of a basic prepping program . That 's beyond the technical scope of this article , but Google it and you 'll find plenty of resources . And hold precious metals in small enough denominations to use as currency . One of history 's lessons is that gold and silver remain valuable whatever else is going on . If we 're destined to spend a few months back in the Middle Ages , spendable money will make the experience a lot more manageable .
David Karger speaking , ESWC 2013 , Montpellier
A hot topic at ESWC 2013 , and many other places besides , was the issue of Semantic Web adoption , which after a decade and a half is still less than it should be . The thorny question is : what can be done about it ? David Karger did a keynote on the subject at ESWC 2013 where he argued that the Semantic Web can help users manage their data . I think he 's right , but that this is only a very narrow area of application . In any case , end users are not the people we should aim for if adoption of Semantic Web technologies is to be the goal .
End users and technology
In a nutshell , end users do not adopt technology , they choose tools . They find an application they think solves their problem , then buy or install that . They want to keep track of their customers , so they buy a CRM tool . What technology the tool is based on is something they very rarely care about , and rightly so , as it 's the features of the tool itself that generally matters to them .
Thinking about comparable cases may help make this point more clearly . How did relational databases succeed ? Not by appealing to end users . When you use an RDBMS-based application today , are users aware what 's under the hood ? Very rarely . Similarly with XML . At heart it 's a very simple technology , but even so it was not end users who bought into it , but rather developers , consultants , software vendors , and architects .
If the Semantic Web technologies ever succeed , it will be by appealing to the same groups . Unfortunately , the community is doing a poor job of that now .
Selling to technologists is hard
The trouble with selling to technologists is that the developer community is actually fairly conservative . Real change in how software is developed can take a long time , and the more fundamental the change is , the longer it takes . Python is pretty hot now , but I started using it in 1997 ( 16 years ago ! ) , and there are still big groups of developers who know no scripting languages at all , and are skeptical of the whole idea of a scripting language .
Semantic technologies have problems because they are something truly new that also requires a fairly fundamental change to how systems are built . For many developers , this change is both very difficult to understand , and even frightening . Often , people wind up taking this new shiny technology that works in a completely new way , and then use it to build systems the same old way . Inevitably , they discover that this does n't really gain them that much , and they give up on the whole thing .
The problem is that the community is at present doing very little to remedy this .
Boys playing soccer , Montpellier
What 's right , and what 's wrong
The main things the community is doing wrong is the architecture of what 's being offered , and the story that 's told about how these technologies can be applied . At the lowest levels , I think we 're doing fine . RDF itself , the interchange formats , triple stores , SPARQL , and the SPARQL protocol , all of these things need no change . They 're imperfect , just like everything else , but they 're not the source of the problem . That source lies higher up .
One problem is RDFS and OWL . Not because they are bad . On the contrary , I think these are among the most powerful tools semantic technology has to offer . The problem is rather that it 's very difficult for people to understand what these technologies actually are . And when you do n't even understand what something is , seeing what it can do is just too hard . So , basically , that these technologies are meant for reasoning , and what reasoning can do , is way outside what most technologists have been able to understand . Many developers find ordinary data modelling somewhat frightening and tricky ; imagine how they feel about modelling data in description logic .
And that , unfortunately , is only part of the problem . The other major part is that RDFS and OWL leave a gaping hole in the functionality offered by the Semantic Web technology stack . That is , there 's no real support for validation . No technology allows me to say that `` every person must have an id , a name , and may have an email address , and can not have anything else . '' And yet this is a key everyday requirement , and it 's just not being met .
( I 'm aware that there is some excellent research in this area , and that Stardog has implemented some of it . That 's a great start in the right direction , but not even close to enough . The recent announcement of the RDF validation work is hugely encouraging . )
Another problem is that there 's no way to find out what properties a class can have . That 's going to be another common requirement , and again it 's not being met . I understand that people will balk at this requirement ( and the previous one ) , and say that on the Semantic Web you 're operating under the Open World Assumption , and so these requirements are wrong-headed .
That 's both right and wrong . It 's true that on the Semantic Web you 're wrong to want this . That , however , is no help to someone trying to build an application . They may well have parts of the system that are open , but they will also have parts that are closed . RDF at the moment makes those latter parts much harder than they need to be .
Court of appeals , Montpellier
Then there 's the question of architecture . For technology to be useful , it has to fit in with what 's already there . An astonishing amount of what I see at conferences and elsewhere completely fails to do that . Real-world businesses live with ActiveDirectory , Sharepoint , CRM systems , and so on . Much of what they 're being offered does n't fit with these kinds of systems at all . That makes things difficult .
Much of what 's being done on database access , such as query federation and mapping SPARQL to SQL with R2RML does n't really seem very realistic to me , either . Most big databases are already overloaded . Now we 're going to hammer them with random , uncontrolled queries ? Many places you are not going to be allowed to do that . And even if you are , what happens if you do query federation and one out of 15 sources is down or slow ? Who 's going to build a business-critical application on top of something like that ?
What 's the story ?
Further , and this is perhaps the worst part , there 's no guidance on what sorts of problems to solve with semantic technologies , or how to apply them . This makes it much harder for people to adopt them , and increases the chances that people will apply them wrongly , winding up with little benefit from their choice .
( I 'm hoping to do my part by writing more about what I think are the right ways to use semantic technology in future posts , but that 's unlikely to be enough on its own , to put it mildly . )
In 1997 , several Californian members of the Libertarian Party founded a think tank ( a usually political center of research , propaganda and spreading of ideas . Translator 's note ) to promote its own ideas : sexual liberty , pacifism and the elimination of the welfare state . The origin of its name ( Cato Institute ) is related to the famous pamphlets of the XVIII Century against colonialism and the expansion of the government known as Cato 's Letters . 28 years later , this right-wing anarchists ' association has turned into a successful foundation based in Washington , subsidized at length by several multinational companies and proud of being responsible for the pensions ' reform President Bush will implement in his second term .
Edward Crane Founder and Director of the Cato Institute .
The Cato Institute was founded by Edward H. Crane when he stopped being the president of the Libertarian Party . Since the beginning , he was economically assisted by the Koch brothers -Charles G. and David H - heirs of petrochemical giant Koch Industries . David H. Koch was the Libertarian Party 's candidate to the vice presidency of the U.S. in 1980 .
Beyond its nice discourse on sexual liberty , gays ' rights , marihuana liberalization and other revelations of the new age , the Cato Institute has quickly turned into a promoter of social egoism , and above all , it has reintroduced and spread Charles Murray 's theories on racial differences [ 1 ] .
In 1985 , the association hired one of Ronald Reagan 's former economic advisers and founder of the National Tax Limitation Committee as its director . It focused then on the elimination of the State and its welfare structures inherited from President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's New Deal by promoting the elimination of the personal income tax , the privatization of Social Security , Medicare and education . This is the reason why it recruited Chilean economist José Piñera -former Minister of Labor of General Augusto Pinochet 's fascist government- who , influenced by the « Chicago Boys » and their leader , economist Milton Friedman , privatized social security and freed the Chilean State from its most expensive responsibility . By doing this , Piñera reduced taxes considerably though more than half of the population retired without pensions .
Jose Piñera
According to The New York Times , which quoted a report by Lyndon LaRouche , José Piñera 's Project on Social Security Choice was the basis of the privatization plan presented by George W. Bush in his year 2005 State of the Union address [ 2 ] . By worshiping Friedrich von Hayek [ 3 ] .The Libertarians ' prophet , and his follower Milton Friedman , the Cato Institute held conferences on their economic works where they were usually present . President Edward H. Crane and some members of the Institute ( Paul Craigs Roberts , James M. Buchanan , etc . ) are also members of Mont Pelerin Society , the libertarians ' temple .
However , the respectability of this think tank has been affected by its biological racism , its social egoism and its level of corruption . Once it began to accept millions from the multinational companies which financed it , the Cato Institute stopped defending ideas and began to defend interests . For instance , it published works on tobacco harmlessness after receiving important contributions from cigarette maker Philip Morris and criticized ecologists ' alarmism on greenhouse effects once it received contributions from its sponsor Exxon-Mobil .
But the Institute 's contribution to the Bush Administration has not been limited to pension 's reform . It has also included a paradoxical ecologist discourse that approves multinational companies ' immunity to contaminate . George w. Bush has even named Gale Norton , former editor of Clarke-Koch 's electoral speeches , head of the Department of Environment [ 4 ] . She opposed the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol which sets limits to the greenhouse effects and defended oil installations in Alaska , no matter what the risks for the environment were .
Gale Norton
In 1998 , the Cato Institute managed to be well known by the media though it was not due to a remarkable political change but to the fact that multimillionaire Rupert Murdoch , owner of Fox News and many newspapers , joined the Institute by becoming a member of its Board of Directors that included also his partner John Malone , the distinguished owner of Liberty Media ( which controls Discovery and Noos ) .
On foreign policy issues , the Cato Institute has favored the American withdrawal of all military alliances and intergovernmental organizations and has opposed NATO -and therefore the war against Kosovo , Afghanistan and Iraq- and financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) . The Institute has also developed a phobia against a possible rapprochement between Russia , China and India which , according to it , may have an adverse effect on American interests . Consequently , it denounced Primakov 's diplomacy and the foundation of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization . Apart from all these , the Institute has held colloquiums in Russia and China to spread free market ideals .
The Cato Institute has turned into a powerful institution based in the American federal capital . What used to be a group against the State 's excesses has turned into an organization in defense of private interests and against all social responsibility . This is the reason why its president and founder , Edward H. Crane , fired the Californian hippies of 1968 and bought an expensive office in Washington .
NATO plans for Afghan war through 2020 | 15 June 2016 | The war in on Afghanistan -- America 's longest conflict -- will grind on for at least another four years as NATO allies are prepared to commit $ 5 billion through 2020 to train , equip and pay Afghan security forces , according to a senior NATO diplomat . Last week , President Obama granted U.S. troops in Afghanistan expanded authority to attack Taliban insurgents . The new rules allow U.S. forces to advise regular Afghan combat units and to call in airstrikes ... The new expanded authorities will give U.S. commanders in Afghanistan more flexibility , by allowing them to identify and get pre-approval for air targets in advance , instead of just responding to emergencies , Gen. Mark Welsh , the Air Force chief of staff , told reporters in Washington .
By Janet Phelan
This November , a meeting will take place in Geneva , Switzerland , in a large hall filled with delegates from around the world . This meeting , which has the potential of affecting every single living person on the planet , will get at most passing mention in newspapers . Some reporters will be present , duly noting which country provided what recommendation and which country approved and which country objected . At the most , this may result in an article on page 18 in the larger , more comprehensive daily newspapers .
The hometown dailies probably wo n't run anything .
Every five years , the Biological Weapons Convention convenes a Meeting of State Parties at the United Nations in Geneva . Every five years , there is some sort of objection raised by one country or another to the fact that this arms Convention has no mechanism to verify that its member nations are complying with the terms of the treaty and every five years , the US pooh the relevance of concerns about the lack of verification and reporting protocols .
However , this upcoming convening of the BWC in 2016 may be special . For at this juncture , it appears that forces working through the US government , and with knowledge and complicity of other world leaders , are perched on the edge of deploying a biological weapons attack that will simply change the human footprint on the globe .
Despite concerted efforts to keep this from public attention , certain little tells keep popping up . Stories hit the press which should , were we in normal times , result in teams of reporters being dispatched , with all the forensic investigative capabilities that newspapers and magazines used to require of top reporters . As we too well know , the funds for in-depth research have virtually dried up and investigative reporters are now an endangered species .
And in the current political climate , even as disturbing as some of these indicators are , they usually end up being reported as “ errors ” and any intentionality is buried in the dung heap of denial issued by culpable parties . And in the face of all the other negative news , the real weight of these indicators seems to get lost .
Coverup of the Coverup
Item : The US was recently reported as having sent live anthrax to nearly 100 labs , worldwide . The labs receiving the active anthrax were both government and private labs . Did any reporter actually ask why the US is sending anthrax , dead or alive , to so many labs ? Did a reporter cull through the spending records available at the government website usaspending.gov to ascertain if any of these labs had unlisted anthrax projects ? An unlisted project might well be one funded by the CIA and the implications of a secret anthrax project might well have raised some questions .
What the press did with this story was to dutifully report that the Pentagon stated that the anthrax de-activating equipment at Dugway Proving Grounds , which was the sender to all those labs , worldwide , was examined and fixed .
Does that make you feel better ? It should n't . Dugway was previously caught about eight years ago sending out live anthrax . No one thought to examine the equipment then ?
Item : Speaking of Dugway Proving Grounds , would you sleep any better knowing that Dugway possessed in their labs the very same strain of anthrax that was purportedly used by Fort Detrick researcher Dr. Bruce Ivins , whom the FBI alleges mailed live anthrax to a number of Congressmen and media in September of 2001 , resulting in five deaths ? Would you sleep better knowing that the FBI refused to investigate personnel at Dugway , instead pinning this crime on the unfortunate Dr. Ivins , who conveniently committed suicide , giving the FBI a “ Case Closed ” verdict on the mailings ? In fact , Ivins did not have the equipment to weaponize anthrax .
Item : Freedom of Information requests concerning biological and chemical weapons are routinely given the deep freeze by the US Military .
An investigative group called Muckrock filed a 2014 FOIA with Dugway Proving Grounds requesting a document named “ Cold Death , Chemical Weapons and Means of Mass Destruction. ” After doing the hot potato with this request between various branches of the military , the agencies simply stopped responding . The FOIA was killed through passive non-compliance with the laws governing transparency . Cold Death , Chemical Weapons and Means of Mass Destruction
Similarly , researchers at Muckrock also filed a FOIA for documents relating to “ Anthrax File Parke Davis and Co ” and received a reply stating the request was denied because it was too broad . The denial was appealed and the subsequent document that was sent to the Muckrock investigator was 100 % whited out .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
In case you happen to think that the Army really does n't have certain records or that it is in the best interests of all concerned that these records remain private , consider this :
Item : In 2013 , Muckrock filed a FOIA with the Army requesting contracts and copies of reports with mega-contracting firm Booz Allen Hamilton over a certain time period . The reply came back stating that no documents existed . However , a quick visit to the US government contract tracking website , usaspending.gov , reveals 6,766 unclassified contracts with the Army and BAH during the relevant time period , for a total of $ 4,310,543,269 .
Item : This reporter filed a FOIA last year requesting a certain contract between the DTRA , a branch of the US military , and a company called Translational Genomics Research Institute in Phoenix , Arizona . The reply from the FOIA office stated that the DTRA does not recognize or honor the contract numbers listed at usaspending.gov . A second FOIA was then filed using a different contract number . There has been no production of documents to date .
I filed a similar request for a specific contract between the Department of Homeland Security and Translational Genomics . In fact , I filed the request five times . No reply has ever been received .
It appears that access to information is regularly being limited . What we need to understand is why .
Bio=Life
Item : The US government is violating the Biological Weapons Convention and the UN wo n't do a thing about it .
The violations are multiple and severe . To start with , when the US Congress passed into law the USA Patriot Act , in 2001 , a section of the Act made it legal for the US government to violate its own biological weapons laws . In so doing , the US essentially violated the international accord known as the BWC .
The State Department attempted to keep the existence of Section 817 away from BWC oversight . According to State Department official Chris Park , the US “ forgot ” to inform the Convention at large about the changes to the US domestic legislation . Any changes in BW legislation must be reported , but then again , as we have seen , there is no mechanism to ensure that states are adhering to their responsibilities under the BWC .
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today ! The reactions of UN officials and the Convention at large to notification of the US 's violations were reported in this article . All the way up the UN food chain , the UN Disarmament Affairs officials reacted as if they were being handed an envelope laced with anthrax . And no action was taken . In the five years since the 2011 BWC convening , we have seen an Ebola crisis , a Zika crisis and continued warnings about emerging threats associated with bird flu and swine flu . If the realities behind Ebola and Zika can be verified , it would appear that testing on civilian populations is well under way . We are becoming conditioned to the emergence of strange and deadly new bugs which have the capacity to kill people en masse . Mainstream news organizations , while assuring as that governments are doing everything in their power to protect us from bioweapons , continue to serve in a dual capacity by reminding as that , as far as pandemics go , The Big One is coming . The double message is clever and contrived : “ A major pandemic is looming on the horizon and we did not cause it ! ” Ebola is n't the big one . So what is ? And are we ready for it ? According to a former employee at Dugway Proving Grounds , who spoke with this reporter under conditions of anonymity , Dugway has been testing biological and chemical weapons for decades . Dugway recently cancelled a media tour which could have reassured us that there is no threat posed by the research ongoing at that facility . A review of the human rights record of the US indicates that , at this juncture , only certain types of people have rights . This is most clearly in evidence in the lackadaisical response from law enforcement agencies when police kill minorities and in the wholesale judicial disposal of the rights of one of the most vulnerable groups in any society , the elderly and disabled . If there were to be a globe changing event , from which certain types of people would perish while others remain healthy and intact , a selectively engineered or delivered bioweapon would provide the perfect cover . Both sorts of technologies – race specific bioweapons and selective delivery systems – now exist . The signs pointing to future deployments are everywhere now . The only question remaining is will we awaken to history before history ends . Janet C. Phelan , investigative journalist and human rights defender that has traveled pretty extensively over the Asian region , an author of a tell-all book EXILE , exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ” .
There are a lot of video game franchises that are annualised , these include FIFA , Call of Duty , Assassin 's Creed , and numerous other titles . Some people wonder why Nintendo does n't take the same approach with their beloved franchises . However , Scott Moffitt , Executive VP of Sales at Nintendo of America , has told The Examiner that they prefer to keep their games fresh and that if necessary they can release additional downloadable content for titles like they have done with Mario Kart 8 and Splatoon .
“ We tend not to annualize our franchises , there 's not a new Mario Kart every year . What we 've tried to do with the Wii U is first , create a fully featured really enjoyable game that has something for everybody , has surprises that you 'll discover as you play through levels and it gives you a good amount of quality entertainment , ” Scott Moffitt tells us .
“ For fans who love [ Mario Kart ] , we 've released extra content over time so that it keeps the game fresh and allows them to experience more than they could when they originally bought the game . That 's the approach we take , rather than annualizing the franchise , we are periodically releasing new courses , levels and features that keep people playing . We see a huge surge in gameplay hours on Mario Kart when we [ release new content ] , ” said Moffitt .
“ We take different approaches with different franchises . If you look at the Pokémon franchise , we have released multiple core games for 3DS.We like to give Pokémon fans something every year , but something like Mario Kart or Smash Bros. there may only be one version of that franchise in the whole console cycle , ” Moffitt tells us .
“ It all depends on the franchise , the developer and what new ideas they can bring to the franchise to move the gameplay forward and keep the franchise fresh . I think we always need to innovate and we need to always bring new ideas and new thoughts , but they have to be sufficient enough to justify the next release . Small , incremental changes may not be worth a whole new release , ” Moffitt concluded . Source Thanks , Anubis the G.O.A.T
1926 : The National Broadcasting Company is established . The network would dominate radio during that medium 's Golden Age and become the foundation of a massive media empire that to this day just keeps growing .
During the Radio Days , NBC was the most successful in the game , but it was far from the earliest successful player . That distinction belongs to AT & T , at the time the largest company in the world . AT & T built a station in New York City with the call letters WEAF , but more to the point it had a monopoly on the telephone lines needed to extend the reach of a station with quality audio – the crux of a network .
AT & T 's interest in radio was simple . The conglomerate 's Western Electric division made radio components . Its Bell System – the phone company – was developing wired and wireless , short-and long-range communications . WEAF was a sandbox , a place to experiment .
But it also proved very popular with the public , proving there was an appetite for this thing which brought news , music , dramatic fare and sketch comedy into the family salon .
By 1925 , however , AT & T decided that the telephone was a better fit for its future . Meanwhile , the Radio Corporation of America was itching to get into the business in a big way .
The U.S. Navy had essentially controlled radio technology for years as a matter of national defense during and , for a while , after World War I . In 1919 it turned over to RCA the American Marconi radio stations it had appropriated during the war , making the company an instant radio giant .
RCA had ambitions to tie up its patchwork of local stations into a national network , but it was hamstrung by the relatively poor audio quality available to it , leasing telegraph lines from Western Union . It was the best technology available , because AT & T would n't allow anyone else to use its vastly superior telephone lines .
Such is the cauldron in which deals are cooked . AT & T sold its WEAF station ( and another in Washington , D.C. ) to RCA for $ 1 million in a deal that allowed RCA to lease AT & T 's phone lines – a huge audio upgrade . RCA 's new division , the National Broadcasting Company , was formed on this day in 1926 and officially launched with programming on Nov. 15 .
NBC would flourish during the '30s , '40s and '50s when radio was king – partly because it was able to control the cost of talent in a sort of studio-system way , but also because there was a huge appetite for this magical technology that brought the world into your living room .
Everything was live , of course , and most of the entertainers are long forgotten – but for nostalgia buffs they included Al Jolson , Jack Benny , Bob Hope , Fred Allen , Burns and Allen , and Edgar Bergen , a ventriloquist ( think about it ) . Some of the programming simply could n't be done anymore , even in the age of South Park and Family Guy . One of NBC 's first hits was Amos ‘ n ' Andy , a continuing story of two black guys performed by two white guys using the tone , inflections and patter of minstrel shows to conjure mental images of their characters .
The NBC radio network was so big , it was actually two : NBC Red , the flagship network , with established shows and advertisers , and NBC Blue , which had ‘ sustaining shows ' – those without regular sponsors , like news and cultural programs . ( In the early years , the NBC Orange Network carried Red Network programming on the West Coast , and the NBC Gold Network carried Blue Network programming there . )
As the network grew the need for individual stations to identify themselves ( and eventually cut away to air their own local ads ) became more complicated . Initially , an announcer would simply read the call letter of all the affiliates at the end of a program , there being so few . But in due course NBC needed a way to alert everyone simultaneously and instantly when it was time for a station break . This was the birth of the three-tones chime NBC still uses .
Various incarnations were used for the better part of two years . First was a sequence of seven tones– G-C-G-E-G-C-E. Too difficult to execute perfectly , live . This was shortened to four – G-G-G-E . Eventually , NBC settled on the iconic G3 , E4 and C4 – though apparently not as an homage to one of NBC 's owners , the General Electric Corporation . It would become the nation 's first audio trademark .
Both AT & T and RCA thrived – each of their bets on the future ratified by time . And both were forced to divest as a result of their success . AT & T became seven Baby Bells in 1982 . In the early 1940s the FCC forced NBC to drop either its Red or Blue network . RCA tried some fancy footwork – dividing NBC into two companies , NBC ( neé Red ) and Blue Network Company – but a 1943 Supreme Court decision did not go its way . So RCA sold Blue Network for $ 8 million , and in 1945 the Blue became the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) .
And what of radio ? The halcyon days of terrestrial radio are over . Satellite radio 's seems so moribund that its biggest star , Howard Stern , is making noises that he 'll leave Sirius XM radio when his $ 500 million contract runs out next year . The action ( if not money ) in radio today is online , in elegant apps like the one developed by NPR and a click away on the web from nearly every station there is .
Personally , this reporter does n't think radio ( or newspapers ) will ever become extinct , because a new medium seldom kills an old one . And these days the opportunities to reinvent are plentiful , and unpredictable . Radio conditioned us for podcasts , and now podcasters are trying to replicate the immediacy – of radio .
And how ironic is it that commercially viable radio – the necessary precursor to the television , the 20th century 's defining medium – turned on the need to access a private phone network owned by AT & T ?
Source : Various
Image : Wikipedia
See Also :
Fostering innovation in the financial sector and regulatory guidelines do not go hand in hand all that often , but the FCA in the United Kingdom is looking to create an ecosystem that can deliver both . Technological progress needs to be understood before it can be regulated , rather than taking the opposite route . The FCA might become an unlikely ally for FinTech Innovation in the United Kingdom over the coming years and decades .
Also read : Is FinTech Australia Paving Way for Removing GST on Bitcoin Transactions ?
FCA Wants Consumers To Benefit From FinTech Competition
Anyone in the world will agree that real innovation stems forth from competition , and that is exactly what the financial world has been lacking for the past fifty years . Now that FinTech companies are booming around the world – especially in the United Kingdom – it only makes sense to create a new regulatory framework that will not stifle innovation in the financial sector .
Some people might be wondering why the Financial Conduct Authority – FCA – might be taking a definite interest in FinTech and innovation . The answer is rather simple : it is the governmental body 's solemn duty to promote competition in the sector , as the consumers will be the ones reaping the rewards .
FCA Director of Strategy And Competition Christopher Woolard stated :
“ The 2015 EY Fintech adoption Index that surveyed six markets around the world found that on average 15.5 % of digitally active consumers are users of fintech . The survey suggests that the average rate of adoption could double in the next 12 months . It 's a sobering reminder of the pace at which the digital landscape is evolving and the scale of the challenge for us as a regulator to bear in mind when we think about both the risks that financial innovation may bring and how to balance that against creating unnecessary barriers to the many opportunities. “
Disruptive innovation is exactly what the financial sector need , and the FinTech industry is trying to provide exactly that through various means . Whether it is new mobile services , challenger banks , or even digital currencies , they are all direct competitors to established financial players .
Introducing Project Innovate
The way the FCA wants to approach regulating FinTech is by providing direct support , as well as improving policies and processes associated with the current framework . By extending a helping hand to UK FinTech startups regarding regulation and preparing for the long-term financial viability of their project , a major step is taken in the right direction .
This approach also gives the FCA a front row seat to financial innovation as it happens . Assisting these companies in the legislative aspect is incredibly invaluable , as very few startups have any idea of how financial regulation works in the FinTech industry . Some business models need to be revamped to fit into existing and future regulatory guidelines .
Christopher Woolard continued by adding :
“ One example could be distributed ledger technology , sometimes more popularly known as ‘ block chain ' . There have been countless column inches devoted to this subject . The current development of distributed ledger technology has the potential to revolutionise financial services ; whether it is the panacea of all ills in the financial world is yet to be seen . However it 's clear that there are a lot of regulatory and consumer issues that will need to be discussed as the technology evolves . ”
But what is even more impressive is how Project Innovate is attracting attention from non-domestic entrepreneurs and startups as well . The disruptive innovation associated with the FinTech sector aims to create global financial solutions , and regulatory guidelines will need to scale to that level sooner rather than later . Efforts like these will be beneficial to Bitcoin , blockchain , and FinTech companies around the world .
Source : FCA
Four Tet has announced a new studio album . New Energy is the producer 's ninth full-length , and it arrives September 29 . It follows his Morning/ Evening LP , which was released in 2015 . Check out the tracklist below , as revealed in a sparse tweet from the producer . Four Tet has kept busy in the years since Morning/Evening , remixing various artists ( including the xx , A $ AP Rocky , Oneohtrix Point Never ) and also issuing a compilation called Randoms , featuring tracks that Kieran Hebden submitted for various different compilations over the course of his career . Most recently , he shared the tracks “ Planet ” and “ SW9 9SL , ” both of which are on the tracklist for the new album .
New Energy :
01 Alap
02 Two Thousand and Seventeen
03 LA Trance
04 Tremper
05 Lush
06 Scientists
07 Falls 2
08 You Are Loved
09 SW9 9SL
10 10 Midi
11 Memories
12 Daughters
13 Gentle Soul
14 Planets
Revisit Four Tet 's Pitchfork Music Festival Paris set :
A Brooklyn performance artist had an opening in a local gallery this weekend for her next big piece : a live birth .
Marni Kotak , who is 36 and eight months pregnant , is planning to go through the birth of her first child in front of an audience in an art gallery in the Bushwick neighborhood . The gallery has installed a shower and a refrigerator and already has about 15 people signed up to watch .
In preparation for this weekend 's “ opening ” at the Microscope Gallery , Kotak also brought along her grandmother 's bed , a rocking chair and her own paintings that are related to her pregnancy , including a framed sonogram .
On Monday , she met with her midwife and doula in the space where she expects to give birth any minute , though on the gallery website the “ Birth of Baby X ” installation is officially supposed to run “ October 8-November 7 . ”
This is not Kotak 's first , uh , unconventional work . She also staged reenactments of losing her virginity and attending her grandfather 's funeral , according to the website .
