The IT Crowd : 10 Years Later
You best put seat belts on your ears , 'cause I 'm going to take them for the ride of their lives .
I recently revisited my favorite nerdy show ever , The IT Crowd ; a small British sitcom that ran on Channel Four in the UK for four seasons from 2006-2010 , including a special reunion episode that aired in 2013 . The show chronicles the daily hijinks of three wacky individuals working in the technical support department of a large corporation run by a troublemaking boss . The cast includes Chris O'Dowd ( Bridesmaids , The Program ) as Roy , Richard Ayoade ( The Watch , The Double ) as Moss , Katherine Parkinson ( The Kennedys , How to Lose Friends and Alienate People ) as Jen , and Matt Berry ( Snow White and the Huntsman , Toast of London ) as Douglas .
I ca n't emphasize how great the chemistry is between these four actors . There are so many subtle mannerisms that each character exhibits that makes them so darn likable . Roy is always angry at something ; Moss is a clueless yet brilliant man who comes up with the funniest nerdy catchphrases ; Jen is the head of IT who knows nothing about computers ; and Douglas is the idiotic , misogynistic doofus of a boss .
This show has so much to offer , from its commentary on our reliance on technology , to relationships in the workplace . Common sitcom situations , like having to tolerate technical support , focus on how frustrating it is on the other side . Hence the most notable catchphrase in the show is “ Have you tried turning it off and on again ? ” There 's also lots brilliant of commentary on nerd culture . If you have n't checked this show out , it 's incredible and currently streaming on Netflix .
Let 's celebrate the tenth anniversary of The IT Crowd with the ten best moments from the show .
10 )
“ Here lies a great man… FATHAAAAAAAAAA ! ”
9 )
“ This , Jen , is the internet . ”
8 )
“ Ca n't mourn all the ruddy day ! ”
7 )
“ Well… THAT 'S easy to remember ! ”
6 )
“ Did you see that ludicrous display last night ? ”
5 )
“ El numero uno . Mr. Big . The Godfather . Lord of the Rings . The Bourne… Identity . Jaws . ”
4 )
“ I 'm disabled ! ”
3 )
“ Well that is something and a half ! ”
2 )
“ Somebody calls a f * * * * * * ambulance ! ”
1 )
“ I 've been planning that for ages – the look on your face ! ”
What is your favorite moment from The IT Crowd ? Let us know in the comments below !
A Florida woman has had her eye glued shut for a week since a friend accidentally poured glue into her eyes instead of eye droppings .
Now , Katherine Gaydos ca n't afford surgery to treat her injury .
The single mother of two told ABC affiliate WPBF that she was being seen by a doctor who discontinued treatment and postponed surgery until she could find a way to afford it .
“ He was talking about doing surgery to try and save my eye , but now I do n't know what to do – I do n't have a job , no insurance or any money , ” she told WPBF .
Gaydos ' nightmare started last week when she accidentally got debris in her eye while using a leaf blower .
“ Something blew into my eye , ” Gaydos said . “ I screamed for someone else to get eye drops out of my purse , and they brought superglue and poured it into my eye . I closed my eye and screamed and called 911 . ”
The company Super Glue recommends people immediately wash their eyes out with water as soon after getting it into their eyes , and to not pry their eyes open .
Sticky situations like this one have been reported in the past . In 2008 , an Arizona woman made the same mistake as Gaydos ' friend . Last month in Canada , a receptionist with no medical experience accidentally applied medical glue for a cut on a boy 's eye .
We 're partnering with @ BBCNIreland to deliver a Connected Home Roadshow as part of @ NISciFest !
What is it ?
If you like the thought of controlling your lights from the comfort of your armchair , a coffee pot that tells you how much is left or plants that water themselves , then do n't miss BBC Make It Digital 's Connected Home Roadshow as part of the NI Science Festival 2016 .
We 've been busy in the workshop building and testing the gadgets to show you how they could make a difference in your own home right now !
There 's also a chance to get a first hands-on look at the BBC micro : bit , a pocket-sized codeable computer that 'll be given to every Year 7 pupil or equivalent across the UK . Come and see what it can do !
The event is free but find out more information here : http : //bbc.in/1L0CxE3
Locations
Outside Belfast City Hall
Thursday 18th February , 3-9pm
Friday 19th February , 10am-7pm
The ARC , Titanic Quarter
( between W5 & Titanic Belfast )
Saturday 20th February , 10am-6pm
Links/Details
MOSCOW -- NATO 's insistence that it is a defensive alliance has always received short shrift in Russia . So when the alliance approved plans to deter Russian aggression by bolstering its eastern flank , the icy reaction of the Russian media came as no surprise .
The tone of the outrage varied greatly , but the opposition was largely uniform across mainstream TV , radio , and print media after NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg announced that a multinational NATO force will be rotated through the countries of Eastern Europe to deter Russian aggression .
Pro-Kremlin news and commentary website Vzglyad cast the plans as the building blocks of a NATO “ beachhead ” on Russia 's doorstep that would “ fracture the foundations ” of European security .
Vzglyad characterized NATO 's announcement of rotations and regular exercises -- rather than a permanent base -- as a “ sneaky ” way to get around a promise , in the 1997 NATO-Russia Founding Act , to defend itself without “ additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces ” near Russia “ in the current and foreseeable security environment . ”
“ The tactic of ‘ getting around ' rather than once and for all tearing up [ the Founding Act ] is most likely being conducted because of pressure from a range of Western European countries , primarily Germany , which are not interested in unnecessarily provoking a Russian response , ” Vzglyad wrote .
The tone on TV , radio , and social media was more vitriolic .
And state TV tried to turn NATO 's assurances that it poses no threat to Russia on their head , calling any notion of Russian aggression a `` myth . ''
“ The NATO secretary-general is in no hurry to ease relations , ” watchers of the Vesti evening news program were told on February 10 , not long after Stoltenberg spoke . “ On the contrary , while frightening the world about the myth of Russian aggression , he intends to increase the military presence in Eastern Europe . ”
The number of troops to be involved in the NATO exercises will be decided at an alliance summit in Warsaw in June . The plans may help allay fears , particularly among NATO 's easternmost member states , sparked by Russia 's 2014 takeover of Crimea and its backing for separatists in a conflict that has killed more than 9,000 people in eastern Ukraine . Russia denies it has sent regular troops into eastern Ukraine , despite mounting evidence .
Aleksei Pushkov , head of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the State Duma , the lower house of the Russian parliament , took the idea of NATO promulgating the `` myth '' of a Russian threat to social media .
“ The NATO secretary-general says that the alliance is not going to fight [ Islamic State ] . Understood . That 's not NATO 's role . Its main task is confrontation with Russia amid commotion over the Russian threat . ”
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova opined that Brussels had dreamed up the Russian threat to make itself feel better after proving unable to resist Islamist militants on the continent .
“ Take a look at the terrorist attacks in Paris , for instance . Did NATO fall on the grenade to protect everyone from the terrorists ? No , of course not , because it is not capable of this , ” Zakharova said in comments carried by the Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper on February 10 .
Newspapers including the popular tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda latched onto a comment from Ruslan Balbek , a member of the Russian-imposed government of Crimea , who said NATO 's deployment plans were a blatant psychological test of Russia 's resilience .
“ NATO has dropped its sheep 's clothing and intends to rattle the saber . But nobody has ever succeeded in scaring Russia , and nobody will ever succeed , ” he said .
Igor Korotchenko , the pro-Kremlin editor-in-chief of National Defense magazine , hit the airwaves to accuse NATO of gearing up for war on Russia .
He told Vesti FM listeners that NATO is “ working on real plans to conduct military action against Russia in the European theater of military activity . ”
“ This would seem completely unthinkable in the context of the 21st century , in the context of a global world . But unfortunately this is the reality . And we need to take these realities into account , ” Korotchenko said .
He was clear on how the Kremlin should respond .
“ We must understand that the only guarantee that the U.S. and NATO plans do not become reality is an increase in the readiness of the armed forces , the work of the military industrial complex , and of course the development of our strategic nuclear forces that are the guarantee against large-scale aggression against our country . ”
The boy became ill after eating tacos at a stand in Tijuana and died weeks later , his family said . NBC 7 's Astrid Solorzano reports . ( Published Tuesday , Aug. 8 , 2017 )
A Normal Heights family is looking for answers after doctors say their 11-year-old son died from an unknown bacterium .
Juan Osiris Covarrubias of Normal Heights fainted at a youth football practice on Friday , August 2 and died two days later .
The child suffered from diarrhea , vomiting , and dehydration for more than two weeks , family members said .
NBC 7 first reported Tuesday that the Covarrubias family said a bacterium was likely contracted after Juan ate tacos at a stand in Tijuana , Mexico .
However , as of Wednesday , the San Diego County Medical Examiner 's Office and Rady Children 's Hospital could not confirm bacteria as the cause of death . There was also no confirmation the source of the child 's illness was a taco stand in Tijuana .
The family said they traveled to Tijuana on July 24 to pick up his grandmother . On their way back to the border that evening , the family stopped at a taco stand they had never gone to before .
`` We passed by the stand , a big stand , people coming and going , '' said Celeste Alaniz , Juan 's aunt . `` It looked really good , and he said , 'Tia that 's the place . ' ''
The family ate at the stand and came back to their home in San Diego .
`` He was normal . He was fine . All of us were fine , '' Alaniz said . `` He was fine all week . ''
But a week and a half later , the symptoms began .
`` Diarrhea , vomiting , fever , dehydrated , pale , '' Alaniz said .
Alaniz told NBC 7 the symptoms dragged on and off . Last Friday , Juan finally felt well enough to go to football practice at the park near Clark Middle School .
But after a couple of drills , Juan became sick again .
`` My brother said when he walked towards him , that 's when he fainted , '' Alaniz said . `` He fainted and he fell face first . ''
Juan was taken to the Rady Children 's hospital . Juan 's organs had been shutting down for weeks , the family told NBC 7 .
He died on Sunday afternoon . The family said doctors are looking for answers .
`` They did say it was of bacteria , but up to now they do n't know exactly what bacteria it is , '' Alaniz said .
At this time there is no medical evidence linking the illness to the taco stand . An autopsy will determine the cause of death .
The San Diego County Medical Examiner 's Office has waived their investigation on this case , a spokesperson said .
Rady Children 's Hospital has conducted tests to determine if a bacterium contributed to the child 's death , according to hospital spokesperson Carlos Delago .
Delgado said the parents have not authorized the hospital to release the results of the tests to NBC 7 .
The family has set up a GoFundMe page to cover the cost of funeral expenses .
Ed . Note : This article has been updated to include responses from the San Diego County Medical Examiner 's Office and a spokesperson at Rady Children 's Hospital .
DRAPER — Every good story begins with a piece of the past . In this case , the past is found on a shelf in the back of an old shop behind John Bruce 's home — a shop where everything is coated in a glaze of sawdust .
`` The skin of it is quarter-inch eight-ply baltic birch , '' Bruce said , holding out a small piece of plywood . It 's a piece of the infamous `` Spruce Goose , '' the wooden airplane built by billionaire Howard Hughes .
Bruce 's father , sporting a strong set of mutton chops in a framed photo displayed in the shop , actually worked on the Spruce Goose .
`` He was a hobby woodworker his whole life , '' Bruce said . `` When I was a Cub Scout , he taught me how to sharpen a knife , and the first thing I did was I whittled off a little piece of my finger . ''
Bruce inherited something from his dad — and the mutton chops run in the family .
`` Family tradition , '' Bruce said , smiling with the same style of facial hair . `` My brother has them , I have them — my sister does n't . ''
Bruce 's true inheritance was a love of the old craft of woodworking , which is why he practically lives in this enormous shop .
`` I mean , if you 've got a place like this , you want to play , '' he said .
Bruce is a man brimming over with stories — he says he 's `` plagued with stories . '' Some of those stories are on display , represented by small birdhouses on a piece of art he created .
`` The time I spent in the Coast Guard , when I was a lighthouse keeper in Alaska , '' he said , pointing to different birdhouses . `` This one represents when I got arrested in Yugoslavia for spying . Long story . ''
One of the many nutcrackers Bruce 's friends have painted for him . ( Photo : Ray Boone , KSL-TV )
Now retired , Bruce 's life is filled with quiet moments . He reaches for an old stereo , covered in a piece of plastic to protect it from the flying sawdust . He plays one of his favorite pieces , Tchaikovsky 's `` Nutcracker Suite , '' and gets to work .
Bruce takes pride in his work — he 's a man who runs an industry of one .
`` Just knocking off that little bur , they 'd think that was sufficient , '' he said , critiquing the work of others , shaking his head while sculpting a piece of wood . `` Not mine . That 's one of the things that set my nutcrackers apart . ''
Bruce 's story can be whittled down to one thing : nutcrackers .
`` There 's a number of people , when they start looking for a nutcracker to paint , they start searching the Internet , and usually my name is the one that comes up , '' he said .
Bruce spent years of his life making nutcrackers by hand . Even in retirement , he 's still at it . He says it 's a tradition that started with woodworkers in Germany .
`` The Erzgebirge mountain range , '' he said , referring to the specific area . `` They did mine there , and then when the mining kind of dried up , they needed something to do . ''
At some point , nutcrackers became a staple of the holidays , which makes this a busy time of year for Bruce .
Bruce laughs about his family 's tradition of mutton chops . ( Photo : Ray Boone , KSL-TV )
`` Exactly why Christmas , I 'm not positive , '' Bruce said , speaking of how the association came about . `` Nuts were a common thing at Christmastime , and the need to crack nuts was a common thing . ''
There was a stong demand for these nutcrackers , creating a tradition . Much to Bruce 's dismay , it 's a tradition that 's nearly dead .
`` I am the only one that does this kind of work , '' he said .
Bruce stands alone , holding back the hordes of mass-produced nutcrackers .
`` I do n't admire them at all , because so many of them are kind of ugly looking , '' he said . `` I mean , the ones from China are just … there 's a place up in Washington that makes what they are calling nutcrackers , and I think , 'That is an insult to call that a nutcracker . ' ''
This modern day Geppetto crafts every Pinocchio by hand , and lets his customers bring them to life with their own painting . He has hundreds of varieties available on his website , and even takes custom orders .
Howard Hughes ' `` Spruce Goose , '' which Bruce 's dad worked on . ( Photo : Ray Boone , KSL-TV )
`` The ones that want something that 's really good that they will hand down , yes , they come to me , '' he said .
In many ways , Bruce 's story is that of a man born in the wrong century .
`` Not to dance on anybody 's grave , but I 've heard that Steinbach has basically gone bankrupt , '' he said . `` They are the name in nutcrackers in the world , and here I am , still doing my little thing . ''
Every good story ends with a piece of the future — something uplifting , like a `` Happily Ever After . '' But this is Bruce 's story , and when it comes to handing down this old tradition , he does n't have much to say .
`` It 'd be nice to see it preserved , but I 'm not sure what you can look forward to down the road , '' he said . `` I ca n't say I 'm wildly optimistic , if you want to put it that way . ''
You can see some of the nutcrackers Bruce creates by visiting his website , Bruce 's Woodworks .
×
Photos
Tod Kujawa lifts a lobster from the lobster boil , Feb. 18 , 2013 at Smack Shack in downtown Minneapolis . The restaurant was part of a winning bid for a new concession at MSP Airport .
It 'll be `` so long '' Chili 's Too , and `` hello '' craft beers at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport .
The Metropolitan Airports Commission approved a set of new concession bids Monday , as a once-a-decade-or-so refresh of retail and restaurant offerings in Terminal 1 moves forward .
There are about 130 different locations in the airport , and 50 of them were put out for proposals this year . Newsstands , convenience shops and other retailers made up the bulk of the proposals , including Flirt Boutique lingerie shop and a bookstore developed with the Loft Literary Center . Both businesses were accepted .
The MAC received 20 food and restaurant bids , some from new entrants who fought to gain access to the airport 's hungry customers , many with time on their hands . More than 35 million travelers passed through the airport last year .
The new Stone Arch restaurant will take over the space currently occupied by Chili 's Too . It 's a partnership including the Minnesota Craft Brewers Guild and will take one of the three largest restaurant locations at the airport .
Guild president Dan Schwarz says exposure at the airport will help the state 's beer industry as `` travelers from all over the state and all over the world , all over the United States come and sample what we 're doing here in Minnesota . ''
Katy Gerdes showed her donuts to Metropolitan Airports Commissioner Lisa Peilen after Gerdes 's Angel Food Bakery won a spot at the airport . Tim Nelson | MPR News
The biggest battle for business this year pitted a partnership led by Buffalo Wild Wings , Leeann Chin and Dunkin ' Donuts against another group that included a Minnesota Twins Grill — pitched by owners of the baseball team — Angel Food Bakery and Smack Shack , a popular North Loop seafood restaurant .
Despite a staff recommendation that would have put a Buffalo Wild Wings in C Concourse , the MAC opted to give the spot currently occupied by TGI Fridays to the Twins , in partnership with their concessionaire , Delaware North . Cynthia Gerdes , a founder of Minneapolis ' Hell 's Kitchen , will be one of the new restaurant 's operators . Her daughter , Katy , won a spot for her Angel Food Bakery donuts .
The emphasis on local was intentional , said Twins President Dave St. Peter , `` one that 's really focused day-in and day-out on delivering high quality food , including some of the signature brands that are at Target Field that are all about Minnesota . ''
Bids for a new music venue at the airport were hard fought , as well . Republic , a Minneapolis restaurant and craft beer bar , with McNally Smith College of Music won a spot at MSP . Uptown 's Barbette and the Cedar Cultural Center made a case , but ultimately lost out to the Republic partnership .
The airport locations were divided into 14 different packages , and the parties had to partner with a variety of other businesses and concession operators to put the bids together . The transition will start in October and take about 18 months to complete .
The rest of the airport 's food and concessions locations will be back up for bid in 2017 .
LONDON , April 22 ( Reuters ) - Britain has blocked efforts by oil major Royal Dutch Shell to settle a $ 2.3 billion debt it owes Iran by paying in kind with grains or pharmaceuticals , industry sources said .
Shell has been trying for months to find a way to work around international sanctions that prevent it paying in currency for crude it bought from the National Iranian Oil Company before a European Union embargo on Iran that started last July .
The sources said the British government was reluctant to provide relief for the Iranian economy when Western powers are using sanctions to apply financial pressure on Tehran to dismantle its nuclear programme .
“ The view is that does n't make sense to smooth the way for a payment that helps Iran when government is trying to press Iran to negotiate , ” said an industry source .
A government spokesman declined comment on the Shell case but said : “ The government fully backs the tough regime of EU sanctions that have been put in place against Iran . ”
Talks earlier this month between Iran and six world powers including Britain failed to make progress in resolving a decade-old dispute around Iran 's nuclear progress . Another round of negotiations has been scheduled for May 21 .
The industry sources said Shell in February explored with the British government the possibility of asking British pharmaceuticals maker GSK to deliver medicines to Iran in a payment-in-kind deal known as an offset agreement .
GSK said it had not been approached or held any discussions on the matter . Shell declined comment .
In October , the Anglo-Dutch oil company sought permission for an offset agreement that would have seen U.S. agricultural trader Cargill deliver grain to Iran .
Following publication by Reuters , Dutch foreign minister Frans Timmermans in a letter to parliament acknowledged the proposal , saying : “ As in all sanctions regimes there are some carefully defined exceptions applicable for which in certain cases an exemption can be granted by national governments . ”
Meetings were held with Cargill but , said the industry sources , the proposal was turned down by the British government . Cargill and Shell both declined comment at the time .
MAINTAINING IRAN RELATIONSHIP
The sources said the oil company wanted to repay its debt to NIOC to maintain cordial relations with Iran , one of the biggest producers in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries .
“ Politics come and go but it 's in the interests of Shell and its shareholders to pay its debts and maintain a relationship with a leading oil producer like Iran , ” said one of the sources .
Shell revealed in a March filing to U.S. regulatory authorities that it owed Tehran $ 2.3 billion and made a net loss of $ 6 million trading Iranian oil in 2012 . Unlike its rivals , Shell continued trading with Iran under a provision for pre-existing contracts close to the EU 's June 30 deadline before the embargo . The debt is for oil purchased in 2011 and 2012 .
Iran 's oil revenues have fallen by about 50 percent since sanctions were imposed last year , and regional economists believe it has been forced to draw on its foreign reserves to help buy essentials like grains .
But with an estimated $ 100 billion of foreign reserves at the start of 2012 , thanks to high oil prices , the Iranian economy is far from collapse .
The International Monetary Fund said last week that while sanctions had frozen Iran out of the international banking system , Tehran was avoiding a balance-of-payments crisis and should emerge from recession in 2014 .
Food and medicine are among the humanitarian goods not barred by U.S. and European sanctions but , isolated from international banking , Iran has been forced to pay a premium for grain imports .
Washington has tried to restrict countries like China , India , South Korea and Japan that still buy Iranian oil to paying for shipments by the barter of approved goods - including food and medicine .
U.S. sanctions state that funds used to pay for oil must remain in a bank account in the purchasing country and can be used only for non-sanctioned , bilateral trade between that country and Iran . Any bank that repatriates the money or transfers it to a third country faces a U.S. sanction risk .
Nevertheless , said the industry sources , it appears the British government would rather Iran be obliged to spend foreign reserves or use oil revenues to barter for essential imports than benefit from shipments of humanitarian goods paid for by Shell debt .
WASHINGTON – United Launch Alliance announced April 8 that it has indefinitely delayed the next launch of its Atlas 5 rocket after the most recent launch of a Cygnus cargo spacecraft included a premature shutdown of the first stage engine .
ULA had planned to use its workhorse Atlas 5 rocket to launch a U.S. Navy narrowband communications satellite May 5 . But during the March 22 launch of the OA-6 mission , used to deliver cargo to the International Space Station , the Atlas 5 's first stage engine shut down six seconds early , requiring the upper stage to fire more than a minute longer than planned to place the spacecraft into the proper orbit .
ULA officials said March 27 they would push back the launch of their next Atlas 5 mission , known as Mobile User Objective System-5 , by at least a week to no earlier than May 12 .
Then late April 8 , the company said in a three-sentence press release that “ the Atlas 5 MUOS-5 launch is delayed and indefinite on the Eastern Range due to ongoing evaluation of the first stage anomaly experienced during the OA-6 mission . ”
Tory Bruno , president and chief executive of ULA , wrote in a March 25 post on Reddit.com that the company has a “ pretty good idea about the cause , but wo n't share until we are sure . ”
As in earlier releases , ULA stressed in the April 8 announcement that it considered the March 22 launch a successful mission after placing the Cygnus cargo spacecraft into its planned orbit . That spacecraft arrived at the International Space Station March 26 .
The longer-than-expected upper stage burn consumed fuel the rocket 's RL10-powered upper stage needed for an 11-second deorbit burn to drop the spent stage into the ocean south of Australia . Because of the anomaly , the de-orbit burn shut down 8 seconds early , causing the stage to reenter further east than planned in an uninhabited stretch of ocean .
The brewers are getting restless in Nisswa , MN .
The brewers of Nisswa Minnesota want to be able to sell growlers of their beer on Sundays . The only problem , the Nisswa City Council wo n't allow it .
Last year 's legalization of Sunday growler sales has seen widespread success across the Minnesota . However , one of the stipulations of the new law states that brewers must gain approval from their local municipality before being able to take part in the delicious freedom of convenient commerce . So , you have Nisswa Minnesota .
After twice asking , and twice being voted down , the local brewers of Big Axe and Gull Dam are gathering signatures and hoping that the third time is the charm . If anything , obstacles like these lend credence to the opinion that when Sunday liquor sales are legalized , it should be legalized statewide .
Comments
comments
Alexei Gorulenko on board of rescuers ' helicopter . Picture : Russian Ministry of Emergencies
Four men vanished in the Siberian taiga as winter approached , and only two came out alive , cold and seriously malnourished several months later .
The 39 year old widow claimed the two survivors ate her husband 'bit by bit until only the skull was left ' .
The court upheld Alexei Gorulenko 's insistence that this was not murder or manslaughter , but he was convicted of causing bodily harm and given a suspended three and a half year sentence . The other survivor Alexander Abdullaev , 38 , was treated by the court as a witness and not punished .
Both men had acknowledged that they ate their companion , 44 year old Andrei Kurochkin , to survive .
In a rambling statement , Abdullaev said he ate his friend 'but not because I was hungry . I had another reason , ' reports say . He declined to say what it was .
Andrei Kurochkin with wife Olga , left and daughter Alyona . Picture : The Siberian Times
The prosecution at the trial in Neryungri in the Sakha Republic alleged Gorulenko beat Korochkin , who died three days later , and said Abdullaev admitted the two fishermen then dismembered , cooked and ate the man 's corpse . The court heard they carried his body with them as they sought to escape their frozen hell .
The suspended sentence was greeted with disbelief by the widow , who said : ' I am shocked by the decision of this judge .
' I am shocked with this verdict , and with the work of investigator who dealt with the case . Nobody expected it to end like this , that a cannibal walks free with a suspended sentence . I just ca n't understand what the judge was thinking about when produced such a verdict for Gorulenko ' .
The crime he was convicted of carries a maximum sentence of eight years in jail and she was 'appalled ' that her husband 's former close friend avoided prison .
However , Russian law does not treat the act of cannibalism as a crime .
Procesutors had sought ten years for Gorulenko , but the judge reduced the original murder charge .
Alexei Gorulenko with wife Irina ; another survivor Alexander Abdullaev getting on board of rescuers ' helicopter , pictured inside the helicopter on his own and together with Alexei Gorulenko . Pictures : Russian Ministry of Emergencies , The Siberian Times
Kurochkina is now to appeal the verdict . 'The last recorded acts of forced cannibalism were in besieged Leningrad ( during World War Two ) and under the rules of war , people performing it were executed , ' she said . 'Modern Russia can not tell these people to 'enjoy their meal ' .
Gorulenko 'has n't spoken to me once . He did n't call , he did n't explain what happened in the taiga . He did n't even say sorry ... you know like people do ' .
'And he was Andrey 's childhood friend . He has now gone back to fishing and this summer he will return to the taiga ' .
Earlier Kurochkina had appealed to President Vladimir Putin after fearing the case was not being properly investigated .
A fourth man Vladimir Komarov remains missing , presumed dead .
The men had gone on a fishing trip when their vehicle was swept away in a flood , in the remote taiga , or wilderness , in the diamond-rich region .
Heading into this offseason I was fairly confident that we would see the Mariners acquire two significant pieces , one a free-agent signing and the other most likely through a trade . We have seen the major free-agent signing with Nelson Cruz but it is looking less and less likely that we will see that big trade . This is surprising to me and interesting at the same time .
The Mariners have drawn a line in the sand . General manager Jack Zduriencik has said repeatedly that he could not see himself giving up young , club-controllable players for short-term rentals . There may have been an opportunity to pick up Justin Upton last week . I say “ may have been ” because we simply do n't know what Atlanta asked the Mariners for in return . It is not as simple as figuring out what the equivalent would be to what the Padres gave up . The demands from the Mariners could have been very different . But if it was something closer to the return from the Padres , I find it very interesting Zduriencik did n't pull the trigger on that deal .
One thing we have heard since the day Zduriencik signed on with the Mariners is that his goal is not just to build a team to get to the postseason but to build an organization that will be able to provide the talent and resources to be in competition to get there year-in and year-out . For all the talk from those outside of the organization about the small window of opportunity with Felix Hernandez and Robinson Cano in their primes , the hope is that window stays open with players like James Paxton and Taijuan Walker taking the baton in the next few years .
While we saw a false start of sorts with the core of young players – with Justin Smoak and Jesus Montero not coming close to expectations and Dustin Ackley earning an incomplete grade so far – the second wave looks more promising with Brad Miller showing flashes and generating an enormous amount of interest from the outside and Mike Zunino stepping up to lead and handle a very challenging pitching staff . There 's also Chris Taylor , who maybe has n't been playing long enough for the league to make an adjustment to him but was still unflinching , steady in the field and steady at the plate in his first exposure to the big leagues .
Then there is the pitching . While the next top arms are still a few years away , the second tier again is very strong . You have the prizes in Paxton and Walker . There is Roenis Elias , who was seemingly pulled out of mid-air , and then that bullpen , mostly young and mostly home-grown . The second wave is promising and I have n't even mentioned D.J . Peterson .
I can see the reluctance to not give up any of the names mentioned above , although I should point out that Zduriencik is a never-say-never type guy . It is unlikely we could see those names moved but not completely out of the question for some of them . The preference , however , will always be not to . Zduriencik and the organization believes in this group . They dug in a year ago . I think back to a end of the 2013 season when everyone and their mailman was asking me if I thought Zduriencik , manager Eric Wedge and perhaps others up the ladder would be fired . My feeling was that it would be all or none , they would either scrap the whole thing or dig in , and they dug in .
I heard it in the first comments from Kevin Mather in his session with a small group of media members shortly after he was promoted to team president . They were supporting “ the plan ” , and it appeared that despite the fact that it was taking longer to see the rewards , they believed in it .
It would appear they are acting accordingly now . Obviously , there have been no panic moves to get that final piece for that one shot they have next year . I am inclined to question if Zduriencik has been too conservative this offseason when it comes to giving up young talent , but I ca n't say for certain without knowing what was actually available to him and at what cost . Time will tell if keeping the young players pays off .
A deal he did pull the trigger on was Justin Ruggiano for Matt Brazis . I look at Ruggiano as a good half of a right-field platoon . If he truly is that then it would appear that Zduriencik made a good trade for little cost . He dealt from strength and gave up something he most likely would not have used in 2015 .
What is interesting here is this is the kind of trade that seems to have been Zduriencik 's preference in the recent past . Nothing splashy , nothing costly , one for one to get him something that he needs . Nick Franklin for Austin Jackson , Carter Capps for Logan Morrison , Stephen Pryor for Kendrys Morales . Obviously , Morales did n't work out , but if Jackson and Ruggiano play to their career numbers and Morrison picks up somewhere in the neighborhood of where he left off last year , then two and-a-half of the Mariners ' starting nine will have been picked up for next to nothing .
As I said , time will tell , but the interesting thing for me is figuring out what exactly we are seeing right now . Is Zduriencik holding onto players because he values them for the future ? Is he holding onto them in hopes that there is something better available later in the season ? Are the days of his one-for-four or three-for-one trades over ? The offseason is not yet over and we very well could see a trade or two , but so far this winter the moves that have n't been made are as interesting as those that were .
Indigenous Australians commit crimes and are imprisoned at a disproportionately high rate in Australia . According to one source , there is `` gross overrepresentation of Indigenous offenders at all stages of the criminal justice system '' . [ 1 ] The 2016 Australian Census documented that there were 649,171 Indigenous people , who are either Australian Aborigines or Torres Strait Islanders , in Australia , accounting for 2.8 percent of the population .
Australian Bureau of Statistics figures show that in 2017 Indigenous Australians accounted for around 28 % of Australia 's prison population . [ 2 ] The Australian government and local Indigenous groups have responded to these trends with numerous programs and measures .
Issues [ edit ]
Prisoners [ edit ]
Australian Bureau of Statistics figures showed that Indigenous people accounted for 25 percent of Australia 's prison population in 2009 . [ 3 ] The age-standardised imprisonment rate for Indigenous people was 1,891 people per 100,000 of adult population , while for non-Indigenous people it was 136 , which meant that the imprisonment rate for Indigenous people was 14 times higher than that of non-Indigenous people . The imprisonment rate for Indigenous people had increased from 1,248 per 100,000 of adult population in 2000 , while it remained stable for non-Indigenous people . [ 4 ]
Indigenous men accounted for 92 percent of all Indigenous prisoners , while for non-Indigenous people the rate was 93 percent . [ 5 ] Seventy-four percent of Indigenous prisoners had been imprisoned previously , while the rate for non-Indigenous prisoners was fifty percent . [ 6 ] Chris Graham of the National Indigenous Times calculated in 2008 that the imprisonment rate of Indigenous Australians is five times higher than that of black men in South Africa at the end of apartheid . [ 7 ]
A leading researcher in prison reform , Gerry Georgatos , revealed on a national television program that in Western Australia 1 in 13 of all Aboriginal adult males is in prison . He stated that this is the highest jailing rate in the world from `` a racialised lens '' . [ 8 ]
Violence [ edit ]
Violence in Indigenous communities is disproportionately high . The main source of information on homicides is the National Homicide Monitoring Program ( NHMP ) , which was established in 1990 at the Australian Institute of Criminology . Data showed that from 1 July 1989 to 30 June 2000 , 15.7 percent of homicide offenders and 15.1 percent of homicide victims were Indigenous , despite the fact that they made up only 2 percent of the population in 2000 . The NHMP data is gathered from police records , which may not always identify race accurately ; in some cases the assessment of a person 's race is left to the police themselves . Because of this , it is likely that Indigenous people are involved in more homicides than the statistics suggest . [ 9 ] In 2011-2012 , the percentage of aboriginal homicide offenders decreased to 11 percent and victims to 13 percent . [ 10 ]
Age-standardised figures in 2002 showed that 20 percent of Indigenous people were the victims of physical or threatened violence in the previous 12 months , while the rate for non-Indigenous people was 9 percent . [ 11 ]
Family violence and child abuse [ edit ]
The incidence of child abuse in Indigenous communities , including sexual abuse and neglect , is high in comparison with non-Indigenous communities . However the data is limited , with most coming from child protection reports . [ 12 ] The Australian Institute of Health and Welfare gathered data for 2008–2009 on children aged 0–16 who were the subject of a confirmed child abuse report . It showed that Indigenous children accounted for 25 percent of the reports , despite making up only 4.6 percent of all Australian children ; there were 37.7 reports per 1,000 of Indigenous children and 5 reports per 1,000 of non-Indigenous children , that is , Indigenous children were 7.5 times more likely to be the subject of a child abuse report . [ 13 ]
The data showed that child sexual abuse was the least common form of abuse of Indigenous children , in contrast to media portrayals . Incidents of child abuse in Indigenous communities are under-reported . There are several explanations for this , including fear of the authorities ; denial ; fears that the child may be taken away ; and social pressure . [ 14 ] One explanation of the high number of incidents is that child abuse is more frequent among the poor , and the Indigenous community is significantly poorer than the non-Indigenous community . [ 15 ]
The issue of child abuse in Indigenous communities was looked at by the Northern Territory government , who in 2007 produced a report referred to as `` Little Children Are Sacred '' .
Family violence and sexual assault are at `` crisis levels '' in the Indigenous community , according to Monique Keel of the Australian Institute of Family Studies . [ 16 ] In 2002 the Western Australia government looked into the issue and conducted an inquiry , known as the Gordon inquiry after its lead investigator , Sue Gordon . The report , `` Inquiry into Response by Government Agencies to Complaints of Family Violence and Child Abuse in Aboriginal Communities '' , said that `` [ t ] he statistics paint a frightening picture of what could only be termed an 'epidemic ' of family violence and child abuse in Aboriginal communities . `` [ 17 ]
Illicit drug use [ edit ]
Data from 2004–2007 showed that illicit drug use by Indigenous people is twice as high as that of the general population . The data showed that 28 percent of Indigenous people aged 15 and above in non-remote areas had used illicit drugs in the previous 12 months , while the rate for non-Indigenous people aged 14 and above in all areas was 13 percent . The illicit drugs most used by Indigenous people are cannabis , amphetamines , analgesics , and ecstasy . Since the 1980s cannabis use by Indigenous people has increased substantially . Studies suggest that Indigenous people prefer amphetamines over heroin because it is cheaper and lasts longer . [ 18 ]
There is strong evidence of a link between substance abuse and violent behaviour in Indigenous communities . [ 19 ]
Deaths in custody [ edit ]
The Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody ( RCIADIC ) was set up in 1987 to investigate concerns over the number of Aboriginal deaths in custody . [ 20 ] The 1991 report of the same name found that the death rate in custody was in fact similar for both Indigenous and non-Indigenous people—a discovery that surprised many—and that the high number of Indigenous deaths in custody was explained by the disproportionate number of Indigenous people in custody relative to non-Indigenous people—a factor of 29 according to a 1988 report by the commission . [ 21 ] The issue resurfaced in 2004 when an Indigenous man , Mulrunji Doomadgee , died in custody in Palm Island , Queensland , an incident that caused riots on the island . [ 22 ] The police officer who had custody of Doomadgee was charged with manslaughter , and was found not guilty in June 2007 . [ 23 ]
Aboriginal deaths in custody have in some instances been attributed to `` a culture of racism , cronyism and cover-up '' within the police force . [ 24 ]
Refusal of bail [ edit ]
NSW studies in 1976 and 2004 found that Aboriginals were more likely to be refused bail than the general population . [ 25 ] [ 26 ] This is despite provisions in the Bail Amendment ( Repeat Offenders ) Act 2002 aiming to `` increase access to bail for Aboriginal persons and Torres Strait Islanders '' . [ 26 ]
Responses [ edit ]
Indigenous figure Noel Pearson has criticised government attempts at tackling the crime rate among Indigenous communities . [ 27 ]
Circle sentencing has been adopted as an alternative option for sentencing adult Aboriginal offenders . [ 28 ] Informed by the restorative justice approach , circle sentencing seeks to integrate Aboriginal customary tradition into the legal process .
Reports on the rates of Indigenous crime have also focused on reducing risk by targeting the socio-economic factors that may contribute to such trends . [ 29 ] Such factors include education , housing and the lack of employment opportunities for Indigenous Australians .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Charlie Hebdo Paris Shooting : Canadian politicians react
As Canada awoke to news of the mass shooting targeting Parisian satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo that has reportedly left as many as 12 dead and 10 injured , politicians from across the partisan spectrum took to Twitter to express their shock and sadness at the events . Kady O'Malley has more .
Social Sharing
Prime Minister Stephen Harper 'horrified ' by 'barbaric attacks '
A member of the media makes images of the front page of Charlie Hebdo which shows a caricature of French author Michel Houellebecq near the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo , a satirical newspaper , after twelve people , including two police officers , were killed in a shooting at the Paris offices of the satirical weekly magazine . ( Jacky Naegelen/Reuters ) Mobile users : Read the Storify of reaction to the attack here .
Popular Now Find more popular stories
Senate Republican leaders are desperately searching for the 50 votes they need to open a debate on ObamaCare repeal-and-replace legislation after a Wednesday scolding at the White House from President Trump .
Leaders have reopened negotiations on their previous bill , reversing course from their plans to move to a vote on a straight repeal of ObamaCare .
But it 's not clear if they will have any more luck this time in corralling enough centrist and conservative Republicans to move the bill forward .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) needs to win 50 votes to proceed and has faced opposition from conservatives , who believe the previous bill kept too much of ObamaCare , and centrists , who think it would leave too many people without affordable insurance .
GOP leaders have n't closed the door on bringing a straight repeal of ObamaCare , with a two-year delay , to the floor .
But Trump , who has given mixed messages on whether he wants to just repeal or simultaneously repeal and replace ObamaCare , on Wednesday told Republican senators at a White House lunch that repealing ObamaCare without a replacement was not an option .
“ We can repeal it , but we should repeal it and replace , and we should n't leave town until this is complete , until this bill is on my desk , ” Trump said .
McConnell appears to believe that if he can get the Senate to agree to open debate on an ObamaCare measure , he 'll have an opportunity to clear legislation by grinding away at his members . As the pressure intensifies , he clearly hopes that opposition will fall away .
But he first must get past the motion to proceed .
“ Next week , we 'll be voting on the motion to proceed , and I have every expectation that we 'll be able to get on the bill , ” McConnell told reporters Wednesday at the White House .
McConnell has failed three times so far to win the support that he needs .
A mix of conservative and centrist senators said they would oppose a procedural motion to begin work on an initial repeal-and-replace bill .
That led to a new round of negotiations and a second repeal-and-replace measure largely similar to the first bill .
On Monday , it became clear that the new bill also lacked the support to advance in the Senate .
McConnell then signaled he 'd abandon repeal-and-replace , saying the Senate would seek to advance legislation repealing ObamaCare — with no guarantee on any replacement .
Centrists then came out against that plan , too .
After the Trump meeting , GOP leaders changed course and signaled a third effort to win support for a repeal-and-replace bill .
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE ( R-Texas ) told reporters after the lunch that while the repeal-only bill might come to the floor , he preferred to negotiate a version of the repeal-and-replace bill , known as the Better Care Reconciliation Act ( BCRA ) .
“ If we can get an agreement here , my preference would be to start with the BCRA , agree to language — and I think we 're getting closer , ” he said .
Senators were expected to meet Wednesday evening in Sen. John Barrasso John Anthony BarrassoOvernight Energy : Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants MORE 's ( R-Wyo . ) office with Vice President Pence , Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Seema Verma , administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , to discuss the bill . At press time it was not clear which senators would attend the meeting .
“ There are going to be some meetings tonight up here with people who still have outstanding issues , and I think the question will be , yeah , can we find a way to get to yes ? ” said Sen. John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls : Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth , income Will Trump sign the border deal ? Here 's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump : Funding deal a 'down payment ' on wall MORE ( S.D . ) , the Senate 's No . 3 Republican .
Leaders face the same problem that has bedeviled them since the beginning . If the bill is moved to the right , moderate senators are lost . If the bill moves to the center , conservative senators defect .
The bill 's treatment of Medicaid is a major sticking point for moderates .
The latest attempt to win over members is being called a “ Medicaid wraparound . ”
This would allow states to take money allocated to them through Medicaid and use the money to cover healthcare expenses for people who no longer qualify for Medicaid because the program 's expansion ended .
The idea is to make up for the reduction of federal funding for ObamaCare 's Medicaid expansion , which would be curtailed by the Senate bill . Under the previous bill , states are given federal tax credits to help people who would no longer quality for Medicaid , but senators have expressed fears that this will not be a big enough pool — particularly considering the nation 's opioid epidemic .
But the plan would actually involve taking more money away from Medicaid , which would already see its federal funding reduced under the Senate bill .
Verma discussed the proposal at the White House lunch .
“ She explained very briefly , very , very briefly some of the parameters of what they 're calling this wraparound for Medicaid , ” said Sen. Lisa Murkowksi ( R-Alaska ) , one of the moderates who have threatened to vote against a motion to proceed to the bill .
Despite all the problems they 've had with their ObamaCare effort , a number of Senate Republicans said they believe they are close to getting enough votes on a repeal-and-replace bill .
McConnell 's move to bring a repeal-only bill to the floor “ brought it to a head , and he offered one way forward , ” Sen. Mike Rounds ( R-S.D . ) told The Hill after the lunch at the White House . “ A lot of us went back in and talked with leadership and said , ‘ Look , we 're close enough on this , we put a lot of work into this , we do n't want to go that route . ' ”
They are also facing increasing pressure from groups warning of political repercussions if they fail .
The conservative group FreedomWorks said they will hand out “ traitor ” awards to Republicans who oppose a healthcare procedural vote next week .
And the conservative Club for Growth said it will track the motion to proceed leading to a vote on a repeal-only bill as a “ key vote , ” warning that voting against it would be “ tantamount to supporting ObamaCare . ”
Alex Bolton contributed .
No sooner had my column posted last week stating that Democrats were plotting to play the gender card this election year by bringing up the so-called “ paycheck fairness ” issue than out comes an opinion piece in The Washington Post on Sunday by one of the most prominent poster children for it , Lilly Ledbetter , calling on President Obama to sign an executive order for equal pay .
Ledbetter says this action is needed because Congress wo n't pass the Paycheck Fairness Act , which in her words , “ would help create stronger incentives for employers to pay workers fairly , empower women to negotiate for equal pay and prohibit retaliation against employees who share salary information . ”
While it 's true the government has a legitimate role in protecting women from discrimination , federal and state laws already exist that prohibit sex-based discrimination . For a look at how Ms. Ledbetter failed to use those in her own case before the Supreme Court , read here .
Further , employers should be able to decide how they value the work performed for them by their employees , whether they be women or men . But according to Heritage analyst James Sherk , “ the Paycheck Fairness Act , in the name of protecting women from discrimination , allows employees to sue businesses that pay different workers different wages—even if those differences have nothing to do with the employees ' sex . These lawsuits can be brought for unlimited damages , giving a windfall to trial lawyers . Any financial benefits they reap , however , would come at the expense of workers . The PFA would hurt the very workers it is meant to help . ”
Finally , Ledbetter cites one report as proof the wage gap is a chronic problem , a 2012 study by the American Association of University Women . First , full disclaimer , the AAUW 's executive director has also called on Obama to bypass Congress on this issue . Second , it is only one study . Not overly persuasive when you consider the loads of studies showing a different conclusion .
According to Christina Hoff Sommers of the American Enterprise Institute , “ An analysis of more than 50 peer-reviewed papers , commissioned by the Labor Department , found that the so-called wage gap is mostly , and perhaps entirely , an artifact of the different choices men and women make—different fields of study , different professions , different balances between home and work . ”
The Supreme Court looked at Ledbetter 's case and concluded the facts did n't add up . Seems there is a pattern here .
High above the Long Beach skyline construction crews lifted a massive 3.1 million-pound piece of scaffolding on Tuesday , a testament to the everyday feats of engineering that have been unfolding along the waterfront since construction of a bridge connecting Long Beach to Terminal Island began in 2013 .
Workers in hard hats looked to the sky as a crew hoisted a $ 10 million steel piece of equipment designed in Norway and constructed in China , then moved by a super-powered jack .
“ Most cranes can lift a car or a couple of cars , but this is a magnitude larger than typical lifts , ” said Zeph Varley , an engineer for the Montreal-based WSP Global Inc. , who manages the project .
“ Anytime you lift something like three million pounds in the air , it is a big deal , ” he said .
• PHOTOS : See photos of the scaffolding being lifted into place
Longer than two football fields , the scaffolding system eliminates less reliable , traditional wooden scaffolding systems that can be more easily knocked out by wind or an earthquake .
The technology had never before been used to build a bridge in California , Varley said . But it can take months of planning to orchestrate the move — and even getting the mammoth piece of equipment in the right place will take weeks .
Already the equipment has helped build the westbound approach to the bridge , which will replace the 50-year old Gerald Desmond Bridge . The total cost of the project has reached $ 1.5 billion .
Iconic bridge
The cable-stayed bridge is touted by city officials and developers as a project that will redefine the Long Beach skyline , with two massive towers where cables will string out like a fan alongside the six-lane , 1.5 mile roadway .
Although construction is more than halfway complete , the bridge is one year behind schedule and $ 500 million over budget . The eastbound lanes and the main span still need to be finished before cars can barrel along the highway . It 's scheduled to open in late 2018 .
Meanwhile the project has not been without controversy .
Beyond skyrocketing costs , there were early disagreements between Long Beach and Caltrans over seismic specifications .
More recently a series of road closures have caused traffic delays and forced some truckers to reroute .
Weston LaBar , executive director at Harbor Trucking Association , said he 's fielded several complaints from truckers who have “ faced delays , reroutes and congestion as a result of bridge construction .
“ The quicker it 's completed the better , ” he said .
Saturday Night Live found gold in the early-to-mid-'00s thanks to the potent combination of stars Amy Poehler , Tina Fey , Rachel Dratch , and Maya Rudolph . Though the four actresses have worked together in various ways since , their real reunion comes this weekend in Sisters , a comedy that allows their ridiculous antics to fly freely once more . For Rudolph , who plays the buttoned up high school nemesis of Fey 's character , the film was a welcome opportunity to mix business with pleasure . Rudolph left SNL in 2007 and has appeared in various TV shows and movie projects , including husband Paul Thomas Anderson 's Inherent Vice . But all her success , the actress prefers projects like Sisters , which not only reunite her with the people she likes best , but also allow her to wear massive , hideous belts . We spoke with Rudolph about making movies with Fey and Poehler , aging , and why she 's okay wearing mom jeans now .
Getty Images
Did you have to audition for Sisters ?
Um , if they did make me audition for it , that would make me really mad ! They just said , 'Hey , come be in our movie . ' Truly , that 's exactly what happened .
Did they have the role already in mind for you ?
I knew that Paula [ Pell ] was writing it and Tina and Amy were doing it , but I had n't read anything yet . I just got a message from Tina saying , 'Hey , would you please come be in our movie ? You will play a lady named Brinda . ' And I could not be there faster . The name said everything . I knew exactly what that meant in Paula-speak . It took me two seconds to realize I was going to be a nightmare .
Do you like playing a nightmare of a person ?
I certainly had never been the arch-nemesis before . We were just making her as goofy as possible . I knew I was in good hands , so that 's when it 's fun . To play against Tina and try to figure out how awful I could go . To figure out how far you can go with it is actually really fun .
Watching the movie I wondered how often you guys could n't stop from laughing on set .
There was so much breaking . It was actually impossible not to . We know everybody 's buttons too , so we know what 's going to make the other person laugh . You 're trying to make it as funny as possible . It is really true that , with this particular group , we all come from an improv background that 's genuinely collective . Improv is a group sport , and everybody is trying to make it the best possible thing that they can , so we 're all adding to it in our own way . It 's a pile of joke upon joke .
What is it , specifically , that makes working with old friends so great ?
It 's the best possible thing . It 's the thing I love the most . For me , one of the hardest things about leaving Saturday Night Live was not being with those people and not being in a creative environment . They 're my favorite people . They know me inside and out , and I know them inside and out . We have something that has lasted for as long as we 've known each other . It 's so rare to have someone know your voice and you know theirs . It was a collaborative environment , and we all have this really unique thing that I have nowhere else in the world . It 's almost like when you hear about twins having their own language—we just understand each other .
On Her 'SNL ' Sisterhood : `` It 's almost like when you hear about twins having their own language—we just understand each other . ''
Will you be there when Tina and Amy host SNL this weekend ?
Oh , of course . I have to be there for that . It will be wonderful .
Rudolph in Universal Pictures
Do you still keep up with SNL ?
Sometimes . But I do n't stay up and watch it anymore . I do n't see it when it airs anymore . I 'm usually asleep . But for many years it was hard for me to not know what was going on on the show , though eventually I got a little more removed . Because it was everything to me and so I could n't know what was going on . And , when I left , a lot of my friends were still there ; now that the cast is turning over and there 's a lot of new people there , it helps heal those wounds . I love it there so much . It 's hard not to be there . It 's always going to be part of my life unlike any other job .
Is SNL more exciting to be part of during an election cycle ?
It 's certainly an exciting time [ because ] you ca n't believe the people who walk through the doors . The last time I was there and there was an election going on someone said , 'Do you want to play Obama ? ' I was like ' I do n't think it 's a good idea . ' And then he came in and we got to talking and we got to do a sketch together . That 's insane . It 's an insane time . And everybody 's paying attention to it .
They really wanted you to play Barack Obama ?
They did . We tried . It sucked . It was horrible . Even Obama himself said so . I had this little Brooks Brothers suit on and they gave me a very short wig . I felt a tap on my shoulder and it was him looking handsome and very tall . I looked like a little boy . I said , 'Well , what do you think ? ' and he just said , ' I do n't wear a three-button suit . ' There 's just some people you ca n't play .
Rudolph with John Leguizamo in Universal Pictures
Are you looking for something specific from the roles you take on now ?
Not born out of talking about this movie specifically , but I genuinely want to work with friends more than anything . It 's my favorite thing to do in the world . Those are the things that I 've enjoyed more than life itself . I 'm lucky enough to come from a community where people are always asking each other to do their stuff , and I feel like I could be content only doing friends ' movies . I just want to make sure that I 'm happy working , because if I 'm not then I would feel like a terrible mother and I should be home with my children .
`` I just want to make sure that I 'm happy working , because if I 'm not then I would feel like a terrible mother and I should be home with my children . ''
Did making Sisters get you to think about how far you 've personally come since high school ?
It did . The sweet thing about this movie is that it 's looking at it from the perspective of adulthood and dealing with present-day issues that involve us all once we 've graduated to adulthood . That , in comparison to high school , it 's really like , 'Oh my God , I 'm getting older . ' It does make you think . I love that they used all of our original high school-era photos in it . It 's sweet to see everybody when they were little people .
Does getting older scare you ?
The unknown factor , sure . But it 's also like , 'Ugh , that used to be so much easier ! Why did n't I appreciate that more ? ' We did [ SNL skit ] `` Mom Jeans '' and we thought it was hilarious that we padded our stomachs . And we all look like that now . That 's what we look like ! It 's so fucked up .
Wait , do you wear mom jeans for real now ?
I do enjoy a high-waisted jean now because it literally keeps in all my mom parts . I still have the look of a lady who 's had four children so a high-waisted jean is my best friend now , no joke . But it 's also become hip so I 'm seeing these beautiful , skinny millenials wearing mom jeans . I always thought they were ugly and they did n't have a sense of style , but now I 'm like , 'High-waisted ? Yes please ! Let 's tuck it all in ! '
Though it was never intentional , Christians in Iraq have suffered from U.S. action — and inaction — there , and the few who still remain represent a sort of living “ collateral damage . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
During the 2003 invasion , Iraqi Christians were often simultaneously viewed as Iraqis by the Americans , and as suspect “ co-religionists ” of the enemy by their neighbors . Such suspicion resulted in many Christian church bombings , and the kidnapping and murder of priests and lay people alike .
When the U.S. military left Iraq in 2011 , the plight of Christians worsened . Al-Qaeda morphed first into the Islamic State of Iraq and then into ISIS . Persecution metastasized into genocide .
The country 's Christian population has plummeted to about 200,000 from about 1.5 million in 2003 .
Now , as the traditional Christian homeland of the Nineveh Plain is being liberated , America may have its last opportunity to support pluralism and minority religious groups in Iraq .
Despite the liberation of their former towns , they can not return without real security . Even then , there may be no home for them to return to since these towns suffered terrible damage in the fighting .
In the best case scenario , rebuilding would take months or years , and enormous amounts of money .
And in addition to a lack of money , internal and regional political developments now threaten the future of Christians — and other indigenous , non-majority groups — as well .
America 's lack of financial support for those who survived ISIS ' genocide is shocking .
Half of the Christians remaining in Iraq now live just 50 miles east of Mosul in the Archdiocese of Erbil . Most are refugees from Nineveh .
They are supported entirely by the Archdiocese , which also assists many Yazidis . Of the tens of millions of dollars spent , all of it is from private sources , like the Knights of Columbus and the Italian Bishops Conference . The Archdiocese of Erbil has received no money from the United States or Iraqi governments , or from the United Nations .
The genocide started by ISIS , thus continues through attrition because of governmental or bureaucratic inaction .
The United States can do better . With billions of dollars having been spent by the American government in Iraq , a few million could easily be allocated to those who have lost everything but their faith , for their faith . They are victims of genocide and their communities risk disappearing forever .
Money is n't the only problem .
Christians feel increasingly unwelcome in their own country due to actions by both Turkey and Baghdad .
Turkey 's president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan recently said in a televised interview that Mosul should be inhabited only by “ Sunni Arabs , Sunni Kurds , and Sunni Turkmen. ” Though directed mostly at Shiite groups , his lack of concern or acknowledgment of Christians and Yazidis did not go unnoticed , nor did it bode well for these groups .
Now , the Obama administration is publicly pushing Iraq to allow Turkey 's involvement in the battle for Mosul , despite Baghdad 's objections , but it has been silent on Turkey 's proposal for the building of a Sunni-only enclave , which sounds eerily similar to ISIS ' plan for the region .
And just last week , the Iraqi parliament passed a proposal to prohibit alcohol . This is quite serious . Wine is essential to Catholic liturgy , without it , there can be no Masses .
Words and actions like these show clearly that those who hold non-majority religious beliefs are not welcome in Iraq . America 's silence abets these actions .
Both Baghdad and Ankara receive much U.S. support . But when it comes to protecting the rights of groups like Christians and Yazidis , the Obama administration seems unwilling to use its influence .
This year , United States — in a declaration by Secretary of State John Kerry John Forbes KerryOvernight Defense : White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration Ex-national security officials to issue statement slamming Trump 's emergency declaration : WaPo MORE , and in unanimous resolutions by the House and Senate — declared that ISIS engaged in “ genocide ” against Christians and other indigenous religious groups .
We applauded that statement . It was accurate and important . But the words must be followed with action .
Secretary @ JohnKerry : Daesh is genocidal , responsible for crimes against humanity , ethnic cleansing https : //t.co/RzXILVgCyw — Department of State ( @ StateDept ) March 17 , 2016
The United States must insist that Christians — and other non-majority groups — are given full and equal rights , as defined by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . This must include the right to return to their homes in Mosul and Nineveh . If the United State deems support for Turkey 's role in the fight against ISIS important , such support should be contingent on Turkey 's support for pluralism .
The United States should also demand the repeal of laws that make minority religious communities feel unwelcome and drive them to leave , continuing the genocide of attrition .
No further aid should be sent to Iraq until pluralism is respected because this kind of second-class citizenship for Christians and Yazidis helped create an environment in which genocide was possible .
Without equal rights , and without sufficient aid — the kind the American government could provide — the Christian population of Iraq will continue to decline and those communities that survived a genocide could disappear altogether .
American inaction is simply not acceptable . The Obama administration could begin to salvage its legacy in Iraq by turning this inequity around . And there is reason to be hopeful that the incoming Trump administration might prioritize Christians and other genocide survivors . We encourage them to do so .
Over the next few weeks , United States will shape both the future of pluralism in Iraq and America 's own legacy there . The two are intertwined . Let us hope that America will get it right .
Carl Anderson is CEO of the Knights of Columbus . Most Rev . Bashar Warda is the Chaldean Catholic Archbishop of Erbil , Kurdistan Region , Iraq .
The views expressed by Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill .
US law enforcement and regulatory agents have expressed optimism and acknowledged risks for digital currencies , propelling the most famous of them – bitcoin – to new levels .
US officials at the first-ever congressional hearing on virtual currencies outlined the potential benefits and liabilities of bitcoin . It came as the anonymous crypto currency hit new heights upon word of the positive news coming from the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee meeting on Capitol Hill on Monday .
Officials called bitcoins a “ legitimate ” financial service , despite past focus on the currency as a prime target for money launderers and other criminals looking to move drugs , take part in child pornography , or participate in other illicit activities .
`` The Department of Justice recognizes that many virtual currency systems offer legitimate financial services and have the potential to promote more efficient global commerce , '' said Mythili Raman , acting assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's criminal division .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said in a letter in absentia to the Senate panel that virtual currencies `` may hold long-term promise , particularly if the innovations promote a faster , more secure , and more efficient payment system . ''
As US officials spoke approvingly of the potential of virtual currencies , the price of bitcoin shot over $ 900 on the Tokyo-based Mt . Gox .
Bitcoin 's value has increased tenfold since the beginning of the year . Total market capitalization of bitcoins is in excess of $ 8 billion based on recent prices , according to Bitcoincharts.com .
Monday 's hearing - attended by only one senator , committee chair Tom Carper ( D-DE ) - will be followed by a Senate Banking Committee hearing on Tuesday .
Carper said that Monday 's hearing was an effort to gain information on a growing phenomenon .
`` Virtual currencies , perhaps most notably bitcoin , have captured the imagination of some , struck fear among others and confused the heck out of the rest of us , including me , '' he said .
Raman noted the concern that the anonymity of virtual currencies can appeal to criminals , but she said that US law enforcement has `` been able to keep pace with that , and we 've been able to develop protocols and strategies to address it . ''
Officials from both the US Secret Service , which investigates counterfeit currencies , and the US Treasury Department 's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network said they have successfully investigated criminals using bitcoins .
Jennifer Shasky Calvery , director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , went as far as saying that she did not see virtual currencies posing significant obstacles to investigatory powers of her division . `` We feel like we have a pretty good basis to act , '' she said .
Patrick Murck , general counsel for Bitcoin Foundation , said the hearing marked progress in the effort to explain to newcomers what peer-to-peer digital currencies like bitcoin are , and what must be done for “ further clarity on rules of the road. ” Meanwhile , he was encouraged by the positive signals coming from the US government .
“ I think what you heard from the law enforcement community and the regulatory community is that they do n't need any new tools to regulate this effectively and to find illicit actors in the system , ” Murck told RT in an interview . “ They have the tools they need available to them right now . ”
Carper said he is `` encouraged that maybe it 's possible to have the benefits of virtual currencies and to actually be able to not facilitate '' crime .
Bitcoin – a currency not backed by a central bank , but traded on various exchanges and swapped privately - has been a high-margin and high-risk investment . The currency hit $ 123 on October 3 , then a record $ 309 ten days ago , and is now on its way to new heights following Monday 's hearing .
Prices are rising on increased investment interest , fueled particularly by investment interest in China . However , the volatility still has others believing it 's a big bubble , ready to pop at any moment .
In 2011 , bitcoin prices jumped from about $ 0.30 to $ 32.00 , then fell back to a low of about $ 2.00 , The Wall Street Journal reported .
Bitcoin has come a long way since its inception in 2008 by a man using the alias ‘ Satoshi Nakmoto . ' It can now be used to buy coffee and pay for online dating services , and can even be retrieved from an ATM . According to Bitcoincharts , which follows the currency , there are nearly 12 million bitcoins in circulation .
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss , who are most famous for their early investment , and later fallout , with Facebook , seem to think it 's a worthy investment . They have an $ 11 million stake in bitcoin and want to set up an exchange so it can be traded just like stocks and commodities . They filed a request with the US Securities and Exchange Commission in July .
Bitcoin took a 15 percent nosedive in value when the US Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) busted Silk Road , an online marketplace for illicit goods that used bitcoin as a form of payment , in October . The dollar value of the virtual currency slumped from about $ 145 per coin to $ 123 after the marketplace shut down . The potential future break-up of a new marketplace which has recently emerged with the same name and appearance could bring further instability to the currency .
An estimated $ 1.2 billion in bitcoin flowed through Silk Road . The FBI reportedly seized $ 28 million of the digital currency in the bust . Silk Road founder Ross William Ulbricht , 29 , was arrested Oct. 1 in San Francisco on several charges of conspiracy .
Image caption Kepler 37b has a radius not much larger than that of the Moon ; Kepler 37d is about twice Earth 's radius
Astronomers have smashed the record for the smallest planet beyond our Solar System - finding one only slightly larger than our Moon .
To spot the tiny , probably rocky planet , they first needed to precisely measure the size of its host star .
They did so using `` astroseismology '' - effectively , turning tiny variations in the star 's light into sounds .
A report in Nature describes the blistering , probably rocky planet , which orbits its star in just 13 days .
It is joined in this far-flung solar system by two other planets , one three-quarters Earth 's size and one twice as large as Earth - all circling their star too closely to harbour liquid water or life .
Moving target
The record for smallest `` exoplanet '' is routinely being broken , as astronomers get better and better at finding them .
The best tool in the planet-hunters ' toolbox is the Kepler space telescope , which stares at a fixed part of the sky , trying to detect the tiny dips in stars ' light that happens when planets pass in front of them : what is called a transit event .
In its earliest days , the Kepler team tended to find large planets - Jupiter- and Neptune-sized behemoths . In more recent years , the catalogue of exoplanet has seen an increasing number of so-called super-Earths , up to about twice the radius of our planet .
Only recently has something definitively Earth-sized been found .
Exoplanets An exoplanet is a planet that exists outside our Solar System
Many of those found so far are giant planets believed to resemble Jupiter or Neptune
The first exoplanet was discovered in 1992 , orbiting a pulsar
A few years later , the planet 51 Pegasi B was found orbiting a star similar to the Sun
Hundreds of extrasolar planets have been confirmed since , and thousands more `` candidates '' await confirmation Watch planet hunters search for exoplanets
But the new find is a planet just a third the size of that recent record-holder , smaller even than our Solar System 's smallest planet , Mercury .
`` I think it 's an amazing technological achievement to be able to be able to detect small rocks like this , '' said Francois Fressin , a co-author of the paper based at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
`` It means we 're really in the arena where it 's possible to detect all the planets of our Solar System , but around other stars , '' he told BBC News .
The find of Kepler 37b and its two companions can in part be ascribed to a wealth of data from the Kepler telescope ; it has been recording data for nearly four years , and signals that would once have been too small to see have been slowly accumulating , with smaller planets becoming more apparent .
But telling just how small a given planet is depends on a relative measurement : how much light there is when the planet is and is not in front of the host star . The degree to which we can know the planet 's size depends on how well we can know the host star 's size .
That is where the science of astroseismology comes in - and a team of experts in this area of science at the University of Birmingham in the UK took a look at the data .
`` Inside stars it 's a very noisy environment , and that noise sets up sound waves that travel all the way through the star , '' said Birmingham astrophysicist Prof Yvonne Elsworth .
`` Some of ( the waves ) will resonate , just like a musical instrument - the turbulence causes them to ring at frequencies that are characteristic of the star , '' Prof Elsworth told BBC News .
`` If we look at the star we can see those oscillations , the amount of light we get from the star varies - slowly and by a very small amount - at frequencies that tell us what 's going on inside the star . ''
And also like a musical instrument , those `` resonant '' frequencies tell researchers just how big the star actually is .
'Decade of discovery '
Together , the analyses point to the presence of three planets . Kepler 37b and c are about 30 % and 74 % as large as the Earth , and Kepler 37d is about twice Earth 's radius .
Image caption An artist 's conception shows what the smallest of the three planets , Kepler 37b , may look like
The three orbit their star in 13 , 21 , and 40 days respectively - all within orbits just 20 % of the Earth-Sun distance .
It is , in short , another interesting solar system to go in the burgeoning catalogues of exoplanets - and the notion that exoplanet news has been in plentiful supply in recent years is not lost on Dr Fressin .
`` I understand that people could get bored by these successive announcements , '' he said .
`` But hundreds or thousands of years from now , this will be remembered as the decade where discovery of other worlds of all kinds has been made possible . ''
We do not expect to hit life milestones—getting a promotion , raising a child , running a marathon—without a fair bit of gumption and at least a tentative game plan . But we often fail to put the same amount of effort or planning into less tangible goals—even important ones , like being happier . Why is this ?
Philosophers and academics alike have long held that the realistic , concrete steps that lead to achievement in other areas of life simply do not work for happiness . “ What we predict will make us happy does n't always make us happy , ” explains Kelly Goldsmith , an assistant professor of marketing at the Kellogg School of Management . And the very things that everyone agrees might bring us happiness—good health , for instance—are often hard for us to control . Yet , argues Goldsmith , happiness is not an entirely futile pursuit ; there are life changes we can make to demonstrably improve our happiness .
A fortuitous disagreement
The line of research arose , surprisingly enough , from a friendly disagreement between Goldsmith and her father , a successful executive coach and a believer in the quantified life— “ the idea that if you monitor your progress toward your goals , you 're more likely to achieve them , ” says Goldsmith . Her father had become convinced that regularly asking and answering the question “ How happy was I today ? ” had made him happier .
But Goldsmith was skeptical . When we ask ourselves how happy we were today , there is a risk we will wonder , well , how happy should I have been ? And , as Goldsmith puts it , “ the disparity between how happy you think you should be and how happy you actually were makes you sad. ” Past research has borne this out : “ In the psychology literature there is [ plenty ] of evidence suggesting that happiness monitoring actually has deleterious consequences for your happiness. ” However , Goldsmith did suspect that rewording the question so that it focused on one 's own role in being happy—rather than forces outside one 's control—might mitigate some of the negative consequences .
So Goldsmith and her father embarked upon an extensive pilot study to see which of them was correct . Hundreds of participants from Fortune 500 companies were emailed one of three daily questions : 1 ) a happiness monitoring question , “ How happy were you today ? ” ; 2 ) a variant that focused on behavior , “ Did you do your best to be happy today ? ” ; or 3 ) a control question that did not mention happiness at all .
The father-daughter duo found none of the deleterious consequences reported by other researchers : participants who simply monitored their own happiness actually reported feeling modestly happier several weeks later . But it was the variant that focused on personal behavior that “ really hit it out of the park , ” says Goldsmith . “ So I was right , but my dad was also kind of right , and the literature seemed kind of wrong . ”
From family feud to controlled experiment
Would the happiness gains caused by behavior monitoring hold up under more rigorous examination ? And why had n't Goldsmith and her father observed any negative consequences of happiness monitoring ? It was time , Goldsmith decided , to bring the research into the lab . She teamed up with David Gal , also an assistant professor of marketing at the Kellogg School , Raj Raghunathan , a professor at the University of Texas , and Lauren Cheatham , a graduate student at Stanford University .
The researchers decided to replicate the pilot study in a better-controlled environment . Again , daily questions went out to participants over email . And once again , participants who had monitored their happiness for a few weeks reported very modest happiness gains compared to participants who had not . But as before the biggest boost in happiness—a boost the researchers have since found in several other studies—came from receiving the daily question about doing one 's best to be happy .
So why does receiving a daily question about happiness make us happier ? For one , it reminds us that we want to be happy . “ We 're bringing happiness up in terms of salience , making it more top of mind for people , ” says Goldsmith . “ Throughout our day we make trade-offs . Do I go to the gym or do I go to the movies with my fiancé ? Because I 've got a goal of being a good partner , but I also have a goal of working out. ” And when goals conflict , “ the goals that are the most salient are usually the ones that we make our trade-offs in favor of . ”
This salience—particularly when the focus is on what we are doing to become happier—leads to changes in behavior . In another , similar study , the researchers determined that 38 % of participants who made behavior changes focused more on positive events in their life , 16 % made an effort to have positive interactions with others , 9 % engaged in productive activities , and 9 % simply worried less . Interestingly , nobody reported buying things to make themselves happier .
As for the lack of negative consequences of happiness monitoring , the researchers suspect that the longer duration of their studies is to thank . Previous research had only looked at the effects of monitoring over very short periods of time—sometimes as short as the length of a song . But five minutes is simply not enough time to make the kind of behavior changes that lead to gains in happiness .
Small changes , big implications
Importantly , it is not just happiness that can be boosted by a daily prompt . Other behavior-focused questions like , “ Did you do your best to have positive interactions with others ? ” , “ Did you do your best to set goals today ? ” or “ Did you do your best to make progress toward your goals ? ” can also be effective . This should interest firms wanting to increase employee productivity and engagement . Instead of asking an employee once every six months how engaged she is with her firm , the researchers recommend , a manager might send a daily prompt like , “ Did you do your best to be engaged with the firm today ? ”
So how can we add this daily introspection to our lives ? A Post-it note on the computer is one option , as is a peer coaching system where friends ( or strangers ) commit to call or email each other with a daily question . Goldsmith , Gal , and their colleagues are also collaborating with a website called AskMeEvery.com , which emails interested parties a daily question of their choosing . Responses are recorded so that users can hold themselves accountable .
But , such a plan is not for the faint of heart . We have to be able to handle the fact that most days we do not do our best to be happy , says Goldsmith . This makes daily introspection humbling—not unlike stepping on a scale . It should also go without saying that a daily reminder to prioritize happiness is not going to be sufficient to steer someone away from the brink of depression . Still Goldsmith wholeheartedly recommends the practice . “ We all want to be happier , ” she says , “ and if there 's something so simple we can do every day to improve our happiness , it 's a big deal . ”
Reproduced with permission of the Kellogg School of Management and Kellogg Insight . © Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University .
This article is part of Quartz Ideas , our home for bold arguments and big thinkers .
Let 's learn how to install and setup AngularFire2 4.0
F.Laurens Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 1 , 2017
or our Web platform “ letslearn ” in order to manage Angular training courses , we have obviously chosen Angular4 and Firebase4 to build this new application !
In here , we will learn how to create a new project with angular/cli , Firebase Authentication for login and Firebase Database to read data .
New upgrades of AngularFire2 have been released at the end of May 2017 so AngularFire2 4.0 has been used for this project .
Create a new Firebase
Generate two Firebase databases : one for development ( letslearn-dev ) and one for production ( letslearn ) .
2 ways to do it :
> add project in the Firebase console
> import an existing Google project from Google Cloud Platform
Start a new Angular project
Install angular-cli using npm .
npm install -g @ angular/cli
Generate your new project , move into the repository and run your server .
ng new letslearn -- prefix lsl
cd letslearn
ng serve -o
Your local application is now loaded in your browser : http : //localhost:4200/ You can change the default port with the option — port . The message “ Welcome to lsl ! ! ” should be displayed !
Install and setup your Firebase
Install the latest version of AngularFire2 and Firebase with npm .
npm install angularfire2 firebase -- save
Copy-paste your Firebase configuration from the Overview section and add it to your environment variable files :
> src/environments/environment.ts for development ( letslearn-dev )
> src/environments/environment.prod.ts for production ( letslearn )
export const environment = {
production : false ,
firebase : {
apiKey : 'xxx ' ,
authDomain : 'xxx.firebaseapp.com ' ,
databaseURL : 'https : //xxx.firebaseio.com ' ,
projectId : 'xxx ' ,
storageBucket : 'xxx.appspot.com ' ,
messagingSenderId : 'xxx '
}
} ;
Setup and import AngularFire modules
Go to src/app/app.module.ts to setup and import the modules you need for your application .
Import AngularFireModule , AngularFireDatabaseModule and AngularFireAuthModule from angularfire2 and environment to get the Firebase setup .
import { AngularFireModule } from 'angularfire2 ' ;
import { AngularFireDatabaseModule } from 'angularfire2/database ' ;
import { AngularFireAuthModule } from 'angularfire2/auth ' ;
import { environment } from 'environments/environment ' ;
Then add modules in NgModule . It is possible to customize your Firebase name using ‘ initialiazeApp ' .
@ NgModule ( {
declarations : [
AppComponent
] ,
imports : [
BrowserModule ,
AngularFireModule.initializeApp ( environment.firebase , 'letslearn-dev ' ) ,
AngularFireDatabaseModule ,
AngularFireAuthModule
] ,
bootstrap : [ AppComponent ]
} )
export class AppModule { }
Create an AuthService to manage authentication .
You can create it in a shared folder .
ng generate service shared/auth
Then , import it into src/app/app.module.ts and register the AuthService in providers .
import { AuthService } from './shared/auth.service ' ;
@ NgModule ( {
providers : [ AuthService ] ,
} )
In src/app/shared/auth.service.ts , import AngularFireAuth from angularfire2 , firebase from firebase and Observable . Inject AngularFireAuth and subscribe to get the current user into the service 's constructor .
import { AngularFireAuth } from 'angularfire2/auth ' ;
import * as firebase from 'firebase/app ' ;
import { Observable } from 'rxjs/Observable ' ;
export class AuthService {
private authState : Observable < firebase.User >
private currentUser : firebase.User = null ;
constructor ( public afAuth : AngularFireAuth ) {
this.authState = this.afAuth.authState ;
this.authState.subscribe ( user = > {
if ( user ) {
this.currentUser = user ;
} else {
this.currentUser = null ;
}
} ) ;
}
getAuthState ( ) {
return this.authState ;
}
}
Implement the authentication
Inject your Firebase Auth service in your app component .
import { AuthService } from './shared/auth.service ' ;
export class AppComponent implements OnInit {
user = null ;
constructor (
private auth : AuthService ) { }
ngOnInit ( ) {
this.auth.getAuthState ( ) .subscribe (
( user ) = > this.user = user ) ;
}
}
Add a login with a Google function
In your src/app/shared/auth.service.ts , add this function and enable the sign-in provider into the Firebase console > Authentication section > Sign-in method tab .
loginWithGoogle ( ) {
return this.afAuth.auth.signInWithPopup (
new firebase.auth.GoogleAuthProvider ( ) ) ;
}
In your src/app/app.component.ts
export class AppComponent implements OnInit {
constructor (
private auth : AuthService ) { }
loginWithGoogle ( ) {
this.auth.loginWithGoogle ( ) ;
}
}
Add AngularFireDatabase
Inject AngularFireDatabase in your component .
Open src/app/app.component.ts
Import AngularFireDatabase from angularfire2 . Possibly , import also FirebaseListObservable and/or FirebaseObjectObservable if you need to bind to a list or an object .
import { Component , OnInit } from ' @ angular/core ' ;
import { AuthService } from './shared/auth.service ' ;
import { AngularFireDatabase , FirebaseListObservable } from 'angularfire2/database ' ;
import * as firebase from 'firebase/app ' ;
Inject the AngularFireDatabase into the component 's constructor .
constructor (
private auth : AuthService ,
public db : AngularFireDatabase ) { }
Then , set up your topics variable as a FirebaseListObservable and set your list of topics inside the ngOnInit function .
export class AppComponent implements OnInit {
topics : FirebaseListObservable < any [ ] > ;
ngOnInit ( ) {
this.auth.getAuthState ( ) .subscribe (
( user ) = > this.user = user ) ;
this.topics = this.db.list ( '/topics ' ) ;
}
}
You might get an error such as “ Client does n't have permission to access the desired data ” in your browser console when you run the server . You do n't have the good rules to read and/or write the data from/in the Firebase . To fix this , go to Firebase Console > Database section > Rules tab and change the rules !
Edit your template
Open src/app/app.component.html
Add a button to login with Google and bind to login with your Google function .
< button ( click ) = '' loginWithGoogle ( ) '' > Login with Google < /button >
Display your list of topics using a For loop and do not forget the async pipe .
< ul >
< li class= '' text '' * ngFor= '' let topic of topics | async '' >
{ { topic. $ value } }
< /li >
< /ul >
That 's it ! Easy is n't it ? You can now create a new project with a Firebase database , use AngularFireAuth for authentication and AngularFireDatabase for reading data from your database . Implement it to your project and test different sign-in methods !
Now let 's code !
Next time we will do more with Firebase , Angular4 and data . Follow me on Medium.com or Twitter to get the next articles !
Using new mathematical tools , a group of researchers created a fascinating chart that shows how neuroscience went from a hodgepodge of unconnected scientific disciplines , to a unified science that 's one of the most important today . In just under 10 years .
Neuroscience is the study of how neurons - nerve cells - form networks in the body . A lot of neuroscience focuses on the brain , since that 's the body 's nerve center , but it also looks at how nerves form networks throughout living organisms . Breakthroughs in molecular biology and cognitive science over the past decade have made this a booming scientific field .
A co-author on the study is Martin Rosvall , Assistant Professor at the Department of Physics , at Sweden 's Umeå University . In a release , he said :
We wanted to map changes in science over the past decade . To do so , we started with more than 35 million citations between the articles in over 7000 scientific journals . This network of citations represents the flow of information between researchers in the world and the results show that significant changes have occurred in the life sciences . Neuroscience has gone from being an interdisciplinary research area to being a scientific discipline in its own right , ranking alongside physics , chemistry , economics , law , molecular biology and medicine .
Advertisement
Here you can see a chart showing the consolidation of the field , which represents data gathered from citations in academic journals . ( Click image to enlarge . )
Say the researchers about this image :
This set of scientific fields show the major shifts in the last decade of science . Each significance clustering for the citation networks in years 2001 , 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 occupies a column in the diagram and is horizontally connected to preceding and succeeding significance clusterings by stream fields . Each block in a column represents a field and the height of the block reflects citation flow through the field . The fields are ordered from bottom to top by their size with mutually nonsignificant fields placed together and separated by half the standard spacing . We use a darker color to indicate the significant subset of each cluster . All journals that are clustered in the field of neuroscience in year 2007 are colored to highlight the fusion and formation of neuroscience .
Advertisement
The point of the research paper , published this week in PLoS ONE , is to demonstrate a new mathematical method for analyzing changes in large networks over time . The authors say it can also be applied to other fields as diverse as medicine and finance .
`` Mapping Change In Large Networks '' via PLoS ONE
Do you have an opinion on people who litter ? Almost everyone does . Unfortunately , for those living in crowded urban areas , it 's really just a fact of life . Governments and societies try to crack down on it , but many people just do n't listen .
One anti-litter group decided that enough was enough , and they took a fairly radical step to fight the problem . But , did they cross any ethical lines themselves ? That 's up to you to decide .
The Problem
Hong Kong is a city full of people . As a matter of fact , the more than 7 million inhabitants crammed into such a small place ranks it as the fourth most densely populated region on the planet .
That many people always adds up to a logistical nightmare when it comes to waste disposal , but it does n't help that littering seems to be the official sport . Every day , there is more than 16,000 tons of waste dumped in the city , and this has given life to the Hong Kong Cleanup Initiative . The organization 's name is pretty straightforward about what they do , but you might be surprised to learn that they literally launched an in-your-face campaign to combat the problem .
Basics of the Campaign
The government has already tried many methods of going after this problem , so the campaign had to find a unique way of getting to people . There are pretty hefty fines given to anyone caught littering , but that just was n't motivational enough . This led the environmental group to team up with Ogilvy & Mather Hong Kong to try and put together something that would really get people listening . So , the strategy decided on for this campaign was to do a bit of shaming for the litterbugs in society .
They Even Found the Perfect Day to Do It
This whole project was called the Face of Litter Campaign , and they had the perfect day to launch it : Earth Day . Leading up to it , teams had worked to collect garbage , and they managed to pick up more than 4,000 tons from the streets . Then , they gave it to some scientists to work their magic .
What Tech Did They Need to Do It ?
Scientists at Parabon NanoLabs used Snapshot™ DNA phenotyping to analyze who had touched the various garbage samples , and this allowed them to make a digital drawing of the litterbug responsible for each individual piece . They tended to focus on bits of garbage that would have physical bits of people left behind , and some of the favorites were coffee cups , cigarette butts , and condoms . This technology has the ability to predict eye color , hair color , skin color , freckling , shape of the face , and a lot more about people just from a tiny amount of their DNA . It may sound like something out of science fiction , but that 's the world we live in today .
What Did It Accomplish ?
The Hong Kong Cleanup Initiative has some great programs in place to clean up the trash . Unfortunately , they were really stuck in the pattern of cleaning up after people , and they were n't having much success in preventing littering in the first place . That 's where this campaign really helped out – it got people talking . In only two weeks , it managed to get 3.9 million engagements on social media , and $ 5 million in earned media coverage .
Advertising vs . Activism
This campaign was very successful by many measurements , but it does raise some ethical questions . The pictures that were shown were generated drawings of theoretical people , but is it appropriate to publicly shame people ? Even if it works to solve a problem , it can cause harm to people who may or may not deserve it . We do n't have the answer to this , it 's really up to you and your own personal beliefs .
Science !
A major takeaway from this campaign is how science can be used in advertising . It 's likely that this whole project would have been far less interesting if they had simply taken photographs of people caught in the act of littering . It really stands out because of the amazing science that many people did n't realize was possible , but then it was the perfect chance to convey the message once it had everyone 's attention .
How far will your advertising go ?
Have you ever done anything similar to get your message across ? You do n't necessarily have to be so aggressive with your advertising tactics , but this does n't change the fact that pulling stunts like this will get you talked about . So , do n't be afraid to push the limits , but make sure you 're thinking about your image as a whole before you do anything too crazy .
If you 're not sure how to do this on your own , just give us a call . We 're ready to hear your ideas !
Real Madrid 's quiet transfer window has seen the LaLiga giants spend their lowest total on summer signings in over a decade , and that with a potential registration ban hanging over the club .
Real have limited their 2016 outlay to just the 30 million euros paid in June to bring academy graduate Álvaro Morata back to the Spanish capital from Juventus .
Full screen Morata returned to Real this summer in a 30-million-euro transfer . ANDREA COMAS ( REUTERS )
13 years since Real spent less
And not since they bought David Beckham in 2003 have Los Blancos invested less in strengthening their squad for the new season .
That year , Madrid president Florentino Pérez spent 25 million euros on taking the then England captain to the Bernabéu , with no other transfer fees forked out .
Full screen Beckham spent four years at the Bernabéu following his 2003 move .
2009 : Madrid 's biggest splurge
The club 's most extravagant spree came seven years ago , when they shelled out close to 259 million on no fewer than nine players ahead of the 2009/10 campaign .
Among the stand-out names signed that summer - as Pérez made his return as Real chief - were Cristiano Ronaldo ( 96 million ) , Kaká ( 65 ) , Karim Benzema ( 35 ) and Xabi Alonso ( 30 ) .
Following the death of Google 's Project ARA , it has been revealed that Dan Makoski , founder of Project ARA and former head of design at Google ATAP , has now officially been confirmed to be working at Nexpaq . In case you do n't know what Nexpaq is , it 's a startup that campaigned on Kickstarter to create modular phone cases for popular phones like the iPhone 6 , Galaxy S6 edge , and Galaxy S5 .
According to a report from 9to5Google , Makoski stated that the project 's shuttering was disappointing to many , but that he trusted Rick Osterloh ( the leader of Google 's hardware division ) 's reasoning . He also mentioned that modularity is not a fad and that it will continue on so long as there are creative consumers .
At the end of the report , 9to5Google mentioned that Makoski is currently working with Nexpaq to create a modular phone that will ship soon . This is news for two reasons ; not only did we not know that Makoski has been working at Nexpaq , we also did n't know that Nexpaq is working on a modular smartphone . Unfortunately , no other details were given .
Currently , Nexpaq 's website offers modular cases for the iPhone 6 line and the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge , as well as modules featuring things such as laser pointers , breathalyzers , SD card readers , batteries , and more . The company also offers the Batpaq , a 2600mAh battery that can have the aforementioned modules added onto it .
Police have burned a large pile of cannabis , after finding more than 11,000 plants during raids on three properties west of Brisbane .
The Queensland drug squad uncovered 11,795 cannabis plants when they raided properties in Coominya , Mount Hallen and Churchable yesterday .
They also discovered `` sophisticated hydroponic grow houses '' , which contained plants ranging from seedlings to 1.5m-tall bushes .
Police raided three properties for drugs . ( Queensland Police Service ) ( )
Two men were arrested during the raids . ( Queensland Police Service ) ( )
Drug products in different stages of the drying process were also found , police said .
Officers found two men , aged 24 and 26 , in the Coominya raid , and they have each been charged with producing dangerous drugs .
Drug squad Detective Superintendent Jon Wacker said the seizure would have a major impact on Brisbane and south-east Queensland drug markets .
Police raided three properties for drugs . ( Queensland Police Service ) ( )
Raids uncovered 11,795 cannabis plants . ( Queensland Police Service ) ( )
`` Prior to the execution of yesterday 's search warrants , investigations throughout Operation Papa Cider had already netted the arrest of seven people on 10 charges and the seizure of approximately 87kg of cannabis , '' he said .
`` The estimated value of cannabis seized throughout this operation to date stands at approximately $ 60 million . ''
Helicopter footage shows police burning a large pile of cannabis plants today , near greenhouses .
The police investigation is ongoing .
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
OTTAWA , ONTARIO -- ( Marketwired - Oct. 13 , 2017 ) - Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. ( `` Tetra '' or the `` Company '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : TBP ) ( OTCQB : TBPMF ) , a global leader in cannabinoid-based drug development and discovery , today announced the addition of two members to its clinical advisory board for the veterinary market - Dr. Cheryl Cullen , an American Board-certified Veterinary Ophthalmologist , and Dr. Webb , an American Board of Veterinary Ophthalmology ( ABVO ) Resident .
Drs . Cullen and Webb have extensive clinical experience as veterinary ophthalmologists treating a broad range of ocular disease in companion animals . Their expert guidance , practical experience and clinical access to patients will play a critical role in the ability and success of Tetra to develop and commercialize cannabinoid-based drugs for the treatment of ocular indications . These indications in domestic animals include inflammation and pain following ocular surgery and chronic ophthalmic disease . Under the agreement , Drs . Cullen and Webb 's role will be to assist Tetra 's R & D team in the design of veterinary clinical trials exploring the therapeutic use of cannabinoids in multiple ocular indications and to conduct these trials at their private clinic in New Brunswick , which are expected to begin in Q1 2018 .
According to the American Pet Products Association , pet owners spent $ 15.75 billion dollars on veterinary care in 2016 , with a nearly 4 % growth per year attributed to new advances in health care and available services . Indeed , specialty pet care has exploded : in a 2013 online US poll , 47 % of respondents said they 've sought veterinary specialty care for their pet , and of those , 27 % said they spent more than $ 2,500 on these services . The field of ophthalmology is rapidly advancing and patients are often referred to veterinary specialists in this area , granting the owner treatment options for pathologies that that did not previously exist . According to a review published in 2010 by the Comparative Ocular Pathology Laboratory of Wisconsin , 29 % of eye diseases studied in a population of 15,000 dogs and 5,200 cats involved inflammation . With the help of Drs . Webb and Cullen , Tetra is looking to capitalize on these trends by further developing PPP003 as a novel treatment for veterinary inflammation and pain associated with ophthalmic pathologies .
`` This recent addition of Drs . Cullen and Webb to our growing veterinary clinical advisory board stands to further diversify our panel of experts into the area of ophthalmology as we accelerate and expand our existing cannabinoid-based drug pipeline into the veterinary market . As well , Dr. Webb 's formal training and experience in the area of veterinary neurology will be an asset to our veterinary program because of the potential effects of cannabinoids on the nervous system , '' states Dr . Guy Chamberland , Chief Scientific Officer of Tetra .
About Dr. Cheryl Cullen , DVM , MVetSc , DACVO and Dr. Aubrey Webb , DVM , PhD ( neuroscience ) , ABVO Resident in Ophthalmology :
Dr. Cullen received a DVM from the Atlantic Veterinary College , completed both a small animal internship and a Masters of Veterinary Science and Veterinary Ophthalmology residence at the Western College of Veterinary Medicine . Dr. Cullen furthered her training through the renowned Lancaster Course in Ophthalmology at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and the William Magrane Basic Science Course in Veterinary and Comparative Ophthalmology . Dr. Cullen is board-certified by the American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists .
Dr. Webb received a DVM from the Western College of Veterinary Medicine and a PhD in the field of neuroscience from University of Saskatchewan . He also has formal training in several areas of neuroscience , including veterinary neurology , neurosurgery , neuropathology and clinical electrodiagnostics and was the recipient of a Canadian Institutes of Health Research post-doctoral fellowship in the area of spinal cord research . Presently , Dr. Webb is an American board of Veterinary Ophthalmology approved Resident .
Both Drs . Cullen and Webb are founding faculty members of the University of Calgary 's faculty of Veterinary Medicine and they have several peer-review publications in the areas of comparative ophthalmology and clinical veterinary neurology . They run veterinary practice , CullenWebb Animal Eye Specialists , located in Riverview New Brunswick ( http : //www.cullenwebb.com/ ) specializing in treating ocular disease in pets .
About PPP003 :
PPP003 is a cannabinoid-based eye drop currently being developed to treat ocular pain and inflammatory disease in humans and animals .
About Tetra Bio-Pharma :
Tetra Bio-Pharma ( TSX VENTURE : TBP ) ( OTCQB : TBPMF ) is a biopharmaceutical leader in cannabinoid-based drug discovery and clinical development . Tetra is focusing on three core business pillars : clinical research , pharmaceutical promotion and retail commercialization of cannabinoid-based products .
More information at : www.tetrabiopharma.com
Source : Tetra Bio-Pharma
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
Forward-looking statements
Some statements in this release may contain forward-looking information . All statements , other than of historical fact , that address activities , events or developments that the Company believes , expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future ( including , without limitation , statements regarding potential acquisitions and financings ) are forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of the words `` may '' , `` will '' , `` should '' , `` continue '' , `` expect '' , `` anticipate '' , `` estimate '' , `` believe '' , `` intend '' , `` plan '' or `` project '' or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology . Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the Company 's ability to control or predict , that may cause the actual results of the Company to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements . Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations include , among other things , without limitation , the inability of the Company , through its wholly-owned subsidiary , GrowPros MMP Inc. , to obtain a licence for the production of medical marijuana ; failure to obtain sufficient financing to execute the Company 's business plan ; competition ; regulation and anticipated and unanticipated costs and delays , and other risks disclosed in the Company 's public disclosure record on file with the relevant securities regulatory authorities . Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements , there may be other factors that cause results or events not to be as anticipated , estimated or intended . Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements . The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made as of the date of this news release and the Company does not undertake an obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect new information , subsequent events or otherwise unless required by applicable securities legislation .
Researchers have uncovered a nefarious but comically incompetent spyware campaign that 's targeting Ethiopian dissidents in the US , UK , and other countries .
A report published Wednesday morning by the University of Toronto 's Citizen Lab said the campaign , which has operated for at least 14 months , is carried out using hacking tools sold by Cyberbit , a wholly owned subsidiary of Elbit Systems , an Israeli company whose shares are sold on the Nasdaq stock exchange . Log files left unprotected on the Internet showed people inside Ethiopia using the spyware in an attempt to surreptitiously surveil journalists , researchers , and activists in 20 countries .
The report is the latest to expose the shady world of commercial spyware , which often sells potent hacking tools to countries with known human rights abuses . Previous companies caught selling surveillance wares to rogue nations include UK-based Gamma Group Italy-based Hacking Team , and NSO Group of Israel . Use of Elbit-owned Cyberbit tools to spy on Ethiopian dissidents all but confirms the Israeli company does the same thing .
In Wednesday 's report , Citizen Lab researchers wrote :
As a provider of powerful surveillance technology , Cyberbit has the responsibility under both Israel 's export control regime and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to concern itself with the potential for human rights abuses facilitated through use of its product . The fact that PSS wound up in the hands of Ethiopian government agencies , which for many years have demonstrably misused spyware to target civil society , raises urgent questions around Cyberbit 's corporate social responsibility and due diligence efforts , and the effectiveness of Israel 's export controls in preventing human rights abuses .
Confidential video made public
In October 2016 , Ethiopian activist Jawar Mohammed received an email asking for comment on a video posted to a page that impersonated a legitimate video website in Eritrea , a country that borders Ethiopia . Code hosted on the page checked to see if Windows computers used an outdated version of Adobe 's Flash Player . If it did , the page redirected the browser to a page on getadobeplayer [ . ] com , which offered a genuine Flash update that was bundled with spyware called PC Surveillance System from Cyberbit . Mohammed forwarded the email to Citizen Lab , which has monitored the campaign for more than a year . Other targets included a US-based media outlet that serves Oromo people , a PhD student and a lawyer who have both worked on Oromo issues , and Citizen Lab Research Fellow Bill Marczak .
As Citizen Lab began to investigate the campaign , researchers soon discovered that servers used to communicate with machines infected with PC Surveillance System hosted publicly readable log files that detailed the activity of both operators and targets . The logs showed that the people operating the malware used IP addresses local to Ethiopia and that targets included various Eritrean companies and government agencies . The publicly accessible files also tracked Cyberbit employees as they traveled throughout the world with infected demonstration PCs . IP addresses showed the demo PCs connecting from countries with authoritarian records , including Nigeria , Rwanda , Uzbekistan , Zambia , and the Philippines .
This is not the first time the Ethiopian government has been accused of using spyware to surveil critics . In 2015 , Citizen Lab detailed the country 's use of Hacking Team spyware to target US-based journalists . Two years earlier , Citizen Lab reported Ethiopia was among the countries using Gamma Group 's FinSpy spyware .
Not our job
In a December 5 letter responding to Citizen Lab questions , an unnamed Cyberbit official defended the company , in part by saying it operates within the `` strict regulations '' of Israeli law .
`` Cyberbit Solutions offers its products only to sovereign governmental authorities and law enforcement agencies , '' the letter , headed `` Re : Your Letter Dated November 29 , 2017 , '' stated . `` Such governmental authorities and law enforcement agencies are responsible to ensure that they are legally authorized to use the products in their jurisdictions . Cyberbit Solutions products greatly contribute to national security and law enforcement where its products are used . ''
A Wednesday op-ed in Wired , written by Citizen Lab Director Ron Deibert and headlined `` Evidence that Ethiopia is spying on journalists shows commercial spyware is out of control , '' called for `` legal and policy efforts across multiple jurisdictions to combat the runaway problem . Regulation is almost always an imperfect remedy , but given the no-questions-asked approach of Cyberbit and many of its competitors , it 's arguably better than what we have now . ''
A trampoline is a loop that iteratively invokes thunk-returning functions ( continuation-passing style ) . A single trampoline is sufficient to express all control transfers of a program ; a program so expressed is trampolined , or in trampolined style ; converting a program to trampolined style is trampolining . Trampolined functions can be used to implement tail-recursive function calls in stack-oriented programming languages.–Wikipedia
This description is precise and appropriate for a reference work , but it is nearly impossible to go out and read about thunks , continuation-passing style , and tail-recursion without learning about trampolining along the way .
So it is exactly how one ought to answer the question “ define trampolining ” on an examination , because it demonstrates that you 've learned the subject thoroughly . But if asked to explain trampolining , a more tutorial-focused approach is called for .
Let 's begin with a use case .
recursion , see recursion
You are asked to demonstrate that you know how to write a recursive function , perhaps in one of those job interviews where they like to take a small snippet of code and use it as an excuse to talk about programming philosophies .
The challenge is to implement factorial in recursive style .
You write :
function factorial ( n ) { return n ? n * factorial ( n - 1 ) : 1 }
The immediate limitation of this implementation is that since it calls itself n times , to get a result you need a stack on n stack frames in a typical stack-based programming language implementation . And JavaScript is such an implementation .
This creates two problems : First , we need space On for all those stack frames . It 's as if we actually wrote out 1 x 1 x 2 x 3 x 4 x ... before doing any calculations . Second , most languages have a limit on the size of the stack much smaller than the limit on the amount of memory you need for data .
Trying this in Node , I get :
factorial ( 10 ) //= > 3628800 factorial ( 32768 ) //= > RangeError : Maximum call stack size exceeded
We can easily rewrite this in iterative style , but there are other functions that are n't so amenable to rewriting and using a simple example allows us to concentrate on the mechanism rather than the “ domain . ”
tail-call elimination
Let 's pretend you 're told that you are now targeting a JavaScript implementation that implements Tail-Call Optimization . Meaning , that when a function returns the result of calling itself , the language does n't actually perform another function call , it turns the whole thing into a loop for you .
As written , factorial can not be optimized because it does n't return the result of a function call , it performs a function call and then does something with the result . So it still needs stack frames .
Lisp programmers in days of yore would rewrite functions like this into “ Tail Recursive Form , ” and that 's what we 're going to do . What we need to do is take the expression n * factorial ( n - 1 ) and push it down into a function so we can just call it with parameters .
Now you have probably jumped directly to how to do this , but I am not so smart and when I first read about it my eyes glazed over and my head hurt for several days . The explanation is this . When a function is called , a stack frame is created that contains all the information needed to resume execution with the result . Stackframes hold a kind of pointer to where to carry on evaluating , the function parameters , and other bookkeeping information .
If we use the symbol _ to represent a kind of “ hole ” in an expression where we plan to put the result , every time factorial calls itself , it needs to remember n * _ so that when it gets a result back , it can multiply it by n and return that . So the first time it calls itself , it remembers 10 * _ , the second time it calls itself , it remembers 9 * _ , and all these things stack up like this when we call factorial ( 10 ) :
1 * _ 2 * _ 3 * _ 4 * _ 5 * _ 6 * _ 7 * _ 8 * _ 9 * _ 10 * _
Finally , we call factorial ( 0 ) and it returns 1 . Then the top is popped off the stack , so we calculate 1 * 1 . It returns 1 again and we calculate 2 * 1 . That returns 2 and we calculate 3 * 2 and so on up the stack until we return 10 * 362880 and return 3628800 , which we print .
How can we get around this ? Well , imagine if we do n't have a hole in a computation to return . In that case , we would n't need to “ remember ” anything on the stack . To make this happen , we need to either return a value or return the result of calling another function without any further computation .
Such a call is said to be in “ tail position ” and to be a “ tail call. ” The “ elimination ” of tail-call elimination means that we do n't perform a full call including setting up a new stack frame . We perform the equivalent of a “ jump . ”
If we do n't need to remember anything , we do n't create another stack frame , we just re-use the one we currently have . And when I say “ we , ” I mean the people writing the interpreter . This is generally a feature of the language , not of a program .
If we had an implementation of JavaScript capable of tail-call elimination , we would need to rewrite functions like factorial to take advantage of it . This is easy with a helper function . In production we 'd use IIFEs and other techniques to encapsulate things and prevent the creation of a new closure every time we call factorial , but we are n't in production , so :
function factorial ( n ) { var _factorial = function myself ( acc , n ) { return n ? myself ( acc * n , n - 1 ) : acc } ; return _factorial ( 1 , n ) ; }
Now our function either returns a value or it returns the result of calling another function without doing anything with that result .
Sharp-eyed functional programmers will notice that we 're basically rewriting this thing into a fold over a lazy sequence , but it is man 's nature to find many paths to enlightenment , so let 's push on .
It gives us the correct results , but we can see that Node does n't perform this magic “ tail-call elimination . ”
factorial ( 10 ) //= > 3628800 factorial ( 32768 ) //= > RangeError : Maximum call stack size exceeded
So what to do ? Well , naturally we 're asked to Greenspun tail-call elimination on top of JavaScript .
Greenspun 's Tenth Rule : Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc , informally-specified , bug-ridden , slow implementation of half of Common Lisp .
Steele & Crockford 's Corollary to Greenspun 's Tenth Rule : Any sufficiently interesting JavaScript library contains an ad hoc , informally-specified , bug-ridden , slow implementation of half of Haskell .
trampolining
One way to implement tail-call elimination is also handy for many other general things we might want to do with computation , it 's called trampolining . What we do is this :
When we call a function , it returns a thunk that we call to get a result . Of course , the thunk can return another thunk , so every time we get a result , we check to see if it 's a thunk . If not , we have our final result .
What 's a thunk ? I did n't explain that ? For our purposes , a thunk is a function taking no arguments that is intended purely for greenspunning features . For example , this is a thunk : function ( ) { return 'Hello World ' ; } .
An extremely simple and useful implementation of trampolining can be found in the Lemonad library . It works provided that you want to trampoline a function that does n't return a function . Here it is :
L . trampoline = function ( fun / * , args * / ) { var result = fun . apply ( fun , _ . rest ( arguments ) ) ; while ( _ . isFunction ( result ) ) { result = result ( ) ; } return result ; } ;
We 'll rewrite it in allong.es style for consistency with other posts in this blog . Meaning , we write it as a function decorator :
npm install allong . es var variadic = require ( 'allong.es ' ) . variadic ; var trampoline = function ( fn ) { return variadic ( function ( args ) { var result = fn . apply ( this , args ) ; while ( result instanceof Function ) { result = result ( ) ; } return result ; } ) ; } ;
Now here 's our implementation of factorial that is wrapped around a trampolined tail recursive function :
function factorial ( n ) { var _factorial = trampoline ( function myself ( acc , n ) { return n ? function ( ) { return myself ( acc * n , n - 1 ) ; } : acc } ) ; return _factorial ( 1 , n ) ; } factorial ( 10 ) ; //= > 362800 factorial ( 32768 ) ; //= > Infinity
Presto , it runs for n = 32768 . Now we 'd better fix the “ infinity ” problem , caused by JavaScript 's limitations on integers . Here 's our finished work :
npm install big - integer var variadic = require ( 'allong.es ' ) . variadic , bigInt = require ( `` big-integer '' ) ; var trampoline = function ( fn ) { return variadic ( function ( args ) { var result = fn . apply ( this , args ) ; while ( result instanceof Function ) { result = result ( ) ; } return result ; } ) ; } ; function factorial ( n ) { var _factorial = trampoline ( function myself ( acc , n ) { return n . greater ( 0 ) ? function ( ) { return myself ( acc . times ( n ) , n . minus ( 1 ) ) ; } : acc } ) ; return _factorial ( bigInt . one , bigInt ( n ) ) ; } factorial ( 10 ) . toString ( ) //= > '3628800 ' factorial ( 32768 ) //= > GO FOR LUNCH
Well , it now takes a very long time to run , but it is going to get us the proper result and we can print that as a string , so we 'll leave it calculating in another process and carry on .
And the implementation did not require much modification . This is good , converting to tail-call form was much more intrusive .
What we 've done we 've done is :
Rewrite our function in tail-recursive form , and ; Instead of returning the result of calling a , we 've ; Returned a thunk , a function that calls ourself , and ; Called the trampoline decorator on it , and ; Converted to big integer arithmetic .
The limitation of this simple implementation is that because it tests for the function returning a function , it will not work for functions that return functions . If you want to trampoline a function that returns a function , you need a more sophisticated mechanism , such as the trampoline implementation in bilby.js .
Here 's our factorial done with bilby :
var B = require ( 'bilby ' ) , cont = B . cont , done = B . done , trampoline = B . trampoline ; function factorial ( n ) { var _factorial = function myself ( acc , n ) { return n . greater ( 0 ) ? cont ( function ( ) { return myself ( acc . times ( n ) , n . minus ( 1 ) ) ; } ) : done ( acc ) } ; return trampoline ( _factorial ( bigInt . one , bigInt ( n ) ) ) ; } factorial ( 10 ) . toString ( ) ; //= > '3628800 ' factorial ( 32768 ) ; //= > GO FOR LUNCH
Bilby 's approach has a few more moving parts , but they are very clear and the naming may help convey the intention . And as a benefit , there is no limitation that trampolined functions can not return functions .
summary
Trampolining is a technique for greenspunning tail-call elimination . Meaning , if you take a recursive function and rewrite it in tail-call form , you can eliminate the need to create a stack frame for every ‘ invocation ' .
It is very handy in a language like JavaScript , in that it allows you to use a recursive style for functions without worrying about limitations on stack sizes .
Follow-up : High Level Trampolining
notes :
Image copyright Strava Image caption The outline of the Welsh dragon , created by Alan Stone and Martyn Driscoll using Strava
Two Cardiff runners have used a GPS tracking app to draw the outline of a giant Welsh dragon .
Martyn Driscoll and Alan Stone ran the length of a marathon to create the art work using the running app Strava .
The 28-mile ( 45km ) route in Upper Brynamman , Carmarthenshire , took them more than eight hours .
The route was plotted by tracing the dragon 's outline on a map and then using the app to track their run .
When uploaded to Strava , the route shows up as a picture .
The pair did their dragon run on 1 April and said their friends did not believe it was real at first - but they eventually convinced them it was genuine and not an April Fool .
Image copyright Martyn Driscoll
Mr Stone , 57 , from Whitchurch , said : `` We needed to chose an area which was quite big , on open land with no fences , major rivers or roads or cliffs to fall off .
`` You just have to follow the way the app is showing you . There were a couple of quarries we had to go around , so if you look at the tail it 's a bit wobbly .
`` I do n't think anyone has done anything so detailed over such a large area before . It was great fun and kept us entertained on a wet day . ''
Mr Driscoll , 38 , from Radyr , said the pair were inspired by other people doing similar things on Strava from across the world .
`` The images people have created are quite basic and we wanted to test ourselves . What could be better than doing the Welsh dragon ? '' he said .
`` It was quite easy to navigate using an iPhone with a spare battery pack .
`` We are both competent runners but it took us a lot longer than we thought . At the bottom there was a huge bog which slowed us down , but we persevered . ''
A number of `` Strava artists '' have previously made headlines for using the cycling app to plot drawings .
One month ago , I wrote about why the Government should reject Tobacco Retailer Licencing ( TRL ) – a putative bid to crack down on black market smokes which would in fact heavily penalise legitimate retailers , especially small shops .
Small businesses are less able than their larger competitors to absorb the costs and uncertainty involved in a new regulatory regime . They are also far more dependent on tobacco revenue than supermarkets .
The extent of that dependency has been highlighted by a new survey by Tobacco Retailers Alliance , according to which 68 per cent of local retailers derive more than 20 per cent of their total revenue from tobacco ; 31 per cent more than 30 per cent of their revenue ; and 15 per cent over 40 per cent of their revenue .
These figures do not include smokers ' additional spend , much of which would be lost if smokers had to buy tobacco elsewhere – according to Retail Newsagent magazine 39 per cent of visits to convenience stores is tobacco-driven , and the average revenue contribution of a smoking shopper is double that of their non-smoking counterparts .
As I wrote last time : “ If you need to go to a town centre or out-of-town complex for your cigarettes , chances are you 'll do the rest of your shopping whilst you 're there . ”
As a result of these findings , no fewer than 98 per cent of local retailers surveyed see a potential loss of tobacco sale rights as a threat to their business , and 87 per cent believe that losing the right to sell tobacco would force them to close their shop .
Of course , business is only one part of a broader set of considerations the Government must weigh when passing new legislation .
Yet it would surely be foolish to disregard the voices of those who find themselves at the front line of the struggle with black market tobacco products – not least because the entire British legislative system is designed around the model of each side making its case as best it can so that the Cabinet can make the best decision possible .
Yet Anna Soubry , the Small Business Minister , declined in February to meet the TRA to discuss their concerns .
It 's hard to see a good reason for this : meeting a trade body which represents tens of thousands of small businesses is surely pretty fundamental to the job of a ‘ Small Business Minister ' . Apparently tobacco retailers plan to seek a meeting today or , failing that , picket her office .
Soubry 's reluctance to engage with tobacco sellers might have its roots in her year as Public Health minister , in which she was an enthusiastic champion of all manner of anti-smoking measures including plain packaging and ‘ Minimum Tobacco Pack Sizes ' ( MTPS ) , the EU 's incoming ban on ten packs of cigarettes .
But when ministers move they ought to leave such baggage at the door of their new office . It is the Department of Health 's job to present the case for further tobacco controls , and the Department of Business ' ( BIS ) to represent those who might be adversely affected .
After getting needlessly blind-sided by the problems of Port Talbot steelworks and BHS , BIS is not giving the impression of a department in command of its brief . Its ministers should be bending over backwards to combat that impression , rather than allowing ideological cross-contamination from other departments to stop them doing their job .
Drone racing on show to huge live audience Tourism ONE of the world 's fastest growing sports that blends high speed with skill and technology will be showcased to a live audience of more than 100,000 people in South Australia next month . Republish Notify me
Drone races will be held over 10 nights at the Royal Adelaide Show from September 2-11 in front of an expected daily crowd of up to 12,000 .
The Royal Adelaide Show is hosting the races in conjunction with the MAAA , which will include the South Australian State Championship and Australian International Championship with total prize money of AU $ 25,000 .
FPVAdelaide FPV Racing was only formed in late 2015 and is already struggling to keep up with demand . It is considering creating new branches of the club to cater for the growing number of members .
Chairman Alan Boldock said it would be the biggest drone event ever staged in the state .
“ It 's going to give us a pivotal point to pull the community together , ” he said .
“ It is huge , we have something like eight new people a week wanting to be involved by joining our Facebook group . The amount of products that are coming out and the prices of them is just phenomenal .
“ It 's almost the perfect storm of cheap technology that 's making it readily available plus the technology is getting smarter . ”
Three races with four competitors in each race will be held every night from 8pm in the main arena requiring competitors to navigate a series of gates around the course , reaching speeds of up to 130km/h .
Different track layouts will be used for the South Australian State Championship and the Australian International Championship so as not to provide an unfair advantage to the four SA racers who progress into the National Championship .
The 2016 Australian Drone Nationals will be held on the Gold Coast from August 19-21 .
Boldock said several competitors from the national championship were expected to also compete in Adelaide .
He said staging the races in front of such big crowds would help boost the sport 's growing popularity and cement the Royal Adelaide Show event as a regular fixture on the Australian Drone Racing calendar .
“ This is the first time we 've had an official event in front of a live audience , ” he said .
“ We did a demonstration for them under lights at the showgrounds two weeks ago and that made them passionate about it – it can be quite spectacular because they are so fast . ”
First-person view ( FPV ) drone racing require participants to control drones equipped with cameras while wearing head-mounted displays showing the live stream camera feed from the drones . Amateur racing began in Australia in 2014 .
The 2016 World Drone Racing Championships will be held in Hawaii in October where racers will compete for US $ 200,000 in cash and prizes .
It 's been most of three months since the Raptors were swept into oblivion by LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers . And if that defeat still resonates in its one-sidedness — if it exposed the Raptors as residing in an NBA no man 's land between true contender and tank-ready rebuilder — maybe its sting has been softened by time . Time , and the twists and turns of this wild NBA summer . Sure , Toronto 's dismal post-season was disheartening , but its outlook has been brightened , at least slightly , by an off-season that 's been equally intriguing .
Masai Ujiri 's three-year commitment to Kyle Lowry is looking better and better this off-season . ( Mark Blinch / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
If basketball 's playoffs seemed preordained , its remarkable July has been refreshingly unpredictable . Even with the NFL season about six weeks in the offing , basketball talk has overtaken football chatter as the go-to sports-talk topic on plenty of U.S. outlets . Never mind that it 's only been six weeks since the Golden State Warriors asserted their incredible dominance with a five-game walkover of the Cavs in the NBA final . Even the presence of an untouchable super team has n't taken away from the off-court drama . And the thing is , a lot of the off-court drama has broken in Toronto 's favour .
Article Continued Below
It 's not just the continuing dysfunction in New York , where Phil Jackson finally exited after his miscast run as Knicks president , and where the pall of hopelessness — not to mention the cluelessness of owner James Dolan — kept Raptors president Masai Ujiri from seeing the job , for all its Big Apple charms and huge-money prospects , from being a real possibility . And it 's not simply the hollowing out of the Eastern Conference , where a healthy chunk of teams has assessed their situation and decided that now 's the time for a gutting . In the past month or so , Indiana 's Paul George has been traded to Oklahoma City , Chicago 's Jimmy Butler has been shipped to Minnesota and Atlanta 's Paul Millsap signed as a free agent in Denver — three all-stars from the already-inferior East headed to the West . It 's also the recent report from ESPN 's Brian Windhorst that Kyrie Irving , Cleveland 's ball-on-a-string , rise-to-the-moment point guard , has spent part of his off-season asking to be traded out from under James 's massive shadow . Depending on the explanation to which you subscribe , Irving is either a ) tired of playing alongside James and wants to reside in a place where he 's more of a focal point ( an odd outlook considering James is among the most willing passers in the pantheon of all-time greats , and that Irving led the Cavaliers in shot attempts last season ) ; or b ) seeing into a future in which James , who can be a free agent next summer , looks to have plenty of motivation to depart Cleveland after next season . If b ) looks more likely , it 's hard to blame Irving for not wanting to be the last all-star standing on a soon-to-be-irrelevant team . Either way , all of that is good for the Raptors . Chaos in Cleveland is good for the Raptors . And sure enough , there 's been plenty more on offer , including the bizarre departure of Cavs GM David Griffin , who 'd done a great job that apparently was n't valued by owner Dan Gilbert . While James sent out a social-media message on Tuesday that appeared to refute an ESPN report that claimed James was upset enough with Irving 's trade request to want to “ beat ( Irving 's ) ass ” — a post that included the hashtag # NotFactsPeople — team harmony does n't appear imminent . Add the Irving storyline to the idea that all-star forward Kevin Love was reportedly a linchpin in a proposed but nixed trade that would have brought George to Cleveland and it 's not hard to imagine how next season will test the limits of James 's genius as a team leader . Which is not to say the Raptors — whose key off-season moves , save for the acquisition of three-point-shooting specialist C.J . Miles , have been mostly status-quo transactions — are suddenly the favourites to rule the East . Even if their conference is the equivalent of the league 's second division , the list of emerging teams is n't insignificant . Philadelphia is an emerging power , but the Sixers ' window to contend probably wo n't open for a couple of years . Milwaukee is scary , as the Raptors found out in a first-round series that went six games . Washington , only a couple of springs removed from sweeping the Raptors in the first round , remains a threat .
And Boston is certainly better with the addition of free-agent prize Gordon Hayward . But let 's not forget that , for all the criticism of Raptors coaching staff after Toronto was dismantled by the Cavs in the second round , that LeBron and company unleashed a beatdown on the Celtics that was , in some ways , even more resounding . Yes , the Celtics won a single game in the East final . But the idea that the Celtics are a distinguishable cut above the Raptors , or that Boston coach Brad Stevens is some kind of strategic savant — Boston 's 46-point loss in Game 2 strongly suggested otherwise . All of that is to say that Ujiri 's three-year commitment to Kyle Lowry has looked more and more wise with the passing of time . Not that it 'd be a shock if James , after an off-season of drama , finds a way to make his team ridiculously formidable , no matter who 's on it . Then again , it would n't be hard to imagine a less-impressive scenario . If James is playing with one foot out the door , if Irving begins the season with both feet somewhere else — or , at least , wishing it 'd be so — then there 's at least a chance the Cavs wo n't be crowned Eastern Conference champions before the season even begins . In a league that 's lately been short on unpredictability , that amounts to something approaching bankable optimism in Raptorland .
Read more about :
The Legend of Wonder Woman Part 2 has been cancelled , writer Renae De Liz announced via Twitter .
`` I am very grateful to DC for the opportunity to work with such an iconic character over the last few years , that was a joy like none other , '' De Liz wrote .
The tweets came several hours after she had tweeted that today was one of the worst days of her life . `` Biggest concern is how to support my family through Christmas with the sudden loss of finances , being I have three kids and just found out one is on the way , '' she tweeted , adding that supporters and fans who would like to help can reach out to artist Ray Dillon via e-mail to inquire about purchasing original art or signed books .
`` I am so sorry to fans of The Legend of Wonder Woman , as the story is left unfinished , and there were so many fun adventures to be told , '' De Liz said . The Legend of Wonder Woman , which came out in hardcover , launched as a digital-first title , with the individual issues adding up to a nine-issue miniseries . The 270-page collected edition , marked `` Volume 1 , '' was out in comic shops last week and available in bookstores and on Amazon Tuesday .
I am sad to announce Legend of Wonder Woman pt 2 has been cancelled . I am surprised & devastated I wo n't be able to finish the project . — Renae De Liz ( @ RenaeDeLiz ) December 16 , 2016
De Liz and Dillon have been pounding the pavement this week , doing interviews in support of the hardcover release . Presumably this was a decision DC put until just before production started on the next volume . Something similar happened earlier this year when Prez , which had been announced a year ago as a pair of six-issue minsieries , failed to score its second miniserires . The series , like The Legend of Wonder Woman , earned rave reviews both in and outside of the comic book specialty market . In both cases , it 's likely that the collected edition sales were expected to be higher , since they are the sort of titles that traditionally do better in the bookstore market .
DC has not responded to requests for comment as of press time . Typically they do not comment specifically on cancellations .
U.S. gymnast Laura Zeng is on a historic run to the Rio 2016 Olympics
Laura Zeng 's name is already in the U.S. history books , and she has n't stepped foot in Rio yet .
The 16-year-old Illinois high school student won her second straight rhythmic gymnastics national title Sunday night , earning a spot to compete in the Rio Olympics in August .
Zeng was the overwhelming favorite to win on Sunday because she has been making history for Team USA over the past few years . In May , she became the first American to medal at a World Cup , winning bronzes in hoop and ribbon at the 2016 Minsk World Cup . She also won Team USA 's first Youth Olympics medal in rhythmic gymnastics with a bronze at the Nanjing 2014 Youth Olympic Games .
And -- as if all that 's not impressive enough -- she took home all five possible individual rhythmic gymnastic gold medals at the 2015 Pan American Games .
Zeng , who participated in Chinese dance as a child , was introduced to rhythmic gymnastics by a friend .
`` I was drawn to the performance aspect , as I was a dancer and I loved performing for the audience , '' Zeng told the Chicago Tribune . `` And the musicality and being able to express myself while also being able to do equipment handling also really appealed to me . ''
We 're both happy to be here in Providence for Nationals 2016 😉 # twinning 😄 A photo posted by Laura Zeng ( @ toss_and_catch ) on Jun 7 , 2016 at 5:53pm PDT
Zeng is one of eight U.S trampoline and rhythmic gymnasts to qualify for the Olympics at the close of competition Sunday , which includes Team USA 's second rhythmic gymnastics group in history . ( The artistic gymnastics men 's and women 's Olympic teams are still to be named . )
A top-10 finish for Zeng at the Olympics is well within reach ( she finished eighth all-around at the 2015 world championships ) , and it would be the highest placement ever for a U.S. rhythmic gymnast .
It seems Laura Zeng might have more history to make .
Nouri al-Maliki
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region — Iraq 's vice president and former prime minister , Nouri al-Maliki , has accused Kurdish leaders of “ masterminding ” the fall of Mosul to the hands of the Islamic State militants .
“ Kurds were propagating against me and telling the Iraqi army ( in Mosul ) that the ISIS was not there to fight them , but to fight me and the Shiites only , ” Nouri Maliki said during an interview with the Lebanese Manar TV on Saturday .
He also said , “ I will provide evidence in the coming days which will show who facilitated the fall of Mosul and who told the Iraqi army to withdraw , ” an accusatory Maliki said of the June events that led to the fall of Sunni heartland to the jihadists militants .
Maliki has also criticised a recent oil and budget agreement between Baghdad and Erbil , saying the deal was a show of compassion .
Kurdistan Region 's President Masoud Barzani has said Maliki was warned of the imminent threat Mosul city was facing , and declined Kurdish help to defend Mosul .
He said , “ Mr Maliki did not heed to our warnings seriously , instead of accepting our help to protect the city , he told me to worry about Kurdistan , ” Barzani told the Kurdish parliament in Erbil in June just days after ISIS had captured the city .
Sunni tribes in Nenawa province , where Mosul is the capital , have shown weak support for a strong Iraqi army presence in the area which they see as largely sectarian and Shiite .
JNS.org – Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has received more campaign contributions than any other US politician from “ individuals who subscribe to the same Islamic supremacism as Khomeini , Bin Laden and ISIS , ” according to a list compiled by a Philadelphia-based think tank .
Clinton ranked first on the Middle East Forum 's 2015-2016 “ Islamist Money in Politics ” list of politicians who have taken money from prominent Islamists with ties to terrorism .
According to MEF , Clinton took $ 41,165 from donors associated with terrorist organizations , including $ 19,249 from senior leaders of the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) , deemed a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates in 2014 . In 2007 , CAIR was named an unindicted co-conspirator in the FBI 's case against the Hamas-linked Holy Land Foundation , which was eventually found guilty of aiding Hamas .
In one instance , MEF said , Clinton accepted $ 3,000 from former CAIR vice chairman Ahmad Al-Akhras , who has defended numerous Islamists indicted and later convicted of terrorism .
While Green Party candidate Jill Stein has accepted $ 250 , Republican nominee Donald Trump and Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson have not received any such funds , MEF reported .
Others on the list include Rep. Keith Ellison ( D-Minn. ) , who received $ 17,370 , and Rep. Andre Carson ( D-Ind . ) , who received $ 13,225 . Ellison and Carson are the first and second Muslims to be elected to the US Congress .
The Middle East Forum 's top-10 list includes nine democrats , one independent – Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders who accepted $ 9,285 – and no Republicans .
The self-described aim of the MEF 's Islamist Money in Politics project , launched in 2014 , is to raise awareness of Islamist influence on US politics , by making public the campaign contributions made by 1,356 figures in America 's leading Islamist groups . To date , the project has documented 2,974 such contributions , totalling $ 1.43 million .
TORONTO – In an effort to distance themselves from the controversy surrounding President Donald Trump , the owners of the Trump International Hotel & Tower located at Bay & Adelaide in Toronto have elected to change the name to the James Comey Resort & Spa .
“ It was bad enough when our hotel was named after a Presidential candidate who bragged about sexually assaulting women , but now with Trump potentially facing obstruction of justice charges we could n't go on like this any longer , ” said Justin Floyd of J.C.F . Capital , the company that owns the building . “ We felt it only appropriate to name the building after the FBI chief Trump fired in a blatant attempt to subvert the investigation against him . ”
“ Also we 're expanding our Health & Wellness Centre to include a state of the art mudbath ! ”
On Twitter , President Donald Trump blasted the move :
In addition to the name , the Hotel has changed a number of its features . Instead of “ The America Restaurant ” visitors can now eat at the “ Special Prosecutor Diner. ” And rather than encourage customers to “ join the Trump lifestyle ” the hotel 's concierge strongly recommends guests disclose any and all contact they have had with Russian officials . Finally the penthouse suite will now be known as the “ But her emails ! ” room .
“ We feel this rebranding will allow our customers to feel better about visiting our hotel , while still enjoying the gaudy architecture , overpriced cocktails and falling panes of glass that have come to define our presence in Toronto , ” added Floyd .
James Comey was unavailable to comment on the story as he was too busy celebrating the fact that everyone has forgotten he is the reason Trump is President in the first place .
Eight months ago , California voters approved Proposition 64 , making the recreational use of marijuana by those 21 and older legal . In barely more than six months , state officials have to make sure Prop 64 becomes a reality by putting a legal and regulatory framework in place .
Regulations for production and sale of adult-use cannabis are due at the beginning of 2018 , and the scope of the rollout is huge — including cultivation , manufacturing , testing , distribution and sales .
“ The clock is ticking , ” said Lori Ajax , the chief of the state 's Bureau of Medical Cannabis Regulation for California , who in charge of coordinating California— 's efforts to oversee a cannabis industry that some estimate may soon be worth between $ 4 billion to $ 7 billion . “ We all know what we have to get done and failure is not an option for us . ”
Other states have legalized recreational marijuana laws but California is by far the largest to-do so — both in terms of population and in size of its agricultural base — and principals in every sector of the cannabis industry are watching closely .
“ I do n't envy them , ” said Jack Scatizzi , managing director at Canopy San Diego , a technology accelerator aimed at finding and funding cannabis companies . “ There 's a lot of pressure on them but I think but I think this is really the opportunity to get this right , on scale . ”
In June , the state Legislature passed a budget trailer bill that essentially marries the rules for medicinal marijuana with recreational use , which will give the state one set of regulations instead of two . Gov . Jerry Brown signed the bill into law Tuesday .
“ I think it streamlines things and hopefully it will be less expensive ” for the industry to operate , Ajax said .
State officials plan to have an online licensing system up before Jan. 1 , 2018 , allowing people to apply ahead of time . The state can then perform background checks and vet applicants , although Ajax said completing the process before the first of the year “ is going to be a challenge . ”
Licensing fees have not been finalized . The California Food and Agriculture and the Department of Public Health have been releasing proposals and are still drafting environmental impact reports .
“ I think we 're right on schedule , ” Ajax said .
As per state law , the bureau can not issue state licenses unless applicants have received the OK from their local governments .
However , the state is allowed to issue temporary licenses to those already in compliance with their local jurisdictions .
“ This will get done but I do n't think this will be a situation where come Jan. 1 , you can walk in and get into any dispensary and buy , ” said Scatizzi . “ It will probably be a slow roll out . ”
Ajax said the state will take a measured approach .
“ If something 's not working , we have to change direction , ” she said . “ This is a growing industry so we 've got to be quick , we 've got to be nimble . ”
The rollout may have national implications . Due to California 's sheer size , a smooth transition — or , alternately , a clumsy one — may go a long way toward influencing other states ' attitudes about marijuana , especially considering that U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is a harsh critic of legalizing pot .
“ If California can do it right , ” Scatizzi said , “ and if the amount of taxes they 're predicting comes in , and if it 's able to ( reduce ) some of our deficits , with no increase in cannabis-related accidents and we do n't see an increase in crimes related to cannabis , it 's going to blow all of the naysayers out of the water . ”
In Canada , marijuana for medicinal purposes is already legal in every province and the country 's lawmakers are on the verge of doing the same thing for recreation use , effective July 2018 .
Jacob Crowe , the CEO of Toronto-based BudTender , said a successful implementation in California depends on coordinating each sector of the industry .
“ I think what California can learn from Canada is go as strict as possible and then move off . That 's the way to do it , ” Crowe said . “ If you go too loose , there 's too much of an opportunity for the black market . You see that in Colorado . They 've killed off the black market significantly but 33 percent of all cannabis is being sold through the black market . You need to root that out from the beginning and then move on from there . ”
Christian Valdez is CEO of Traffic Roots , a digital advertising firm aimed at connecting cannabis users to industry producers , wants to make sure the new regulations do n't impede his company , which is just getting launched .
“ Government is very good at making loose and broad laws that are n't really defined enough to make progress , ” he said .
Melissa Stapley , who runs MJ Hybrid Solutions , a small business in San Diego that specializes in sales training for cannabis outlets , said the state needs to institute safety and educational guidelines , especially as the market for edible marijuana grows .
Too many potential customers , Stapley said , do n't know what can happen if they take too much too fast .
“ It 's not like alcohol , ” Stapley said , “ Everyone knows that if you buy a six-pack of beer , you ca n't go home and drink all six in 15 minutes . ”
© 2017 San Diego Union Tribune ( San Diego , Calif. ) Visit The Union Tribune at www.sandiegouniontribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency , LLC .
To subscribe to The Cannifornian 's email newsletter , click here .
Jon Bloom serves as author , board chair , and co-founder of Desiring God . He is author of three books , Not by Sight Things Not Seen , and Do n't Follow Your Heart . He and his wife have five children and make their home in the Twin Cities .
Jon Bloom serves as author , board chair , and co-founder of Desiring God . He is author of three books , Not by Sight Things Not Seen , and Do n't Follow Your Heart . He and his wife have five children and make their home in the Twin Cities .
“ Follow your heart ” is a creed embraced by billions of people . It 's a statement of faith in one of the great pop cultural myths of the Western world , a gospel proclaimed in many of our stories , movies , and songs .
Essentially , it 's a belief that your heart is a compass inside of you that will direct you to your own true north if you just have the courage to follow it . It says that your heart is a true guide that will lead you to true happiness if you just have the courage to listen to it . The creed says that you are lost and your heart will save you .
This creed can sound so simple and beautiful and liberating . For lost people it 's a tempting gospel to believe .
Is This the Leader You Want to Follow ?
Until you consider that your heart has sociopathic tendencies . Think about it for a moment . What does your heart tell you ?
Please do n't answer . Your heart has likely said things today that you would not wish to repeat . I know mine has . My heart tells me that all reality ought to serve my desires . My heart likes to think the best of me and worst of others — unless those others happen to think well of me ; then they are wonderful people . But if they do n't think well of me , or even if they just disagree with me , well then , something is wrong with them . And while my heart is pondering my virtues and others ' errors , it can suddenly find some immoral or horribly angry thought very attractive .
“ No , our hearts will not save us . We need to be saved from our hearts. ” Twitter Tweet Facebook Share on Facebook
The “ follow your heart ” creed certainly is n't found in the Bible . The Bible actually thinks our hearts have a disease : “ The heart is deceitful above all things , and desperately sick ; who can understand it ? ” ( Jeremiah 17:9 ) . Jesus , the Great Physician , lists the grim symptoms of this disease : “ out of the heart come evil thoughts , murder , adultery , sexual immorality , theft , false witness , slander ” ( Matthew 15:19 ) . This is not leadership material .
The truth is , no one lies to us more than our own hearts . No one . If our hearts are compasses , they are Jack Sparrow compasses . They do n't tell us the truth ; they just tell us what we want . If our hearts are guides , they are Gothels . They are not benevolent ; they are pathologically selfish . In fact , if we do what our hearts tell us to do , we will pervert and impoverish every desire , every beauty , every person , every wonder , and every joy . Our hearts want to consume these things for our own self-glory and self-indulgence .
No , our hearts will not save us . We need to be saved from our hearts .
This Is the Leader You Want to Follow
Our hearts were never designed to be followed , but to be led . Our hearts were never designed to be gods in whom we believe ; they were designed to believe in God .
If we make our hearts gods and ask them to lead us , they will lead us to narcissistic misery and ultimately damnation . They can not save us , because what 's wrong with our hearts is the heart of our problem . But if our hearts believe in God , as they are designed to , then God saves us ( Hebrews 7:25 ) and leads our hearts to exceeding joy ( Psalm 43:4 ) .
Therefore , do n't believe in your heart ; direct your heart to believe in God . Do n't follow your heart ; follow Jesus . Note that Jesus did not say to his disciples , “ Let not your hearts be troubled , just believe in your hearts. ” He said , “ Let not your hearts be troubled . Believe in God ; believe also in me ” ( John 14:1 ) .
So , though your heart will try to shepherd you today , do not follow it . It is not a shepherd . It is a pompous sheep that , due to remaining sin , has some wolf-like qualities . Do n't follow it , and be careful even listening to it . Remember , your heart only tells you what you want , not where you should go . So , only listen to it to note what it 's telling you about what you want , and then take your wants , both good and evil , to Jesus as requests and confessions .
Jesus is your shepherd ( Psalm 23:1 ; John 10:11 ) . Listen to his voice in his word and follow him ( John 10:27 ) . Let him be , in the words of a great hymn , the “ heart of [ your ] own heart whatever befall. ” He is the truth , he is the way , and he will lead you to life ( John 14:6 ) .
Snow is paralyzing North Carolina as the state runs into some of the same traffic problems that plagued Atlanta a few weeks ago .
Some roads in Raleigh , Charlotte , Fayetteville , and Durham are clogged with traffic . People who are on the roads are getting stuck , and there 's a long wait for tow trucks in some areas .
Brad Panovich , a meteorologist in Charlotte , notes that , just like in Atlanta last month , the bad traffic in North Carolina is being caused in part by everyone hitting the roads at the same time .
People went to work early Wednesday morning , but all left at the same time once the snow started falling between 9 and 11 a.m. , causing gridlock on the snow-coated roads . Plows are having difficulty treating the roads because of the traffic .
Some people have already resorted to abandoning their cars :
Others have wiped out on the snowy roads :
Traffic is bad across most of the state :
North Carolina Department of Transportation
Raleigh resident Ben Smith gave Business Insider an account of the traffic situation in the city : `` I live and work in downtown . I was able to get from my office back home . My wife works in Morrisville , about 25 minutes away . She left the office at 12 p.m. and is still on the road . I am coaching her home with Google Maps . It appears that , from WRAL TV , the ramp from Wade Avenue to 440 is blocked by abandoned cars . That is a HUGE ramp ( downtown Raleigh to highway ) . ''
While there 's gridlock in parts of the city , some roads are abandoned . Smith sent us these photos :
Photo by Ben Smith
Photo by Ben Smith
Here 's where some of the gridlock is occurring in Raleigh :
This road looks more like a parking lot :
This highway in Durham is at a standstill :
Charlotte is also seeing gridlock from the snow :
This is Raleigh around 5 p.m .
Relics of Padre Pio Begin Second U.S. Tour
Several relics of St. Pio of Pietrelcina — better known as Padre Pio — are returning to the United States for this second part of the 2017 United States tour that begins on September 16 . The tour will have stops in several dioceses .
The news comes from the Saint Pio Foundation , the official sponsors of this visit currently scheduled to run through Oct. 6 .
On this second tour there will be several relics of Padre Pio for veneration : Saint Pio 's glove ; Saint Pio 's crusts of the wounds ; cotton-gauze with Saint Pio 's blood stains ; a lock of Saint Pio 's hair ; Saint Pio 's mantle ; and Saint Pio 's handkerchief soaked with his sweat hours before he died . ( See photos of relics here . )
“ We understood this year is very important with two celebrations for Padre Pio , ” points out Luciano Lamonarca , the Saint Pio Foundation 's president and CEO . The year 2017 marks Padre Pio 's 130th birth anniversary and the 15th anniversary of his canonization . Another saint , John Paul II , canonized him in 2002 .
The Saint Pio Foundation , which celebrated its third anniversary on April 4 , has been very active in preserving the legacy of Padre Pio and promoting him in many ways . Lamonarca says that it was now the time “ to bring Padre Pio inside the church ” in a way to foster greater “ devotion to him. ” The foundation has already been active in its three years giving the type of help to those needing it in ways Padre Pio would approve .
This relic tour developed right after Dec. 12 , 2016 , when the Saint Pio Foundation signed an agreement with the Friars Minor Capuchin of Pietrelcina who designating this foundation as their official U.S. representative . The foundation 's religious advisory council consists of two cardinals and several archbishops and bishops .
Lamonarca believes the first part of the tour was a revelation . “ We did not know what to expect , obviously , because we never organized a tour of the relics , ” he says . “ So , it was far more than we expected . The highlight I believe was the Mass in honor of Padre Pio at the Cathedral in Pittsburgh , and at St. Andrew Church in Pasadena , California. ” More than 2,200 faithful attended the Mass on Tuesday morning in Pittsburgh and the same number attended the Thursday evening Mass in Pasadena .
What is he looking forward to with this part of the tour ?
Lamonarca says , “ Just to do what we are supposed to do : to foster devotion to Padre Pio , and to allow those faithful that request his intercession to have a more spiritual experience by venerating , and touch the reliquaries containing the relics . ”
Tour Openings
The tour opens on Sept. 16 at St. Joseph Seminary in Yonkers in the Archdiocese of New York . On the following days , Sept. 17-18 , people will be able to venerate Padre Pio 's relic a few miles away in Manhattan at St. Patrick Cathedral . Cardinal Timothy Dolan will celebrate Mass on Sunday at 10:15 for this occasion .
For September 20 , 2017 the tour moves to the Cathedral St. Joseph the Workman in the Diocese of La Crosse . Besides veneration , there will be two Masses that day , one celebrated by Bishop William Callahan .
“ With joyful thanksgiving to God , the relics of Padre Pio will be received in the Diocese of La Crosse , Wisconsin , ” Bishop Callahan told the Register . “ The significance of this event connects to many other important and sacred moments in the life of the Diocese . ”
This visit of Padre Pio 's relics ties into the diocese 's strong saintly connections . Bishop Callahan explained that “ First and foremost , the Diocese rejoices in the Beatification of a native son , Venerable Solanus Casey , on November 18 in Detroit . Secondly , the Diocese praises God for the life of one of our own priests , the Servant of God , Father Joseph Walijewski , whose formal case for beatification will be sent to Rome on March 19 , 2018 . ”
There is yet another diocesan connection to Padre Pio .
“ There is a deep Franciscan foundation in the La Crosse Diocese , ” Bishop Callahan explained . “ Early history of the diocese shows extensive ministry by the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration and the Third Order of Saint Francis . Capuchin Friars — Saint Pio 's own Community —served in the diocese for many years . My own personal connection to the Franciscan community as well as the deep Franciscan roots of our diocese connect us to the heroic virtue of Saint Pio and other holy men and women whose lives of faith and service inspire us . ”
Bishop Callahan 's hopes for this relic stop in his diocese is equally applicable to every stop on the tour . “ It is my hope , ” he explained , “ that everyone who makes a pilgrimage to venerate the relics will be inspired to learn more about the life of Saint Pio and follow his example . ”
Next Stops
Next stop is at Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee on Sept. 21 , then to another cathedral , basilica and major churches in dioceses beginning with the Diocese of Bridgeport , Connecticut , for two stops , one on Sept. 22-23 , then another on Sept. 24 .
The tour continues at two churches ( first , second ) in Archdiocese of Chicago , then in the Archdiocese of St. Louis , in the Diocese of Saginaw , then Diocese of Providence , next Archdiocese of Atlanta ( Mass with Archbishop Wilton Gregory ) , Archdiocese of New Orleans , and concluding in the Diocese of St. Augustine .
Every church on the tour agreed to celebrate a Mass in honor of Padre Pio .
Cardinal 's Blessing
One of the relics for veneration during the May tour is a glove worn by Padre Pio . Lamonarca says that the glove is being loaned by Cardinal Angelo Comastri , Vicar General of the Holy Father for Vatican City State , and the Archpriest of Papal Basilica of St. Peter . He also preached spiritual exercises to the Curia at the invitation of Pope St. John Paul II .
During a visit to Rome , president Lamonarca met with Cardinal Comastri . During that meeting concerning the Padre Pio relic tour in the United States , the cardinal imparted his blessing to all attending the public veneration of the relics of Padre Pio .
Cardinal Comastri in an official letter spoke about the importance of family for Padre Pio , and the importance of family for everyone . In it he wrote :
“ The pilgrimage of the relics of Padre Pio in several cathedrals and churches in the United States of America may awaken faith in families so that they might become a little Nazareth where the children could breathe in the gospel from the example of their parents .
“ May Our Lady , whom Padre Pio loved deeply , bless you , dear pilgrims , from Heaven , and may she place in your hearts all the joy of her Magnificat ! ”
U.S. Tie-in and Prayers
The U.S. visit ties into Padre Pio 's own family . Lamonarca explains that the saint 's own father , Grazio Forgione , “ left Pietrelcina to go abroad to provide economic support for Padre Pio to become a priest. ” He first went to Brazil , then eventually to New Castle , Pennsylvania , about 50 miles from Pittsburgh . He spent more than 10 years there and brought with him Padre Pio 's brother . Dad Grazio working all those years in the United States earned money for his son Padre Pio 's study to become a priest .
“ We are taking prayer intentions and free will donations , ” he says . These donations “ are used to support the Mission of the Saint Pio Foundation , as well to cover the expenses related to the tour of the relics for this year , and perhaps for the one of next year as well . ”
“ This has been a challenging project , ” Lamonarca says . But one well worth the effort to honor Padre Pio and give many people the chance to venerate his relics and pray for his intercession . ”
See the full tour schedule at the Saint Pio Foundation .
QARAQOSH , Iraq — “ We want our own guards . It is too difficult without them , ” said 70-year-old Sarah Kriaqosh Hannah . “ Before , they were our sons . Now we do not know who they are . ”
She has walked into the office of Father Yacoub of the Syrian Orthodox Mar Shimoni Church in Bartella . The church next door is still partly burned and damaged a year after the Christian town on Iraq 's Ninevah plains was liberated from the Islamic State ( IS ) . Many houses , too , still bear the scars of two years ' occupation by the radical group , looting and coalition bombs aimed at driving out or killing the IS leadership .
Of the families who fled Bartella in August 2014 , only 700 or so have returned . Over 1,000 have remained in the Kurdistan region , where they found refuge . The rest have managed to emigrate and leave Iraq .
The situation in Bartella is bad , Yacoub said , as there is hardly any electricity , no health care , a barely recovering education system and most importantly , no security . The problem is with the Shiite Shabak , a religious and ethnic group that has returned in larger numbers than the Christians . They have their own militia , part of the Iraqi Popular Mobilization Units , whose Shiite volunteers are feared due to the violent , vengeful behavior they displayed in the battle against IS .
Already problems have arisen , Yacoub said , with militiamen following Christian women in the streets , driving around playing their religious music at top volume and marching through the town beating their chests during the religious procession of Arbaeen , the yearly remembrance of the martyrdom of the Prophet Muhammad 's grandson . “ It is disrespectful of the Christian people ! ”
There have also been problems between the militia and Christian young people trying to collect data on who has returned for the church for aid purposes . “ The militia detained one of [ the youths ] , saying he had no permission . Who are they to demand we get permission ? ”
The priest also complained about houses looted after the liberation and Christian agricultural land that was taken by Shabak families . “ These are all indirect messages to the Christians not to return . ”
He agreed with Kriaqosh . Given that the local Iraqi police have no power over the Hashd militia , people would feel safer if the Christian community undertook their own policing . But the local Christian force that was trained for that duty by the Kurdish peshmerga forces has been banned from entering Bartella due to that affiliation .
Many of Bartella 's Christians supported the Kurds in their recent referendum on independence , opting even to become part of a Kurdish state . But Baghdad 's harsh reaction to the referendum , taking back land from the Kurds and imposing sanctions , has also had a negative impact on Christians .
Members of the Shabak minority have lived in the area for decades . In Bartella , they have been taking over Christian houses and businesses , as Christians had been leaving Iraq in large numbers for years , long before IS arrived . The two Shabak butchers on the way into town rent their shops from Christians . One of them , Hussein Mustafa , said , “ Business is bad , because many Shabak did not come back . But security is good . Thanks to the Hashd , we can play soccer until midnight and nothing happens . ”
Relations with the Christians are “ good but not very good , ” Mustafa said , as other men join the conversation . According to the men , Christians want to sell their houses and receive compensation for the damage . The Shabak suffer as a result of their religious discrimination , as the Christians do not want to mix . “ For 40 years , we practiced our religions side by side and respected each other , ” Mustafa said .
While Bartella is a sea of flags depicting Shiite saints , in neighboring Qaraqosh the banners only fly from some of the checkpoints at the entrances into town . Here , the Christians are protected by their own force , the Ninevah Protection Units , a battalion that forms part of the Iraqi army .
Life has returned to Qaraqosh much more than it has to Bartella . And even though the upper floors may still be badly damaged , the local shops , tea houses and restaurants are open and bustling . Houses are freshly painted in red and yellow to erase the memories of IS , who looted and burned many buildings before leaving .
Young Christians run most of the shops . These include 24-year-old Iso , who bakes the local lahm bahjin , a thin , crispy pizza with meat sauce and egg . He thinks that only a quarter of the town 's young people have returned , with the rest in Kurdistan , Baghdad or abroad . He hesitates when asked what he thinks about the Shiite militias in the area . “ If Christians were in control , it would be better , ” he finally said , carefully .
The Hashd also took their Arbaeen procession to the streets of Qaraqosh , but here people hardly reacted to it . They are more preoccupied with the fact that the Sunni villagers who stayed during the IS occupation , many of whom they say collaborated with the group locals call Daesh , are still there .
“ Daesh is finished , but the villagers stayed . Their ideology is the big challenge , ” said the Rev . George Jahola , who heads the Church Supreme Board for Reconstruction .
It is estimated that about half of all the 150,000 Ninevah Christians have emigrated , while the Syrian Catholic priest thinks that about 90 % of those who stayed have returned to his town . Most families have been back since September , arriving before the school started , but many of the men continue to work in Kurdistan and only return for the weekends .
Unlike in Bartella , safety has attracted residents to return to Qaraqosh — that and Jahola 's reconstruction project . “ We showed people that we spent the money in a good way . And that life can start again . ”
His commission made an inventory of all the houses in Qaraqosh , dividing them into three categories : destroyed , partly destroyed and damaged . He points to the satellite map of the town and to colored charts illustrating the situation . Repairing everything would take $ 65 million . “ Till now , we have only received $ 1 million. ” None of that came from the government ; the entire sum was provided by churches and nongovernmental organizations in Europe . Iraq 's budget for next year sets aside far too little money aside for post-IS rebuilding .
Just like his colleague in Bartella , Jahola stressed the Christian identity of his town . The Ottoman name of Qaraqosh is to be changed back to Baghdeda , the original Christian name . “ Land provides the population with identity and security , ” he said . Which is why , like Yacoub , he is not happy with the presence of the Shiite militias . He said the Christians are opposed “ to the invasion of other populations . We already have such a small area . If we accept non-Christians , we will have even less space . ”
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Not for the first time , QPR head to Manchester City with their Premier League status on the line . The mood ahead of Sunday 's match feels a lot more downbeat compared to the one on the final day of the 2011-12 campaign .
It is not just because the club 's position at the bottom of the table is far more perilous , which is bad enough , but fans are understandably worried about QPR 's long-term future .
As it turned out in 2012 , QPR could afford to lose at Etihad Stadium and still retain their top-flight status , albeit only for one more year .
Given they are seven points adrift of safety with just three matches to go , realistically only a win will do . Their fate could even be sealed before kick-off in the unlikely event of Aston Villa , Newcastle , Leicester and Hull all winning tomorrow .
Little give QPR a chance of pulling off the great escape . Of perhaps greater concern is their ability to bounce back from a second relegation in three years .
To say QPR scraped their way up from the Championship last season was an understatement . Mediocre for long periods , it took a fortunate win via the play-offs to return to the big time .
They will need more than luck this time because their squad is set to be decimated by player departures , with precious little money available to replace them .
Of the 28 players who have made an appearance for the club this term and are still at Loftus Road , 13 are out of contract . They include key first-team players such as centre-half Richard Dunne , captain Joey Barton and striker Bobby Zamora , as well as three loanees , Eduardo Vargas , Mauricio Isla and Mauro Zarate .
How QPR 's signings have fared this season 5 show all How QPR 's signings have fared this season 1/5 Sandro Mark : D
Sadly , the likeable Brazilian is a shadow of the player he once was at Tottenham .
Had QPR bought the midfielder that looked so strong in Spurs ' midfield three years ago , then £10m would have been an absolute bargain .
But the serious knee ligament injury he sustained for Spurs at Loftus Road , of all places , in January 2013 has robbed him of his powers .
Fitness issues have continued to be a problem and his return to the side from another knee injury , came too late to make an impact . Getty 2/5 Eduardo Vargas Mark : D
Hopes were high when Rangers acquired the talented Chile international on a season-long loan from Napoli .
After all his style had been compared to countryman and Arsenal 's new star Alexis Sanchez .
But unfortunately , the 25-year-old has flattered to deceive to a certain extent .
He has registered just three goals and been in and out of the side .
Just when he appeared to be finding some confidence with strikes in successive matches , he sustained a knee injury earlier this month to end his season prematurely . Getty 3/5 Leroy Fer Mark : C
The biggest success of QPR 's transfer policy , although they will face a tough job to keep him if they go down .
Fer , who joined from Norwich for £8m in August , has improved Rangers ' midfield markedly .
Once again though , injury has limited his number of League starts to just 23 , although he still managed to find the net a credible four times . 4/5 Mauricio Isla Mark : C
Another loan signing , this time from Serie A champions Juventus , yet he was n't able to bring their defensive stability with him .
Without being spectacular , Isla has enjoyed a steady campaign , either at right back or sometimes pushed slightly further forward .
At times his lack of pace has been exposed and perhaps made more mistakes that one would expect from an experienced Chile international . Still , it 's not his fault QPR have struggled throughout . GETTY 5/5 Rio Ferdinand Mark : E
The board were n't sure whether to back Redknapp over bringing the former Manchester United defender to Loftus Road and the move certainly has n't paid off .
Ferdinand may have been a free agent following his release from Old Trafford , but the centre back has shown little of the form that made him one of the Premier League 's finest over the previous decade .
Events in his personal life may have understandably played a part , yet QPR must have hoped when they brought him back to the capital that the 36-year-old would make more of a contribution and certainly more than than 11 starts .
Before Christmas , the former England international admitted he already had plans to retire and will surely go through with that plan in the summer . Getty 1/5 Sandro Mark : D
Sadly , the likeable Brazilian is a shadow of the player he once was at Tottenham .
Had QPR bought the midfielder that looked so strong in Spurs ' midfield three years ago , then £10m would have been an absolute bargain .
But the serious knee ligament injury he sustained for Spurs at Loftus Road , of all places , in January 2013 has robbed him of his powers .
Fitness issues have continued to be a problem and his return to the side from another knee injury , came too late to make an impact . Getty 2/5 Eduardo Vargas Mark : D
Hopes were high when Rangers acquired the talented Chile international on a season-long loan from Napoli .
After all his style had been compared to countryman and Arsenal 's new star Alexis Sanchez .
But unfortunately , the 25-year-old has flattered to deceive to a certain extent .
He has registered just three goals and been in and out of the side .
Just when he appeared to be finding some confidence with strikes in successive matches , he sustained a knee injury earlier this month to end his season prematurely . Getty 3/5 Leroy Fer Mark : C
The biggest success of QPR 's transfer policy , although they will face a tough job to keep him if they go down .
Fer , who joined from Norwich for £8m in August , has improved Rangers ' midfield markedly .
Once again though , injury has limited his number of League starts to just 23 , although he still managed to find the net a credible four times . 4/5 Mauricio Isla Mark : C
Another loan signing , this time from Serie A champions Juventus , yet he was n't able to bring their defensive stability with him .
Without being spectacular , Isla has enjoyed a steady campaign , either at right back or sometimes pushed slightly further forward .
At times his lack of pace has been exposed and perhaps made more mistakes that one would expect from an experienced Chile international . Still , it 's not his fault QPR have struggled throughout . GETTY 5/5 Rio Ferdinand Mark : E
The board were n't sure whether to back Redknapp over bringing the former Manchester United defender to Loftus Road and the move certainly has n't paid off .
Ferdinand may have been a free agent following his release from Old Trafford , but the centre back has shown little of the form that made him one of the Premier League 's finest over the previous decade .
Events in his personal life may have understandably played a part , yet QPR must have hoped when they brought him back to the capital that the 36-year-old would make more of a contribution and certainly more than than 11 starts .
Before Christmas , the former England international admitted he already had plans to retire and will surely go through with that plan in the summer . Getty
Naturally , some may be offered fresh terms to stay , although probably on reduced salaries .
The cull does not end there , though . Premier League clubs are already circling with intent over top scorer Charlie Austin , while Matt Phillips , Leroy Fer and Robert Green are likely to move , too .
And given the club 's desperation to get Adel Taarabt off the pay-roll , one ca n't imagine the midfielder suddenly becoming a key part of their plans .
Clearly , QPR can raise a minimum of £20million from the sales of Austin , Fer and Phillips alone , plus the wage bill will plummet .
The Premier League also currently promise £60m in parachute payments — spread over four years — for relegated teams . But that is small beer when the new TV deal , which comes into play in 2016 , rewards a club with £99m for finishing bottom .
Worst of all , the threat of a fine of more than £50m from the Football League continues to cast a shadow .
It is 18 months since the story emerged that QPR were expected to fall foul of the competition 's Financial Fair Play rules during the 2013-14 Championship campaign .
Football League clubs were allowed to report a maximum £8m loss for last season . In March , big-spending QPR announced financial figures which caused a surprise when a mere £9.8m was registered in the negative column for their time spent in the second tier .
However , £60m was written off by the owners in loans , something that has been the subject of much debate between themselves and the Football League since the latter first started examining the accounts back in December .
Chairman Tony Fernandes has vowed to fight any fiscal punishment and discussions between the two parties ‘ remain ongoing ' , as they have been for months .
Clearly , as far as the Football League are concerned , it is not an issue they are going to sweep under the carpet .
Anyone that follows Fernandes on social media will be fully aware that he is one of life 's optimists .
It is not completely without foundation . The club hope to get planning permission on revised plans for a training ground at Warren Farm in the summer , while he continues to push ahead with a scheme to develop a new stadium at Old Oak Common .
But more and more of the club 's fans appear to be growing frustrated at the repetition of upbeat soundbites from a chairman who has brought little stability since taking over in 2011 .
Earlier this week , Fernandes wrote : “ QPR Fans . Do n't despair . Lots to look forward to . You have shareholders who care . Not perfect . Made mistakes . But we care . We have learnt a lot about players , managers , agents . Been a very frustrating season . Too many what ifs . But we still can get out of this . I 'm as positive as ever for the future . ”
That 's all very well , but he said pretty much the same thing when they went down in 2013 , which betrays a club that has n't learnt much from prior mistakes .
At least a decent management structure is being put in place . By giving QPR legend Les Ferdinand the director of football role , they have someone who genuinely cares about the club .
Chris Ramsey , who is expected to be given the manager 's post full time , having impressed since taking over from Harry Redknapp in February , is clearly a coach of great ability .
The 52-year-old can extract more talent and effort from players than perhaps the individuals felt they could themselves — a skill vital if he is going to work in a lower division on a small budget .
But if , as expected , QPR do get relegated to the Championship , it could be quite a while before they are seen in the Premier League again .
Rick Wilking/Reuters Legal retail weed in Colorado turned one year old this month . While legalization remains more experimental than established at this point , the early returns make a compelling case that the first year was a sweeping regulatory success in the Rocky Mountain State .
Exhibit A : what did n't happen in 2014 .
Despite the nightmare scenarios that anti-legalization advocates foretold , there was nothing to suggest a major jump in marijuana use among Colorado teens .
The number of drug-related crimes in the state held steady or dropped . And the spike in traffic fatalities resulting from drugged driving that naysaying opponents had predicted failed to materialize .
Yes , a lot could still change as the nascent retail market matures , but it 's now clear that the state 's first-of-its-kind experiment with recreational weed is off to a blazing start .
Colorado voted to make recreational pot legal in late 2012 , and the state spent the next year crafting an innovative licensing system to tax and regulate retail sales , which then began on New Year 's Day 2014 . The rollout has gone so well that Gov . John Hickenlooper , who once said Colorado voters were `` reckless '' to legalize weed , has changed his tune . `` To date , evidence shows that our regulatory system is beginning to work , '' the Democrat declared during his State of the State speech Thursday . Likewise , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said he 's now `` cautiously optimistic '' about how things will ultimately pan out in Colorado . That does n't sound like a ringing endorsement until you remember that his Justice Department still classifies pot on par with heroin . Even some Republican state lawmakers who originally opposed legalization have done an about-face now that they 've seen the new policy in action . `` I just [ originally ] had the same knee-jerk opinion as all of the other elected officials , '' state Sen. David Balmer told the Wall Street Journal last week . Think tanks from both sides of the aisle have also offered their own qualified endorsements . The Brookings Institution has called the rollout `` largely successful , '' while a Cato Institute working paper found the new law `` had minimal impact on marijuana use and the outcomes sometimes associated with use . ''
That 's not to suggest that the retail rollout has been perfect — it has n't . There has been plenty of justified handwringing about inexperienced users accidentally overindulging by consuming more-potent-than-expected weed , or mistaking a pot-infused brownie as a single serving when in reality it was meant for a party of 10 . The number of pot-related calls to Denver 's Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center last year reportedly topped 200 by the end of November , nearly twice the number made during all of 2013 . And , according to the Journal of the American Medical Association , some local hospitals also saw an increase in the number of patients arriving in their waiting rooms while uncomfortably high . But there is only so much we can glean from that anecdotal evidence ; the more immediate takeaway when it comes to safety is that despite the increase in users and freak-outs , pot-related deaths and serious injuries have remained nearly nonexistent .
Things are on pace to get even better this year . State regulators are at work tweaking the rules to address those existing safety concerns . They 're ramping up potency testing and considering changing how edibles are packaged . There 's good reason to believe that Maureen Dowd 's next canna-venture to Colorado will provide a much more mellow high than her first one .
Rick Wilking/Reuters Pot proponents and state regulators , meanwhile , can point to more than simply the absence of negatives for proof of their success . Retail and medical weed generated more than $ 60 million in tax and licensing revenue for the state in 2014 , the lion 's share of which is helping to pay for school construction and the regulatory system that legalization requires . Opponents looking to nitpick can — and do — point to the fact that the total is a far cry from the $ 100 million windfall that state officials predicted at the start of last year . But even though legalization advocates hyped a major influx in tax revenue as a selling point , evaluating legal weed on a metric tied so tightly with consumption has always been an awkward proposition . The goal , after all , was never to encourage more people to light up a joint or gobble down a brownie . More revenue would be better , but too much more would represent its own type of problem .
Still , comparing actual tax revenues to expected ones can serve as an imperfect proxy for one of the state 's chief goals : moving sales from the illegal and medical markets into the retail one , where the transactions can be better-regulated and more heavily taxed . That remains a challenge for the state , particularly given how easy it is to get a prescription to buy medical marijuana . Still , even in that respect , 2014 finished with good news . While medical marijuana made up more than half of pot legally sold in the state last year , sales dropped 17 percent to their lowest monthly total of the year in November , the most recent month for which the state has tallied the numbers . It 's just one month , of course , but it at least raises the possibility that the retail market is beginning to attract some users who might have otherwise opted for cheaper medical weed .
In a perfect world , the retail market would have already resulted in the end of the black market , but each new dollar in taxes last year was one more than the state would have had otherwise . Focusing on only the incoming side of the ledger also does n't tell the full story . According to a 2010 Harvard study , Colorado was spending an estimated $ 145 million every year enforcing its marijuana laws . It 's safe to assume that the state was able to spend significantly less last year now that retail weed is legal . Fewer pot-related arrests , meanwhile , mean a more racially fair justice system , while simultaneously decreasing the societal and economic costs of incarceration .
In its latest filing before the federal district court in Dallas on behalf of the Islamic Society of North America ( ISNA ) and its affiliate organization , the North American Islamic Trust ( NAIT ) in the Hamas-terrorism financing case , the ACLU has made a noteworthy admission .
Rather than deny that there is copious evidence tying ISNA and NAIT to Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood , the brief argues that such evidence is merely dated . In a curious footnote on page 7 , the reply states :
Assuming the authenticity of documents ' dates , the most recent documents to mention either ISNA or NAIT are dated 1991 , Gov . Exhs . 3-3 and 3-85 , but the majority of the documents are older . Almost all of the numerous exhibits that purport to show financial transactions and that contain any mention of ISNA or NAIT are dated 1988 and 1989 ( there are two dated 1990 ) , almost a decade before the majority of the overt acts the government alleges in support of its conspiracy charges against the HLF defendants .
So ISNA and NAIT are not saying that the documents tying their organizations to Hamas are `` inauthentic , '' but that the problem with the evidence is just that it is old . Then , even more curiously , the reply goes on to argue something that the government has not even alleged :
Even if the `` evidence '' provided some basis for alleging criminality against petitioners , the government 's discussion of it shows the government utterly fails to grasp the singular weight and consequence that an official accusation of criminal conduct carries in our criminal justice system and in our society .
But , of course , the government has not charged ISNA or NAIT with criminal conduct , or the two groups would be indicted in their own right , rather than un-indicted co-conspirators who worked with the Holy Land for Relief and Development ( HLF ) , the defendant and alleged Hamas-front . The reply brief then , as Shakespeare might write , `` doth protest too much . ''
The government is merely claiming that evidence exists that ISNA and NAIT have sufficient ties to Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood – HLF - that justify the groups ' inclusion on a list of un-indicted co-conspirators , which enables prosecutors to more easily enter into evidence information which shows the scope of HLF 's pro-Hamas operations .
We have chronicled the financial ties between ISNA/NAIT and Hamas several times , including during the first trial against HLF :
That is NAIT/ISNA money going to a top Hamas official , his wife , and a university controlled by Hamas . So the lawyers for ISNA and NAIT are admitting that both groups supported Hamas financially in the late 80 's and early 90 's , which , at a minimum , destroys ISNA 's contention that the group has no ties to Hamas , let alone the Muslim Brotherhood .
The ACLU reply also states :
Of the exhibits the government cites that contain any mention of ISNA or NAIT ( many do not ) , all pre-date by years the earliest conspiracy charge in the HLF Superseding Indictment ( 1995 ) and the 1995 designation of Hamas as a terrorist organization .
Leaving aside the issue of what it means to have supported Hamas before it was officially designated as a terrorist group for now , we have reported on ISNA 's post-1995 terror designation relationship with Hamas , which is both interesting and telling :
More notably , in June of 1997 , two and a half years after HAMAS was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the United States government ( and long after common sense and reality indicated as such ) , top HAMAS official Mousa Abu Marzook thanked ISNA ( and several other U.S.-based Islamist and `` civil rights '' organizations ) , writing that ISNA supported him through his `` ordeal '' – Marzook had been detained at JFK airport in 1995 and arrested and the Israelis were seeking his extradition . Marzook wrote that ISNA 's efforts had `` consoled '' him . ISNA 's magazine , Islamic Horizons , is a hotbed of pro-jihadist literature , and has long championed HAMAS and HAMAS officials , notably Mr. Marzook himself . In the November/December 1995 issue , almost a full year after HAMAS was officially designated by the U.S. government as a terrorist organization , Islamic Horizons published an article titled , `` Muslim Leader Hostage to Israeli Interests . '' That leader was Marzook , characterized by ISNA as : [ a ] member of the political wing of Hamas , disliked by the Zionist entity for its Islamic orientation , continues to be held hostage in the U.S. at the whims of his Zionist accusers . And in the September/October 1997 issues , two and a half years after the designation of Hamas as a terrorist group , Islamic Horizons published an article describing Marzook as : [ j ] ailed without trial in New York for-months for alleged ties to organizations seeking Palestinian rights .
That almost incredible Hamas apologia is from after Hamas was designated as a terrorist group . But what was known about Hamas before its 1995 designation ? Hamas ' Charter , the group 's foundational document written in 1988 , states :
Israel will exist and will continue to exist until Islam will obliterate it , just as it obliterated others before it '' ( The Martyr , Imam Hassan al-Banna , of blessed memory ) .
and :
This Covenant of the Islamic Resistance Movement ( HAMAS ) , clarifies its picture , reveals its identity , outlines its stand , explains its aims , speaks about its hopes , and calls for its support , adoption and joining its ranks . Our struggle against the Jews is very great and very serious . It needs all sincere efforts . It is a step that inevitably should be followed by other steps . The Movement is but one squadron that should be supported by more and more squadrons from this vast Arab and Islamic world , until the enemy is vanquished and Allah 's victory is realised .
and :
The Islamic Resistance Movement is one of the wings of Moslem Brotherhood in Palestine . Moslem Brotherhood Movement is a universal organization which constitutes the largest Islamic movement in modern times . It is characterised by its deep understanding , accurate comprehension and its complete embrace of all Islamic concepts of all aspects of life , culture , creed , politics , economics , education , society , justice and judgement , the spreading of Islam , education , art , information , science of the occult and conversion to Islam .
and :
The Islamic Resistance Movement is one of the links in the chain of the struggle against the Zionist invaders . It goes back to 1939 , to the emergence of the martyr Izz al-Din al Kissam and his brethren the fighters , members of Moslem Brotherhood . It goes on to reach out and become one with another chain that includes the struggle of the Palestinians and Moslem Brotherhood in the 1948 war and the Jihad operations of the Moslem Brotherhood in 1968 and after . Moreover , if the links have been distant from each other and if obstacles , placed by those who are the lackeys of Zionism in the way of the fighters obstructed the continuation of the struggle , the Islamic Resistance Movement aspires to the realisation of Allah 's promise , no matter how long that should take . The Prophet , Allah bless him and grant him salvation , has said : `` The Day of Judgement ( sic ) will not come about until Moslems fight the Jews ( killing the Jews ) , when the Jew will hide behind stones and trees . The stones and trees will say O Moslems , O Abdulla , there is a Jew behind me , come and kill him . Only the Gharkad tree , ( evidently a certain kind of tree ) would not do that because it is one of the trees of the Jews . '' ( related by al-Bukhari and Moslem ) .
As we noted a few days ago , sentiments very similar to this last paragraph can be found on ISNA 's own website . Unfortunately for ISNA 's reputation , the Hamas Charter contains many more vile sentiments , including :
The Islamic Resistance Movement believes that the land of Palestine is an Islamic Waqf consecrated for future Moslem generations until Judgement ( sic ) Day . It , or any part of it , should not be squandered : it , or any part of it , should not be given up . Neither a single Arab country nor all Arab countries , neither any king or president , nor all the kings and presidents , neither any organization nor all of them , be they Palestinian or Arab , possess the right to do that . Palestine is an Islamic Waqf land consecrated for Moslem generations until Judgement ( sic ) Day .
and :
Initiatives , and so-called peaceful solutions and international conferences , are in contradiction to the principles of the Islamic Resistance Movement .
and :
These conferences are only ways of setting the infidels in the land of the Moslems as arbitraters . When did the infidels do justice to the believers ? `` But the Jews will not be pleased with thee , neither the Christians , until thou follow their religion ; say , The direction of Allah is the true direction . And verily if thou follow their desires , after the knowledge which hath been given thee , thou shalt find no patron or protector against Allah . '' ( The Cow - verse 120 ) . There is no solution for the Palestinian question except through Jihad .
and :
The day that enemies usurp part of Moslem land , Jihad becomes the individual duty of every Moslem . In face of the Jews ' usurpation of Palestine , it is compulsory that the banner of Jihad be raised . To do this requires the diffusion of Islamic consciousness among the masses , both on the regional , Arab and Islamic levels . It is necessary to instill the spirit of Jihad in the heart of the nation so that they would confront the enemies and join the ranks of the fighters .
and :
That is why you find them giving these attempts constant attention through information campaigns , films , and the school curriculum , using for that purpose their lackeys who are infiltrated through Zionist organizations under various names and shapes , such as Freemasons , Rotary Clubs , espionage groups and others , which are all nothing more than cells of subversion and saboteurs . These organizations have ample resources that enable them to play their role in societies for the purpose of achieving the Zionist targets and to deepen the concepts that would serve the enemy .
and :
The Islamic Resistance Movement calls on Arab and Islamic nations to take up the line of serious and persevering action to prevent the success of this horrendous plan , to warn the people of the danger eminating ( sic ) from leaving the circle of struggle against Zionism . Today it is Palestine , tomorrow it will be one country or another . The Zionist plan is limitless . After Palestine , the Zionists aspire to expand from the Nile to the Euphrates . When they will have digested the region they overtook , they will aspire to further expansion , and so on . Their plan is embodied in the `` Protocols of the Elders of Zion '' , and their present conduct is the best proof of what we are saying .
And , scarily enough , there is much more where that came from . Yet it should not need to be pointed out that Hamas ' invocation of a long discredited , notorious , anti-Semitic Russian forgery is grounds enough to keep one 's distance from the group , whether or not it had been officially designated as a terrorist organization by the U.S. government . But this is exactly who ISNA and NAIT were supporting , both financially and vocally , in the late 80 's and early 90 's , and on the pages of ISNA 's magazine , and even well after Hamas had indeed been officially designated as a terrorist group .
The current admissions in the ISNA/NAIT reply brief are telling , and that their lawyers are claiming that the evidence linking the groups to Hamas and HLF does not rise to the level of criminality – despite the fact that the government so far has imputed no criminal conduct to either ISNA or NAIT in this case – is interesting . If it were true that the only unsavory and irredeemable quality of Hamas is suicide bombings and terrorist attacks , the protestations of ISNA and NAIT might ring a little truer . But Hamas ' call to violent jihad and its vile anti-Semitism predate the terror group 's `` official '' designation as a terrorist organization by the U.S. government , as does the now-admitted support lent Hamas by ISNA and NAIT .
All systems are a go- National Vegan Pizza Day is scheduled to take place on Saturday , June 28th , 2014 ! Get yo'selves ready to do this vegan pizza party right with these vegan pizza recipes . Happy grubbing , everyone !
30 VEGAN PIZZA RECIPES
BUFFALO CAULIFLOWER WING PIZZA WITH TOFU BLUE CHEESE SPREAD
BLACK BEAN TACO PIZZA ( Cadry 's Kitchen )
VEGAN BANH MI PIZZA ( The Sweet Life )
WILD MUSHROOM PISTACHIO PESTO PIZZA WITH TOFU CHÈVRE
MOZZARELLA MAC DEEP DISH PIZZA ( Vegan Yack Attack )
•
CARAMELIZED SHALLOT & FIG POLENTA PIZZAS WITH THYME & PINE NUTS
HOMEMADE VEGAN SAUSAGE & CHEESE CALZONES ( Olives For Dinner )
WHITE BROCCOLI & MUSHROOM PIZZA ( The Vegan Crew )
LEMON HERB HUMMUS PIZZA
VEGAN PEPPERONI PIZZA ( Healthy . Happy . Life . )
•
ROASTED GARLIC WHITE PIZZA WITH MACADAMIA RICOTTA SALATA & SPINACH
HUMMUS & OLIVE PIZZA ON SOCCA CRUST ( The Vegan Chickpea )
PORTOBELLO CARPACCIO PIZZA
INDIVIDUAL MARGHERITA PIZZAS WITH HOMEMADE MOXARELLA ( Vedged Out )
MEXICAN SALAD PIZZA WITH QUINOA CRUST ( Sunday Morning Banana Pancakes )
•
SMOKY SWEET CORN PIZZA WITH ROASTED OKRA & POTATO
ROMESCO PIZZA WITH CARAMELIZED ONIONS & SQUASH ( Post Punk Kitchen )
TATERS ‘ N ' GREENS TOFU SCRAMBLE PIZZA
KUMQUAT & RAINBOW CHARD STEM PIZZA WITH CASHEW HEMP CHEESE SAUCE
ARUGULA & ASPARAGUS PESTO PIZZA ( Choosing Raw )
•
ROASTED RATATOUILLE PIZZA WITH CHICKPEA CHEESE SAUCE
VEGAN TURKISH PIZZA ( Coconut and Berries )
EASY CHEEZY PIZZA
DEEP DISH LASAGNA PIZZA ( Vegan Richa )
VEGAN POTATO & ONION BEER PIZZA ( Vegan Miam )
•
HAWAIIAN BBQ JACKFRUIT PIZZA
EASY ONE-BITE PIZZAS WITH LOADED PIZZA SAUCE ( Oh She Glows )
ROASTED BEET , BLOOD ORANGE & FENNEL PIZZA WITH MIXED HERB TOFU CHÈVRE
ROASTED GARLIC MUSHROOM PIZZA ( Spabettie )
VEGAN CHICKEN & ARTICHOKE PESTO PIZZA
Thank you to all who entered the Petit Vour Beauty Box Giveaway ! The lucky winner is Meredith Jones ! Tune in next week for another awesome giveaway . Have a wonderful pizza-filled weekend !
What are your Vegan Pizza Day plans ?
On June 5 , Capt . Clark Wright , who runs a charter service on Florida 's west coast , reeled in something that he has never seen before .
`` In my 20 years of tarpon fishing , I 've never seen a tarpon like this before , '' Wright tells Sport Fishing . `` I told the visiting angler and my mate that we had to get this tarpon to the boat . ''
Wright said that seeing it from afar , the tarpon started to jump and roll , but had an orange tinge and spots on it . They caught the tarpon at 7:30 a.m. on a live blue crab off Anna Maria 's coast , along with his mate Matt Smithman . They were on a mission from there on out — to get a closeup of the tarpon .
`` We were hooting and hollering , '' he says . `` The angler , George Seibel , might be the luckiest angler out there right now . He came down from New York with his wife and caught this tarpon . We took a DNA sample and successfully released him . He lives to fight another day . ''
Kathryn Guindon 's , an assistant research scientist at the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission 's ( FWC ) Tarpon Genetics Recapture program , first question to Capt . Wright was the expected , `` Did you take a DNA sample ? ''
`` I have heard reports over my past ten years of tarpon like this , but never has someone retrieved a DNA sample to send to us , '' says Guindon . `` It looks similar to a koi fish . ''
From first glance , some people might suspect the tarpon as an albino species . Guindon says that it 's not an albino tarpon , rather a piebald tarpon , which means it bares spots of unpigmented patterns . She says that it 's a piebald by today 's terms , in the 1930s this was considered an albino species .
`` In 1936 , an 'albino ' tarpon was caught and recorded , '' she says . `` It actually hangs in the American Museum of Natural History — it looks just like this one . ''
By Sean Trende - July 12 , 2013
In my recent four-part series on demographic changes , the 2012 elections and immigration reform , I suggested that census data and exit polls reveal that some 6 million white voters opted to sit out last November 's election . The data show these non-voters were not primarily Southerners or evangelicals , but were located in Northeast , Midwest and Southwest . Mainly , they fit the profile of “ Reagan Democrats ” or , more recently , a Ross Perot supporter . For these no-shows , Mitt Romney was not a natural fit .
I drew the conclusion that one path forward for the Republican Party could involve , in part , reaching out to these voters by altering the GOP 's economic platform and messaging . There are still valid questions that flow from this : How much do Republicans have to change to win these voters ? Do they pay a price with upper-income whites for such a shift ? Can they make these changes and still be Republicans ? What is the best path forward ? These are great questions for further debate , but my point in the series was simply that there really are multiple ways to skin the electoral cat , and that the much-uttered meme “ Republicans must pass the Gang of Eight bills if they ever hope to win another national election ” is sorely lacking , at best .
Some critics have not been content to argue these points . They have mischaracterized them as urging Republicans to ignore non-white voters . They then “ double down , ” if you will , by attacking their own mischaracterization .
The headline over a blog item on the site ThinkProgress is a case in point : “ No , Republicans , ‘ Missing ' White Voters Wo n't Save You. ” The opening paragraphs of that item , written by Ruy Teixeira and Alan Abramowitz , frames my series as the most influential argument supporting a strategy of abandoning non-white voters .
But I actually concur with their title . “ These voters were not enough to cost Romney the election , standing alone , ” I wrote . This is not a point that anyone who read my pieces could have missed . It was placed in a separate , numbered subheading -- in boldface type . I make similar points throughout the series , and show “ outreach ” scenarios that are probably more effective options for Republicans .
The larger problem with the Teixeira-Abramowitz piece is that when you cut through the rhetoric , my core thesis still stands . Even taking every word in their piece as true , it remains the case that there were well over 5 million fewer white voters than would have been reasonably expected in 2012 . This analysis is based on 2008 turnout and population growth . That 's not really in doubt .
Nor is it a mystery which type of white voter stayed home last year . These no-shows fit a profile . They turn out to be the downscale whites whom Teixeira has previously insisted Democrats must woo . If these voters had turned out , they probably would have improved Romney 's share of the vote . This is the crux of my argument , and the only real mystery is why some people find this conclusion so upsetting .
Teixeira and Abramowitz focus on the fact that there were also “ missing ” non-whites , which is true . There 's nothing “ misleading ” here . It is made clear by the chart in the middle of Part 1 's first page . Someone could construct a reasonable argument from this that Democrats can counter any Republican surge with missing white voters by bringing these non-whites back . I do n't think that 's likely the case , as I think it would be hard to find a candidate with a substantially stronger appeal to non-whites and better get-out-the-vote organization than Barack Obama . But it is plausible .
Teixeira and Abramowitz , however , try to go a step further . They argue that these “ missing ” non-whites negate the importance of the missing whites outright . They look at a different data set -- the CPS data , which I 'll just call the “ census data ” -- and conclude that the decline among all groups was due to the same factor : lack of interest in the election . If this were true , the only way these “ missing whites ” might return is if the “ missing non-whites ” also return -- and that would result in no net improvement for Republicans .
But this is n't what happened . Rather than switching to a different data set , let 's look at what the data in my piece show :
Different groups stayed home at different rates . White turnout in 2012 was 6.2 percent below projections ( 5.5 percent using Teixeira and Abramowitz 's alternate projection of white voters ) ; African-American turnout was 3.8 percent below projections ; and so forth . Moreover , the number of “ missing ” Hispanics and Asians is probably overstated . As I noted , my projected turnout calculations do n't account for the disproportionate share of the “ new ” adults in these groups who were non-citizens , and I 'm assuming a higher rate of voter participation ( 55 percent ) than we see from these groups . As I also noted , the large mass of missing “ other ” voters is probably a rounding issue . This is n't a minor point ; those voters represent 60 percent of all the non-whites that Teixeira and Abramowitz are discussing .
Even within ethnic groups , voters stayed home at different rates . For whites , the drop-off in voting was concentrated mostly among those living in Northern , blue-collar counties ( the type of places that voted for Perot in 1992 ) . This group responded to the campaign in a different way than other whites , and other racial/ethnic groups , across the country did .
The basic point here is that if Republicans had run a candidate more like working-class ex-Minnesota Gov . Tim Pawlenty and less like the private equity mogul/ex-Massachusetts governor whom the GOP ended up nominating , these voters might have been more likely to vote . “ We built this ” might have corralled the small business-owner vote , but probably did n't do much for workers . I suppose that you can construct an argument that the missing “ non-whites ” would have turned out in response to a similar move by Republicans , but I think it 's hard to put that together . These really are two separate issues .
Their other objection is fairly minor and a bit technical ( bear with me for four paragraphs ) . They claim I project too many white voters for 2012 , thereby inflating the number of “ missing ” whites . But this is n't about an error in my math , it 's about competing data sets .
I extrapolated the growth of the total adult population from a different census publication called the “ intercensal estimates. ” This is explained in the very first piece on the subject . The reason was simple : The census data Teixeira and Abramowitz use , which looks at adults who are eligible to vote , were n't available when the first piece ran in November of last year , and actually had n't yet come out when I re-ran the calculations for this series in early April . I 'd re-estimated the turnout data by the time of publication for a separate piece pointing out the peculiarities of the census data ( shortly after the data came out in May ) , but it did n't occur to me to go back and also use the data to re-estimate population growth . It 's not a huge difference : We end up with about 5.4 million missing whites , instead of 6.1 million . But that 's still a lot of voters .
More importantly , if we 're going to switch data for re-estimating our projected turnout for whites , we should probably re-estimate all of our projections using this data . As it turns out , the CPS data actually show a larger decline in the white vote than do the exit polls . *
If we use the census data throughout for all of our projections , we actually end up observing 5.9 million fewer whites than anticipated . We also end up with only about 1.3 million missing non-whites , rather than the 2.6 million missing non-whites from my original calculations , taken from the exit polls . * * Again , many of these are Hispanics and Asians , who in reality have lower registration and participation rates than our 55 percent estimate . You can actually use the census data to estimate these things in multiple ways ( this runs into some of the peculiarities of the census data I mentioned ) , but they all end up pointing back to the same conclusion : About 6 million fewer whites voted than we would have expected .
My conclusion is that Republicans should pay attention to the concerns of the millions of alienated working-class voters who sat out the 2012 election because the GOP needs them -- not at the exclusion of minority voters , many of whom are also working class , but in addition to them -- to form a winning coalition in the future .
-- -- -
* In fact , since the CPS data measure eligible adults ( e.g. , it excludes non-citizens ) as opposed to all adults , Teixeira and Abramowitz probably should have used an expected turnout number larger than 55 percent . Using expected white participation of about 65 percent would result in the addition of about 150,000 missing white voters . If we also use the CPS data to estimate our baseline , we end up with . . . 6.1 million missing whites .
* * The CPS data have the benefit of being published to tenths , eliminating the rounding concerns . As expected , the number of missing “ other ” voters drops dramatically .
The streaming service Mubi operates more like a repertory cinema than any of its peers : A new movie is introduced to its subscribers every day , and it 's available on the site for the theatrical equivalent of a limited run . After 30 days , it 's gone .
Speaking as a user , I consider it an interesting , compelling and sometimes maddening strategy . Recently , while browsing the site 's “ Now Showing ” page , I spotted a Russian science-fiction film from 2011 , “ Target , ” directed by Alexander Zeldovich . I saw a screening of it a couple of years ago and have wanted to revisit it ever since . The left-hand corner of the screen read “ 6 Days Left. ” ( It 's off the site now , as you read this . ) There 's something about that ticking clock that produces anxiety .
On the other hand , the diversity and the quality of the selections are exhilarating . Mubi is one of several first-rate sites that cater to cinephiles , and its mix of current and vintage films , the global scope of the selections , and the truly eclectic array of genres is great . ( There are films from Australia , Russia , Japan , South Korea , Portugal , Israel , Italy and Britain as I write , and none from Senegal , Mali and Morocco , but there have been , and I 'm sure there will be others . ) You could watch one movie a day and never feel aesthetically pigeonholed .
Mubi started about 10 years ago under the name the Auteurs . It ran a small number of films and had a feisty editorial section called ( then and now ) the Notebook , which I know a bit about because I was one of its early regular contributors . Its social network component was vibrant , but its identity as a film provider in those early days struck me as a little murky . The site was founded by Efe Cakarel , a voluble entrepreneur who , in a recent phone conversation , described the process that led to Mubi 's way of doing things . “ In the beginning , we wanted to be like Netflix , but the unit economies of an ‘ all-you-can-eat ' site is very capital intensive , ” Mr. Cakarel said . “ The question becomes , how do you create a compelling experience ? If you ca n't get 10,000 titles , how about a limited selection ? ”
( San Diego , CA ) — This Friday , April 18 will mark the arrival of AleSmith Brewing Company 's new Vintage Series , an annual quartet of seasonally released beers that are perfectly suited for cellaring . Built around venerable , high-alcohol staples of the San Diego-based brewery as well as brand-new strong ale offerings , the 2016 Vintage Series will kick off with the release of AleSmith Private Stock Ale , an imperial English-style brew that is suitable for aging for up to 20 years . AleSmith has long been known for its high-gravity , cellar-able ales , and a number of those award-winning standard-bearers have found their way into the Vintage Series .
“ We are very proud of our ability to brew strong beers that can be enjoyed fresh for their big flavors , aromas and presence . Though magnificent straight out of our brewery , the beers in our Vintage Series are also built to stand the test of time , ” says AleSmith CEO and brewmaster Peter Zien . “ Each of them is ideal for laying down under proper temperatures and conditions for many years to come . Over that span , be it one year , one decade or more , they will slowly and steadily change , taking on new flavors and textures , with certain characteristics becoming amplified while others fade into the background . Cellaring is the brewing industry 's next frontier and we want to help our fans to successfully enjoy the metamorphic journey some of our finest beers take when matured for extended periods of time . ”
Perhaps the best-suited beer for prolonged aging in the company 's portfolio is AleSmith Private Stock Ale , which can be aged as many as 20 years . Originally created by Zien during his days as a homebrewer , it was first professionally produced in 2005 under the moniker AleSmith Olde Ale , and has remained a favorite among the company 's brew crew and fans ever since . Initially brewed every five years , this ruby-hued English-style strong ale will now be produced once annually so that , like all of the Vintage Series beers , fans can stock up on each year 's vintage and track its progress as it ages . This will also allow beer enthusiasts to enjoy Private Stock Ale in a “ vertical tasting ” scenario , wherein one samples multiple vintages spanning several consecutive years to taste , smell , compare and contrast each of them while gaining a better understanding and appreciation of how the beer ages over time .
Private Stock Ale will be the 2016 Vintage Series ' spring offering , followed by Decadence Anniversary Ale this summer , AleSmith Wee Heavy in autumn and AleSmith Grand Cru in winter . Released in summer , the style of Decadence Anniversary Ale changes yearly , making each vintage an enduring collectable . Meanwhile , Wee Heavy ( a complex , malt-driven Scotch-style ale ) and Grand Cru ( a multi-layered Belgian dark strong ale ) will remain the same fine , accolade-garnering beers they have proven to be over the past decade-plus .
Vintage Series beers will be distributed to states and countries where AleSmith beers are sold . The beers will be packaged in metallic foil-topped 750-milliliter bottles and also offered on-draft at select bars , restaurants and hospitality venues . See below for a list of regions where Private Stock Ale will be sold .
# # #
QUICK FACTS
AleSmith Private Stock Ale
Style : Imperial English-style Ale / Old Ale
Stats : 11 % ABV , 25 IBU ( international bittering units )
Packaging : Draft & 750-milliliter bottles
Distribution : AZ , CA , CO , CT , IL , MA , MN , NC , NY , OR , TX , VA , VT , WA & Denmark
AleSmith 2016 Vintage Series
Spring : AleSmith Private Stock Ale
Summer : AleSmith Decadence Anniversary Ale
Fall : AleSmith Wee Heavy
Winter : AleSmith Grand Cru
# # #
ABOUT ALESMITH BREWING COMPANY : Forged in 1995 , AleSmith has been recognized by consumers and critics alike as one of the world 's foremost craft brewing companies behind accolades that include medals won at prestigious national and international beer competitions as well as being named Small Brewing Company of the Year at the Great American Beer Festival . AleSmith is on the verge of celebrating its 21st year in business and recently expanded , moving into a 105,500-square-foot , state-of-the-art brewery featuring a new 80-barrel brewing system that will allow the company to increase its production ten-fold . The expansion also included constructive of the largest brewery tasting room on the West Coast ( 25,000 square feet ) with an outdoor beer garden that will soon be joined by a second-story indoor-outdoor mezzanine , private rooms and a museum dedicated to San Diego Padres legend Tony Gwynn . AleSmith 's line of acclaimed beers , which includes Speedway Stout , IPA , San Diego Pale Ale .394 , Nut Brown Ale and Old Numbskull Barley Wine , is distributed in 20 U.S. states and five countries . The company 's social media channels include Facebook , Twitter and Instagram ( @ AleSmithBrewing ) , and its official website URL is—http : //www.alesmith.com .
Danica Patrick , professor NASCAR racer , has announced the trailer for her Danica documentary .
Danica has been racing since 2002 , after she dropped out of high school to pursue her dreams . In 2005 , Patrick became the only woman to lead the Indy 500 .
The documentary focuses on her everyday life outside of the track . Being a driver for as long as she has , Danica has focused on the racing portion of her career , and less on who she is as a person .
The documentary will shed light on what goes on behind the scenes in the life of a race car driver .
I hope people enjoy this . ❤️ https : //t.co/7QdNRxhq2n — Danica Patrick ( @ DanicaPatrick ) November 1 , 2017
She tells us about the start of her clothing line , holding one of her shirts up and talking to the camera ,
“ This was the flutter sleeve , it kind of hangs off your arm and looks flattering . Just as far as details I wanted to put in a shirt . This company G3 I was talking to them about merchandise for the race track and then they went ahead and went to work and we created a clothing line . Instead of thinking small with team shirts , we went all the way . ”
Danica has been answering questions for many years regarding the racetrack , but finally wants to step away from that and talk what she likes to do outside of her job , and who she is as a person .
“ Racing is what I do , it 's not necessarily who I am . 5 years ago if you were to ask someone what I 'm doing… I 've now made businesses of all those things . ”
She then shares her wine collection and her workout log that she 's been jotting on for the past year . She calls herself an “ over trainer , ” with her muscular physique , who could argue ?
The documentary also touches on her experiences as a female in such a male-dominated industry .
“ To be good at anything is hard . Life is hard . It 's what you do with it. ” – @ danicapatrick on her life , her documentary , and the success she 's had in a male-dominated industry # DanicaDoc pic.twitter.com/llnGija0wQ — MAKERS ( @ MAKERSwomen ) November 1 , 2017
Check out the behind the scenes view of Danica :
Danica is set to air on EpixHD November 8th at 8 PM . Definitely worth a look !
Continuing with our example , if I am writing some code that does use the text package , and I wish to use your class , I am not concerned about your package depending on text because I already depend upon it myself . On the other hand , if I do n't depend on the text package myself , I ca n't possibly make use of the instance you defined for Text . In this case , a build tool giving me a transitive dependency on text only so that the instance you defined compiles is pointless .
The idea of trimming such contextually unusable instances from builds has made the rounds many times over the years , but I got a bee in my bonnet over a recent reddit post . My initial feeling was negatively hopeless because Cabal configuration flags have been a regular source of pain to me as a Cabal user . They are immediately unsatisfying because we specify a package 's dependencies in the form packageName-x.y.z ( for some version x.y.z ) , with nothing said about flag assignments . Perhaps we should depend on [ packageName x.y.z +flagOne -flagTwo ] , but one ought to get the feeling that we are treading dangerously close to subverting the notion of version number with this somewhat overlapping , but more general , concept .
Commenters in the above-linked reddit thread made the point that the pruning of inaccessible instances can be entirely automatic . This means that there need to be no room for bungled flag settings , or even visible flags at all . If you ca n't write it , you ca n't get it wrong .
Just because you `` claim '' it does n't make it true ......... You Are What You Say You Are
By Walter E.Williams
May 25 , 2016 5 min read
A- A+
Last year , I declared myself a springbok trapped in a human body . A springbok is a highly agile individual who is among the `` the least concern '' species and resides in the southeastern part of the African continent . With such a declaration , some people will suggest that I am suffering from a condition known as species dysphoria , in which one thinks he is a wild animal trapped in a human body . Species dysphoria is similar to gender dysphoria , a condition in which a person believes he is a woman trapped in a male body or a man trapped in a female body .
Many people will argue that I am in need of psychological counseling . I 'd dismiss such a suggestion as animalphobia . You might ask , `` Williams , why in the world would you want to call yourself a springbok ? '' The reason is simple . There is nothing in the Internal Revenue Code that says springboks have a federal tax obligation . If government officials were to demand taxes , I would ask the U.S. Department of Justice to intercede , plus they would be reported to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals .
In these modern times , reality is coming to be seen as optional . Say you are a man and want to be able to check out the ladies ' bathroom . You simply say you have transgendered yourself and are a lady . At schools , you could visit the ladies ' locker room and maybe even shower with the ladies . In the interest of equality , these options would also be open to those who think they are men trapped in women 's bodies and have transgendered themselves into men .
Just as people are not bound by sex , they are not bound by race . Last year , Rachel Dolezal made national headlines . Both of her parents are white , but for eight years , Dolezal claimed that she was black . As a result of her deception , she became president of the Spokane , Washington , office of the NAACP and an instructor of Africana studies at Eastern Washington University . In Dolezal 's eyes , just as in the eyes of transgender people , the reality of DNA is not only irrelevant but also oppressive . Those who believe otherwise are seen as racist , homophobic or both .
Dolezal is not the only white woman who has benefited from racial fakery . Sen. Elizabeth Warren , sometimes called `` Pocahontas , '' claimed that she was of Cherokee Indian ancestry . That helped her land a job at diversity-hungry Harvard University as a professor of law . She described herself as a minority in the Harvard Law School directory . Not only was her great-grandfather not a Cherokee as she claimed but he was a white man who boasted of shooting a Cherokee Indian .
Personally , I do n't hold either Dolezal or Warren at fault for racial fakery . It was 1960 , during my troubled time in the U.S. Army , when I faked my race . It was in Incheon , South Korea , where arriving soldiers were required to fill out a vital information form . Where it asked for race , I checked off `` Caucasian . '' The chief warrant officer , in charge of inspecting the forms , queried me about my designation . I told him that if I put down `` Negro '' — as we called ourselves at that time — I 'd get the worst job . The officer probably changed the designation ; I did n't .
The irrelevancy of DNA and being able to say what you are can lead to income-earning opportunities heretofore nonexistent . For example , the men 's fastest 100-meter speed is 9.58 seconds . The women 's record is 10.49 . What about weaker male runners claiming womanhood and running in the women 's event and winning the gold ? Greater opportunities for fame and fortune exist in women 's basketball . It would only take a few tall men who claim they are women to dominate the game .
Some of the readers of my column are truly concerned and kind . One reader , upon reading last year 's column in which I claimed to be a springbok , warned , `` Watch out for lions ! ''
Paolo Di Canio celebrates scoring for Italy against China in last week 's Star Sixes tournament at The O2 Arena
Paolo Di Canio speaks to Sky Sports about his enduring love of English football and his determination to return to West Ham in the future .
Paolo Di Canio was back in east London to play for Italy in the Star Sixes tournament at the O2 Arena last week . The legs are heavier than they were , but even at 49 years old , there were glimpses of the audacity and skill that made him such an iconic figure just a few miles away at Upton Park .
There was a perfectly executed volley in one game and a smooth feint and finish in another . The Italian team eventually went out to France in the quarter-finals , but Di Canio provided plenty of entertainment along the way . In between the smiles , he even found time to argue with the referee .
`` It 's great to be back , '' he told Sky Sports afterwards . `` You could see lots of children in the crowd who were not even born when I finished my career , but still they chanted for me . It means their fathers are delivering the message and the history . That kind of thing only happens in England . ''
This summer marks the 20th anniversary of Di Canio 's arrival in the Premier League with Sheffield Wednesday . His time at Hillsborough ended with his infamous shove on referee Paul Alcock , but he made the most of a second chance at West Ham . In between the moments of controversy that would later follow him into his coaching career , there were 52 goals in 141 games .
Di Canio joined West Ham from Sheffield Wednesday in January 1999
Di Canio still has close ties to England and deep affection for its football . `` This is my second home , '' he says . `` I have got my daughters living in England , one in Cambridge , one in Bath , so it really is a second home to me and my family . In terms of football , though , it 's my first home . English football is in my blood . I belong to English football . ''
Di Canio made an indelible mark in West Ham 's history between 1999 and 2003 but the club can only dream of having another player like him now . The Hammers moved from Upton Park to the London Stadium last summer with visions of gate-crashing the Premier League elite , but a stormy debut season in their new arena saw them drop four places to 11th .
Watch Di Canio score Italy 's opening goal in their Star Sixes quarter-final defeat by France , who went on to win the tournament Watch Di Canio score Italy 's opening goal in their Star Sixes quarter-final defeat by France , who went on to win the tournament
`` Obviously I hope this year we can do better , '' says Di Canio . `` At the end of the season [ Slaven ] Bilic was right to change a few things on the field and improve results . Hopefully that can change the direction for the club , but it was difficult at the beginning . The shock of leaving Upton Park , the atmosphere . They paid the price .
`` It was difficult for everyone to move stadium , for the fans and even the players who had only played at Upton Park for six months , because that 's all you needed to absorb the atmosphere . It was a place of history and tradition , of Bobby Moore , Trevor Brooking , Geoff Hurst , Billy Bonds… '' Di Canio trails off but he might have listed his own name among those legends .
Di Canio shows his aggressive side during a game with Sheffield Wednesday
`` To go into a new stadium that looked nothing like the old one was not easy , '' he continues . `` It felt too big , there was too much space around the field and the atmosphere can never be the same . It was not easy , but in the end they have done a good job . They got some good results , especially the 1-0 win against Spurs . That should be the beginning of a new history for West Ham . ''
Di Canio would dearly love to be a part of it . The Italian has not worked in management since his bruising spell in charge of Sunderland in 2013 , instead filling his time as a television pundit for Sky Sports in Italy , but he still hopes to return to West Ham in some capacity in the future .
Di Canio has managed Swindon Town and Sunderland in English football
`` I have always said it is my destiny to come back to West Ham and I never change my opinion , '' he says . `` Until I die , I hope to have a role at West Ham , because it would be fantastic before finishing my life . I will never give up , but obviously I know that the club have their own programme .
`` I follow them with all respect , with my heart and full of passion for West Ham . I will follow them until I die , whether I get a chance to go back or not . I belong to the family . '' Seeing Di Canio back in east London was a reminder of that . Whatever happens next , those memories will live on .
North Korea carried out its controversial space launch Saturday night and successfully lifted an object into orbit as evident in tracking data collected by U.S. Space Surveillance . The Unha space launch vehicle lifted off from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station around 0:30 UTC on Sunday and completed a flight of just under ten minutes , reaching a polar orbit 500 Kilometers in altitude , marking the second time North Korea achieves a successful orbital launch .
North Korea hailed the launch a complete success and reported the Kwangmyongsong-4 Earth Observation Satellite entered an orbit of 494.6 by 500 Kilometers at the desired inclination of 97.4° , separating from the carrier rocket nine minutes and 46 seconds after liftoff .
> > Photos & Video of North Korea 's successful Launch
Tracking Data published by the Joint Space Operations Center shows the satellite in an orbit of 466 by 501 Kilometers , inclined 97.5° along with the spent rocket body in a lower orbit of 432 x 502 Kilometers . This confirms North Korea 's second successful satellite launch , however , it may take several days to confirm whether the satellite is alive and transmitting signals to the ground .
Satellite imagery had shown increased activity at the launch base on North Korea 's west coast in January and official documentation was submitted by the government earlier in the week informing of a planned Earth Observation Satellite launch and identifying the hazard areas in the ocean where launch vehicle debris were expected to impact .
The launch had been met with harsh criticism from foreign governments that see it as a long-range missile test and a clear violation of a 2006 UN Resolution banning North Korea from carrying out nuclear tests and launches of ballistic missiles . In another violation of the resolution , North Korea conducted its fourth underground nuclear test just one month ago and the demonstration of a long-range rocket may be seen as the North showing off a delivery device for a miniaturized nuclear device .
North Korea has stressed that this and the country 's previous launches were of a peaceful nature in pursuit of technological and scientific endeavors . Preparations for the country 's fifth orbital launch attempt were accelerated this week and the launch period originally reported to be February 8-25 was shortened to just one week , opening Saturday night .
Four prior orbital launch attempts were carried out by North Korea starting in 1998 with only one achieving orbit . The first launch attempt in 1998 used a Paektusan rocket to lift a 30-Kilogram satellite , making use of an intermediate-range missile outfitted with a third stage to conduct the orbital insertion which ultimately failed . The Unha rocket was inaugurated in 2006 when a test launch failed shortly after liftoff and was followed by a failure in an orbital mission in 2009 .
Unha-3 , a variation of the vehicle used Saturday night , made its first flight in April 2012 with the Kwangmyongsong-3 satellite , but failed around 90 seconds into its flight when the rocket broke apart . Modifications on the adapted Taepodong-2 Ballistic Missile were made for a re-flight in December 2012 involving a rocket named Unha-3 Unit-2 and a satellite designated Kwangmyongsong-3-2 , an identical copy of the first spacecraft , reportedly outfitted with an Earth observation camera and a radio payload .
Kwangmyongsong-3-2 successfully reached and orbit over 500 Kilometers in altitude , but never showed any signs of life and was found to be tumbling . After the successful launch , North Korea spent three years upgrading its Sohae launch site – new buildings were established , the launch tower was modified to accommodate taller rockets and signs of launch vehicle testing showed up in satellite imagery . Initially , a 2015 launch of the Unha rocket was expected , but activity at the launch base did not ramp up until January when preparations for Sunday 's mission began .
No information on the identity of the launch vehicle had been provided beforehand , but navigational warnings place the drop zones of the first stage , payload fairing and second stage in the same locations identified for the April and December 2012 launches – confirming that the launch used an Unha-3-type launch vehicle .
According to information from U.S. Strategic Command , the Unha rocket lifted off at 0:29 UTC on Sunday , 8:59 a.m. local time . Completing a vertical climb-out , the 30-meter tall booster swung to a trajectory taking it due south over the Ocean . With a total launch mass of 90 metric tons , the Unha-3 rocket is capable of lifting 100 Kilograms into Sun Synchronous Orbit .
The ascending rocket was tracked independently by Japan , South Korea , China and the United States . South Korean radars picked up the vehicle at 0:31:02 UTC and continued tracking the rocket and any debris it shed along the way until it was about 390 Kilometers in altitude and 790 Kilometers downrange .
At United States Strategic Command , controllers likely had a high-workload evening as STRATCOM monitored the launch of a Russian Soyuz rocket from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome just eight minutes prior to North Korea 's launch , as is typical for launches from Russia 's military launch site . The ascending Unha rocket was tracked using the Space-Based Infrared System in Geostationary Orbit , capable of detecting the infrared signature of ascending rockets from ground level all the way into orbit . This allows the U.S. military to track the vehicle 's trajectory in real time before relying on ground-based radars to track any objects that entered orbit .
The first stage of the rocket is powered by a cluster of four Nodong motors which are scaled up version of the Soviet Scud design from the Cold War era . Measuring 2.4 meters in diameter and consuming 60 metric tons of Kerosene fuel and Inhibited Red Fuming Nitric Acid , the first stage delivers a total thrust of 1,200 Kilonewtons .
First stage debris fished out of the Yellow Sea after the December 2012 launch came with a surprise as it showed that the Unha vehicle was more advanced than previously believed , employing modern aluminum alloys and showing much thinner tank walls than expected . Also , the first stage was outfitted with four 30kN vernier engines with a +/-36° gimbal , contrary to previous reports that showed the first stage to be stabilized through the use of simpler jet vanes .
The first stage was to fire for two minutes before separating from the second stage with help from solid-fueled retro rockets . According to South Korean and Japanese information , the first stage impacted in the Yellow Sea at 0:37 UTC . The safety zone for the first stage impact was located 450 Kilometers from the launch site , a little over 100 Kilometers from the South Korean coastline and 250km south west of Seoul .
According to South Korean press reports , the first stage disintegrated into around 270 fragments before splashing into the ocean . This brought forward the theory that the first stage was intentionally detonated to prevent it from reaching the water intact and being recovered by South Korea which had been the case in 2012 when a large section of tank structure and parts of the engine compartment were recovered from the Yellow Sea .
Taking over powered flight , the second stage was to ignite a pair of Nodong/Scud-class engines to deliver around 150 Kilonewtons of thrust , consuming the same propellant combination as the first stage . The 9.3-meter long , 1.5-meter diameter second stage was expected to fire for around four minutes , burning 15 metric tons of propellant before separating from the third stage .
According to tracking information , the payload fairing impacted at 0:39 UTC in the designated zone to the south-west of Jeju island after separating from the launch vehicle shortly into the second stage burn . The fairing impact zone was located 750 Kilometers due south of the launch site in the East China Sea .
Once separated from the third stage , the Unha second stage was expected to continue on a ballistic path , headed for re-entry and impact in a remote area of the Philippine Sea , away from populated land masses and fishing areas . The Japanese military tracked the launch vehicle as it overflew Okinawa and the second stage impact was detected at 0:45 UTC .
In order to reach a sun-synchronous orbit , the third stage was responsible for an inclination adjustment , taking the launcher further west to increase the inclination from around 90° to over 97° .
A direct flight towards the target inclination would place the second stage impact area over the Philippines , making it necessary for the third stage to perform an out-of-plane maneuver to place the satellite in a Sun Synchronous orbit – a typical requirement for Earth observation craft aiming to obtain ground imagery at favorable sun elevation angles .
The third stage of the Unha rocket reportedly uses Unsymmetrical Dimethylhydrazine and Nitrogen Tetroxide propellants and features a pair of engines to deliver a thrust in excess of one metric-ton-force . The third stage has an estimated length of 3.7 meter and diameter of 1.2 meters , holding around three metric tons of propellant consumed in a burn of over three minutes . Spacecraft separation occurred nine minutes and 46 seconds into the flight .
Details on the Kwangmyongsong-4 satellite are not available , though it can be assumed that its design is similar to KMS-3-2 which carried an Earth observation camera and a 470MHz UHF radio payload to transmit patriotic songs . KMS-3-2 was reported to be three-axis stabilized and its cameras were to be used to collect still imagery as well as videos , to be downlinked via X-Band . The satellite is expected to operate for at least four years and fulfill an Earth Observation task .
Photo
This book is misleadingly titled . “ 500 Days : Secrets and Lies in the Terror Wars ” seeks to provide a global account of the period after 9/11 , leaping from a prison cell in Syria to the nightclub bombing in Bali , but it 's best and most informative when depicting how the Bush administration , and especially its lawyers , suffered a protracted nervous breakdown during that time . In that respect , it is an ambitious undertaking and a valuable resource .
Kurt Eichenwald , a contributing editor at Vanity Fair and a former reporter for The New York Times , makes his methodical case against the Bush administration with detailed examples rather than flat assertions . With each piece of evidence , it becomes clearer that in late 2001 and in 2002 , President Bush and Vice President Cheney had begun panicking . Mistaking rumors and lies fabricated by victims of torture as actionable information and elbowing aside skeptics , they gave rein to their fears that the worst was yet to come — and their hysteria spread to and infected parts of the national security ­establishment .
The assistant attorney general John Yoo comes across as particularly determined in his wrongheadedness , and full of passionate intensity . Furious over a federal judge 's decision to uphold habeas corpus rights for a detainee held on American soil , he snapped to colleagues , “ I do n't think this one guy , this one judge , this outlier should , because of the luck of the draw , be allowed to dictate how American detention policies can work . ”
The administration 's lack of self-­control led the president to repeatedly make baseless assertions to the American people . Bush said in his first State of the Union address that American soldiers had apprehended people in Bosnia who were plotting to bomb the American Embassy there . As Eichenwald shows , this was untrue . No evidence supporting that charge was ever found , and five of the six men were set free after being held for seven years , their detention ruled illegal by a federal judge . ( The sixth remained in detention on the basis of secret intelligence . )
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A more deadly consequence of this heedlessness was the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 on the false belief that Saddam Hussein possessed an arsenal of chemical and biological weapons . An exchange from that time conveys the mind-set of the Bush administration . When Stephen Hadley , the deputy national security adviser , told Paul Wolfowitz , then the deputy defense secretary , that there was no intelligence linking Al Qaeda to Saddam Hussein , “ Wolfowitz tightened his lips , ” Eichenwald writes . “ ‘ We 'll find it , ' he said with certainty in his voice . ‘ It 's got to be there . ' ” The run-up to the Iraq war also elicits one of the most pungent lines in the book . After Bush told Jacques Chirac that biblical prophecies were being fulfilled and specifically that “ Gog and Magog are at work in the Middle East , ” the French president decided , in Eichenwald 's words , that “ France was not going to fight a war based on an American president 's interpretation of the Bible . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The sheer incompetence of the interrogators of supposed terrorists comes as a genuine surprise . The C.I.A . seemed to know little about how to actually question people , and began taking advice from an uninformed , inexperienced psychologist whom Eichenwald labels “ a fool. ” At Guantánamo , the advice of law enforcement specialists was put aside , and interrogations slipped from unprofessional to brutal to illegal . “ Rather than acknowledging defeat , the intelligence officers wanted to double down on a failed approach , ” Eichenwald writes . “ Harsh interrogations would work , they were arguing , if only they were harsher. ” F.B.I . agents on the scene , witnessing this descent , discussed whether they would be obliged to arrest the interrogators rather than let them continue down this savage path .
Eichenwald 's prose occasionally lapses into the style of Tom Clancy 's novels , complete with the bureaucrat-as-hero theme and overwrought prose : “ The electronic timer on a concealed briefcase bomb flashed red , its digits counting down from five minutes . A small fan quietly whirred , generating a breath of air that could disperse enough sarin gas to kill everyone within several yards. ” The histrionic tone seems unnecessary when writing about some of the most dramatic events of our time . And it is especially grating when the Clancyesque details are wrong , as when he portrays Donald Rumsfeld , then defense secretary , as sharply decisive when he was notorious inside the Pentagon for being imperious but vacillating .
Recycling in the packaging industry has always been a challenge . Many of the materials used in packaging products are difficult to recycle because they need to be separated after disposal . Think of a shiny retail bag you 'd get at a retailer in a mall or clothing store : The materials that go into a typical high-end bag could be paper , a high-gloss plastic laminate , sometimes metal foil embossing , various fibers for the handles ( some synthetic , some natural ) , a variety of inks , and perhaps even metal or plastic grommets . When you break it down and think of all the components , you begin to see the difficulty in recycling such a product .
However , retailers and packaging manufacturers are taking steps to make their packaging 100 % recyclable . Hi end fashion brand Gucci , for example , just last year started creating fully recyclable bags for their retail customers . The bags still retain the sleek fit and finish that customers expect with the Gucci brand , but they are made with sustainable methods and materials . The laminates have been removed , the handles are made with 100 % cotton , the paper is sourced from renewable forests , and so on .
When sourcing a packaging provider for your product , consider this : Can your provider design your package to be disposable from the start ? Can they make a package designed as if you were going to get all the materials back ?
We 're concerned about the environment just as much as you are , and we are also passionate about the effectiveness , performance , and utility of your packaging . It 's all well and good to have eco-friendly packaging , but if it tears easily , or does n't hold all of your product , or is n't attractive on a retail shelf , what good is it to you ? Luckily , more and more options for recyclable packaging that does meet all of these needs are becoming available .
We can help you with your fully recyclable packaging needs . As responsible corporate citizens and manufacturers , we 're just as invested in taking care of the environment as you are . Let us know what your packaging needs are !
What people are saying about the FBI director .
FBI Director James Comey ( Photo : Evan Vucci , AP )
Paul Callan , CNN : “ Donald Trump 's oft-repeated claim that the FBI 's investigation of ‘ Crooked Hillary ' and the presidential election itself were and are ‘ rigged ' seems to have thrown FBI Director James Comey into a state of panic . In foolishly making a public announcement that the bureau is reviewing newly discovered emails related to Hillary Clinton 's personal server , he has inserted himself yet again into the presidential campaign . ... In truth , investigations open and close routinely and secretly when new evidence comes to light . Each new scrap in a pile of useful or useless evidence is not announced in real time , like a scandal in a scripted reality TV Show . Perhaps it 's time for the embattled FBI director , who seems to have forgotten how to conduct a proper investigation , to resign . ”
EJ Montini , The Arizona Republic : “ It 's like this : If the FBI is investigating someone Trump does n't like , they 're great . However , if they do n't find that person has committed a criminal offense they are corrupt and incompetent . Got it . ... The FBI was ‘ taking steps to `` determine whether ( the emails ) contain classified information , as well as to assess their importance to our investigation . '' ( The bureau 's director ) said he did not know how long it would take to review the emails , or whether the new information was significant . ' So , not much to report , except that it sounds like the FBI is doing exactly what it is supposed to be doing — its job . Although , if Clinton wanted to , she could play the ‘ Trump ' card and say that with only 11 days to the election ( Friday 's ) FBI announcement is proving the system is rigged . Against ... her ? ”
Amy Davidson , The New Yorker : “ Comey 's letter came at the end of what was already a bad week for Clinton . The polls , which had shown her comfortably ahead , were tightening . ... WikiLeaks has doled out its haul in more than 20 batches , and , as with the State Department emails , Clinton 's defenders began by arguing that they revealed nothing more than the normal business of politics . ... For Clinton 's defenders to say that all this is just politics as usual is to explain why so many Americans distrust politicians — and why , perhaps , politics ought to change . Clinton herself needs to make the case that she can bring reform . And she has a week left to do it . ”
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2eJYwcd
The twists and turns of the Sacramento Kings saga continued Thursday , as a minority owner insisted his group has right of first refusal to match an offer for the team , while reports late afternoon claimed Billionaire Larry Ellison , one of the world 's richest men , is now potentially getting in the mix
The Sacramento Bee reports trustee David Flemmer , who controls 7 percent of the team , says the teams minority owners “ are being denied their legal right to match a Seattle investment group 's purchase offer for the team . ”
Flemmer is overseeing the 7 percent share of the Kings owned by minority owner Bob Cook . He told the Bee the limited partners are guaranteed the “ first right of refusal ” to buy the Kings in their agreements with the Maloofs .
NBA insider Aaron Bruski with NBC 's Pro Basketball Talk reported Wednesday the site “ can confirm that the 1991 Kings agreement contains a right of first refusal for minority owners . ”
Spokespeople for both the Maloofs and Hansen declined to comment Thursday . But the Bee said a source close to the Maloofs recently told them the family does n't believe the minority owners have rights to match an offer for their 65 percent majority share of the team .
The Bee said Flemmer plans to “ assert the limited partner 's rights ” at a hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Sacramento . But he would n't discuss his legal strategy .
There is precedent . Former NBA great Michael Jordan executed his first right of refusal as a minority owner of the Charlotte Bobcats to purchase the majority share of the team in 2010 .
Meantime , Cook also told The Sacramento Bee Thursday he 's asked a Bay Area sports attorney to set up a meeting with Ellison , the Oracle founder , and Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson . He said he believes a meeting will happen toward the end of this week .
Ellison lost out in a bid to buy the NBA 's Golden State Warriors two years ago . Numerous reports said while the billionaire outbid the ultimate winners , his final offer was rejected because it came in too late .
Neither Johnson nor representatives for Ellison would comment .
Johnson has said he hopes to announce several major equity partners by the end of next week to lead an effort to counter Hansen 's deal with the Maloofs .
Hansen and the NBA announced earlier this week an agreement on the sale of the majority stake in the Kings . The deal reportedly values the team at $ 525 million , with Hansen paying an estimated $ 340 million to buy controlling interest in the franchise .
You might also be interested in :
Sacramento mayor vows deep-pockets lining up to buy Kings , keep them in Sacramento
Salk : Seattle Times misleading again on arena
The Buffalo Sabres are usually one of hockey television 's sure things . No matter how bad Buffalo 's hockey club has been — and it has been , no playoff appearances since 2011 and none on the horizon — they 've been able to draw solid TV ratings for local MSG and national NBCSN . One of the great groan moments of hockey fans every summer is the national television schedule being announced , seeing 10 or 11 Sabres games on it , and having to deal with the fact that they are probably going to draw more viewers than , say , the San Jose Sharks .
However , there is no joy in mudville again this season , and the ratings have begun to take a tumble . After beginning the season with a typically solid 9.4 rating for the home opener against Columbus , Sabres ratings have dropped as low as a 2.6 . Considering the team is usually up in the 8-9 range when they 're good and even not that far away when just sorta bad , this shows how far the club has fallen , to the point where many have wondered if they 're tanking for a prize in this season 's NHL Draft , AKA the Connor McDavid-Jack Eichel derby .
The story linked to above poses an interesting theory related to that , however . The Sabres TV deal is up after 2016-17 , and a team with a McDavid or an Eichel ( both touted as sure things , with McDavid receiving a Sidney Crosby level of hype through Canadian junior hockey ) headed into a third NHL season could make Buffalo a hockey destination and an immensely entertaining team again . So… could the Sabres be exploring their own network ? From the Buffalo News :
There are constant unsubstantiated rumors that Pegula might consider starting his own regional network once the current TV deal expires . The rumors escalated when the Sabres hired Mark Preisler , who previously worked at ESPN and the NHL Network , as executive vice president of media and business development for Pegula and Sports Entertainment . In an April , 2012 interview with me for Buffalo Spree , Sabres President Ted Black dismissed the popular theory that Pegula might start his own network à la the beloved Empire Sports Network . There has n't been any real indication that Pegula has changed his mind . Black 's background running the regional sports network FSN Pittsburgh fueled the speculation two years ago . Black explained back then that his FSN Pittsburgh experience provides multiple reasons to avoid starting up a regional sports network . The Sabres deal that expires after 2016-17 does n't have any risk . The team gets the rights fee and keeps advertising revenue . Starting a regional sports network comes with a huge risk . “ It is very , very expensive to do , ” Black explained in 2012 . “ It is very risky to do . I want to make it very clear that we are not looking to start a network. ” Of course , the comments were made well before Pegula added the Buffalo Bills to his sports roster of the Sabres , the Rochester Amerks and Buffalo Bandits . But much of the downside would still seem to apply .
Yes , the downsides would be there . The startup cost would be enormous . You 'd probably get a competitive bid from MSG to keep the team . That said… a good Sabres team , a ton of Bills programming , other Pegula-owned properties and some syndicated college football and basketball ? Given the club 's TV ratings it 's not unreasonable to think it could succeed .
[ Buffalo News ]
Disaster puts pressure on governments , with protests in Germany and concern over new plant plans in Italy and the UK
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in an anti-nuclear demonstration in southern Germany . The demonstration had been planned for some time , but after the news of Japan 's nuclear emergency , organisers were overwhelmed by crowds of around 50,000 people who turned up .
The demonstrators , who stretched in a 45km chain from Neckarwestheim power plant to the city of Stuttgart , were demanding that the German government move away from nuclear power .
Chancellor Angela Merkel , who has extended the lifespan of Germany 's nuclear power plants , summoned senior cabinet ministers to an emergency meeting .
The Japanese radiation leak comes at a difficult time for Merkel , whose conservatives face three state elections in March where worries over nuclear safety could rally her opponents . The opposition Social Democrats and Greens have called for change and claim several German nuclear plants could not withstand a direct hit by an aircraft or an earthquake .
`` We can not master nature , nature rules us , '' said Renate Kuenast , the Greens ' parliamentary leader .
The government 's decision last year to keep Germany 's 17 nuclear plants running for about 12 years beyond their original shutdown date has weighed on the popularity of Merkel 's coalition .
In Italy a senior government politician said the earthquake would not change plans to move ahead with a new nuclear power scheme .
Italy is the only G8 industrialised nation that does not produce nuclear power , but prime minister Silvio Berlusconi wants to generate a quarter of the country 's electricity from nuclear in the future .
Italy is also at high risk of suffering natural disasters , mainly due to earthquakes . `` The position remains what it is , you ca n't keep changing it , '' Fabrizio Cicchitto , leader of Berlusconi 's PDL party in the lower house told reporters . `` It 's not just recently that we have energy problems , '' he said .
In the UK the energy secretary Chris Huhne said the government was monitoring the nuclear situation in Japan . `` It 's too early to say what the cause was , let alone what the implications are . We are working extremely closely with the IAEA to establish what has happened . Safety is the number one priority for the nuclear industry . ''
Privately , many in government and the private energy sector in the UK are worried that the raising of the spectre of nuclear disaster will have implications for the coalition 's huge building programme for ten new power stations to replace the UK 's ageing reactors .
The accident in Japan comes days after the Navy admitted the reactors on British submarines are 'significantly below benchmarked good practice ' , and weeks before the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster , which will push fears over nuclear safety back to the forefront of the minds of the British public .
Jan Beranek , head of Greenpeace International Nuclear Campaign , asked for the construction project to be scrapped in the wake of the Japanese earthquake . `` Governments should invest in renewable energy resources that are not only environmentally sound but also affordable and reliable , '' he said .
So if you have n't guessed from the last thing I uploaded , Coco Pommel is first up in my list of Very Important Ponies . I did n't plan to do this little cutie first , but I ai n't complainin'.As is the point of the VIP catalogue , Coco here is free to use in whatever you may need her for . Just ... be sure not to overwork her like Suri Polomare did . XPI 've got the mane six and CMC planned for the rest of the catalogue , but suggestions for other ponies are still open . If you want to see a pony traced from the show , let me know in the comments below . Coco here was actually suggested by . So here ya go , Adam . Coco Pommel.Here 's the .SVG file . It includes the vector of this as well as a few fun bonus things .
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was a dark day for struggling Boro as they lost 2-1 in an FA Cup replay at division four neighbours Darlington 30 years ago .
And dark days for football too : terrace disorder and fighting in and around grounds was common .
And at Quakers ' Feethams home on that ill-fated night the disorder was among the worst examples involving Boro .
There was hell on . It was “ old football ” . Mob-handed posturing and outbreaks of aggro between rival “ Joeys ” - Fila , Sergio Tacchini , Samba , daft wedge haircuts - were routine at almost every game .
Even lower league clubs had hooligans . In fact , some of them were among the worse . And this was a very rare derby clash . For the ‘ lads ' as well as the teams . It was always going to kick off .
All police leave was cancelled as every available bobby was assigned to Feethams .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The first match - a lively 0-0 draw - had seen chaos in the streets around Ayresome Park with mounted police ( right up to match fitness during the miners ' strike ) charging up and down Kensington Road and around the Cenotaph and with sporadic hand-to- hand fighting all the way along Linthorpe Road .
For the replay both sides mobilised “ the lads ” en masse . It was public knowledge it was all going to kick off .
On the night over 14,000 jammed into tiny Feethams - including an estimated 9,000 Boro fans .
Younger fans used to well stewarded all-seater stadiums wo n't understand the context but there was only basic segregation and no fences and police could n't even filter fans by accent .
And with a three day turn-around there were no elaborate ticket arrangements , it was a case of turn-up , pay cash and squeeze in . It was a free-for-all .
There were two pitch invasions during the game and during the second the referee took the players off for 10 minutes while order was restored .
Boro “ lads ” “ took ” the Tin Shed , steaming into Darlo 's Kop , forcing police to move home fans around to the side terraces .
There were outbreaks of fighting before , during and after in the ground .
And outside on the adjacent cricket pitch too with medieval charges , retreats and feints between the massed ranks , slipping in the snow and over a hard to see low rope around the wicket .
There even more fisticuffs along the road from the ground to the railway station and on streets nearby where Boro fans had parked . It was crazy .
Both games attracted treble the usual gates . At Ayresome the crowd was just over 19,000 .
The previous game was Boxing Day and a bumper 6,760 for a 1-0 defeat to Oxford .
The Quakers ' previous home game had seen 3,331 for a 1-1 draw with Aldershot .
They were troubled times for Boro and for the ailing game as a whole .
Paul Daniel 's Gazette match report describes the team coach journey home as “ like sitting on Death Row . ”
Boro limped on to a run of 10 games league games without a win and only just just avoided the drop on the final day at Shrewsbury ( where there was even more aggro ) .
Darlington 's reward for victory was a home tie with Conference side Telford . They drew 1-1 then lost 3-0 in the replay .
The Boro team that day was : O'Hanlon , Nattrass , Hamilton ( Roberts 78 ) , Buckley , Saxby , Ward , Mowbray , Mills , Otto , Currie , McAndrew .
Read more about the 'Battle of Stamford Bridge ' and view pictures here
PORTLAND , Ore. – Portland Thorns FC have activated forward Savannah Jordan from the 45-day disabled list and have added her to the active roster , the club announced today . Additionally , the club announced that it has waived defender Meghan Cox .
Jordan , 22 , was the club 's second-round pick ( 18th overall ) in the 2017 NWSL College Draft , after a standout collegiate career at the University of Florida . The Fayetteville , Ga. , native concluded her collegiate career with 81 goals and 27 assists in 94 career matches for the Gators , earning All-America honors in each of her four seasons .
Cox , 22 , an undrafted rookie out of the University of Virginia , was signed on April 14 . She appeared in nine matches ( 2 starts ) for the club , logging 262 minutes after making her professional debut on the road against April 22 and earned her first career start on April 29 against Chicago .
Thorns FC travel to square off against Cascadia-rival Seattle Reign FC on Saturday , Aug. 26 , at Memorial Stadium ; kickoff is set for 1 p.m. ( Pacific ) with a live , high-definition web stream available at www.nwslsoccer.com and www.go90.com .
Miller Williams of Arkansas reads his ... more
Poetical :
Miller Williams of Arkansas reads his poem , `` Of History and Hope , '' at the inauguration of President Clinton ( Jan. 20 )
Regeneration , a film based on Pat ... more
Poetical :
Regeneration , a film based on Pat Barker 's novel of the same name , about the World War I poets Wilfred Owen and Siegfried Sassoon
Wilde , a film directed by Brian ... more
Poetical :
Wilde , a film directed by Brian Gilbert , on the life of Oscar Wilde
Robert Pinsky becomes new US Poet ... more
Poetical :
Robert Pinsky becomes new US Poet Laureate , 1997-2000
John Haines wins the Academy of ... more
Awards :
John Haines wins the Academy of American Poets Fellowship
Robert Hass ' Sun under Wood wins ... more
Awards :
Robert Hass ' Sun under Wood wins the Book Critics Circle Award ( March 18 )
Anthony Hecht wins the Tanning Prize
Awards :
Anthony Hecht wins the Tanning Prize
Ted Hughes wins the Whitbread Award ... more
Awards :
Ted Hughes wins the Whitbread Award for Tales from Ovid ( Jan. 27 , 1998 )
William Matthew wins the Lilly Prize
Awards :
William Matthew wins the Lilly Prize
William Meredith 's Effort at Speech wins ... more
Awards :
William Meredith 's Effort at Speech wins the National Book Award ( Nov. 18 )
Lisel Mueller 's Alive Together : New and ... more
Awards :
Lisel Mueller 's Alive Together : New and Selected Poems ( 1996 ) wins the Pulitzer Prize ( April 7 )
Gary Snyder 's Mountains and Rivers without ... more
Awards :
Gary Snyder 's Mountains and Rivers without End wins the Bollingen Prize
John Ashbery wins American Academy of ... more
Awards :
John Ashbery wins American Academy of Arts and Letters Gold Medal ( Poetry )
Marilyn Bowering wins the Pat Lowther ... more
Awards :
Marilyn Bowering wins the Pat Lowther Memorial Award ( League of Canadian Poets ) for Autobiography
Alfred G. Bailey ( Canada ) ; Martin Wylde ... more
Dionne Brand wins the Governor General 's ... more
Awards :
Dionne Brand wins the Governor General 's Award for Poetry ( Canada ) with Land to Light On
Jamie McKendrick wins the Forward Poetry ... more
Awards :
Jamie McKendrick wins the Forward Poetry Prize ( Best Collection ) for The Marble Fly ; Robin Robertson wins the Forward Poetry Prize ( Best First Collection ) for A Painted Field ; and Lavinia Greenlaw wins the Forward Poetry Prize ( Best Single Poem ) for `` A World Where News Travelled Slowly ''
Bill Manhire named first Te Mata ... more
Poetical :
Bill Manhire named first Te Mata Estate Poet Laureate of New Zealand .
Mary Jo Bang 's first book ... more
Awards :
Mary Jo Bang 's first book Apology for Want chosen for the Bakeless Prize
Cyrus Cassells ' Beautiful Signor wins ... more
Awards :
Cyrus Cassells ' Beautiful Signor wins the Lambda Literary Award
Mahmoud Darwish is the recipient of ... more
Awards :
Mahmoud Darwish is the recipient of France 's Knight of Arts and Belles Lettres Medal
Olena Kalytiak Davis ' And Her ... more
Awards :
Olena Kalytiak Davis ' And Her Soul Out of Nothing selected for the Brittingham Prize
Dorothy Hickson 's `` 129F . A Response to ... more
Poems about poems :
Dorothy Hickson 's `` 129F . A Response to Shaxper 's Sonnet 129 '' ( The Muses Strikes Back 1997 ) , about William Shakespeare 's `` Dorothy Hickson 's `` 129F . A Response to Shaxper 's Sonnet 129 '' ( 1997 ) , about William Shakespeare 's `` Th'expense of Spirit in a Waste of Shame `` ( 1609 )
Annie 's Finch 's `` Coy Mistress '' , about Andrew ... more
David Wojahn 's `` Till we have built ... more
Poems about poems :
David Wojahn 's `` Till we have built Jerusalem ( Guyana , 1976 ) '' ( The Falling Hour 1997 ) about William Blake 's `` David Wojahn 's `` Till we have built Jerusalem ( Guyana , 1976 ) '' ( 1997 ) about William Blake 's `` And did those feet in ancient time `` ( 1808 )
Adrian Mitchell 's `` Nostalgia -- -Now Threepence Off '' ( Heart ... more
Poems about poems :
Adrian Mitchell 's `` Nostalgia -- -Now Threepence Off '' ( Heart on the Left : Poems : 1953-1984 1997 ) about Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 's `` Adrian Mitchell 's `` Nostalgia -- -Now Threepence Off '' ( 1997 ) about Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 's `` A Psalm of Life `` ( 1838 )
Jorie Graham serves as a Chancellor ... more
Awards :
Jorie Graham serves as a Chancellor of The Academy of American Poets ( 1997-2003 )
Eamon Grennan 's Leopardi : Selected Poems ... more
Awards :
Eamon Grennan 's Leopardi : Selected Poems wins the PEN Award for Poetry in Translation
Geoffrey Hill 's Canaan wins the ... more
Awards :
Geoffrey Hill 's Canaan wins the Kahn Award
David Ignatow receives the William Carlos ... more
Awards :
David Ignatow receives the William Carlos Williams Award of the Poetry Society of America
Hettie Jones ' first collection of poems , ... more
Awards :
Hettie Jones ' first collection of poems , Drive receives the Norma Farber First Book Award from the Poetry Society of America
Donald Justice serves as a Chancellor ... more
Awards :
Donald Justice serves as a Chancellor of The Academy of American Poets ( 1997-2003 )
Singled out : Nadia Eweida , who was suspended from her job with British Airways after refusing to remove her cross
The Government 's equalities watchdog has hit out at politically correct public bodies and employers who victimise Christians because they fear offending others .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) is to publish a major new report next week , seen by The Mail on Sunday , criticising overzealous organisations that unnecessarily drop references to Christmas or discipline believers who wear crosses at work .
The report , which highlights a string of cases first exposed by this newspaper , will :
- Admonish the UK 's biggest cinema chains for banning a Church of England advertisement promoting the Lord 's Prayer , and suggest legal action over the case could follow ;
- Support Nadia Eweida , a Christian check-in staff member at British Airways who was suspended for refusing to remove a cross on a chain ;
- Criticise housing association bosses who used ‘ diversity ' policies to demote a Christian staff member for mild comments about gay marriage on his Facebook page ;
- Deride Government departments and town halls that have airbrushed ‘ Christmas ' out of seasonal greeting cards or celebrations to avoid upsetting people of other beliefs .
The report follows a series of cases in which Christians have clashed with employers over their rights to express their religious beliefs .
But to the fury of Christian campaigners , the Commission falls short of calling for reform of the controversial Equalities Act 2010 it was set up to police , which bans discrimination against minority groups including religious believers .
The Christian Institute said : ‘ When the EHRC has to remind employers that it 's OK to celebrate Christmas , it shows how damaging the influence of the equality industry has been .
'No one needs to remind employers that it 's OK to celebrate gay pride . But celebrating Christmas ? Apparently that 's dodgy ground . It 's crazy . '
The Equality and Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) is to publish a major new report next week criticising overzealous organisations that unnecessarily drop references to Christmas . Pictured : Canterbury Cathedral , home of the Archbishop of Canterbury
But Commission chief David Isaac does lambast public bodies that rebrand their Christmas celebrations with terms such as ‘ Winterval ' , as Birmingham did in the late 1990s – though the council pointed out that the festivities did still include Christmas events .
More recently , the Department of Energy & Climate Change was criticised for urging civil servants to send out Christmas cards referring only to ‘ season 's greetings ' , to avoid excluding other faiths .
Mr Isaac said fear of offending and a lack of understanding of the law was causing ‘ misinterpretation and confusion ' , and he urged businesses to adopt ‘ sensible ' approaches to such issues .
He added : ‘ I want to put the record straight… you can send Christmas cards and have a Christmas party . '
Mr Isaac is particularly critical of last November 's ban by cinema chains on the one-minute Lord 's Prayer advert , which featured the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby and others reciting lines from the ancient prayer .
Digital Cinema Media , the advertising arm of Odeon , Cineworld and Vue , initially encouraged the U-certificate film , which was due to be shown before Star Wars : The Force Awakens .
But then DCM suddenly pulled the plug , saying the film could offend cinema-goers and breach policy . Despite a furious backlash , it refused to back down .
Mr Isaac is particularly critical of last November 's ban by cinema chains on the one-minute Lord 's Prayer advert , which featured the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby and others reciting lines from the ancient prayer
Mr Isaac makes clear that legal action is still an option to clarify the law , and the Commission could initiate a case if approached to do so .
A section in the new report says : ‘ There is no right in Britain not to be offended and , in our view , respect for people 's right to express beliefs with which others might disagree , is the mark of a democratic society .
‘ We are concerned that a single supplier is effectively able to control a very large proportion of the market and effectively impose a blanket ban on advertising of a religious nature . '
But the report rejects the view of Christian campaigners that the law is biased and puts the rights of some minority groups such as gay people ahead of religious believers .
Citing the 2009 case of the Cornish seaside hotel owners , exclusively revealed by The Mail on Sunday , who lost a court battle after refusing to allow a gay couple to stay in a double room saying they banned all unmarried couples , Mr Isaac said : ‘ There has been a great deal of debate about the so-called hierarchy of rights .
'It does n't exist , but the courts have confirmed that when offering a commercial service , people can not use their beliefs – religious or otherwise – to discriminate against others . '
The Commission does back Ms Eweida , who won her discrimination case in the European Court of Human Rights in 2013 after British Airways ordered her to remove a cross she wore over her uniform .
It also backs a ruling against Trafford Housing Trust for demoting employee Adrian Smith , for saying on his personal Facebook page that gay marriage in church was ‘ an equality too far ' – another exclusive in this newspaper .
The Church of England welcomed the report for saying the cinema chains ‘ were wrong to ignore basic rights on the freedom of religion ' .
But former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey said Mr Isaac was ‘ ignoring the fact that there is currently a competition of rights and no one knows where they stand ' .
The Christian Legal Centre added : ‘ In the last year we 've seen doctors , nurses , social workers , registrars and university students disciplined or sacked for sharing their Christian faith . The EHRC still has a woeful understanding of what it truly means to be a believing Christian . '
Returning from Bhaidooj celebrations , a 23-year-old woman travelling by a local train was flashed on Saturday .
She was the sole occupant of her compartment and refusing to be intimidated , she shot a seven-minute-long video of the man , which she submitted to the police .
Within 48 hours , the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus government railway police ( GRP ) arrested the accused for outraging the woman 's modesty .
Police said the man , Karappa Patel , 30 , is a daily-wage labourer and lives on a footpath in Masjid Bunder .
The woman lives in Nalasopara . She had gone to her brother 's house at Cuffe Parade on Friday evening and left for her office at 10am on Saturday . She boarded the ladies compartment of a Belapur local at 10.10am from CSMT . While standing near the footboard , she noticed that a man in the adjacent handicap coach had unzipped his pants . She said he soon began masturbating .
She took out her phone and filmed the man till Reay Road station .
“ She alighted and boarded the next train to CSMT , where she asked us to register a complaint , ” said Machindra Chavan , assistant commissioner of police ( CR GRP ) .
Based on her statement and the video recording , the police registered a case and began hunting for the accused .
“ We checked CCTV camera footage to find out where Patel alighted.We circulated the video among our staff so they could identify him , ” added Chavan .
At 6am on Monday , police spotted Patel asleep on a bench outside CSMT station . “ The woman identified Patel , following which we arrested him , ” said Chavan .
First Published : Oct 24 , 2017 00:44 IST
Strange times in D.C . There 's plenty of room for the Wizards to make a nice little playoff run , and there 's even more hope down the line . On the other hand , making a playoff run might save Randy Wittman 's job , and keeping Wittman definitely makes it much harder to get excited about the future . It 's like a much meaner version of the marshmallow test . You could choose to enjoy some marshmallows now , buuuuuuuut … it might get you repeatedly punched in the stomach for six months next year .
That 's where D.C. basketball is . Since at least January , the Wizards have bullied me into cheering for two opposing outcomes and constantly feeling guilty no matter what I choose . It 's horrible . I stopped watching games for about six weeks because of it .
It ends today . Give me the marshmallow . Yes , it 's too bad the Wizards ca n't announce they 're firing Wittman regardless of what happens in the playoffs . That would make this easier . Everyone could cheer for John Wall with a clear conscience . It 's too bad this franchise ca n't be trusted to make hard decisions , or even just to recognize that it 's playing basketball in 2015 , not 1995 . But that 's OK . Even without any guarantees , life is too short to play the long game with something as stupid as sports .
It 's time to embrace the Way of Witt and ride this stupid train as far as it goes . Here are seven tips for the journey .
1 . Make Peace With Your God
You will see things no basketball fan should see . There will be timeouts that lead to horrific iso plays for Wall ; there will be set plays to get Bradley Beal a contested 16-foot jump shot that he 's been missing for his entire career ; there will be Kevin Seraphin atrocities that hark back to Andray Blatche . Accept all of this going into the experience .
Do n't half-ass it , and do n't lie to yourself . Take a deep breath . If you 're watching the Wittman Wizards , you are going to war with logic for three hours . Even when they 're winning , the team will look so clueless it will feel like you 're losing . That 's why it 's war . There are no winners in a Wittman Wizards game . Just survivors .
2 . Make the Beal Face for 10 Straight Minutes
There are a lot of reasons to love this clip — they say a Vine is worth 1,000 failed crunch-time plays — but the best part is Beal 's face throughout the sequence . It looks like he 's about to curse at the beginning , and then it just turns into a blank stare . I 've been making this face for the past four months . There is almost anger at the start , but then it 's just quiet , empty resignation . It 's Wittman . Everybody knew this was coming .
But the time for quiet resignation is over , right ? To prepare for any Wizards game , it 's very important to get the defeated blank stare out of the way early . Let your heart calcify before the game even starts .
Think about how predictable all of this was . Think about how crazy it is that there 's even a chance Wittman could come back next season . Think about the Thunder going after Kevin Ollie this week . Must be nice . Think about how great Wall has been for the entire year , and how depressing it is that he 's being wasted in this shitpile of an offense . Think about all the 3-point shooters the Wizards do n't have , and the Drew Gooden 20-foot spot-up jumpers we get to watch instead . Think about how the Wizards bench looks 800 years old for most of the game , and remember that the Wizards sold Jordan Clarkson to L.A. last June .
No problem is too big or too small to ponder in this anger session . Let yourself seethe . It 's like anti-meditation . Think about giving Trevor Ariza 's money to Martell Webster . Remember Trevor Booker ? Every time Seraphin gets lost on defense and bricks a turnaround hook off the front of the rim , I miss Booker a little more . Think about everything .
Get it out of your system . This will make it easier to go nuts later on , when it 's time to experience sports like a regular human .
3 . Remember That Bradley Beal Is 21 Years Old
There will be plenty of people who try to tell you that Beal looks lost on offense . “ He 's regressed , ” they say . “ He 's overrated . He 's turning into Eric Gordon before our very eyes . Everyone keeps blaming this season on Wittman , but Beal has been one of the most disappointing players in the league this year . ”
These people are n't wrong . This is also probably the most compelling reason of all to make a coaching change this summer .
The Wizards have been using Beal like he 's Dwyane Wade , when his real destiny is closer to someone like J.J. Redick or Klay Thompson . Of course , to use him like that , they would have to run offenses like the Clippers or Warriors , and that comes back to Wittman . Really , Beal 's struggles are more symptom than disease . Just keep telling yourself this .
Another thing to keep telling yourself : As bad as things sometimes look — like , say , Game 1 in Toronto — Beal is only 21 . That 's four years younger than Jimmy Butler or Thompson . There 's plenty of time to turn things around , and even if Wittman comes back next year , Beal will at some point play for a real coach who uses him in smart ways . He will ultimately end up somewhere in the middle between Redick and Ray Allen on the spectrum of shooting guards . This will work out . OK ? This will work out . Beal is 21 years old .
4 . Do n't Play Armchair Coach With the Lineups
Stop trying to figure out how the rotations work . Just fucking give up . Seriously . It took the Wizards 83 games to realize Paul Pierce makes sense at the 4 , with Otto Porter at the 3 and Marcin Gortat rotating with Nene down low .
Score since Pierce went to the 4 : 16-4 , Wizards . — Jorge Castillo ( @ jorgeccastillo ) April 18 , 2015
Pierce played just 4 % of Wizards regular season games at the 4 . They were a plus-34 . — Jorge Castillo ( @ jorgeccastillo ) April 18 , 2015
Game 2 is tonight , and I promise you , this lineup will be underutilized and ignored for the better part of the game .
Trying to understand Wittman substitution patterns is like putting your brain in a washing machine . You 're better off embracing the chaos and rooting for Wall to be so good that none of it matters . Which reminds me …
5 . Trust in John Wall
Watch him throw himself all over the court on defense . Watch him get wide-open looks for everyone on the court . Watch him miss a lot of horrible jumpers , sure . But then also watch him win you back by defying physics at the rim . He is n't Gilbert Arenas or Russell Westbrook . He 's much closer to a classic point guard , with the caveat that he 's asked to do way more for this broken-down Wizards team . And most of the time , he does it really well . He plays at 110 miles an hour , he says all the right things , and a year with Pierce has only made him smarter . As frustrating as the Wizards can be , having Wall as the leader for the future is every bit as reassuring . He 's everything anyone could ever want in a franchise player .
The key to enjoying the Wittman Wizards is to stop asking , “ What would Wall look like in a real offense ? ” Start asking , “ Is Wall amazing enough to make this work anyway ? ” That 's what we 're rooting for .
6 . Remember That You Have No Power
Watching Wall 's breakout season become engulfed by dysfunction — with a vicious combination of Ernie Grunfeld 's roster and Wittman 's coaching — pretty much broke me this year . I do n't know if I can do this for another season . The mistakes are too familiar , and Kevin Durant hallucinations aside , the stakes for the future are too high . This team could be so fucking fun with a smart coach and decent roster around Wall . It 's why dreaming of a Raptors sweep made sense no less than a week ago .
It 's not just the crunch-time war crimes happening now that bother me . Coaching actually matters a lot more when you project the future . It 's the reason certain players turn into Kawhi Leonard while others turn in Jan Vesely . Look at what 's happening to Porter and Beal . The development of young stars is one of the big reasons certain teams look like attractive places for free agents to play , while other teams remain locked in fifth-seed hell for years at a time . This is all very simple , but somehow the Wizards keep missing it .
But all of that 's on management . You are powerless . I am powerless . It is only by letting go that we can take back control . Stop thinking about the future you ca n't change . Let sports be simple for a few weeks .
7 . Realize the Truth Will Set You Free
Hey . Eastern Conference .
Say hello to my little friend .
He 's the ringer at this table .
Once the Wizards start giving him the ball in crunch time , it will only get better . That 's why they brought him here .
You can get all philosophical weighing the future against the present , but once the game starts it 's pretty basic . All sports teams are stupid most of the time . Being a sports fan is even dumber . We are all slamming our heads against a wall every year . But then there are certain athletes who are so cool they make it all worth it .
No matter what happens , no matter what it means for the future , I am not rooting against dusty-ass genius Paul Pierce . It just is n't possible .
Forget Randy Wittman . It 's playoff time .
If you ca n't root for this picture to haunt Toronto 's dreams for the next six months , I do n't know what to tell you .
Dave Sandford/NBAE via Getty Images
999 Sequel Kyokugen Dasshutsu ADV : Zennin Shibou Desu Gets 12 Minutes Promotional Anime and Screenshots
Giuseppe Nelva December 13 , 2011 10:25:16 PM EST
Remember the lovely DS visual novel 999 : Nine Hours , Nine Persons , Nine Doors published in the US by Aksys ? Chunsoft is working on a sequel titled Kyokugen Dasshutsu ADV : Zennin Shibou Desu ( Extreme Escape Adventure : Good People Die ) , that will be published in Japan on February the 16th , 2012 for the PS Vita and the 3DS .
The sequel will feature anime cutscenes created by the extremely popular animation studio GONZO , that worked on Anime masterpieces like Full Metal Panic ! , Samurai 7 , Romeo x Juliet and the recent Last Exile -Fam , The Silver Wing- .
The studio produced a 12 minutes-long promotional anime episode for the game , published today , together with a few screenshots . You can see them past the cut , as we hope that Aksys will publish this one as well .
Few former NHLers have embarked on as unconventional a post-career path as former Calgary Flames great Theoren Fleury , the two-time 100-point scorer who 's now plying his trade as a country music crooner .
‘ Unconventional ' describes much of Fleury 's tumultuous tenure in the NHL , as the Oxbow , Sask . native was forced to battle through plenty on his way to cementing himself in the Flames history books . But that fiery personality and unyielding determination earned Fleury a Stanley Cup and a slew of impressive stat lines – the veteran topped 40 goals on four different occasions , finishing his career with 1,088 points in 1,084 career tilts .
Unfortunately , that same mix of skill , unbridled emotion , and unpredictability is a rarity in today 's game , according to Fleury .
“ The game is wayyy , wayyy too over-coached , ” Fleury said to Sharp magazine 's Dave McCarthy on Wednesday . “ It 's almost like coaches are playing Xbox with these guys . IPads on every bench now . It really takes individuality out of the game . ”
The league still has a few characters who call back to that bygone era , according to Fleury , but they 're certainly tougher to find .
“ That 's why I love guys like P.K . Subban , who have their own personality and beat to their own drum , ” Fleury said . “ There 's definitely a lack of that now . If you look at my era , you had all these characters who played , like Jeremy Roenick and Marty McSorley . They were different guys and said what was on their mind and wore their hearts on their sleeves .
“ There were a lot of colourful people in the game . Now , when you listen to interviews with so many young guys , it 's all clichés . ”
While our current era might be lacking in individuality , Fleury did say he 's impressed with the new crop of smaller-sized players thriving as the on-ice product continues to evolve .
“ It 's really hard to compare eras but there 's no question that the game is built now for skill and speed , whereas when I was playing , it was a man 's game and was n't conducive to small guys having success , ” Fleury said . “ But it 's nice to see guys like ( Johnny ) Gaudreau and ( Mitch ) Marner and Marty St. Louis have the careers they 've had .
“ I was always told I was too small and I 'd never make it and I 'm sure it was no different for those guys . But when you have the kind of skill those guys have , that 's what really sets you apart . ”
× Expand Photography by Arthur Witman , courtesy of the State Historical Society of Missouri
Farmers first parked wagons here when it was a meadow , a few years after the signing of the Declaration of Independence . Wooden sheds went up in the 1840s . In 1929 , they built this one , modeled on a Renaissance foundling hospital . Today , the ritual 's the same as it was in 1944 : point , then hand over cash , small bills preferred . There are still melons off the truck . Also live chickens ; flip-flops with flowers on the thong ; wild morels ; field-dressed possums on ice ; bean pies ; boudin ; Boston ferns ; fancy goat cheese ; feng shui fans ; incense that smells like Bounce ; prawns ; tiny plastic Ziplocs of burdock root ; and mini-donuts fried on the spot . ( They 're surprisingly good with a plastic cup of beer , breakfast of choice for some Saturday a.m. Soulard Market shoppers . ) An eclectic scene , though the real magic 's in the crowd . Nowhere else in St. Louis , and perhaps not in many other places at all , will you see in one field of vision an Amish straw hat , a tie-dyed tunic , a swimsuit , a KSHE shirt , a jersey headscarf .
31 Day Challenge - Day 9 - Metallic Nails ! - Scalloped Tips
Hello there ! ! ! Today I bring you Metallic Day , or as it is known , Day 9 of the 31 Inspired Days of Nail Art Challenge ! I own 10 different metallic polishes , including 2 crackles , so for me finding a polish was not going to be too difficult . As me to find a jelly though , it 's nearly impossible in my collection .
When I sat down to do this manicure , I pulled out all 10 of those polishes and began staring . What did I want to do .... how was I going to use more than one of these polishes and not make my nails look like an obnoxious shiny , metallic mess . I remember seeing in my Twitter feed that @ MrsManPolish newest love for what The Daily Varnish calls Scalloped Tips . This technique is also known as the `` cloud '' manicure as seen on the blog nailside
I originally tried the technique with three metallics , and boy was it a barfy , metallic disasticure . So , I started searching my stash for a perfect colored cream that would look good with any of my metallics . The winner , Sinful Colors Rain Storm , an amazing dusty , medium blue . Let 's take a look ...
Funky Fingers - Zeppelin
Funky Fingers - Favorite Girl
Sinful Colors - Rain Storm
The next day I refreshed it with some matte top coat ... check it ( they kinda look the same but you can see it 's flatter )
It is super easy to get this look ! ! ! ! Start with a base coat of whatever color you chose . Then with your second color , using the bottle 's brush place it 3/4 of the way up the nail . When it starts to form a rounded drip , stroke the brush downwards . Then do the same 1/2 the way down , then the last 1/3rd of the way down . With your third color , do the same thing . If you want to have a more ruffled look , you could do this technique with as many polishes as you want . If my directions stink ( which most likely they do ) check out either The Daily Varnish 's or Nailside 's tutorials above !
Which look do you like better ? ? Shiny or flatter ? I loved both equally , I seriously could not stop looking at these nails ! ! ! I can not wait to do this technique again ! So simple and eye catching ! Have you tried ?
This is the 31 Inspired Days Challenge ... do n't forget to check out the other lovely ladies ! ! ! ! !
Colors Used :
Labels on bags of snack foods indicate they are non-GMO food products , in Los Angeles , California , Oct. 19 , 2012 .. Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images
Connecticut Gov . Dannel P. Malloy has signed legislation requiring that genetically modified foods be labeled , but the law will not be put into action until at least four more states pass similar labeling measures .
“ I am proud that leaders from each of the legislative caucuses can come together to make our state the first in the nation to require the labeling of GMOs , ” Mallow said at a local Fairfield raw foods café Wednesday .
“ The end result is a law that shows our commitment to consumers ' right to know while catalyzing other states to take similar action . ”
Genetically engineered organisms are injected with foreign genes , including bacteria , to create weed- and pest-resistant crops .
Mallow told supporters “ this is a beginning ” before he signed the bill , “ this is not a movement you are going to stop . ”
The bill requires four other states to enact similar legislation before Connecticut 's labeling can begin . It also stipulates that the combined population of the five states must be at least 20 million and one must border Connecticut .
Maine has passed similar legislation , but can not be enforced until its only bordering state , New Hampshire , passes a labeling bill — which its lawmakers failed to do in November .
Requiring regional adoption of GMO labeling before forcing local farms to comply is meant to protect Connecticut 's farmers and agricultural industry .
Advocates for legislation say that GMO corn and soy products have resulted in liver , kidney and bone marrow damage . Opponents argue labeling will increase food costs and hurt the livelihood of farmers .
An estimated 75 percent of grocery store products contain at least one GM ingredient . More than 800 all-natural and organic companies have pursued transparency through independent verification on roughly 12,000 products with the Non-GMO Project .
According to the Center for Food Safety , GMO labeling are being considered in 64 countries — including every member state in the European Union , China , Brazil , Japan , Australia and India – but not in the U.S. or Canada .
Alaska and Hawaii are also considering labeling proposals .
Al Jazeera
Atoi and iota arrive on PS4 on 9th September
We are very excited to announce that Tearaway Unfolded will be launching across Europe on 9th September ( and 11th September in the UK ) . Hooray ! Not only that , if you pre-order Tearaway Unfolded now , you can get your hands on one of two packs filled with super-duper bonus content , including exclusive costumes and decorations inspired by some of your favourite PlayStation titles !
The Pop-Up Pack
In The Pop-Up Pack , you 'll receive a shiny Gold Leaf to wear on the headband of your messenger along with an exclusive Journey costume , allowing you to ‘ journey ' through the world of Tearaway Unfolded in style !
You 'll also nab yourself these super-cute Sackboy and Baby Wendigo papercraft plans for you to make while you wait for the release of the game , as well as 5 custom decorations from the fantastic Lemmings , Gravity Rush , No Man 's Sky and The Order : 1886 for you to use in creative challenges . And if that was n't enough , we 're also including the official Tearaway Unfolded soundtrack featuring all original tracks from the game .
The Messenger Edition
Keep your eyes peeled , because we 'll also be releasing a unique jam-packed edition of the game featuring alternate cover art and , most importantly , the Torn Away Pack .
The Torn-Away Pack contains more magnificent papery things to adorn your messenger with . This pack includes a shining Gold Stamp to be proudly worn on the headband of your messenger as well as an exclusive God of War costume to wear as you battle your way through Scraps and other enemies . You 'll also get the Sackboy and Baby Wendigo papercraft plans to make , five super sweet custom decorations from WWS PlayStation titles God of War , Infamous , The Last of Us and Killzone , and last , but by very no means least , the spectacular Pig Crown ( as seen in the Vita version ) .
Tearaway Unfolded : Special Edition
We will also be creating a Special Edition of Tearaway Unfolded to be sold at selected retailers which will include a rare and extremely adorable atoi plushie AND the Torn-Away Pack filled with lots of rad bonus content .
We 've been completely blown away by your excitement and anticipation for Tearaway Unfolded over the past few months , it has really inspired us and spurred us on during development of the game and we wanted to say a massive THANK YOU for all your love and support ! We really ca n't wait for you all to play it !
Tearaway Unfolded will be available on shelves and on PlayStation Store this 9th September !
I Think We Can Safely Say The American Culture War Has Been Taken As Far As It Can Go
Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 16 , 2017
Okay , that 's it . That 's as far as the American culture war can possibly be taken . When you 've got people dressed as superheroes brawling with people dressed as ninjas over who 's got the better warmongering neocon politicians in Washington , you 've taken this idiotic game to its most ridiculous possible extreme . These Berkeley demonstrations where right-wingers who think America is one COEXIST bumper sticker away from full-fledged Marxism gather to have fist fights with lefties who see Adolph Hitler 's face on every mammal without a Tumblr account have taken the artificial dichotomy created and promulgated by America 's ruling elites and made it so cartoonishly exaggerated that it 's lost all shape and meaning outside of “ hey look at me ! ” social media vanity politics .
If you have n't been following ( and I would not blame you if you have not ) , there was yet another pro-Trump demonstration in the ultra-liberal city of Berkeley , California yesterday , which was once again met with counterprotests from masked “ antifascists ” , and which once again turned violent . This happened because people who voted for Trump last year are tired of being painted as racist Nazis by the people who voted for Clinton , so some of them have been staging the conservative equivalent of a gay pride parade to let everyone know that they 're out and they 're not ashamed . The people who voted for Clinton , meanwhile , have been brainwashed by corporate media into believing that their nation is being taken over by fascist bigots , so when they saw what they were being told was a rally for white nationalists and neo-Nazis assembling in their neighborhood , they came itching for a fight . Tempers flared and fists flew .
I 'm not calling for this behavior to stop , for the record ; if a bunch of bored internet denizens want to get together and break their hand bones on each other 's skulls with poorly-thrown punches in order to feel something , that 's fine by me . I just think it 's worth drawing attention to how ridiculous this whole thing is getting . Because some rich people and their politicians figured out that rural Americans have different fears than urban Americans and that these fears can be used to keep voters fighting each other instead of demanding a just and equitable society , you 've now got guys dressing up like Captain America running around breaking sticks over the heads of dreadlocked black bloc liberal arts majors in one of the most expensive parts of the wealthiest nation on earth .
Neither side understands the other . The protesters decry the hypocrisy of the “ tolerant left ” under the erroneous belief that unconditional tolerance has ever been a value espoused in theory or in practice by the political left , while the counter-protesters say they 're there “ to make Nazis afraid ” , like that 's even a thing . The deliberately-constructed echo chambers they inhabit have thick walls to insulate them from ever gleaning any insight into the actual worldview behind the face they 're punching , but they take every minute of it so very , very seriously . And meanwhile the sociopathic oligarchs who own both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are marching us toward a potential world war with a nuclear superpower .
“ Well , we can talk a little bit later about what 's happened to the Trump administration and this fascinating process that we have been seeing about how many days does it take for the security sector to digest a president . Something like 75 appears to be the answer . ”
Julian Assange made the above tragically under-appreciated remark during his interview with Democracy Now a few days ago . How many days does it take for the security sector to digest a president ? How long does it take the military industrial complex and its cronies to make a president stop resisting its agendas and bow to its will ? About 75 days . That 's good info .
Assange was of course referring to how quickly Trump has been made to reverse his position on key foreign policy issues like Russia and intervening against the Syrian government and fall in line with the US deep state 's agendas against those nations , which has already outraged much of Trump 's base . What 's interesting about this development is that if it continues along its current trajectory it 's going to unite the anti-establishment right with the anti-establishment left . There was a brief window last year where Greens and Bernie-or-Busters united with the Trumpsters in the media war against the Clinton propaganda machine , and together were able to do enough damage to cost the Anointed Queen her crown , but then when their guy won we lefties were left out in the cold on our own while they went on to celebrate and pretend that Trump is going to Make America Great Again .
If Trump takes one more step in the direction of Syrian regime change , we will see this start to shift as the battle lines are redrawn once more . Not all of his supporters will abandon him for going full neocon , but a very sizeable percentage have indicated so . And then maybe this stupid culture war will finally end . Maybe we 'll see two sides of this insipid debate stop antagonizing and stagnating one another over a few wedge issues the deep state does n't even care about and finally turn and face the real enemy together , the superheroes with their sticks and the ninjas with their nunchucks .
A girl can dream .
— -
Thanks for reading ! If you enjoyed this , please consider helping me out by sharing it around , liking me on Facebook , following me on Twitter , or even tossing me some money on Patreon so I can keep this gig up .
Parliament ratifies agreement with NATO on status of forces
The Serbian parliament has ratified an agreement between NATO and countries participating in Partnership for Peace that regards the status of their forces .
Source : Tanjug Wednesday , 8.07.2015 . | 09:46
Close the entire text of the article here
When he addressed MPs during the debate , Defense Minister Bratislav Gasic said that the agreement does not mean Serbia was moving `` closer to NATO , '' that it was a militarily neutral country , and that `` no army will be able to pass through the territory of Serbia or use its resources without first being asked by the Serbian Army ( VS ) to do so . ''
The minister said that Serbia would not be extraditing any member of the military sentenced to death because this kind of punishment does not exist in Serbia 's legal system .
Ratifying the agreement `` provides for the VS using mechanisms of international military cooperation through a more efficient implementation of procedures necessary for participation in international exercises both in Serbia and abroad and for it stepping up its operational and functional capabilities in multinational operations . ''
The agreement also `` enables Serbia to meet international obligations aimed at preparing its forces for playing a more active role in strengthening the European foreign and security policy . ''
Rep. Ted Lieu ( D-CA ) was recently re-elected to his second term in Congress , representing a large chunk of West Los Angeles . He was also recently promoted to Colonel in the U.S. Air Force Reserves .
In addition to obeying his oath of office , Rep. Lieu is subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice ( UCMJ ) — including Article 88 , which prohibits commissioned officers , in or out of uniform , from using “ contemptuous words ” against the president and other high officials .
Article 88 does not prohibit mere criticism , and there is thought to be some leeway in the interpretation of the article that allows for ordinary political debate . There are , after all , several members of Congress who serve as reservists , and they are sometimes quite impassioned in their opinions .
Yet Rep. Lieu 's recent and ongoing statements about President Donald Trump go far beyond even strident political debate and explicitly claim that the Commander-in-Chief is in fact illegitimate .
As the Los Angeles Times reported Thursday , Rep. Lieu claims “ our leader is potentially unhinged … and that is highly disturbing. ” He also places an asterisk next to President Trump 's name in press releases , which links to the following footnote :
* * * In addition to losing the popular vote , Trump — as of January 20 , 2017 — is in violation of the Emoluments Clause set forth in Article I , Section 9 of the U.S. Constitution due to massive conflicts of interests and his refusal to put his global business holdings in blind trusts . Trump also benefitted from Vladimir Putin ordering a multifaceted and brazen Russian influence and cyber hacking campaign with the goals of undermining faith in the U.S. democratic process , denigrating Secretary Clinton 's electability , and helping Trump 's election chances . Trump and his press secretary also routinely make stuff up .
Rep. Lieu has also publicly used expletives , repeatedly , in attacking the White House :
I just became a monthly donor to @ ACLU . Because the RESISTANCE to any unconstitutional crazy shit from President Trump begins now . — Ted Lieu ( @ tedlieu ) November 14 , 2016
Was charged $ 2.99 for coffee listed at $ 2.59 . That 's why I have trust issues . Oh , and the fact that @ seanspicer at # WhiteHouse makes shit up — Ted Lieu ( @ tedlieu ) January 23 , 2017
Furthermore , on his website , Rep. Lieu has posted a “ Cloud of Illegitimacy Clock , ” which claims Trump is both an illegitimate president and in violation of the Constitution , and measures the length of his “ illegitimate ” term accordingly .
One expects such antics from extremist Democrats like former Rep. Alan Grayson ( D-FL ) , who once said that the Republican health care plan was “ die quickly. ” However , one does not expect that sort of disrespect from a representative with Rep. Lieu 's moderate temperament — and especially from a high-ranking commissioned reserve officer in the armed forces .
Article 88 is rarely enforced , but Rep. Lieu seems to be campaigning for a court-martial . As the Times notes in its headline : “ Rep . Ted Lieu is trolling Donald Trump , and he hopes you 're watching. ” Even for a politician , his conduct is strange and unbecoming . As a Colonel in the U.S. Air Force Reserves , it is disgraceful .
Perhaps he could explain it to a military judge .
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . He was named one of the “ most influential ” people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
Instant Urbanism
Facebook 0
Twitter
More 0
For a New Yorker , I 've spent a fair amount of time in Texas . I 've visited Houston , Austin , San Antonio , and Marfa several times ; made brief stopovers in El Paso , Alpine , and Johnson City ; and driven clear across the state twice . But , somehow , until a few months ago , I had never set foot in Dallas . Maybe it 's because Texas 's third-largest city does n't show up on anyone 's radar as a “ good ” city , a place where one might enjoy a walk . Instead , Dallas is generally cited as an example of all the things you do n't want a city to be . It 's automobile-centric and congenitally sprawly , covering nearly 342 square miles of land . True , that 's fewer than Los Angeles 's 469 square miles , but Dallas has only half of the density of L.A . In Edward Glaeser 's Triumph of the City , Dallas is mentioned several times in passing , always in a list that includes Atlanta and Phoenix , boomtowns that grew with little or no regard for the niceties of urban form .
So I was surprised , one Saturday night in March , when I stepped into downtown Dallas 's Chesterfield , one of those artisanal bars where the cocktail list is the length of a phone book ( remember phone books ? ) . It felt like the entire twenty-something population of the fashionable Main Street district was stuffed into the upholstered booths or thronging the bar . Way too tired to deal with the drinks menu , let alone the crowd , I left without trying a house specialty called Oswald 's Corridor ( Maker 's Mark , Cherry Heering , absinthe ) .
Sleepy by day , the neighborhood was pulsing with life after dark . I had the feeling that I 'd drifted onto a movie set , a hastily assembled early-twenty-first-century nightlife scene . The Chesterfield had , in fact , opened only a few months earlier . And ornate old office towers like the Kirby ( 1913 ) and the Davis ( 1926 ) have just recently been converted into loft-style apartments with rooftop swimming pools and advertised in campaigns extolling the virtues of walking to work . An area where almost no one lived a decade ago now has upward of 2,300 residents .
The occasion for my visit to Dallas was the grand opening of the $ 117 million , Santiago Calatrava–designed Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge , which is named for the daughter of Texas oilman H. L. Hunt , Jr. , and was financed , in part , by a donation from the Hunt Oil Company . On a cool , windy night , politicians and members of the Hunt family stood on a platform and speechified . The architect was there , too . “ This bridge is a monument to the love you all feel for your city , ” he declared . For me , the best thing about the party was the opportunity to look up at the patterns formed by the 58 cables that meet a single white arch , something drivers on the span wo n't be able to do . The new bridge crosses the Trinity River and links central Dallas with La Bajada , a largely Hispanic neighborhood where the locals fear , with good reason , that their modest homes will soon give way to commercial development . Arch-gazing pedestrians will be relegated to the next bridge north , on Continental Avenue , which will be converted to a landscaped pedestrian thoroughfare thanks to an eight-million-dollar private donation .
However it affects the future of La Bajada , the Calatrava bridge is the most visible symbol of a profound effort to unite the scattered neighborhoods of central Dallas . A plan called Downtown Dallas 360 , which was approved last year , calls for increased residential development in the heart of the city , while emphasizing “ multimodal ” transportation—fewer cars , more bicycles and transit—and pedestrian-friendly streetscapes . The plan reads like a testament to this country 's newfound passion for all things urban . The city already has DART , a light-rail system with four lines and 72 miles of track ; work is underway on an airport connection . The rail system is more than twice as big as the system in Austin , the state capital , which is generally regarded as the more progressive city .
In Dallas , enlightened urban planners have to wrestle with impediments such as the network of tunnels and sky bridges that link the slew of banal towers that went up during the 1970s and 1980s . “ The multi-level separation of pedestrians from downtown streets has had perhaps the most damaging impact on street activity , ” according to Downtown Dallas 360 . “ Retail and service life effectively vanished from streets . As more and more buildings were built to tie into the multi-level circulation scheme , streets became relegated to automobiles and the less fortunate. ” Use of the tunnel network , however , has begun to decline . The other insurmountable obstacle to high-quality urban life is the freeway loop that encircles downtown Dallas . The highway system presents “ a significant barrier to surrounding neighborhoods , ” the plan says . “ Forming a complete loop and defining the edge of every corner of the Central Business District , the freeways sever streets , block views , interrupt connectivity and create noise and undesirable ‘ voids ' in the urban fabric . ”
When I took an early morning run from the Joule , a boutique hotel in a Main Street bank building that was lavishly restored by the billionaire oilman Tim Headington , to the Katy Trail , a gently rolling three-and-a-half mile recreational path that runs north of downtown , I had to dash underneath the Woodall Rodgers Freeway , and across its on- and off-ramps , to get there . The planners offer few strategies for dealing with the constraints posed by the elevated freeways . Apparently , there 's no local appetite for removing the highways , even in the interest of an improved urban experience . Indeed , at the same time that the city is talking about surrounding the Trinity River with parkland , it 's planning to run a new toll road within the river 's levees . Despite the enlightened philosophy of the 360 plan , and the bottomless capacity of local philanthropists to fund architecturally exciting institutions ( the latest is a Morphosis-designed science museum named for the Perot family ) , Dallas may find it hard to change its spots .
Which is why the thing I found most impressive in Dallas ( aside from Renzo Piano 's lovely Nasher Sculpture Center ) is Klyde Warren Park , scheduled to open in October . Named—oddly , but somehow predictably—for the nine-year-old son of the billionaire oil-pipeline magnate Kelcy Warren , a major donor to the project , the park sits on a 1,045-foot-long , 5.2-acre deck over the sunken portion of the Woodall Rodgers Freeway that cleaves the much ballyhooed Arts District ( opera house by Norman Foster , theater by OMA ) from uptown . Linda Owen , the park 's president , explained that , like most things in Dallas , the venture is a public-private partnership . About half of the $ 110 million needed to design and build it came from city bonds and state and federal highway money ; the rest came from private donations . It will be privately managed and “ self-sustaining , ” raising money through a lease on an ultra-minimalist , Thomas Phifer–designed restaurant pavilion , and various use fees and sponsorships . The park 's relatively formal design ( by the Office of James Burnett ) is a nod to Chicago 's Millennium Park and New York 's Bryant and Madison Square Parks . The idea is to intensively program the plot and keep it buzzing with a menu of concerts , exhibitions , and activities .
If the park is successful in “ reknitting the fabric , ” as Owens puts it , it will demonstrate the power of the 360 plan . Envisioning a pedestrian renaissance , Owens hopes that the Katy Trail might grow a spur that links it to the new park , or that “ people on bikes and foot will create their own trail. ” Of course , as is typical for this city , the endeavor 's name is a reminder that the oil industry picked up the tab . Dallas 's reach for urbanity reminds me of Abu Dhabi 's use of oil wealth to finance the eco-fabulous Masdar City . The effort is inherently oxymoronic . While the attempt to make central Dallas walkable is something of a long shot , the desire seems genuine . And the fact that this is happening in a state not known for progressive thinking , and in a city built largely by and for the oil industry , suggests that this country 's newfound passion for the communal pleasures of urban life runs deep , representing a generational shift that has the power to transcend political and geographic boundaries .
JOVE : Jupiter-6 inspired filter for Eurorack
Approximate reading time : 1 Minute
System 80 JOVE · Source : System 80 System 80 JOVE · Source : System 80
Previous Next
System 80 came to our attention a couple of months ago with a video of a forthcoming Roland-808 clone squeezed into Eurorack format . While we 're waiting for that to arrive their love of all things Roland has produced a rather lovely looking filter . Called “ Jove ” it 's based on the multimode filter from the Roland Jupiter-6 .
JOVE
System 80 set out to capture some of the originality of the Jupiter-6 filter . It was different to other filters Roland used and has a distinct sound . It 's based around a cascaded Operational Transconductance Amplifier ( OTA ) . The original IR3109 quad OTA is no longer obtainable and so they used the very similar LM13700 OTA . They believe JOVE to be as faithful as you can get to the character of the Jupiter-6 without using obsolete parts .
JOVE has the 3 original Jupiter-6 modes of low , band and high but they also included a 2-pole 12 dB low pass mode which approximates the Jupiter-8 filter . It has two inputs , one log-attenuated and one not . There are two similarly attenuated CV inputs for frequency and one for resonance . The hybrid nature of the audio and CV inputs taken from the MKS80 and SH101 , respectively , was inspired by the AMSynths AM8060 .
The front panel looks fabulous . I am loving the design and the Jupiter colour palette . It 's very clearly laid out in the 14hp space . At $ 240 it 's well priced for a classic sounding , well-implemented filter . I 'm quite excited about what else System 80 have up their sleeve .
Sadly there 's no video of it in action but there are plenty of sound examples on the System 80 website .
Who turned out the lights ?
Tim Hortons and JWT Toronto plunged customers at one of the coffee and donut chain 's Quebec locations into inky darkness for a prank introducing a new dark roast coffee blend .
When unwitting patrons arrived , they found the L'Île-Perrot store completely covered in black-out material , even the windows . Dark vehicles were parked out front to heighten the mystery . Those who ventured inside bumped into a dude wearing night-vision goggles , who led them to a counter where dark roast was served and the gag revealed .
Goggles Guy looks pretty creepy , and unlike the hammy , self-aware fright reactions we 've seen in some `` scary '' ad pranks , the squeals of shock and surprise at Tim Hortons seem genuine . This is the client 's second large-scale , Twilight Zone-ish effort of late . In May , it meticulously recreated its first shop from 1964 , interior and exterior , in minute detail ( see below ) —even bringing back the original employees as servers .
Both the time machine and darkness stunts have generated lots of attention ( the latter is approaching 700,000 YouTube views in four days ) . Still , such shenanigans seem like an awful lot to digest before you 've had your morning joe .
CHICAGO -- - Controlling pain during childbirth and post delivery may reduce the risk of postpartum depression , writes Katherine Wisner , M.D. , a Northwestern Medicine® perinatal psychiatrist , in a July 23 editorial in Anesthesia & Analgesia .
Wisner 's editorial is based on a new Chinese study that found women who had pain control with epidural anesthesia during a vaginal delivery had a much lower risk for postpartum depression than women who did n't have the epidural .
`` Maximizing pain control in labor and delivery with your obstetrician and anesthesia team might help reduce the risk of postpartum depression , '' Wisner said .
The study findings are among the few to examine the relationship between pain during labor and postpartum depression .
`` It 's a huge omission that there has been almost nothing in postpartum depression research about pain during labor and delivery and postpartum depression , '' Wisner said . `` There is a well-known relationship between acute and chronic pain and depression . ''
Wisner is director of Northwestern 's Asher Center for the Study and Treatment of Depressive Disorders . She also is a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences and obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and a psychiatrist at Northwestern Memorial Hospital .
The Chinese study found that women who had an epidural for pain relief during labor for a vaginal delivery had a 14 percent rate of depression at six weeks postpartum compared to nearly 35 percent rate of depression for those who did not have the pain relief . An epidural was the only means of pain control available to the women .
The study also found that breastfeeding was more common in the group who had an epidural for pain compared to those who did not ( 70 percent versus 50 percent . )
`` These findings are quite exciting and further research should be done to confirm them , especially in women at increased risk of postpartum depression and in women from other cultures , '' Wisner said .
The incidence of severe acute postpartum pain is approximately 11 percent , Wisner reports in the article . The incidence of chronic pain varies by study but ranges from 1 to 10 percent for vaginal delivery and 6 to 18 percent after a cesarean .
Biological and emotional factors contribute to postpartum depression , which affects 14.5 percent of women who give birth . A woman who has chronic pain one to two months after delivery should be screened for depression , noted Wisner , also the Norman and Helen Asher Professor at Feinberg .
Managing acute postpartum pain supports the new mother 's ability to emotionally attach and care for her infant , Wisner points out .
`` Pain control gets the mother off to a good beginning rather than starting off defeated and exhausted , '' Wisner said . `` Whether it 's vaginal or cesarean section delivery , pain control postpartum is an issue for all new mothers . There is no way to have a delivery without pain . The objective here is to avoid severe pain . Controlling that delivery pain so a woman can comfortably develop as a mother is something that makes a lot of sense . ''
Source : Northwestern University
In 2013 , the new owners of a four-unit Spanish-style building in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Fairfax evicted their tenants . The residents , some of whom had lived there for decades , had been paying between $ 1,600 and $ 2,600 a month .
A few weeks later , the same apartments popped up on Airbnb . The landlords were charging around $ 500 a night .
Practically every major U.S. city is struggling with how to handle the boom of short-term rentals . Most have enacted or are considering regulations for services like Airbnb .
Critics of sites like Airbnb have long claimed that the services remove affordable housing from the market by turning rentable apartments into unofficial year-round hotels . A drop in supply can mean higher rents for remaining apartments . Hotel industry groups are also upset at the loss of revenue .
But Airbnb claims its site primarily offers an `` economic lifeline '' to help residents pay their bills , rent or a mortgage .
This week , Los Angeles started to take action against rent-controlled apartments that have been illegally converted into short-term rentals The city filed criminal charges against the Farifax building 's owners and civil cases against three other building owners . Five of the displaced tenants filed a lawsuit against the owner and Airbnb in December .
The city has also proposed an ordinance that would let hosts rent their homes for up to 120 days a year , as long as they live there at least six months of the year and follow a number of rules .
New York state and San Francisco are also close to cracking down on short-term rental sites with hefty new fines .
A pending New York bill would make it illegal for many people to list their apartments on sites like Airbnb . It 's already illegal for people to rent most apartments for fewer than 30 days in the state , but this law backs it up with bite . Hosts violating the ban would face fines up to $ 7,500 . Airbnb says more than 40,000 hosts could be subject to the fines .
`` This is a bad proposal that will make it harder for thousands of New Yorkers to pay the bills , '' Josh Meltzer , Airbnb 's head of New York public policy , said in a statement .
Related : Berlin cracks down on Airbnb to keep rents under control
In Airbnb 's hometown of San Francisco , a new rule set to take effect on July 27 will require all hosts to register with the city . Instead of fining hosts , the San Francisco law would fine the rental companies up to $ 1,000 a day for each listing , putting the burden on the companies to make sure each listing is legal .
But the $ 50 registration process is analog enough to turn off many hosts . It ca n't be completed online and requires submitting all the documents in person .
Chicago on Wednesday passed an ordinance that will tack a 4 % surcharge onto short-term rentals and require hosts to register their units . It also lets some residential neighborhoods petition to have unwanted listings banned .
Other cities like Seattle and New Orleans are still weighing legislative options . They include surcharges , annual caps on rentals , and safety regulations . Airbnb and industry groups are actively talking to most of the cities , hoping to shape any future laws .
Some U.S. locations are friendlier to the industry . San Jose , Rhode Island and Denver have all passed Airbnb-friendly laws . In Philadelphia , people can share homes for up to 180 days a year .
Related : Airbnb restrictions shot down in San Francisco vote
Airbnb is not alone . Local and state governments have been busy trying to crack down on the on-demand industries that already flourished in unregulated gray areas .
Ride-hailing companies Uber and Lyft have teams of lawyers and lobbyists fighting a seemingly unending stream of lawsuits and laws . The companies recently pulled out of Austin , Texas , over background check requirements , claiming fingerprinting would slow down the driver on-boarding process
Airbnb is prepared to fight . It is valued at more than $ 25 billion , and it has hired political veterans like Chris Lehane , a former adviser to Bill Clinton .
To convince cities and activists that short-term rentals can serve a common good , Airbnb might have to work harder to weed out sketchy landlords like the ones in Los Angeles .
`` I think short-term rentals pose a serious threat to affordable housing , '' said attorney Randy Renick , who represents the Los Angeles tenants . `` And in Los Angeles , the platform most widely used by landlords to evade the law is Airbnb . ''
Updated to include new Chicago Airbnb regulations .
Penguins Withdraw Offer to Jagr by Staff Writer / Pittsburgh Penguins
The Pittsburgh Penguins withdrew their one-year , $ 2 million contract offer to free agent Jaromir Jagr Friday morning .
`` We made what we thought was a very fair contract offer to Jaromir on Tuesday , based on his stated interest of returning to the Penguins , '' said Ray Shero , the team 's executive vice president and general manager . `` We made our best offer from the start , given our salary cap structure , in an attempt to facilitate a deal . But now , after several days , with an extended time frame for making a decision , and additional teams getting involved , we have decided to move in a different direction . It was never our intention to get involved in a free agent bidding war , and we have to focus on our team .
`` Jaromir is one of the greatest players in Penguins history , and we wish him all the best . ''
View Less
TORONTO – The Reviving the Islamic Spirit Convention ( RIS ) got underway on Friday , December 23 , in Toronto with thousands of people from North America and beyond streaming into Metro Toronto Convention Centre for the three-day gathering .
The challenges facing Muslims in the US and around the world were the central theme of the Friday Khutba delivered by Imam Zaid Shakir as well as the presentations of other speakers .
“ The tree waivers when the roots are not firmly planted in the soil , ” said Imam Zaid Shakir in his sermon .
“ Before America was America and before Canada was Canada , there were Muslims here who were enriching this land . ”
“ We are a spiritual brotherhood , ” added Imam Shakir . “ The Africans who were brought to this land as slaves are your spiritual ancestors . ”
“ By embracing them you are planting your roots , ” he continued . “ We do not have the time to figure out who we are . That question was settled a long time ago . ”
American Muslim activist , Linda Sarsour urged the audience not to be apologetic about their religion .
“ We have to be unapologetically Muslim , ” she said . “ Future generations should be able to look back and see the conviction and courage that allows them to be unapologetically Muslim . ”
“ You have no choice but to be politically engaged , ” she continued . “ Dissent is the highest form of patriotism . ”
“ If you are not at the table , you are on the menu and we have been on the menu for way too long , ” added Sarsour . “ I do n't like to be on the menu . ”
Later in the evening , British political journalist and author , Mehdi Hasan , made a passionate plea to the convention attendees to be proud of their faith and work for change .
“ In times of darkness , there is an opportunity to spread light , ” said Hasan . “ Now is the time to stand up and speak proudly . ”
“ Be the change you want to see in the world . ”
Organizers are expecting over 20,000 attendees to attend the convention that will run over the weekend in the heart of downtown Toronto .
Galaxy of Scholars
The theme of this year 's convention is ‘ Promise of God : Conditions of Revival ' which will be addressed by renowned Muslim scholars and leaders from around the world .
Political , civic and indigenous leaders sent greetings to the convention and welcomed the participants to the city .
“ Canadians across the country are making great strides in strengthening our communities , ” said the Governor General of Canada , David Johnston , in his greetings .
“ It is with this in mind that I would like to send greetings to the participants of the Reviving the Islamic Spirit ( RIS ) convention . ”
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne congratulated RIS and the Muslim community for their contributions to the province .
“ I commend you for the vital role you continue to play in fostering a culture of peace , tolerance , and mutual respect , and for your ongoing efforts to bring people together in celebration of our shared diversity , ” Premier Wynne wrote in her message to the convention .
RIS has emerged as a major platform for some of the leading Muslim personalities from around the world to address one of the largest assemblies of Muslims in the western hemisphere .
“ It will be a timely discussion on many challenges faced by us collectively and , inshaAllah , find answers to , ” said RIS in a release . “ It will be a hopeful and positive response , one that will uplift our soul , inspire our heart and revive our spirit . ”
Founded as a youth initiative over fifteen years ago , the convention strives to address issues pertinent to Western Muslims and inculcate a strong identity , which is centered on the peaceful practice of faith and making positive contributions to society .
The convention will include a special tribute on Saturday to the late boxing legend Muhammad Ali . His wife , Lonnie Ali and daughters , Rasheda and Maryum Ali will be special guests .
Canada is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations with a population of 35 million .
While the majority of Canadians are Christians , the country has no official religion and support for religious pluralism and freedom of religion is an important part of the country 's political culture .
Muslims are the fastest growing religious community in Canada , according to the country 's statistical agency , Statistics Canada . Canada 's Muslim population increased by 82 percent over the past decade to more than 1 million in 2011 . Muslims now represent 3.2 percent of Canada 's total population .
Prayers of thanks and special thanksgiving ceremonies are common among almost all religions after harvests and at other times . [ 1 ] The Thanksgiving holiday 's history in North America is rooted in English traditions dating from the Protestant Reformation . It also has aspects of a harvest festival , even though the harvest in New England occurs well before the late-November date on which the modern Thanksgiving holiday is celebrated . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
In the English tradition , days of thanksgiving and special thanksgiving religious services became important during the English Reformation in the reign of Henry VIII and in reaction to the large number of religious holidays on the Catholic calendar . Before 1536 there were 95 Church holidays , plus 52 Sundays , when people were required to attend church and forego work and sometimes pay for expensive celebrations . The 1536 reforms reduced the number of Church holidays to 27 , but some Puritans wished to completely eliminate all Church holidays , including Christmas and Easter . The holidays were to be replaced by specially called Days of Fasting or Days of Thanksgiving , in response to events that the Puritans viewed as acts of special providence . Unexpected disasters or threats of judgement from on high called for Days of Fasting . Special blessings , viewed as coming from God , called for Days of Thanksgiving . For example , Days of Fasting were called on account of drought in 1611 , floods in 1613 , and plagues in 1604 and 1622 . Days of Thanksgiving were called following the victory over the Spanish Armada in 1588 and following the deliverance of Queen Anne in 1705 . [ 3 ] An unusual annual Day of Thanksgiving began in 1606 following the failure of the Gunpowder Plot in 1605 and developed into Guy Fawkes Day on November 5 . [ 3 ]
In Canada
According to some historians , the first celebration of Thanksgiving in North America occurred during the 1578 voyage of Martin Frobisher from England in search of the Northwest Passage . [ 4 ] Other researchers , however , state that `` there is no compelling narrative of the origins of the Canadian Thanksgiving day . `` [ 5 ]
The origins of Canadian Thanksgiving are also sometimes traced to the French settlers who came to New France in the 17th century , who celebrated their successful harvests . The French settlers in the area typically had feasts at the end of the harvest season and continued throughout the winter season , even sharing food with the indigenous peoples of the area . [ 6 ]
As settlers arrived in Nova Scotia from New England after 1700 , late autumn Thanksgiving celebrations became commonplace . New immigrants into the country—such as the Irish , Scottish , and Germans—also added their own traditions to the harvest celebrations . Most of the US aspects of Thanksgiving ( such as the turkey ) were incorporated when United Empire Loyalists began to flee from the United States during the American Revolution and settled in Canada . [ 6 ]
In the United States
Pilgrims and Puritans who emigrated from England in the 1620s and 1630s carried the tradition of Days of Fasting and Days of Thanksgiving with them to New England . The modern Thanksgiving holiday tradition is traced to a well-recorded 1619 events in Virginia and a sparsely documented 1621 celebration at Plymouth in present-day Massachusetts . The 1619 arrival of 38 English settlers at Berkeley A Hundred in Charles City County , Virginia , concluded with a religious celebration as dictated by the group 's charter from the London Company , which specifically required `` that the day of our ships arrival at the place assigned ... in the land of Virginia shall be yearly and perpetually kept holy as a day of thanksgiving to Almighty God . '' The 1621 Plymouth feast and thanksgiving was prompted by a good harvest . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Several days of Thanksgiving were held in early New England history that have been identified as the `` First Thanksgiving '' , including Pilgrim holidays in Plymouth in 1621 and 1623 , and a Puritan holiday in Boston in 1631 . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] According to historian Jeremy Bangs , director of the Leiden American Pilgrim Museum , the Pilgrims may have been influenced by watching the annual services of Thanksgiving for the relief of the siege of Leiden in 1574 , while they were staying in Leiden . [ 11 ] Now called Oktober Feest , Leiden 's autumn thanksgiving celebration in 1617 was the occasion for sectarian disturbance that appears to have accelerated the pilgrims ' plans to emigrate to America . [ 12 ] Later in Massachusetts , religious thanksgiving services were declared by civil leaders such as Governor Bradford , who planned the colony 's thanksgiving celebration and fast in 1623 . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] The practice of holding an annual harvest festival did not become a regular affair in New England until the late 1660s . [ 16 ]
Thanksgiving proclamations were made mostly by church leaders in New England up until 1682 , and then by both state and church leaders until after the American Revolution . During the revolutionary period , political influences affected the issuance of Thanksgiving proclamations . Various proclamations were made by royal governors , John Hancock , General George Washington , and the Continental Congress , [ 17 ] each giving thanks to God for events favorable to their causes . [ 18 ] As President of the United States , George Washington proclaimed the first nationwide thanksgiving celebration in America marking November 26 , 1789 , `` as a day of public thanksgiving and prayer , to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many and signal favours of Almighty God '' . [ 19 ]
Debate about the nation 's first celebrations
Shrine of the first U.S. Thanksgiving in 1619 at Berkeley A Hundred in Charles City County , Virginia
The question of where the first Thanksgiving was held in the United States has been a subject of debate , primarily between New England and Virginia , complicated by the concept of Thanksgiving as a holiday celebration versus a religious service . James Baker maintains , `` The American holiday 's true origin was the New England Calvinist Thanksgiving . Never coupled with a Sabbath meeting , the Puritan observances were special days set aside during the week for thanksgiving and praise in response to God 's providence . `` [ 9 ] Baker calls the debate a `` tempest in a beanpot '' and `` marvelous nonsense '' based on regional claims . [ 9 ] However , the day for Thanksgiving services specifically codified in the founding charter of Berkeley A Hundred in 1619 was instrumental in President John F. Kennedy 's attempt to strike a compromise between the regional claims , by issuing Proclamation 3560 on November 5 , 1963 , stating , `` Over three centuries ago , our forefathers in Virginia and in Massachusetts , far from home in a lonely wilderness , set aside a time of thanksgiving . On the appointed day , they gave reverent thanks for their safety , for the health of their children , for the fertility of their fields , for the love which bound them together , and for the faith which united them with their God . `` [ 20 ]
Other claims include an earlier religious service by Spanish explorers in Texas at San Elizario in 1598 . [ 21 ] Robyn Gioia and Michael Gannon of the University of Florida argue that the earliest Thanksgiving service in what is now the United States was celebrated by the Spanish on September 8 , 1565 , in current Saint Augustine , Florida . [ 22 ] [ 23 ]
Canada
The earlier Thanksgiving celebrations in Canada have been attributed to the earlier onset of winter in the North , thus ending the harvest season earlier . [ 24 ] Thanksgiving in Canada did not have a fixed date until the late 19th century . Prior to Canadian Confederation , many of the individual colonial governors of the Canadian provinces had declared their own days of Thanksgiving . The first official Canadian Thanksgiving occurred on April 15 , 1872 , when the nation was celebrating the Prince of Wales ' recovery from a serious illness . [ 24 ] By the end of the 19th century , Thanksgiving Day was normally celebrated on November 6 . However , when World War I ended , the Armistice Day holiday was usually held during the same week . To prevent the two holidays from clashing with one another , in 1957 the Canadian Parliament proclaimed Thanksgiving to be observed on its present date on the second Monday of October . [ 6 ]
United States
Thanksgiving in the United States was observed on various dates throughout history . From the time of the Founding Fathers until the time of Lincoln , the date Thanksgiving was observed varied from state to state . The final Thursday in November had become the customary date in most U.S. states by the beginning of the 19th century , coinciding with and eventually superseding the existing holiday of Evacuation Day ( a day commemorating the British exit from the United States following the Revolutionary War ) . [ citation needed ] Modern Thanksgiving was first officially called for in all states in 1863 by a presidential proclamation of Abraham Lincoln . Influenced by the campaigning of author Sarah Josepha Hale , who wrote letters to politicians for around 40 years trying to make it an official holiday , Lincoln proclaimed a national Thanksgiving on the final Thursday in November , explicitly in celebration of the bounties that had continued to fall on the Union and for the military successes in the war . [ 25 ] Because of the ongoing Civil War , a nationwide Thanksgiving date was not realized until Reconstruction was completed in the 1870s .
On October 31 , 1939 , President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed a presidential proclamation changing the holiday to the next to last Thursday in November , for business reasons . [ 26 ] On December 26 , 1941 , he signed a joint resolution of Congress changing the national Thanksgiving Day from the last Thursday in November to the fourth Thursday . [ 27 ]
Since 1971 , when the American Uniform Monday Holiday Act took effect , the American observance of Columbus Day has coincided with the Canadian observance of Thanksgiving . [ 28 ] [ 29 ]
The 51-year-old teacher appeared , fully clothed , at the criminal court in Périguex , in the Dordogne on Monday where he defended his right to hike without clothes .
The accused said his nude trek through the woods of La Roche-Chalais back in February was simply so he could be in “ harmony with nature ” .
`` Practicing naked hiking gives me a form of well-being and it allows me to recharge my batteries , to take a break from the everyday life , '' the accused told the court .
He said he could “ never imagine ” that his act could be interpreted as indecent exposure and his lawyer Tewfik Bouzenoune told the court that on spotting the mother and child he launched himself into the bushes to hide and ended up with scratches all over his body .
However his bare bottomed stroll was not appreciated by one shocked woman who spotted the naked teacher as she was walking with her son .
The woman noted down the registration number of the man 's car and immediately called the police , who tracked him down and sent him to court , this time with his clothes on .
If found guilty of indecent exposure he could face up to one year in prison and a €15,000 fine . More worrying for the accused is that his name would be added to the sex offenders list .
He has pleaded with the judge that he is spared this fate , claiming his job would be on the line .
His lawyer Bouzenoune , however , has asked for the case to be sent to a higher court , which would have the power to better define indecent exposure , to avoid more naturists being hauled before the law .
That call was backed by naturists themselves , around 20 or so of whom turned up outside the court in Périgueux to support the teacher and demand access to more naturist areas .
The court 's decision will be delivered later in the year .
This is not the first time a naturist in France has walked into a spot of bother with the law . In May The Local reported how an Irish nudist had to beg forgiveness after wandering into a priory and sending pulses racing among a group of nuns .
( CNN ) -- China 's Li Na took down the No . 4 seed Caroline Wozniacki at the Australian Open on Monday in Melbourne , following compatriot Zheng Jie into the quarterfinals -- the first time Chinese women have made it this far in the season 's first Grand Slam .
Though Li , the No . 16 seed , had 34 unforced errors compared to Wozniacki 's 22 , she also nailed 21 winners against three for her opponent . She also made 70 percent of her break point conversions as opposed to 42 percent by Wozniacki .
`` Against her , you need to just play on your highest level the whole match through and keep concentrated and keep a lot of balls in play , '' Wozniacki told australianopen.com .
Of the original top five women 's seeds , only No . 1 Serena Williams is still in competition . Her sister , the No . 6 seed Venus , fought off a challenge on Monday from Italy 's Francesca Schiavone ( 17 ) to advance , 6-3 , 6-2 , 6-1 .
Schiavone hit five aces compared to none for Williams , but she also made more unforced errors -- 32 -- as opposed to 29 for her opponent .
`` She played really well in the first set . I have to give her credit . She just played really aggressively . You know , she was making her shots , doing everything she needed to do to win the match , '' Williams told australianopen.com . `` But , you know , obviously it takes a lot to close out a match , especially on an important match like that one . I was able just to get some footing back in and start to execute the way I wanted to . ''
Williams will face Li Na -- whom she lost to in the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
`` She 's a very good player , '' Wiliams told the Web site . `` Obviously to beat Wozniacki , you have to play very well consistently . I 'm sure she did that . Probably will try to do that in the next round . ''
Others in the quarterfinals include former world number one Justine Henin , Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova .
Zheng Jie on Sunday became the first Chinese player to make the last eight of the Australian Open by beating Ukraine 's Alona Bondarenko 7-6 6-4 . She next faces the unseeded Kirilenko , who put out former champion Maria Sharapova in the first round .
Things are getting downright kooky in Auburn Hills .
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles has become quite chatty in the past day , with company spokespersons confirming bizarre new details about the upcoming Dodge Challenger SRT Demon . Apparently , the beastly LX-platform variant is a real stripper .
Yes , to shed as much weight as possible from the Challenger Hellcat 's considerable mass , the mysterious Demon with make do without many of the things we 've come to associate with modern automobiles .
Including seats .
No , the driver wo n't be required to bring his or her own milk crate , but they sure wo n't find themselves engaged in stimulating discussion . That 's because they 'll be alone .
When Dodge finally brings its devilish creation to consumers , the model will boast a single seat . Gone are the front passenger seat and rear bench . This , along with other notable deletions ( described in detail by Motor Authority ) , is FCA 's easy and fast route to shedding 215 pounds from the vehicle 's weight . The missing seats alone account for 113 pounds of weight loss .
When we say this vehicle is a stripper , we mean it in the real , junkyard sense of the word . The automaker plans to ditch all but two stereo speakers , leaving one in each door , while scrapping 18 pounds of sound insulation . Those speakers had better be loud . Also on the list of missing components are the spare tire and trunk liner .
While it seems that FCA engineers simply tore down the model French Connection-style , there are also a few factory add-ons to help the model 's slim-fast regimen . Dodge has seen fit to add narrower , hollow sway bars ( shaving 19 pounds ) , 18×11-inch aluminum wheels ( 16 pounds ) , and smaller-diameter , 2-piece , 4-piston aluminum Brembos ( 16 pounds ) .
In a way , it 's a lot like the desperate weight-saving program that spawned the 1979 Chrysler R-bodies , only this one is steeped in performance , not malaise . Wider rubber and less weight equals an acceleration and handling boost , even if the Hellcat 's 707-horsepower V8 remains unchanged . However , few expect that mill to stay stock in Demon guise .
Some have said that the removal of extraneous seats makes this Dodge the ultimate bad-ass driving machine , but there 's something dangerously antisocial about a 4,200-pound car with only one seat . It 's like flying a kite at night . No one fully trusts the person doing that .
Luckily , it sounds like performance-minded drivers who like mingling with other humans will have a choice . Autoblog reports that rear and front passenger seats will remain on the options list . For a fee , a warm , loving couple can drive straight to hell in their new Demon .
Expect to see the vehicle revealed in full at the New York Auto Show in April .
[ Image : Fiat Chrysler Automobiles ]
The 2012 Ardennes Week comes to its climax this Sunday ( April 22 ) on a little climb in Ans , Belgium , the finish line of the Liège-Bastogne-Liège classic . It 's unlike the two previous Ardennes Classics with its history and climber-friendly parcours . Also , it boasts a clear favourite : defending champ , Philippe Gilbert .
The Belgian from BMC Racing grew up near the Côte de la Redoute climb , where he dreamt about emulating Moreno Argentin and Sean Kelly . Last year , he finally won Liège and became only the second rider to capture the Ardennes Triple Crown .
He 's been fighting with his form this year , but his trajectory has him on course for victory in Ans . On Wednesday , he placed third behind Joaquin Rodriguez ( Katusha ) and Michael Albasini ( GreenEdge ) in Flèche Wallonne . He placed 12th last Sunday in Amstel Gold .
“ I 'm getting better , ” Gilbert said , mud-faced after crossing the line on Wednesday in Huy . “ I think I can win Liège , the most important one . ”
To win , he 'll have to conquer 11 climbs in 257.5 kilometres . The race travels from Liège 's Saint-Lambert square , south to Bastogne , north by Gilbert 's home and on to Ans . The climbs are steep and frequent in the final , northern leg . The most famous climb is La Redoute , but La Roche aux Faucons climb may be the most important since its inclusion as the penultimate climb in 2008 .
“ If you look back 10 years , the race was always decided on La Redoute , ” Andy Schleck ( RadioShack-Nissan ) told Cycling Weekly . “ Now , everyone waits on La Redoute for La Roche , which is harder . ”
Last year , Schleck attacked on La Roche and formed the winning trio with brother Fränk and Gilbert .
Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2012 : The contenders
Philippe Gilbert ( BMC Racing )
The Belgian Champion appears the most confident of the Liege contenders . “ I 'm feeling better each passing day , ” he explained . Though he has n't won yet , he seems ready to break through in his home race based on previous results .
Joaquin Rodriguez ( Katusha )
Did you see the Spaniard 's attack on the Mur de Huy on Wednesday ? No one has done that since… Well , since last year when Gilbert won and paved his way to an Ardennes treble . Rodriguez clearly has the legs to become only the eighth rider to win the Fleche/Liege double .
Damiano Cunego ( Lampre-ISD )
Unlike the other favourites , the Italian went home to race the Giro del Trentino after Amstel Gold . He won a mountain stage on Wednesday and proved ready to win Liege . By doing so , he 'll add to the Tour of Lombardy ( three times ) and Amstel ( 2008 ) .
Andy and Frank Schleck ( RadioShack-Nissan )
Last year , the brothers seemed as though they gave Gilbert the final victory , refusing even a token attack in the last 20km . Andy said , “ After 250km it 's not easy , I can tell you that. ” He appears ready to attack again this year judging by Wednesday 's moves in Flèche . He 'll want to eliminate the punchy rider , like Rodriguez and Gilbert , for his brother .
Vincenzo Nibali ( Liquigas-Cannondale )
Out of all the monuments , Lombardy and Liege suit Grand Tour riders the most . Nibali has come close in both races , including an eighth place last year in Ans . The 2010 Vuelta a Espana winner is on his way , winning a stage in Oman and the Tirreno-Adriatico overall this year . Look for him to work with the Schlecks .
Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2012 : Climbs
Start : 0km – Liege
70.0km – Côte de La Roche-en-Ardennes ( 2.8km long , 6.2 % )
116.5km – Côte de Saint-Roch ( 1.0km long , 11 % )
160.0km – Côte de Wanne ( 2.7km long , 7.3 % )
166.5km – Côte de Stockeu ( 1.0km long , 12.2 % )
172.0km – Côte de la Haute-Levée ( 3.6km long , 5.7 % )
185.0km – Col du Rosier ( 4.4km long , 5.9 % )
198.0km – Côte du Maquisard ( 2.5km long , 5 % )
208.0km – Mont-Theux ( 2.7km long , 5.9 % )
223.0km – Côte de La Redoute ( 2.0km long , 8.8 % )
238.0km – Côte de La Roche aux Faucons ( 1.5km long , 9.3 % )
252.0km – Côte de Saint-Nicolas ( 1.2km long , 8.6 % )
Finish : 257.5km – Ans
Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2012 : Teams
Accent Jobs-Willems Verandas
Ag2r La Mondiale
Argos-Shimano
Astana
Europcar
Euskaltel-Euskadi
FDJ-BigMat
Garmin-Barracuda
GreenEdge
Katusha
Lampre-ISD
Landbouwkrediet
Liquigas-Cannondale
Lotto-Belisol
Movistar
Omega Pharma-QuickStep
Rabobank
RadioShack-Nissan
Saur-Sojasun
Saxo Bank
Sky
Topsport Vlaanderen-Mercator
Type 1-Sanofi
Vacansoleil-DCM
Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2012 : TV guide
Digital channel British Eurosport will be showing live coverage and edited highlights of Liege-Bastogne-Liege .
Sunday April 22 , 14:00-16:00 , LIVE Liege-Bastogne-Liege , British Eurosport
Sunday April 22 , 22:00-23:00 , Liege-Bastogne-Liege highlights , British Eurosport
Philippe Gilbert wins in 2011
Liege-Bastogne-Liege : Recent winners
2011 Philippe Gilbert ( Bel )
2010 Alexandre Vinokourov ( Kaz )
2009 Andy Schleck ( Lux )
2008 Alejandro Valverde ( Spa )
2007 Danilo Di Luca ( Ita )
2006 Alejandro Valverde ( Spa )
2005 Alexandre Vinokourov ( Kaz )
2004 Davide Rebellin ( Ita )
2003 Tyler Hamilton ( USA )
2002 Paolo Bettini ( Ita )
Liege-Bastogne-Liege : Last year 's top ten ( 2011 )
1 . Philippe Gilbert ( Bel ) Omega Pharma-Lotto 255km in 6-13-18
2 . Frank Schleck ( Lux ) Leopard-Trek
3 . Andy Schleck ( Lux ) Leopard-Trek at same time
4 . Roman Kreuziger ( Cze ) Astana at 24secs
5 . Rigoberto Uran ( Col ) Team Sky
6 . Chris Sorensen ( Den ) Saxo Bank-Sungard
7 . Greg Van Avermaet ( Bel ) BMC Racing Team at 27secs
8 . Vincenzo Nibali ( Ita ) Liquigas at 29secs
9 . Bjorn Leukemans ( Bel ) Vacansoleil-DCM at 39secs
10 . Samuel Sanchez ( Spa ) Euskaltel-Euskadi at same time
Related links
Spring Classics 2012 : Coverage index
He drove a 1967 Austin-Healey Sprite from Land 's End to Edinburgh
Advertisement
It 's an intriguing prospect – a true-blue 669-mile road trip all the way from Land 's End to Edinburgh . And this is exactly the adventure that Middle England 's Tory revolt has opened up .
You can now travel the length of England and deep into Scottish territory while passing only through Conservative constituencies . As Boris Johnson , might say : ‘ Huzzah ' .
So without a moment to lose , I have started planning my odyssey in a true British classic – a 1967 Austin-Healey Sprite , owned by 21-year-old Ben Rolls from Sherborne , Dorset .
It 's an intriguing prospect – a true-blue 669-mile road trip all the way from Land 's End to Edinburgh , writes ADAM LEE POTTER . And this is exactly the adventure that Middle England 's Tory revolt has opened up . You can now travel the length of England and deep into Scottish territory while passing only through Conservative constituencies . As Boris Johnson , might say : ‘ Huzzah '
It seems simple : keep west of Bristol and nip through the West Midlands , slink up into High Peak and past Carlisle and you 're there – poised like a blue mamba on the SNP 's doorstep .
The South West of England is now as blue as Dorset 's famous Vinny cheese . It is as if the Lib Dems never existed .
On the road : Adam Lee Potter and his Austin-Healey Sprite stop off in Tory Yeovil
Yeovil Old Boy Paddy Ashdown would be turning in his grave – if he were n't still alive .
Red Exeter stands alone until you hit Bristol , another angry little cluster . Push on up to Stroud and through Middle England , a wedge of blue .
You ca n't get bluer than the Cotswolds , but the West Midlands holds the key to the Conservative sea change .
When Labour 's number one target seat , Warwickshire North , declared at 4am not just a Tory hold but an upswing of 3 per cent , David Cameron had it in the bag .
With the wind in my hair , I 'll whistle up through High Peak in Derbyshire .
Here is the biggest challenge of all : a land-locked corridor that cheekily slips between red Greater Manchester and West Yorkshire , a narrow belt of single file constituencies , perilous as a sniper 's alley .
Thank goodness for Colne Valley , Calder Valley and Keighley – now a Conservative haven , despite being the birthplace of Tony Blair 's spittle-flecked old chum Alistair Campbell .
Left at Scotch Corner and on we go , into Penrith .
Up past Carlisle and the die is cast – into Scotland we go at last : Dumfriesshire , Clydesdale and Tweeddale .
At Dolphinton on the A702 , we come to a stop just 21 miles shy of Holyrood , stymied not by one of the Lib Dems ' defunct ‘ red lines ' but by the amber ring of the SNP .
There is but one consolation for poor old Labour .
THE FACTS
For ages , mothers have admonished children at the dinner table to slow down and chew their food . Apparently , they 're onto something .
Researchers have found evidence over the years that when people wolf their food , they end up consuming more calories than they would at a slower pace . One reason is the effect of quicker ingestion on hormones .
Photo
In a study last month , scientists found that when a group of subjects is given an identical serving of ice cream on different occasions , they released more hormones that made them feel full when they ate it in 30 minutes instead of 5 . The scientists took blood samples and measured insulin and gut hormones before , during and after eating . They found that two hormones that signal feelings of satiety , or fullness — glucagon-like peptide-1 and peptide YY — showed a more pronounced response in the slow condition .
Ultimately , that leads to eating less , as another study published in The Journal of the American Dietetic Association suggested in 2008 . In that study , subjects reported greater satiety and consumed roughly 10 percent fewer calories when they ate at a slow pace compared with times when they gobbled down their food . In another study of 3,000 people in The British Medical Journal , those who reported eating quickly and eating until full had triple the risk of being overweight compared with others .
In other words , experts say , it ca n't hurt to slow down and savor your meals .
THE BOTTOM LINE
Eating at a slower pace may increase fullness and reduce caloric intake .
ANAHAD O'CONNOR scitimes @ nytimes.com
The post-Thanksgiving blues have you down ? Never fear , the boys of the Miller Time Podcast are back to regale the team 's pristine excellence and lift your spirits . Jon and Flava Dave recap the T-Wolves and Bobcats win in a two minute drill ( TWO-WAH ! ) and analyze weekend wins over the Wizards and Clippers . There 's discussion of Lance 's near quadruple-double , Paul George 's sweet first half in L.A. , David West 's grown man game and Roy Hibbert 's bitterness towards a certain sports network . In the preview section of the show , the guys look ahead to tonight 's game in Portland and talk about the abysmal Jazz .
Click here to listen to the show in your browser .
Click here to listen to the show on iTunes .
Click here to listen to the show through an RSS feed .
Advertisements
Those rumors about some Google HUD glasses on the horizon were more than a mirage : turns out these things are really happening .
In case holding a phone in your hand and occasionally looking up to scan your surroundings is simply too taxing of a task for you to handle , Google is ushering in a new era of info-searching with what is basically an internet browser for your face . The HUD ( as in heads-up display ) devices are glasses with lenses on which internet displays are projected so that the wearer can access info about whatever they 're looking at without using a computer or smartphone . Alternately , I suppose you could be walking through the Louvre and be crassly checking your Twitter feed simultaneously with the use of the Google HUD glasses . Whatever your purpose for this ocular upgrade is , expect an overlay of information on your world when you use them .
Since my previous example of what you could expect the HUD-enabled vision to look like irked some sci-fi fan boys , I 'm going to delightfully reuse that example . Looking through the HUD glasses may resemble something like this :
The New York Times had the opportunity to speak with thou-shalt-not-be-named Google employees who confirmed that , yes , these HUD glasses will be on the market before the end of 2012 . These insiders also spilled some new information about what to expect from these virtual Voltrons , such as that it will operate on Android ( no surprise , there ) , a low-res built-in camera that will be able to identify the locations you 're looking at , and will have either a 3G or 4G connection .
One of the key people involved with the glasses is Steve Lee , a Google engineer and creator of the Google mapping software , Latitude . As a result of Mr. Lee 's involvement , location information will be paramount in the first version released to the public , several people who have seen the glasses said . The other key leader on the glasses project is Sergey Brin , Google 's co-founder , who is currently spending most of his time in the Google X labs . The glasses will send data to the cloud and then use things like Google Latitude to share location , Google Goggles to search images and figure out what is being looked at , and Google Maps to show other things nearby , the Google employee said . “ You will be able to check in to locations with your friends through the glasses , ” they added .
The Times report does n't verify whether to expect a Cr-48 beta-style of testing but it does mention that Google 's intent is to make these HUD glasses available to anybody and everybody for the cool-ish price of $ 250 to $ 600 . So get excited , tourists .
While these glasses are surely going to be fun to play with , I ca n't help but snicker at the meta-humor involved with Google basically applying Street View to actual streets . When did merely walking around and kindly enjoying the mysterious surroundings of a new environment become so boring to everybody ?
Before we begin let me be clear that I am only responding to an article by Scott Santens entitled Deep Learning is Going to Teach us the Lesson of Our Lives : Jobs are for Machines . I want to do a full length study at some point on the UBI and my problems with it but I have a bunch of articles on the backlog left to go , so I 'll hold off till a better time .
Instead , I want to address Santens section on Decoupling Income from Work which has the most to do with UBI . Additionally I focus on this section not only because of its specific focus on UBI but because I agree with just about everything prior and still come out being very critical and skeptical of the UBI .
Let 's start with the basics :
The idea is to put machines to work for us , but empower ourselves to seek out the forms of remaining work we as humans find most valuable , by simply providing everyone a monthly paycheck independent of work . This paycheck would be granted to all citizens unconditionally , and its name is universal basic income .
I did a basic skimming of Santens link where he argues that we need to create various types of taxes to distribute income levels in just the right way . The “ we ” of course means the federal government , who does n't exactly have the best track record when it comes to the word “ fair ” or “ justice ” . But we 'll leave that to the side for now and come back to it later .
Now , I agree with the intent here . Making us empowered to seek out the forms of work we find valuable that are n't dominated by machines seems like a great idea to me . Hell , industries like music practically revolve around technology doing much of the work for us at this point , but this has hardly stopped musicians from producing more music than ever .
In any case , I do n't find the answer simple and I do n't think it 's going to be as easy as Santens and other UBI proponents would like it to be . A “ monthly paycheck ” is first and foremost a lot of money per citizen in the US and according to the Debt Clock , the US is over 19 trillion dollars in debt . Worse still this amount does n't include the debt that local or state governments may or may be in and when we think of cities like Detroit , we have to imagine it 'll add quite a bit .
The Debt Clock also estimates that each individual person in the US owes a federal debt of almost 60,000 dollars .
So I have a very basic question for Santens : What is the UBI solution to this ?
I 'm familiar with the Jubilee Debt movement so I am curious whether Santens thinks this is a way to avoid the issue of debt that the federal government is already in . Personally , I agree with Kevin Carson and Erick Vasconcelos of the Center for a Stateless Society ( C4SS ) that government debt is foundationally immoral and a way to prop up state-capitalism . And so even if there was some way to deal with the national debt , I am not convinced the UBI would be adequate .
More to the point , I think where Santens and other UBI folks praise both markets and ways to help the least off amongst society would have much in common with those at C4SS . I speak from an in-group bias here being a member myself but I think there is much to learn on both sides from what the future holds for society .
For example , I learned much about robotic automation from Santens :
Amelia is just one AI out there currently being beta-tested in companies right now . Created by IPsoft over the past 16 years , she 's learned how to perform the work of call center employees . She can learn in seconds what takes us months , and she can do it in 20 languages . Because she 's able to learn , she 's able to do more over time . In one company putting her through the paces , she successfully handled one of every ten calls in the first week , and by the end of the second month , she could resolve six of ten calls . Because of this , it 's been estimated that she can put 250 million people out of a job , worldwide . Viv is an AI coming soon from the creators of Siri who 'll be our own personal assistant . She 'll perform tasks online for us , and even function as a Facebook News Feed on steroids by suggesting we consume the media she 'll know we 'll like best . In doing all of this for us , we 'll see far fewer ads , and that means the entire advertising industry — that industry the entire Internet is built upon — stands to be hugely disrupted .
And of course then there 's Atlas for manual labor .
And I definitely agree that all of this makes it more likely that we can all work with what we want to do . But unfortunately what we want and do n't want is something that 's controlled by outside forces . Namely it 's controlled by a collusion between capitalists and governments who have very big interests in harnessing technology themselves .
Think of all of the Marvel movies that we 've all watched ( Iron Man , Hulk , Ant-Man , Spider-Man , etc . ) which centered around great technological breakthroughs that were immediately seized upon by the military industrial complex . I do n't think this plot-line occurring over all of these different movies is just artistic laziness but rather the sad reality that those with the most material wealth may get first access to technologies we want to harness for liberation .
My argument is n't therefore we should abandon technology , I am very much in favor of technology and using it for liberatory purposes . But I do n't thnik technological unemployment will do this unless we have the proper incentive structures and relations to technology itself . That means making radical changes to the economic and social systems that we live in , namely state-capitalism .
One last point on the first passage :
This paycheck would be granted to all citizens unconditionally , and its name is universal basic income ( emphasis added )
I have a few concerns about this :
Why would borders matter so much in a world where most of the jobs are automated ? Are we going to program robots to care about things like nationalities and what plot of land they 're built on ? If so , why ? The effect of this would seem to reinforce the notion of “ citizens ” but I 'm not exactly sure what counts as a citizen . And for what type of government ? The federal government ? How would this affect the immigration issues we face now exactly ? These are all big lingering questions that I 'm quite aware Santens did n't have time to answer but more generally I 've not seen many thoughts on immigration and the UBI . Given these first two things I have a fairly large concern about the UBI extenuating out-group bias against people who are n't citizens . Governments tend to do a very good job ( historically speaking ) of making us fear “ outsiders ” and reinforcing the privileges that white folks get at the expense of people of color and “ foreigners ” . Whose to say that the government could n't use the UBI as just another way to reinforce anti-foreign bias as well ? Is n't the universal in universal basic income rather non-universal if it only applies to “ citizens ” ? I 'm not trying to be condescending or coy here with Santens or UBI proponents . I 'm genuinely confused how a proponent could be entitled universal and then rely on a distinction that has been one of the most violent and alienating throughout history . A distinction that has led to the displacement of billions of people over the course of centuries and the deaths of many many more . A distinction that continues to leave many bodies strung out along the Mexican border and many other places where this notion of being a “ citizen ” really matters . Being slightly less rhetoric heavy though , if borders are not going to be as much of a fact in a technologically advanced society ( and I do n't see why they would be ) then what does a “ citizen ” mean ?
I realize these are all big questions and I 'm not asking them to claim I have all of the answers . I think Santens and other UBI proponents have laudable aims and goals , but I think their methodology is flawed and I 'm skeptical of their premises when it comes to the nature of power . Specifically , I 'm skeptical of how they understand systems of power like governments and capitalism . It does n't seem to me like they 're quite grabbing at the roots of systematic inequality .
To be sure , there are different kinds of UBI proponents and some of them I am more sympathetic to than others . For example , some UBI proponents merely see it as a transitional way to get to an anarchist society . And I 'm certainly more on board with that then having the UBI being some sort of end-state for us to strive towards .
In the end though my end-state is the end of the state and I do n't see the UBI getting us there .
Continuing with the rest of the original passage :
I agree that all of these aims are laudable and I share them myself , but I think that anarchism is a much better model to understand these aims than reformist ones . The phenomenon of regulatory capture acts as a deterrent for the state to undergo meaningful change for one thing . This makes the process of trying to “ reclaim ” the state from both business and legislative interests a rather time-consuming process .
Instead of seeing the state as a system to be saved we should see it as a system to leave behind . We should be working on people-powered mutual aid networks to better immunize from the negative effects of automation . We can decrease the risks inherent in entrepreneurship by treating the states regulatory practices as damage and routing around them . And hell , there 's no better way to decrease the sizes of bureaucracies than abolishing the government !
In order and briefly :
Mutual aid networks made up of varying currencies , time-banks , worker cooperatives and more can all strengthen communities resolve under both internal and external pressures from authorities . This helps them be more open to experiment freely with different economic models based on voluntary exchange and mutual benefit . The state is constantly in the business of making entrepreneurship harder and this is especially relevant when we talk about lower-class folks who are trying to scratch by . As far as many lower class people are concerned ( or should be concerned ) the government is n't their friend when it comes to creating economic opportunities . With this in mind they should do as much as possible to treat the existing order and its dictates as damage to route around . If we want to be serious about decreasing the amount of bureaucracy in the world then I ca n't think of a better way to do that then through the lens of anarchism . Such a lens would not only treat government forms of bureaucracy with a critical eye but also corporate bureaucracy as well . This analysis results in a society where we have a much more diverse , flatter , horizontal and resilient economy .
Now you could counter by saying that all of that is a bit vague but that 's not really the point given that Santens is n't much more specific on how the UBI would actually work in practice . But if you want some historical ideas of anarchist praxis I 'd recommend reading Voltairine de Cleyre 's Direct Action as a primer .
In any case , the existence of “ cross-partisan ” support and the beginning of implementation in other countries with ( mostly ) very different population sizes , cultures and histories is n't very assuring to me . The obvious exception however is Canada and so in that case I 'll wait with interest of what happens there . But comparing these European countries to America has never seemed like a very analogous situation to me for the aforementioned reasons .
. . .
The UBI is an issue I struggle with because as an anti-work proponent I see that the intentions behind the UBI proponents are similar to my own . And not only that but we often share similar premises and end-goals , e.g . we want a lot less people to work and focus on whatever they want to actually do in their lives . And as I said , folks who see the UBI simply as a transitional state ( pun intended ? ) to anarchism are more deserving of some interest .
But in the end , I think the means are inextricably tied to the ends .
Meaning our aims ca n't come at the disadvantage of our ends to such a significant degree that they underminine the ends . And unfortunately , I think the UBI ( at least at its worst ) tends to do just that . At it 's best I 'd argue that the UBI is simply a distraction or ( mostly ) harmless way for us to think about distribution under different lens . And those things can be good things to do but I do n't think UBI proponents consider issues of governance enough , generally .
This ties into a larger skepticism I have for reformist attempts more generally . I do n't think that an organization that claims a “ legitimate ” use over the monopolistic right to engage in violence has the proper incentive structure to reform in effective ways . I think it 'll be much more cost and time-effective to organize ourselves , those close to us and our broader communities around our ideals than trying to reform entire national governments .
It is n't that I thnik reforms are everywhere and at all times useless , but rather I accept the anarchist slogan that direct action gets the goods and it will tend to do so much easier and more effectively than working within the system . That does n't mean if we have a reform that 's practical and moral that we should n't go for it , should we not have any better alternatives . I just do n't thnik the UBI ( or many reform attempts honestly ) would fit into that rather niche category .
This is n't even getting into the myriad of issues with Santens proposal of how a UBI would work through his various tax proposals . Or the studies he references about free money , but like I said , I do n't want to go much further than this article .
I 'll save that for another time .
If you enjoyed this article you can support my own UBI via Patreon !
The Islamic State militant who appeared in a video showing the execution of American journalist James Foley last month was known to British intelligence officials as a collector for London-based Arab charities before he traveled to Syria over a year ago , according to a new report .
The Daily Mirror reported Tuesday that the jihadist , known as `` John '' because of his association with a group of three other Islamic State fighters called `` The Beatles '' by hostages , had been identified by the British security service MI5 . The paper also reported MI5 has briefed FBI agents who have traveled to the U.K. seeking more information on `` John '' and to arrest his associates .
`` MI5 has identified this man and they have known exactly who he is for some time , '' the paper quoted a source as saying . `` He was even being looked at before he travelled abroad . `` At the time he was considered a very low-level risk because he was merely believed to be making street collections . Like so many jihadists before him , he then seems to have become radicalized almost overnight and disappeared to travel to the Middle East . ''
The Mirror reported Monday that U.S. intelligence analysts have used facial recognition technology to provide an image of `` John '' based solely on the man 's eyes .
`` We are 99.9 percent certain now as to who 'John ' is , '' an American source told the paper , `` but investigators have had to tread softly in charting and approaching his wider network in the U.K. '' British intelligence officials told the paper that they would reveal the man 's true identity `` within days . ''
`` John '' came to global prominence in the video depicting Foley 's beheading that was released on August 19 . Speaking in a British accent with a distinct London inflection , `` John '' addressed President Barack Obama , saying that Foley 's death was in response to airstrikes carried out by the U.S. against Islamic State , also known as ISIS , in Iraq .
The paper also reported that intelligence officials believe they have identified the other two main members of `` The Beatles . '' The group has beheaded Foley and fellow American journalist Steven Sotloff and has threatened to kill British hostage David Haines .
It is not clear whether `` John '' actually carried out Foley 's beheading or whether his appearance in the video was strictly for propaganda purposes . A similar video shows a masked militant beheading Sotloff , but it is also not clear that he and `` John '' are the same person .
Meanwhile , the Mirror reported that the FBI , working with local police forces , had identified twelve suspects who helped `` John '' by providing him with money and contacts , as well as assisting him with travel to Syria .
The Mirror reported that the suspects are all British and most of them are based in the West Midlands of England . Some of them are already known to British security sources , having been linked to previously foiled terror attacks on the U.K .
Click for more from The Daily Mirror .
× New study says women who eat an apple a day might have better sex
ROME , ITALY – Now here 's a juicy story with some real sex a “ peel ” ! A new study suggests woman who eat apples daily , might be better in the sack . Ironic , because the sweet fruit “ also ” comes in a sack . How do you like them apples ?
The fruity find published in the “ Archives of Gynecology and Obstetrics ” says scientists took 781 Italian woman , aged 18 to 43 , and split them into two groups . Roughly half of them were asked to eat an apple a day . The others were told to stay away from the forbidden fruit .
At the end of 8 months , the woman were asked to fill out a steamy questionnaire regarding their sex life . The core group of women who munched on apples daily scored higher on the survey , suggesting the fruit eaters had better “ lubrication and overall sexual function ” . There 's nothing like a bushel of apples to make you happy !
One theory behind the juicy find , just like chocolate and red wine , apples contain polyphenois and antioxidants which can increase blood flow to the genitalia . And everybody knows that a well-oiled machine , just works better ! So ladies remember , an apple a day might keep the medical doctor away , but it also could make your “ doctor of love ” keep coming back for more .
May 1 , 2017 , 2:29 PM GMT / Updated May 1 , 2017 , 2:29 PM GMT / Source : Associated Press
MONTREAT , N.C. — A private North Carolina Christian college is insisting that its faculty and staff sign a document that opposes same-sex marriage and abortion . One faculty member says she and eight of her colleagues have refused to sign it and are leaving the school .
News media outlets report that part of Montreat College 's `` Community Life Covenant '' expects those who work there to affirm `` the sanctity of marriage between one man and one woman '' and the `` worth of every human being from conception to death . ''
Zero Creatives / Getty Images/Westend61
Covenant opponents blame the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association , which contributed $ 100,000 to the college 's scholarship fund last month . The fund is led by Franklin Graham , a Montreat College alumnus and an outspoken opponent of same-sex marriage and abortion . The association has denied any role in the covenant , however .
School spokesman Adam Caress told The Charlotte Observer in an email that only two faculty members — one of its 39 full-time faculty and one of its 142 adjunct faculty — have cited the school 's `` core documents , '' including the covenant , as the reason they will not return to the school after this semester .
Caress said Montreat College spent the past 2 1/2 years `` reviewing and revising '' those core documents in a `` transparent and deliberative process '' that included 13 `` listening sessions , '' during which the school heard and responded to the concerns of faculty , staff , and alumni .
Related : Gay , Christian and Waiting Until Marriage
Corrie Greene , an English teacher at the school who also directs its writing center , said the document does n't just pertain to what faculty do and say in the classroom and on campus . She is among the nine faculty members who said they wo n't be returning .
`` It says we must affirm and uphold the college 's specific spiritual stances in our full 24 hour/seven-day-a-week personal life , '' Greene said . `` I ca n't let somebody else write my personal testimony . In my faith , Christ is constantly showing me something new . ''
A small group of students gathered outside the school library on Wednesday to express concerns about the covenant . Sophomore Bailey Mathews organized the event and said she hoped to persuade college President Paul Maurer to `` consider this a family and reconsider some things and that we can fix our broken family . ''
Mathews also said she plans to leave Montreat College .
`` I was going to stay and I planned on graduating from here , '' she said , `` but now , no . ''
Follow NBC Out on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram
Tom Mockridge lets rip in private on ‘ disputes , late nights and grief ' over phone hacking
By David Hencke , Mark Watts and Alex Varley-Winter | 28 October 2013
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's lieutenant in charge of four UK newspapers shares his boss 's fondness for blunt speaking .
And blunt he was at a private meeting with a group of arrested journalists on The Sun . Tom Mockridge , as chief executive of News International , said at the secretly recorded meeting that the company faces total costs from phone hacking of £1 billion .
On Friday , Exaro published a full transcript of the Mockridge meeting with Sun staff , which lasts more than an hour and 10 minutes . The disclosure came after our exposure in July of comments by Murdoch at another private meeting at News International 's headquarters in London .
Today , we upload audio extracts of Mockridge 's key comments , totalling more than 12 minutes . His estimate of News International 's exposure is far higher than the $ 448 million publicly declared by Murdoch 's group so far for costs and potential exposure from both phone hacking at the defunct News of the World and the paying of public officials for information by journalists on The Sun .
News Corporation , as parent company to News International , established the management and standards committee ( MSC ) to collate material to hand over to the police following the phone-hacking affair that closed the News of the World in 2011 .
Mockridge succeeded Rebekah Brooks as News International 's chief executive in 2011 . At the meeting , Mockridge makes clear his regret over the scale of co-operation that the group gave to the police .
He says : “ The company made the big decision 15 months ago , 18 months ago , to say we would do open-heart-surgery co-operation . ”
Asked why News Corporation had not taken a more robust approach , he says : “ With the benefit of hindsight , if whoever had been – it was n't my decision – but if I had been in hindsight and had to make that decision , that 's what you 'd say , ‘ Turn up with a search warrant . ' But unfortunately , it 's just bloody well too late . ”
But he reserved his frankest comments for the lawyers , “ of which there are many and too many ” , referring to them as “ all bastards ” .
In his strong New Zealand accent , he says : “ We 've had plenty of arguments , and disputes , late nights and grief . ”
He also talks about the impact of the closure of the News of the World to the business , and the failure of the Sun on Sunday to fill the gap .
He says : “ The other thing about the News of the World , whatever you thought of it , it was a very profitable newspaper . It was contributing like , £80 million a year to the business . Because it was £1 , it used to do a million a week on average , it was a positive- it was a big positive contributor , and it did a great job on Sunday . But it 's 50p , it 's been- okay , we had a good week last week , where it 's averaging about half a million on there , it did 800 last week . It 's not nearly as financially contributive . ”
Mockridge left News International , since rebranded News UK , last December .
News International declined to answer Exaro 's questions about Mockridge 's comments . In particular , it made no answer as to why Mockridge 's estimate on the company 's exposure to phone hacking was so much larger than the figure publicly declared by the group .
In a one-line statement , a spokesman for News International simply told Exaro : “ Tom Mockridge no longer works for the company . ”
Exaro 's compilation of audio clips from the Mockridge meeting can be downloaded by clicking on the ‘ headphones ' image above . A transcript of the extracts in the audio can be downloaded by clicking on the link below , but we published the full transcript of the Mockridge meeting previously .
Gilbert Flores ' hands were raised when two Bexar County deputies shot and killed him . A former cop who 's trained thousands of state police officers explains why he thinks that 's OK .
Gilbert Flores was already taunting the cops when his mother called 911 the morning of August 28 , 2015 .
“ My son , he 's gone crazy , I think he 's on drugs , I 'm not sure but he 's crazy , ” she told the dispatcher . She 'd heard a woman screaming inside the house that morning , ran to Flores ' room and saw he 'd bloodied his wife 's face in a rage . After he began cursing God and ripping up a Bible , she told her son the devil was living inside him . According to court records , the dispatcher could hear Flores shouting over his mother : “ I 'm going to suicide by cop , so bring a SWAT team , or whoever is going to be ready to pull the trigger because I 'm going to die today. ” Then he grabbed a knife .
Following a chaotic 12-minute struggle , two Bexar County sheriff 's deputies granted his wish . In sworn statements to investigators after the shooting , they said Flores “ started advancing ” toward them when they shot . Neither of their statements mentioned that Flores had his hands above his head . Bystander video that aired on local TV later that night , which showed his hands raised in apparent surrender , quickly went viral .
Flores ' surviving family filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against the county and deputies two weeks after his death . In their defense , the deputies are now arguing that they were justified in shooting Flores because he was still an imminent threat . To make the case , they 're relying on Albert Rodriguez , the former director of the Texas Department of Public Safety ( DPS ) training academy , who this summer penned a report explaining why cops can rightfully shoot and kill someone , even if their hands are clearly raised .
In his report , Rodriguez writes that it 's “ extremely naïve ” to think Flores , even with his hands raised and standing at least 20 feet away , was n't an imminent threat at the moment officers shot and killed him .
Rodriguez is a familiar figure in police shooting cases . By his own estimate , he trained tens of thousands of the state 's licensed peace officers during his 16-year stint as DPS training academy director . According to the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission , where he 's worked since retiring from DPS in 2009 , he 's “ investigated and/or served as an expert in over 250 police officer involved shootings . ”
As I 've written before , police frequently turn to Rodriguez to justify extreme police behavior .
For example , he was involved in defending two Harris County sheriff 's deputies who , in 2002 , chased down a man videotaping a raid in his apartment complex , busted down his door , and roughed up and arrested some people inside before deleting the video . Rodriguez insisted the officers ' actions were justified because they thought the men would somehow “ retaliate ” against them with the footage .
The Houston federal judge on the case , Kenneth Hoyt , delivered a stinging rebuke of Rodriguez 's work , saying his notion of what constitutes justifiable police behavior “ contravenes well-settled legal theories ” and promotes “ lawlessness. ” He also excoriated Rodriguez after concluding that he 'd coached the deputies to make sure their under-oath testimony would support his expert opinions in the case .
Here 's how Hoyt judged Rodriguez 's trustworthiness in that case : “ It is like the cuttlefish squirting out ink in an effort to escape . Rodriguez 's testimony is just another stream of endless , irrepressible repetition of half-truths . ”
Still , Rodriguez continues to testify in cases where people have accused officers of excessive force , such as Bellaire police sergeant Jeffrey Cotton , who on New Year 's Eve 2008 shot Robbie Tolan , an unarmed black man , in his parents ' front yard .
Cotton claimed he fired three bullets because Tolan rose to his feet , reached for his waistband and started to charge the officer . Tolan says he simply lifted his torso off the ground to shout “ Get your fucking hands off my mother ” when he saw Cotton shoving his mom . Experts hired by Tolan 's family said the downward trajectory of the bullet through his body shows Tolan was still on the ground when Cotton shot him . But Rodriguez would later write that his body position did n't matter . Lifting up from the ground and yelling at a cop was , in the heat of the moment , indistinguishable from someone jumping to their feet and charging at an officer with a hand at their waistband . Or , as Rodriguez put it , “ it equates to the same . ”
Months later , a suburban Houston cop gunned down an unarmed teenager named Aaron Hobart inside his home , in front of parents who 'd only called the police for help transporting their agitated , mentally ill son to the hospital . When the family sued , the police department summoned Rodriguez to explain why the officer 's actions were “ consistent with established law-enforcement training. ” He did the same for the off-duty Conroe officer who in July 2013 chased an unarmed teenager into the woods and put a bullet in the back of his head . The teenager 's crime : stealing $ 50 worth of iPad cases from a nearby Walmart .
In depositions recently filed in court , the Bexar County deputies who shot Gilbert Flores two summers ago said they were following supervisors ' orders to “ by all means stop him. ” During the intense , 12-minute struggle that preceded the shooting , Flores tried to stab one deputy , who blocked the attack with a riot shield , according to court records . Deputies had already tried to use a Taser on Flores , but he 'd blocked the prongs with a metal chair he wielded as a shield . At one point , one of the deputies actually shot at Flores to keep him from re-entering the house but missed .
In depositions filed in court , both deputies testified they 'd talked moments before shooting Flores and agreed on “ ending this. ” Video appears to show one deputy turning to face the other before they fire , almost simultaneously . That 's why lawyers for the Flores family argue that the officers ' own statements reveal there was n't an immediate threat when they shot . While the deputies guessed they were 6 to 8 feet away from Flores , court records show at least 20 feet separated the men .
“ At the moment deadly force was used , there was no imminent threat to justify it , ” the plaintiffs wrote in a court filing last month .
But Rodriguez says that you have to think like a cop to understand why , even with his hands up and far away , the deputies were justified in shooting Flores . In his report , he makes much of the fact that Flores “ transferr [ ed ] the knife from his right hand to his left ” in those final moments before he raised his hands above his head . He calls it a clear “ pre-attack indicator ” and gives a long treatise explaining why “ Experienced law enforcement officers are experts at reading ‘ Body Language , ' but not necessarily experts at articulating what they see and/or what they see means to them . ”
In the end , he compares the deputies to bullfighters and Flores to a bull that was dangerous , even if it was n't charging . Ultimately , like so many things in policing , it boils down to a matter of perception . As Rodriguez writes : “ [ A ] spectator may have that perception , however , there is no question that the bullfighter perceives the bull differently than the spectator . ”
If a plan officially proposed in London on Wednesday goes ahead , I wo n't need to travel far to visit the U.K. 's newest national park . I wo n't have to hire a car or buy train tickets . In fact , I wo n't even need to leave my apartment . That 's because the suggested site for the new park is London itself—all of it . Yesterday , the London Assembly passed a motion supporting in principle the creation of a Greater London National Park , a single body covering the whole city , celebrating its many green spaces . The Assembly 's provisional approval has pushed an idea that 's been building momentum for a while far closer to reality .
This would n't be your average national park , of course . The park 's role would not be to control or restrict planning through any additional powers . It would essentially be a coordinator and cheerleader for London 's green assets . A single park could combine conservation efforts and volunteering opportunities currently divided among 33 local authorities and provide a better platform to promote Green London to visitors .
( Greater London National Park campaign )
Certainly there are criticisms , namely that the national park plan wo n't offer a whole lot that is n't being done already . And yet , the park body could still be a real help when it comes to addressing key environmental problems such as rising water levels , coordinating efforts to strengthen and green watercourses , and replacing paving with absorbent surfaces where possible . Internationally , it could also help redress an imbalance that sees far-flung , unpeopled landscapes as inherently more valuable than the green spaces accessible to people living in cities . As the Campaign 's leader Daniel Raven-Ellison writes :
“ Just because the traditional notion of a national park is a rural conservation area , why should n't urban habitats , with their network of green belts , parks , gardens and waterways be afforded the same reverence ? Urban life is just as important as remote rural life , and city dwellers , habitats and landscapes deserve to be conserved , enhanced and promoted too . ”
Stirring talk indeed , but it still might cause some readers to do a double take . After all , this is London—capital of concrete and nest of fumes—that we 're talking about , not some pristine idyll . But before you scoff , read the figures . According to the Greater London National Park campaign , the U.K. capital is verdant and teeming with non-human life . It has 13,000 species of wildlife living within its borders . Its hedges , trees , and ponds are teeming with life . The city has 144 nature reserves within its limits , 1,300 sites recognized by local government as valuable to wildlife , and two wetlands specially conserved for migrating birds . An estimated 60 percent of the city 's area is actually green or open space , or covered by water .
London 's landscape of scruffy beauty deserves celebration and protection .
A lot of this land is n't even made up of parks . London 's unusual leafiness comes partly from being seamed almost throughout with gardens . Lurking behind every row house , rich plant life is sheltered from wind by masonry and turned lush by constant damp . Railway lines grown dense with thickets cut corridors of green through rows of houses too , where commuters can see fox heads poking up among the cow parsley and Buddleia as they rattle by . This landscape of scruffy beauty deserves celebration and protection . It can be just as memorable and formative as any Walden Pond or highland crag .
It was in London , after all , that I grew up skinny-dipping under the stars in woodland lakes ( admittedly , we had to jump a fence or two ) . It was here that I spent teenage evenings smoking while precariously balancing on a long-suffering beech tree . It 's here that I 've seen herons picking away at canal-side reeds , moorhens skidding on thin ice , and grey gardens turning pink and lime-green with flocks of feral parakeets . Whether or not the plan makes it , London has already been a national park to me all my life .
News Release 16-058
Virginia Tech researchers in the Antarctic discover new facets of space weather
Findings by NSF-funded team could improve forecasts of space-weather , which affects the reliability of everything from telecommunications to the electrical grid
Virginia Tech researchers and a graduate student share a meal in Antarctica .
May 12 , 2016
This material is available primarily for archival purposes . Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
A team of National Science Foundation ( NSF ) -supported researchers at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University ( Virginia Tech ) discovered new evidence about how the Earth 's magnetic field interacts with solar wind , almost as soon as they finished installing six data-collection stations across East Antarctic Plateau last January .
Their findings could have significant effects on our understanding of space weather . Although invisible to the naked eye , space weather can have serious , detrimental effects on modern technological infrastructure , including telecommunications , navigation , and electrical power systems .
The researchers for the first time observed that regardless of the hemisphere or the season , the polar ionosphere is subject to a constant electrical current , produced by pressure changes in the solar wind .
`` This finding is a new part of the physics that we need to understand and work with , '' said Robert Clauer , a professor in Virginia Tech 's Bradley Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering . `` It 's a bit of a surprise , because when you have a current , you usually expect a voltage relationship , where resistance and current are inversely related -- high resistance equals small current ; low resistance equals large current . ''
These space weather observations allow researchers to watch how the behavior of the sun and the solar wind -- an unbroken supersonic flow of charged particles from the sun -- changes over time and how the Earth 's magnetic field responds to solar wind variations . The observations help build a detailed , reliable model of space weather .
They hope that eventually space weather forecasting will become as reliable as today 's winter storm warnings .
The project to develop and deploy these autonomous data-collection stations in the Antarctic , funded by a $ 2.7 million NSF award , has progressed over a seven-year period . NSF manages the U.S. Antarctic Program , through which it supports researchers nationwide , provides logistical support to the research and operates three year-round stations in Antarctica .
Clauer and his team designed and hand-built six autonomous data-collection stations and installed them piece-by-piece near the geographic South Pole for initial testing . Following successful testing , the autonomous data-collection stations were placed along the 40-degree magnetic meridian ( longitude ) , deep in the southern polar cap areas under the auroras . The stations , located in the harsh environment of the remote East Antarctic Plateau , are the Southern Hemisphere counterpart to a magnetically similar chain in Greenland .
Clauer and his Magnetosphere-Ionosphere Science team have been monitoring the electric current systems in the magnetosphere -- specifically currents that connect to the ionosphere . During the summer in the Northern Hemisphere , there is more direct sunlight on the atmosphere , which means more atoms are ionized . This phenomenon creates a highly conductive ionosphere in the summer months and a poorly conductive one in the winter .
`` The solar wind interacts with Earth 's magnetic field in a manner similar to a fluid , but an electrically conducting fluid , '' Clauer said .
A chain of data-collection stations in Greenland allowed researchers to take measurements in the Northern Hemisphere . Until recently , these data were divided into summer and winter , and the information gathered during the winter months was used to approximate what was happening in the Southern Hemisphere during the northern summer .
`` We did n't have a full picture of what was happening in the space environment because we could only observe one hemisphere , but magnetic field lines are connected to both hemispheres , '' said Clauer . `` It was important that we look at them simultaneously . ''
The stations run autonomously and are powered by solar cells in the months-long Antarctic summer , and by lead-acid batteries during winter . The stations contain a collection of instruments , including a dual-frequency GPS receiver that tracks signal changes produced by density irregularities in the ionosphere , and two kinds of magnetometers that measure the varying strength and direction of magnetic fields . The data is transmitted to Blacksburg , Virginia , via Iridium satellites .
Clauer 's team will continue collecting information from both sets of data stations . They hope to operate throughout the 11-year solar activity cycle , depending on snow accumulation .
-NSF-
Media Contacts
Peter West , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-7530 , email : pwest @ nsf.gov
Lindsey Haugh , Virginia Tech , ( 540 ) 231-2476 , email : jangus @ vt.edu
Program Contacts
Vladimir Papitashvili , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-7425 , email : vpapita @ nsf.gov
The National Science Foundation ( NSF ) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering . In fiscal year ( FY ) 2019 , its budget is $ 8.1 billion . NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and other institutions . Each year , NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards .
Get News Updates by Email
Useful NSF Web Sites :
NSF Home Page : https : //www.nsf.gov
NSF News : https : //www.nsf.gov/news/
For the News Media : https : //www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp
Science and Engineering Statistics : https : //www.nsf.gov/statistics/
Awards Searches : https : //www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/
Per HPD , Owner of J & S BBQ shot and killed man trying to rob him . # ABC13 pic.twitter.com/UD5O5UxMgu — Kaitlin McCulley ( @ KaitlinMcCulley ) February 5 , 2017
A store owner opened fire on two suspected robbers , killing one , police said.It happened Saturday night at the J & S Barbecue on Mesa Rd . near Ley Rd.Two men tried to rob the store owner as he was getting into his car , police said . The owner , who is in his 70s , fought back.He shot and killed one man , the other man ran and got away , according to police . `` When the first units arrived they found a black male shot on the ground behind the business , '' said officer T.R . Jackson . `` That man was transported to the hospital where he was later pronounced dead . It 's possible that male and another male attempted to rob our complainant out here . `` Police are still looking for the other suspect .
EVP of World Wrestling Entertainment just disposed of 1,398 shares
Get notified next time WWE.US makes a similar move !
Gerrit Meier , EVP of World Wrestling Entertainment , recently disposed of 1,398 shares of the company . The disposals took place at $ 10.52 per share , on January 26 , 2015 . Meier still owns 17,029 shares of the company . Meier operates out of Stamford , CT . Some additional info was provided as follows :
Consists of a portion of vesting stock units withheld by the Company to pay withholding taxes priced at the close of business on January 23 , 2015 Includes 234 shares of dividend accruals and 1424 of Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares which were not previously reported because such acquisitions are exempt under Section 16 .
The above information was disclosed in a filing to the SEC . To see this filing in its entirety , click here .
To receive a free e-mail notification whenever World Wrestling Entertainment makes a similar move , sign up !
Other recent filings from the company include the following :
Lindsell Train Limited just provided an update on share ownership of World Wrestling Entertainment - Feb. 14 , 2019
The Vanguard Group just provided an update on share ownership of World Wrestling Entertainment - Feb. 11 , 2019
World Wrestling Entertainment insider just picked up 81,492 shares - Feb. 8 , 2019
World Wrestling Entertainment 's Co-President just picked up 36,030 shares - Feb. 8 , 2019
Vincent K. McMahon just provided an update on activist position in World Wrestling Entertainment - Feb. 8 , 2019
k KISS ROCKS ' EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW WITH LORETTA CARAVELLO This interview was conducted in February 2005 with Eric 's sister Loretta , who runs the official Eric Carr site www.ericcarr.com and has done a truly honorable job in keeping her brother 's memory alive . She was kind enough to take the time to answer these questions , so please visit her site and check out all of the great Eric Carr merchandise , tributes , charity auctions , Fox News & Fox links available through www.ericcarr.com . Thanks again Loretta !
JON RUBIN/KISS ROCKS : Loretta , thank you for your time in answering these questions . I appreciate it very much and I 'm sure many , many Kiss/Eric Carr fans will enjoy reading this !
LORETTA CARAVELLO : My pleasure , Jon .
JR : Eric was playing drums in various club bands in the 60s and 70s before joining KISS . What did you think of your brother 's goal of being a full-time professional drummer , and how did your parents feel about it ?
LC : Well , we knew he always loved The Beatles and that he was talented , but we also knew that it was a hard field to succeed in , but the thing Eric had going for him the most was that he was willing to work hard , and that was the one deciding factor , that in our hearts we knew he would be successful .
JR : Were you old enough to get into the bars he was playing and see some of his bands at the time ?
LC : We always went , my Dad and Mom were his managers and me and my sister would be like his roadies . We would all jump in Dad 's van on weekends and be at every show helping .
JR : Do you remember the day Eric told you he was auditioning for the available drummer slot in KISS , and what was your reaction ? Were you a KISS fan before your brother auditioned to be in the band ?
LC : Yeah okay , tell me another one Paulie . We thought he was joking . I never really got into the KISS music before he was in the band .
JR : Most fans know the story of how his audition went and that he asked for the guys ' autographs before leaving , just in case he 'd never see them again . Do you remember what he told you and/or your parents upon coming home that fateful day ? How did he describe the audition to you ? Was he particularly positive or negative or neutral about this once-in-a-lifetime experience ?
Eric 's 1st time backing up the hottest band in the land , 7/25/80 at The Palladium in NYC LC : He told us how proud he was to be there and felt as though he did very well . I think he knew he had it because he was very upbeat . JR : What were your first thoughts when you found out he got the position as new drummer in KISS – excited ? nervous ? jubilant ? Were your parents ever at all worried that he was joining a band of rock n ' roll “ bad boys ” ? ( albeit rich and famous bad boys ) How did it affect the whole family ? LC : It was like a dream come true to all of us . I think we really had no idea what it would be like , and as it turned out , we always were the same . We never changed . In the beginning it was very hard to keep the secret ; it was strange to say to people at work , ‘ Hey my brother is famous , but I ca n't tell you who he is ' - so in the beginning it was hard .
JR : What was your first experience meeting Gene , Paul and Ace ? What were your initial thoughts upon meeting each guy individually ? Were they in or out of costume ?
LC : They were all very nice and warm to us . I remember them with the make-up , in the Palladium . That was the first show we meet them and we only went backstage just to wish Eric luck . So it was quick , but warm .
JR : I assume the whole Caravello crew was cheering Eric on at that 1st show at the Palladium in July 1980 . What did you think of the performance overall ? Was it the first time you had seen KISS ? What did your folks think of the music and overall intensity of the show ? LC : I never realized how great my brother really played , and to be honest , every time KISS did a song , I said to myself , ' I did n't know they did that song . ' So it was a very enlightening event overall . It was great !
JR : Did you see Eric trying out his `` hawk '' costume/make-up ? Did you think he really looked like a chicken the way many people ( including him ) have joked he did ?
LC : We never got to see him in that outfit ... thank goodness !
Eric rocking out at The Palladium in 1980 , the only U.S. `` Unmasked '' performance
JR : Even though Eric toured for “ Unmasked ” , his 1st studio album with the band was quite a departure from what fans ( and probably Eric ) expected . What were your thoughts upon hearing ‘ ( Music From ) The Elder ' in 1981 ? Were you disappointed that Eric 's 1st album with the group was unfortunately the 1st to not feature any band members on the cover ?
LC : 'The Elder ' happens to be one of my favorite albums , I believe the reason it did n't do so well was because the band itself played it down at this time .
JR : KISS fans were very accepting of Eric because he was so likable and he proved himself immediately . Did Eric ever share with you the most meaningful fan encounter he experienced early on ? Any stories of the fans greeting him in Australia on that 1st tour or anything touching like that ?
LC : Australia was one of the best tours for him . He was so excited that he saved almost all his papers , cards and letters from that tour . He always spoke highly of the fans and would rather spend time with them than go to fancy parties . I do recall Eric having quite a time with one fan who insisted she was married to Eric . Every hotel he went to , she would call and ask for her husband . He told us once that can be a scary thing , but after awhile , he never heard from her again .
JR : Eric and Peter Criss supposedly had a very close friendship . Can you describe what their relationship was like and the mutual respect they had for each other throughout the years ? There 's that famous picture of the 2 of them backstage at Radio City Music Hall in 1984 on the Lick It Up tour…do you know how often they got to see each other ? Do you know what Peter thought about Eric 's thunderous drumming ? LC : Eric always thought of Peter as the first KISS drummer ; he respected him very much and Peter was a perfect gentleman to Eric . They spoke many times . A lot of times when Eric was not feeling well , Peter was always there to help him . I do speak to Peter and GiGi from time to time and they are very kind and always have great thoughts of Eric .
JR : Eric and Ace were also very close when they were both in KISS , and they stayed that way long after Ace left the group . What was their relationship like in general and what do you think contributed to their special bond ? Their wild senses of humor ?
THE CAT & THE FOX : Eric with Peter Criss in a rare moment backstage at Radio City Music Hall in NY 3/9/84 during the Lick It Up tour
LC : Like Peter , Ace was always there for him . They would go away on vacation sometimes , and Eric would spend a lot of time with Ace upstate in his studio .
JR : Eric is definitely credited with helping KISS grow into and survive the non-make-up 80s ( not to mention definitely balancing out the ugliness of the group ! ) . Did Eric feel he played a role in helping the band re-establish their rightful place in the rock scene ? Because he really did…
LC : Oh yes , he realized that his playing did help them to become a much heavier band , because of how hard he played .
A rare Creatures of the Night in-store appearance from 1983 .
Photo courtesy of kissfanshop.com
JR : Many KISS fans believe one of the strongest line-ups was the ‘ Creatures of the Night'-era with Vinnie Vincent on lead guitar . Do you know how Eric and Vinnie got along , and what was your impression of “ The Wiz ” on guitar ? Do you know if Eric was disappointed when Vinnie was fired from the band in early 1984 ? LC : Eric liked Vinnie very much . I have hundreds of shots that Eric took of him from his personal album and it seemed they were always kidding around in photos . Vinnie was a great guitar player and Eric was sorry to see him go .
JR : Hearing Eric sing live was a real thrill . How much did he enjoy singing a KISS gem like “ Black Diamond ” towards the end of every night ? He definitely has a distinctive voice , but did he agree it was cool that he sometimes sounded like Peter ?
l
LC : His voice had some of the same roughness as Peter , but I think I liked his voice better when he would sing a ballad , like “ Tiara ” , from ‘ Rockology . '
JR : What did you think of his long overdue 1st vocal appearance on vinyl , with “ Beth ” ? ( ‘ Smashes , Thrashes & Hits ' , 1988 )
LC : He really poured a lot of heart in the song . His version was also wonderful , like Peter 's of course .
JR : Have you seen KISS in concert without Eric , and if so , how do you compare the Kiss line-ups from 1980-91 with Eric on drums , versus the various ones that have existed from 1992-present ? Have you noticed a change in the audiences as well ?
LC : I went to see the band in 2000 as Peter 's guest and it was very nice . They sounded really good . Peter and Eric had a different style , but they were both meant for KISS . I noticed a lot more young faces , no doubt the kids of the original KISS fans . It was a new generation .
JR : What do you think Eric was most proud of when looking back on his time in KISS ?
LC : Being able to reach his dream and play with the greatest band in the land !
JR : How about a few of his proudest moments of his life , would you be able to share or guess what they might be ?
LC : Well no doubt being in Kiss , but also probably more so the bravery that he showed when in 1974 , he managed to save the lead singer of his band Creation , from a fiery disco . That is a great thing to be proud of .
JR : What has your experience been like dealing with lots of KISS fan clubs , websites , conventions , etc . over the years ?
LC : Everyone has been so kind to us and they are always thinking of different ways to keep his memory alive . They 're the best !
JR : Are you at all surprised to see how much Eric 's legacy has lived on ? What is your reaction when you see handmade Eric Carr Mego dolls , unique artwork and other labors of love commemorating your brother ? How about people at Expos who still dress up as “ The Fox ” and come over and say hi to your parents , take pictures with them , etc . ?
LC : I am so proud of Eric , and the fans who will never forget him .
JR : Any message for the KISS/Eric Carr fans around the world who may be reading this ?
LC : Please always follow your dream and NEVER GIVE UP ! ! Please vist www.ericcarr.com for all the latest Eric news .
JR : Thank you Loretta !
LC : Sure !
* Special thanks go out to Loretta Caravello for doing this interview and for being such a great help and inspiration for this Eric Carr tribute page !
EC : Now p
Watching Them Watching Us . A Victory in the Political Battle Against Surveillance in Silicon Valley
Santa Clara County has become the first jurisdiction in the US to pass a general surveillance equipment regulation ordinance .
After Edward Snowden 's revelations in 2013 , the Oakland Privacy Working Group ( OPWG ) catalyzed the effort that led to Oakland 's proposed Domain Awareness Center being reduced to the size of a bathtub . And in that two year process the concept that the use of surveillance technology should be subject to the people 's input BEFORE being installed and the people 's oversight AFTERWARD was established in principle .
Now , Santa Clara County has become the first jurisdiction in the US to write that conception into law . On Tuesday , June 7th , 2016 , the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously for a general surveillance equipment regulation ordinance . As the Mercury News put it :
The ordinance is aimed at protecting the public 's right to privacy from existing and emerging technologies , such as drones , license plate readers , cellphone trackers or things that have n't yet been realized outside of science fiction .
The ACLU of Northern California and Restore the Fourth created an sample ordinance a couple years ago , and have been working with other privacy and civil liberties advocacy groups , including Oakland Privacy Working Group , on getting a version of it enacted into law in various jurisdictions in the Bay Area .
Joe Simitian , left , a member of the Santa Clara Board of Supervisors , introduced the legislation in Santa Clara County , and led the almost year-long effort for passage . Members of the ACLU , Restore the Fourth , and OPWG went down time and time again to testify as the bill faced opposition from the District Attorney , but it was finally voted out of committee in April , 2016 .
According to the ACLU :
The [ Santa Clara ] 'Surveillance Technology & Community Safety Ordinance ' requires :
1 . Informed Public Debate & Board Approval at Earliest Stage of the Process - Public notice , and distribution of an easy-to-understand Surveillance Impact Report , and opportunity for meaningful public input prior to moving forward with surveillance technology proposals ;
2 . Determination by Board That Benefits Outweigh Cost and Concerns - The Board expressly considers costs to fiscal and civil rights and determines whether surveillance technology is appropriate before moving forward ;
3 . Robust Surveillance Use Policy Approved by Board - Board approval of a Surveillance Use Policy with robust civil rights , civil liberties , and security safeguards for all existing and new surveillance technology ; and
4 . Ongoing Oversight & Accountability - Proper oversight of surveillance technology use and accountability through annual reporting and public review by the Board .
As Nicole Ozer of the ACLU noted
`` Law enforcement ... has attempted secret drone purchases , lobbied to buy invasive cell phone trackers , and used social networking software to target Black , Asian-American , and Muslim protesters , so there certainly was a need for greater transparency and oversight . ''
When it passed she tweeted :
Santa Clara County passes landmark law to shut down secret surveillance - who 's next ? ? https : //t.co/wx6b3Zny15 — Nicole Ozer ( @ NicoleOzer ) June 8 , 2016
And got a response from a BART Board member :
Hopefully BART , and if not next , definitely soon after . We 're working on this with @ ACLU_NorCal and @ OaklandPrivacy . https : //t.co/jI9lLGY6TF — Rebecca Saltzman ( @ RebeccaForBART ) June 8 , 2016
OPWG , along with ACLU , is currently working with the BART Board of Directors on creating a similar ordinance that will apply to all BART-deployed surveillance technology . This includes Automatic License Plate Reading cameras ( ALPRs ) that BART Police had planned to deploy without notifying anyone - including the BART Board - until a new law passed in Sacramento required them to post public notice .
With the passage of the Santa Clara ordinance , OPWG plans to also renew its efforts to have similar legislation enacted by the Alameda County Board of Supervisors and the Oakland City Council . Other groups are pursuing the same objective in Palo Alto and Santa Cruz .
The first step in Oakland will be for Mayor Schaaf to formally nominate and for the City Council to confirm appointees to the Privacy Advisory Commission that was created in January , 2016 . Most City Council members have made recommendations to the Mayor as to appointees , but formal nominations have not yet happened . The second step is to draft the surveillance ordinance - the law that created the commission specified that its first task would be to create a surveillance equipment ordinance for consideration by the Council .
Brian Hofer , member of OPWG and Chair of the Ad Hoc Privacy Committee created by the Oakland City Council to create a privacy policy for the Domain Awareness Center , thinking ahead to Oakland 's effort-to-be said :
Tuesday 's unanimous vote by the Santa Clara Board of Supervisors is another encouraging example of elected leaders being responsive to a community 's desire for greater transparency into law enforcement use of surveillance equipment . ''
Come help up encourage our electeds to be responsive to the community . Come help us watch them watching all of us , and join us in stopping them wherever we can .
Tracy Rosenberg , OPWG member , testifying before the Santa Clara County Board
OPWG meets Wednesday , June 15th , at 6:30 PM at the OMNI Commons , 4799 Shattuck Ave. , Oakland and usually at least once a month on Wednesdays .
The Introductory Paragraphs of Santa Clara County 's
New Surveillance Equipment Ordinance .
The California Constitution provides that all people have an inalienable right to privacy , which is just as explicitly described in the California Constitution as the right to enjoy and defend life and liberty ; the right to acquire , possess , and protect property ; and the right to pursue and obtain safety and happiness .
State and federal courts , including both the California Supreme Court and the United States Supreme Court , have affirmed individuals ' fundamental right to privacy , and the Board finds that protecting and safeguarding this right is a vital part of its duties . Acknowledging the significance of protecting the privacy of County citizens , the Board finds that surveillance technology may also be a valuable tool to bolster community safety and aid in the investigation and prosecution of crimes .
To balance the public 's right to privacy with the need to promote and ensure community safety , the Board finds that any decision to use surveillance technology must be judiciously balanced with an assessment of the costs to the County and the protection of privacy , civil liberties and civil rights .
The Board finds that proper transparency , oversight , and accountability are fundamental to minimizing the risks posed by surveillance technologies . The Board finds it essential to have an informed public discussion before deploying surveillance technology , and that safeguards should be in place to address potential privacy , civil liberties , and civil rights issues before any new surveillance technology is deployed . The Board finds that if surveillance technology is acquired and deployed , there must be continued oversight and regular evaluation to ensure that safeguards are being followed and that the Board is assessing the surveillance technology 's benefits and potential benefits in addition to its costs and potential costs .
On Saturday evening in Washington , activist Hawk Newsome stood defiantly with his fist in the air on the Mall in support of the Black Lives Matter movement and began to sweat , wondering if violence was about to break out at yet another political rally .
Surrounded by a few hundred supporters of President Trump at the Mother of All Rallies event , Newsome , the president of Black Lives Matter of Greater New York , had arrived with about half a dozen of his fellow activists to make their voices heard and prepared to spend the night engaging in tense exchanges with people he knew would not be receptive to his message .
Instead , something completely unexpected happened . For a brief interlude , Newsome was able to take the stage and speak to the Trump supporters , and at least some in the crowd actually listened .
[ A C-SPAN caller asked a black guest how to stop being prejudiced . Here 's how she responded . ]
After wading through the throng of mostly-white attendees , some of whom shouted hostile remarks , and past a speaker who told those gathered to ignore the Black Lives Matter activists , Newsome was invited up on the makeshift stage near the Washington Monument at the impromptu invitation of the event 's organizer , Tommy Hodges , who had to persuade some in the crowd to hear them out .
The result was an open dialogue between members of two seemingly opposing movements captured on video and shared by NowThis News and CNN . Within hours , a clip of Newsome 's speech posted on Facebook had garnered millions of views and thousands of comments applauding a rare instance of unity and civility in today 's toxic political climate .
“ I expected hostility . I expected anger . I even expected the possibility of violence , ” Newsome said Tuesday in a phone interview , “ but the one thing I did not expect was an invitation to speak on that stage . ”
Standing just a few feet away from a cardboard cutout of President Trump , Newsome was greeted with chants of “ White lives matter ! ” as he spoke passionately about fighting for justice on behalf of African Americans killed by police officers and the need for the Black Lives Matter movement .
Newsome said he hoped that by being on stage , he could clearly express his side to those who normally might tune him out .
“ Out of the hundreds of people there , if we got one person to see that black people are oppressed in America and acknowledge that , then we did our job , ” he said .
[ ‘ You are not going to let that word hurt you ' : Proctor & Gamble ad taking on racism is met with praise and outrage ]
But what happened next was much more than he had expected .
Newsome concluded his speech by saying , “ If we really want to make America great , we do it together. ” And then the crowd cheered .
Afterward , a few Trump supporters approached him and expressed their appreciation for his speech , including a Bikers for Trump member , who asked if Newsome would pose for a photo with his grandson .
Upon returning home to the Bronx , the 40-year-old said he received dozens of supportive messages on social media , several of which were from self-described conservatives .
Newsome 's approach and the unexpected footage of civil dialogue during a relatively peaceful rally just a month removed from the violence that occurred in Charlottesville had clearly resonated with millions of viewers .
[ There 's a good reason this police trainer tells recruits that they are racist ]
“ I love that he did n't feed into the ridiculous comments from the crowd , he just kept stating calmly what he believed in . This is awesome , ” a Facebook user , Sarah Nicole Wentling-Gould , commented on the NowThis News video that had 25 million views as of Wednesday morning .
April Goggans , a core organizer for Black Lives Matter DC , credited the video 's success to the moment being “ palatable ” but added that it made her cringe .
“ Our work is tied to a belief that change is systemic , changes to whole systems and whole ideological beliefs of America that allow for injustice to continue , ” Goggans said , “ and so to equate the fact that some people listen to each other to real strides , it can be counterproductive sometimes . ”
Kei Williams , who has organized with the Black Lives Matter NYC chapter , was quick to point out that Newsome 's group is not officially affiliated with the Black Lives Matter global network when contacted by The Washington Post .
[ A C-SPAN caller confessed his racism to a black guest . A year later he called back to say how he had changed ]
Newsome was prepared for the backlash , saying he understands that “ there 's a large portion on our side that believes [ Trump supporters ] have no moral codes that we can appeal to . ”
The speeches at the rally throughout the day were also far more vitriolic and rarely matched the conciliatory and accepting tone that Hodges , the event 's organizer , attempted to set . And Newsome recalls that a few Trump supporters stood in his way in an effort to prevent him from speaking on the stage .
Still , Newsome said that he has no regrets about his decision and that the reaction to his speech has given him faith that the appearance of Black Lives Matter of Greater New York at the rally has made a positive difference .
“ I do n't know about going to future Trump events , but I 'm open to having a dialogue , ” he said . “ This is a beginning , but we have a long way to go . Centuries of racism ca n't be healed in two minutes , but that two minutes can provide a spark , and we can use that energy and spark to do something that has n't been done before . ”
This story has been updated .
To give some gratitude to our readers , we 're going to give away some products over the year , starting this month . Thanks to our sponsor , we 're giving away a Trust GXT177 Gaming mouse for free ! It 's a Ambidextrous Pro-gaming mouse with extremely precise laser sensor ; some key features listed below :
14.400 DPI laser sensor
8 Programmable buttons
Ambidextrous form factor ; for left and right-handed use
On-board memory
Customizable RGB lighting
With a price-tag of around 60 euro , you 're looking at a great performer with a stylish design which suits left as well as right handed gamers .
In order to participate in this random drawing there are a few conditions :
You 've to be located in the Europe
You need to like both facebook pages ( Trust Gaming & BlackHoleTec ) * *
Share the related facebook post in public on your facebook profile
That 's all you 've to do for now . If you 're the lucky winner at the end of the week , we 'll send a pm on facebook for shipping details .
Good Luck !
This week the Erie County District Attor­ney announced that no rape charges would be filed against NHL star Patrick Kane after the complainant , 21 years-old , said she was under such tremendous stress that she could no longer cooperate with police . Thus ended a three-month long investigation , launched when the wom­an reported to police that Kane raped her in his home in Hamburg , N.Y . This outcome was utterly predictable to anyone following the case , as the Erie County DA , the former Erie County DA , the former State Attorney General for New York , Chi­cago Tribune columnists , Deadspin , The Buffalo News and innumerable other sources have all insisted since September that the case has “ too many questions ” to move forward .
But I 'm not interested in how many questions arose during the case . I 'm honestly , truly , not in­terested in the DA citing Kane 's lack of “ conduct consistent with a consciousness of guilt ” as a rea­son to withhold charges , something he 'd have to be eagle-eyed to notice given that Kane 's been playing in Chicago for most of the investigation .
The details of the investigation do n't matter . His innocence or guilt is not the point . The point is this : Patrick Kane was under investigation for rape and we , the fans , decided it was okay for him to play .
Let 's be clear : Patrick Kane is an important cog in a Stanley Cup winning machine . The Chicago Blackhawks have won three of the last six NHL championships with Kane , where he 's won a Conn Smythe trophy and consistently logged over 20 points a postseason . It 's no stretch to say that there would be a few less banners hanging from the rafters of the United Center if Kane were n't around , and not so many goose bumps from watching a new one hoisted up .
Winning is fun , right ? It 's the goal , it 's why we pay to watch . So the more Kane and the Black­hawks win , the more valuable they become . Forbes reports that the team 's value has increased almost 650 million dollars since signing Kane in 2007 . He 's never played for another NHL team . He 's got a No-Movement clause and a 13 million dollar salary , plus all those trophies–Patrick Kane IS Chicago 's boy . Fans and management know he 'll take us where we want to be : the top .
That 's what makes us fans so powerful . Follow­ing the allegations we could have taken that sup­port away . But on the first day of training camp people flocked to the rink at 5 a.m. wearing No . 88 jerseys , cheering defiantly each time he touched the puck . In an article for the Chicago Tribune , one fan said he chose a Kane jersey over one of Blackhawks Captain Jonathan Toews ' because , while “ I have a daughter , so I get the other side of the whole rape thing , ” he wanted to show that he 's a “ big believer in the Blackhawks organization. ” What the hell , man ?
Look , fans of any sports franchise need to make a decision about how they want to win . We ca n't control the media perpetuating rape culture by hawking the case 's details as excuses for Kane 's playing . We ca n't control the police 's relationship with Kane . We ca n't make a DA file charges . We certainly ca n't pressure victims to act .
What we can do is tell the Blackhawks that this is n't the culture we “ believe ” in . I 'm not asking anyone to stop being a fan . But rooting for the Blackhawks is n't the same as rooting for Patrick Kane , and it does n't mean excusing shit behavior . Would n't it be better to beat the Flyers knowing we were the good guys ? Would n't you rather wear the sweater of a player who 's known for being a joker or a baker or , I dunno , just good at hockey ? Would n't you rather imagine the cup in hands that definitely have n't sexually assaulted someone ?
C'mon , all sports fans are competitive assholes . When stuff like this happens , stop wearing your No . 88 jerseys . Do n't cheer for Kane . Skip the games he 's scheduled to play . Do n't watch his videos , do n't listen to his interviews . Write to the Trib and tell them to stuff it . Demand an NHL–de­mand a team–that values the experiences of wom­en . We do n't need a suspected rapist to play good hockey . There 's a better win to be had , here , and we should relish the challenge . And , go Hawks .
Story highlights A passenger spotted the errant alligator under an airport escalator
An airport worker used a broom and dustpan to capture the 18-inch creature
Twitter photos show an alligator on the Blue Line train to O'Hare
Carrying an alligator bag on an airline flight is fine , but live alligators are banned from boarding . That might explain why a toothy reptile was slithering around Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport on Friday .
Security guard Tineka Walker was on patrol at Terminal 3 when a passenger alerted her to the suspicious object under an escalator .
When Walker radioed for help , Chicago Police Officer Anthony Oliver thought at first it was a crock . `` Figured somebody was messing with us , '' Oliver told WBBM .
No need to call Tarzan to wrestle the gator , which was only about 18 inches long . An airport worker used a broom and dustpan to capture it . Animal control picked it up from police and handed it over to the Chicago Herpetological Society .
JUST WATCHED How did gator get loose at airport ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How did gator get loose at airport ? 00:38
`` What if a little kid grabbed this , thinking it was a toy ? That could do a nasty job , '' said Bob Bavirsha , a reptile rescuer with the group .
A major clue to how it ended up at the airport emerged on Twitter on Friday when someone posted photos of a man holding what appeared to be the same alligator .
`` The patterns on an alligator are as unique as your fingerprints , '' Bavirsha said . `` We can actually match this band right here with that band right there . ''
The man holding the alligator in the tweeted photos also had unusual markings -- a tattoo on his arm that could help investigators identify him .
The Twitter posting said the man was riding the Blue Line train , which goes to O'Hare .
`` They probably realized they could n't take it through checkpoint , and just let him go , but , oh my God ! '' Walker said .
The alligator will eventually find a new life in a reptile park -- after getting a few months of treatment for stunted growth , apparently from not being properly fed .
The fledgling Springfield Zoo was a beloved part of Dr. Seuss 's childhood . If his father was n't able to accompany him and his sketchpad there , he would go with his mother or his sister , Marnie . Only later , when Ted 's dad became the superintendent of parks , did he also become an unexpected resource , who now aided and abetted his son 's artistic efforts . Zoo animals that had met their demise lived on as their bills , horns , and antlers were shipped to Ted 's New York apartment to become exotic beaks and headdresses on his bizarre taxidermy sculptures .
The result was an astounding 17 sculptures—created during the 1930s—which remain today as some of the finest examples of his inventive and multidimensional creativity . Marnie , who from the beginning had witnessed the genesis of sculptures for The Seuss System of Unorthodox Taxidermy , described Ted 's home and its “ occupants ” on November 28 , 1937 for The Springfield Union : “ They have a charming apartment on Park Avenue , New York , but it is so filled with his animals that I am apt to have a nightmare whenever I visit them. ” On the other hand , the June 7 , 1938 , issue of Look magazine dubbed Ted Geisel `` The World 's Most Eminent Authority on Unheard-Of Animals . ''
Dr. Seuss 's inimitable Collection of Unorthodox Taxidermy will , unquestionably , continue to be one of the most sought-after gems from his diamond mine of artistic treasures .
CrossFit has turned the Internet into fitness gold . The company , which made $ 50 million in 2012 , spreads its grueling daily workouts free via its website , builds camaraderie among gym members with specially tailored social media apps , and encourages an endless stream of YouTube videos and photos of CrossFitters striking athletic poses . It 's almost become the Facebook of fitness .
But the company is less tolerant when it comes to the kind of criticism and parody that 's an Internet staple .
Elgin Mones discovered this when YouTube shut down his YouTube channel in late April , after three of his videos , which poke fun at CrossFit , received copyright complaints . Mones , a Maryland attorney and weightlifter , had cultivated a following for his channel , “ Exercises in Futility , ” which featured workout videos , including ones from CrossFit , coupled with his mocking commentary . The CrossFit videos were the targets of the copyright complaints .
“ CrossFit is notorious for doing this—shutting people down because they speak poorly of CrossFit , ” Mones complained in a YouTube video he posted shortly after the channel was shut down in late April .
The treatment Mones got is tame compared to what some other CrossFit critics describe : threats to “ out ” anonymous writers , saber rattling about lawsuits , and packets of unflattering information mailed to an employer .
One of those critics was behind the now-defunct parody Facebook page and Twitter account known as Ben Smith 's Dad . An avid CrossFitter , the poster , who asked to remain anonymous for this story , started the accounts as a joke aimed at a friend who lost a CrossFit competition to Ben Smith , a star athlete who regularly qualifies for the televised CrossFit Games . Posing as an uber-macho CrossFit fanatic , BSD 's postings quickly gained thousands of followers . What he did n't know is that CrossFit 's headquarters was apparently tracking him down .
He learned that following what he now admits was an ill-advised posting . The day of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing , he sent out a message joking that maybe the marathon had decided to spice things up with a few obstacles , a la Tough Mudder .
Soon after , he got a call from Russell Berger , one of CrossFit 's main spokespeople , said the man . Berger , he said , told the man that he should shut down the Twitter and Facebook accounts and post an apology to Ben Smith 's family . If he did n't , his name might come out . A film crew might show up at his job .
Later that day , he said , he got an e-mail from someone else at CrossFit 's headquarters saying he would like to meet face-to-face , and suggesting he could drop by his work or gym . The man behind Ben Smith 's Dad took it as a thinly veiled threat . He shut down the accounts and wrote the apology . “ Something that was so small and trivial in my mind—that was a joke that gained a following—brought their full wrath to the point that they threatened my employment , ” said the man .
Asked to comment , Berger 's e-mail response was “ No thanks . ”
File all this under CrossFit 's aggressive defense of its public image . Company representatives patrol Web sites , weighing in on comment sections . They have blasted scientists that publish unflattering information . An Ohio gym recently filed a lawsuit alleging Ohio State University scientists made up data about CrossFit injuries .
It 's not entirely clear CrossFit filed the complaint with YouTube that got Mones ' videos yanked , since the company is n't talking and YouTube would n't say who claimed a copyright foul .
But CrossFit could face an uphill battle proving that the videos violate their copyright , said Julie Ahrens , director of Copyright and Fair Use at Stanford Law School 's Center for Internet and Society . Commentary and criticism enjoys legal protection as free speech—known as “ fair use ” —even if that might mean using a copy of someone else 's video . It depends partly on whether someone is adding to the video to give it a different meaning , or if , for example , they were just copying it to sell their own workout video . “ If you 're making fun of the video … in concept that 's a pretty solid fair use concept , ” she said .
Mones wrote in an e-mail that people can expect more CrossFit critiques from him . He defended the previous videos as legally protected free speech . The end of his original YouTube channel cost Mones more than half the 36,000 subscribers he had . But he said the publicity has also gotten him more attention , adding hundreds of subscribers to his new channel every day . “ Shirt sales and views have reached all-time highs , ” he wrote .
This fall , the Senate will likely take up the president 's nominee to head the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's ( USDA ) research portfolio , Sam Clovis . After flirting with other candidates , Clovis swung to the Trump camp before the Iowa caucuses . His early onboard status vaulted him up the ranks of the campaign , clinching an offer to join the administration — a post for which he is manifestly unqualified .
The law requires candidates for the position to possess “ specialized training or significant experience in agricultural research , education , and economics , ” none of which are on Clovis 's resume .
ADVERTISEMENT
His inability to respect scientific findings matches his nonexistent credentials . Clovis is a climate change ostrich . “ A lot of the science is junk science , ”
he said in rejecting the most ominous threat
facing the farmers who populate the groups supporting him , themselves betraying the farm lobby 's longtime allegiance to science-based policymaking .
Virtually the entire agricultural establishment has lined up behind Clovis , a breathtaking display of unvarnished transactionalism even for this incomparably transactional administration . One of his farm lobby supporters justified the endorsement citing Clovis 's “ masterful understanding of how to appeal to Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE for the benefit of agriculture. ” Really ?
Agriculture stood first in line among potential beneficiaries of the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) . Trump pulled out within days of taking office . The budget he sent Congress proposed enormous cuts in USDA spending , including research .
If the farm lobby thinks its Clovis connection will deliver its highest congressional priority — a new farm bill — these lobbyists have not been paying attention to the president 's display of stunning legislative ineptitude .
Before joining the Trump campaign , Clovis 's blog posts and radio talk show commentary were laced with misogyny , anti-gay bias and racism . He attacked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Hillary Clinton and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , as well as several female Obama administration officials . Homosexuality is an aberration , Clovis claimed . He stoked birtherism , accusing President Obama of fabricating his biography , and called Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack , Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary : report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE and Secretary Tom Perez racist bigots .
Those views have no place in government , especially not in the leadership of a department still rebuilding from a maelstrom of discrimination complaints and civil rights chaos . As the Clinton administration was winding down , USDA settled a class action case African-American farmers brought against it ; Congress augmented the settlement in subsequent years . It was imperfect , drawing criticism from those who thought the compensation inadequate and those who thought some payments were unwarranted .
But the payments the settlement provided were only part of USDA 's response . We ( I was USDA 's chief of staff at the time ) knew we had to change the department 's culture . We required its leadership , especially political appointees , to manifest genuine , deep and visible commitment to equal opportunity and nondiscrimination as we worked to restore credibility and integrity with USDA 's farmer constituents and employees .
An undersecretary with Clovis 's racist baggage would have been intolerable then , and it 's unthinkable now . Those views make a mockery of the ideals memorialized at the George Washington Carver Center , headquarters for USDA 's in-house research agency . They are antithetical to the aspirations of its programs supporting the 1890s historically black land-grant universities , which are also within this position 's jurisdiction .
Clovis 's views on crop insurance have drawn ire from some in the agriculture community . He called it unconstitutional . Crop insurance has plenty of flaws , but it 's not unconstitutional . Since it is the farm policy income transfer mechanism of the moment , some took pause , but not over his credentials deficit , his denial of the science that portends an existential threat to American agriculture , and not at the racial attitudes that would shatter the civil rights progress the department has made and needs to continue .
There is no reason to think the president will admit his mistake and withdraw his support for this nomination , but there is time for backers in the farm lobby to withdraw theirs . Sen. Jeff Flake Jeffrey ( Jeff ) Lane FlakeBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Poll : 33 % of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell Trump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile ' during 2016 presidential campaign MORE ( R-Ariz. ) scolded his party and conservatives generally for not standing up to the president 's brotherism . Business leaders , rightly , drew the line at these remarks on Charlottesville . The farm lobby , and the Senate , should follow their lead .
Greg Frazier is an independent consultant on food and agriculture . He is the former USDA chief of staff under the Clinton administration .
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill .
When an asteroid slammed into Earth 65 million years ago , the resulting giant tsunamis , earthquakes , and catastrophic global warming wiped out the planet 's dominant species—dinosaurs . There were probably more than 10,000 different species , many of them still unknown to us , says Kenneth Lacovara in his new book , Why Dinosaurs Matter .
As a paleontologist and director of the Edelman Fossil Park at Rowan University in New Jersey , Lacovara hates it when people use the word “ dinosaur ” to describe something as out of date . When he spoke to National Geographic , he explained why he also objects to jokes about T. rex 's puny arms and why dinosaurs can help us navigate our uncertain path into the future .
View Images Courtesy of Simon and Schuster
You loathe the term “ dinosaur ” when applied to things that are outdated or obsolescent . Explain your frustration .
I do ! [ Laughs ] Dinosaurs were globally dominant creatures on land for the better part of 165 million years . They 're cosmopolitan in every type of environment and every ecological niche . During this entire time , our ancestors are these little shoelace creatures , hiding in the dark and forgotten recesses of the dinosaur world , hoping not to be noticed .
Then a cosmic accident occurs and the dinosaurs get snuffed out by a space rock that unleashed hell on Earth . Yet some of them survived in the form of birds , which today outnumber mammal species by three to one . So dinosaurs are still with us , still remarkably persistent and adaptive .
No one tarnishes the legacy of Albert Einstein because he eventually died . Nobody diminishes the accomplishments of Neil Armstrong because after he walked on the moon , he grew old and died . So why would we use that same argument to tarnish the legacy of dinosaurs ? When I hear people say , “ This company or political party is a dinosaur , ” I think , they should hope to be so lucky !
Watch : Biggest Dinosaur Ever Found Meet Patagotitan mayorum , the biggest dinosaur ever discovered .
The most iconic dinosaur , beloved of Hollywood and children 's toys , is the T. rex . What made it so exceptional ?
The best-known dinosaurs today , like T. rex , Stegosaurus , and Brontosaurus , were among the very first dinosaurs described and the first to enter the popular consciousness , so they have been bouncing around our culture longer than other dinosaurs .
When T. rex was described in the early part of the last century , it was the biggest meat eater that had ever been seen , and it 's still the biggest . It 's huge , with this ferocious bite . Paleontologists who have looked at the biomechanics of the T. rex jaw believe it has the most powerful bite force of any animal on land .
There are all these memes making fun of its puny little arms—the joke is that T. rex ca n't put on its hat , clap its hands or wipe its bum . But a colleague of mine , Michael Habib in Los Angeles , has looked closely at this .
He thinks that to have a strong bite , you need big , powerful jaw muscles . To have these , you need a big head , so the muscles can attach . If you have a big head , you also need big neck muscles to support that head . But you ca n't have a big head and big arms—neck and arm muscles compete for muscle attachment space across the bones of the shoulder . The puny little arms people make fun of are one of the keys to the power and ferocity of this amazing animal .
View Images The tiny arms of Tyrannosaurus Rex made its ferocious bite possible . Photograph by Richard Nowitz , Nat Geo Image Collection
Most of us can probably only name one or two other dinosaurs species—but there was immense variety , was n't there ?
Pun intended , we have only begun to scratch the surface of dinosaur biodiversity . Paleontologists know of over 1,000 to 1,500 species of dinosaurs . But there were probably many more—tens of thousands over their entire reign . They 're this amazingly rich , biodiverse group of organisms .
If you go back 100 years ago , the rate of discovery was about one new dinosaur species per year . As you get to the 1970s , when there are more paleontologists and jet travel becomes possible , the rate goes up to about half a dozen a year . Last year there were 36 new dinosaur species described . The rate of discovery is amping up every year with no sign of it ending . We have a long way to go before we hit “ peak dinosaur . ”
You use the term “ deep time ” to describe the planet 's past . Explain what you mean by that—and why it took so long for the fossil and geological record to be accepted .
Our human lives play out over such a short period of time , just a handful of decades , which makes it hard for us to conceive of even 1,000 years . To try to conceive of millions or tens of millions—and the Earth is four and a half billion years old ! —is almost impossible . People think of dinosaurs as being really old , but when the non-bird dinosaurs went extinct , 66 million years ago , that was only 2 percent of Earth 's history ago . If you take all of human history—from the agricultural revolution to the industrial revolution and , today , the space age—geologically that 's all , basically , now . Draw out the time scale on a sheet of paper and all of Earth 's history will fit in the breadth of your last pencil stroke .
The literal , geological interpretation of the Bible began with James Ussher , a bishop and primate of Ireland , who wanted to find out how old the Earth was . The best resource as far as he was concerned was the Bible . He determined the age of King Nebuchadnezzar and from there went back through all the “ begats ” in the Bible to the time of Adam and Eve . He determined that the Earth was created in 4004 B.C. , specifically on October 23rd at about 6pm on a Saturday . [ Laughs ]
Of course , it 's demonstrably incorrect . We have trees alive today that are older than 6,000 years old . If you 're alive today and you think the Earth is only 6,000 years old , that means you reject evolution , which means you reject all biology , physics , chemistry , astronomy , and geology . It is truly a medieval point of view . It does n't make any sense .
View Images This nodosaur fossil discovered by miners in Canada is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found . Read about the discovery . Photograph by Robert Clark , Nat Geo Image Collection
You describe in detail the apocalypse when an asteroid crashed into the earth . Talk us through that event—and explain why dinosaurs disappeared but other forms of life survived that eventually led to us ?
The asteroid , about 10 kilometers across , is going roughly 45,000 mph or about 25 times the speed of a bullet . Compared to the Earth it 's rather tiny . But the force released is not just according to the size ; it 's the mass times the velocity . It hits the Earth and blows a crater in the ground that 's about the size of Massachusetts and 20 miles deep .
Sean Gulick , a geophysicist at the University of Texas , says that the argument right now in his geophysics community is whether that event heated up the atmosphere to the temperature of a toaster oven for a few hours or a pizza oven for a few minutes . Either way , your dinosaur is dead .
All kinds of other terrible things happened as well . A magnitude-10 earthquake radiated across the Earth at 17,000 mph ; giant tsunami waves raked across the coastlines . And all the dust and rock , forest fires and ash that went up into the atmosphere shrouded the sun .
In the ocean , the food chain is really short , only a few weeks from primary productivity of the phytoplankton to apex predators like tuna fish . Once you have plankton breakdown , pretty soon there 's nothing to eat in the ocean . If you are big and consume a lot , you die . If you 're little , like small fish , or eat infrequently , like crocodiles and some turtles , you might make it through . But big things in the ocean , like mosasaurs , which were n't actually dinosaurs , all go extinct .
On land , the largest animal that survives is about the size of a cat . All of the dinosaurs that were here for so long perished except for one group , the birds , though only some of the birds make it through . Why is that ? Every non-avian dinosaur egg nest that has ever been found has been in a crater in the ground , which some mama dinosaur scraped out and then laid her eggs in . One hundred percent of their life cycle is on the surface of the Earth . But today we have examples of burrowing birds , like parrots that nest in the banks of the Amazon or burrowing desert owls . The one group of dinosaurs that we know for sure has some burrowing members is the one that gets through the extinction .
Bring it home for us , Ken . Why do dinosaurs matter ?
Dinosaurs matter because the future matters and everybody , including paleontologists , is concerned more with the future than the past . But we do n't have access to the future . Nobody remembers the future , you ca n't do experiments in the future , and the present is gone before you can think of it . So , the only information we have to help us plot our course into the future is from the past . As Winston Churchill said , “ The further back you look , the further ahead you will see . ”
If you look at the ancient record , there have been catastrophes , climate change , sea level rise , and biodiversity crises , accompanied by unbelievable adaptations and problem-solving in biomechanics . So , there are answers in the ancient record and we would be foolish and arrogant to ignore it . The book is called “ Why Dinosaurs Matter , ” but it 's really about why the past matters . And the past matters because the future matters .
This interview was edited for length and clarity .
Over the past few months a simple game called Desert Golfing has slowly become my go-to time-killing title .
It features no menus and minimalist graphics that look they were pulled from an Intellivision title lost in a 1983 time warp – but Desert Golfing is where the future of mobile games should be headed .
At first glance , Desert Golfing does n't seem like much , especially if you take the game 's name at face value . Golfing and a desert sounds like a boring combination . The game tasks the player with sinking a ball in a hole with a little flag beside it , and nothing else . You tap the screen , drag a little white line behind the ball , indicating how much force you want to put behind your shot , and let go .
Your ball bounces , glides and lands somewhere else on the course , likely not where intended , at least until you gain a better understanding of the game 's delicate physics . But make no mistake , sinking your shot in Desert Golfing wo n't happen through brute force . Instead it requires finesse , forward thinking and on almost every hole , a dash of luck .
And here 's why this type of stripped-down gameplay should be the future of mobile gaming . When it comes to gaming on your smartphone , the best titles are often extremely basic , so much so that their simplicity might be a little off-putting at first .
They do n't try to emulate the kind of gaming experience you 'd find on console or dedicated handheld gaming device , and instead , acknowledge and work within the limitations of the platform . This type of game is aware it 's the kind of title you 're going to pull out on the bus , subway or while waiting in line for a coffee .
That 's not to say that deeper experiences should n't land on mobile devices , but dedicated handhelds like the 3DS and PlayStation Vita are more suited to these types of games , and this is a big part of why – despite the doom and gloom surrounding portable game consoles – smartphone and tablet gaming will never completely eclipse dedicated handhelds .
High-end games like GTA : San Andreas and ports of other console titles – the Sonic franchise , Final Fantasy games and NBA Jam instantly come to mind – might handle competently on your smartphone , but the experience these mobile ports provide ca n't compare to simplistic titles designed for mobile from the ground up . The lack of a dedicated input device that is n't a touch screen is also a factor . Of course you could bring an Android gamepad with you to play games like this on the go , but that also defeats the purpose of pick-up-and-play gaming .
There are very few menus and no complicated tutorials in a game like Desert Golfing . Instead , the title 's concept is simple enough that the player can pick up the game for the first time and understand exactly how to play .
This is where the next step comes into play . Games like Desert Golfing seem simple at first , but there 's actually substantial depth to them . When do you go for a two-shot , or a three-shot , rather than hit the ball as hard as possible , hoping it randomly lands in the hole ? When does it make sense to bank the ball off the level 's rolling hills and jagged cliffs , in order to meet your mark ?
Understanding the game with this amount of depth can only be achieved when the player has invested a significant amount of time in the title .
And Desert Golfing is n't alone in this simple , pick-up-and-play on-the-go mentality . Impossible Road is another game that 's easy to try but difficult to master . At first , rolling your ball down Impossible Road 's never-ending path is frustrating , but not “ impossible. ” After a few hours with the game , though , most players will pick up on many of the title 's intricacies , such as bouncing between platforms , allowing you to achieve much higher scores .
Then there are titles like Smash Hit , that might not be as minimalist as Impossible Road or Desert Golfing , but still opt into the “ simple ” mobile gaming ethos .
However , there 's a little more to Smash Hit than Impossible Road or Desert Golfing : Individual levels , managing the number of balls you have left , and a menu system . But the idea of a simple overall premise is still present .
The mind-bending game that is Duet also falls into the minimalist category – it 's simple to pick up and play , but to truly understand the game takes many hours .
You could even consider games like Flappy Bird , Swing Copters or even Angry Birds ( although I 'm not a fan of those titles ) to be part of this list , although later Angry Birds iterations complicate the game 's once-simplistic formula significantly .
But back to Desert Golfing . The game features a level of permanence to each shot that 's rarely present in mobile gaming , putting the game in a league of its own in terms of simplicity . You ca n't repeat a shot and your score is constantly increasing . The only way to reset the game is to delete the app and restart from the first hole .
It 's also unclear how many holes are even in the game and if its developer , Justin Smith , designed each course by hand , or if he created some sort of algorithm that randomly generates every level ( it seems courses were handmade up to a certain point ) .
Mobile developers need to take a page out of Desert Golfing , and other similar titles ' playbooks , rather than try to imitate the type of experiences available on more traditional gaming consoles . Over the last few years mobile gaming has come into its own and is one of the industry 's marquee platforms – imitating the experience available on other devices is no longer necessary .
Desert Golfing is $ 2.29 on iOS and $ 1.99 on Android .
RICHLAND , Wash. - Swing sets are being removed from the playgrounds at all Richland elementary schools because they 're just too dangerous , school officials say.The district says it 's under pressure from insurance companies over the liability for injuries.The school district 's Steve Aagard tells KEPR News the swings are being removed when schools are renovated or there 's other work on playground equipment . `` It 's just really a safety issue , '' he said . `` Swings have been determined to be the most unsafe of all the playground equipment . `` Each year , about 200,000 children go to the emergency room for injuries that happened on a playground , and most injuries come from children walking in front or behind a moving swing.Muge Kaineoz 's daughter will be starting school next year in Richland . She 's in favor of the decision to remove swings . `` When she starts elementary school , those swings can get crazy , '' she says , adding that she once witnessed a toddler walk right in front of a moving swing . `` By the time you could do something about it she was knocked out , '' said Kaineoz.Other parents see swings as a regular part of being a kid - danger or not . `` They were our great joy , and we all played on them . I truly ca n't remember anyone being hurt , '' says Richland resident Gail Thorricellas .
Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Step 4
[ [ 283625558396818 ] ] [ [ 283625561730151 ] ] [ [ 283625555063485 ] ] [ [ 283625548396819 ] ] [ [ 283625551730152 ] ]
[ [ 283625661730141 ] ] [ [ 283625668396807 ] ] [ [ 283625665063474 ] ] [ [ 283625675063473 ] ] [ [ 283625678396806 ] ]
[ [ 283625745063466 ] ] [ [ 283625741730133 ] ] [ [ 283625751730132 ] ] [ [ 283625748396799 ] ] [ [ 283625758396798 ] ]
[ [ 283625828396791 ] ] [ [ 283625815063459 ] ] [ [ 283625818396792 ] ] [ [ 283625821730125 ] ] [ [ 283625825063458 ] ]
[ [ 283625895063451 ] ] [ [ 283625908396783 ] ] [ [ 283625905063450 ] ] [ [ 283625901730117 ] ] [ [ 283625891730118 ] ]
Recently I found out that there 's a trend towards sending picture messages via Facebook chat . Earlier there was n't any way to send a displaying picture via Facebook chat . The only option we had earlier was sending the hosted image link.But now there 's a way to send images through generating a unique code.Someone may misunderstand this with facebook smileys . But this is a small square matrix which converts into pixels and creates the image . What you have to only do is just paste the generated code in the chat bar and send.Anyway we are going to do this through a different site . The site generates the code for any of the image you want . Simply follow these few steps . : First go to - http : //smileyti.me/ : Select the image you want to convert into FB Chat code : Solve the captcha puzzle and upload it . : Copy the generated code and send it in the chat box.That 's it . Just to check it you can check it with the following code . It 's the logo of this site.Happy Chatting in Facebook with your desired images .
The UEFA Nations League will kick off in 2018 and be shown live on Sky Sports
Sky Sports has won the exclusive live rights to show competitive England matches in the brand new UEFA Nations League - but what is it and how will it work ?
Read on for our explainer…
What is the UEFA Nations League ?
The UEFA Nations League is a new international tournament which will kick off in 2018 . England will go up against other European nations in a league format for the chance to compete in the Final Four summer showpiece in 2019 , where the winner will be crowned the Nations League champion .
In a bid to improve the quality of international football and reduce the number of meaningless friendlies , UEFA - who have been planning the competition since 2011 - have devised a new format to add excitement and competition to country clashes .
How will it work ?
There will be 55 teams involved , split into four leagues ( A , B , C and D ) based on their UEFA ranking in November 2017 , at the end of the 2018 World Cup qualifiers .
Within those four leagues , teams will be split again into groups , which will be made up of either three or four teams .
Teams will play opposition of a similar ranking within their leagues and groups
Within each league , four teams will be promoted at the end of the cycle , while four teams will be relegated . They will then play at their new level in the next competition , which starts in 2020 .
The winners of the four groups in League A will qualify for the Final Four competition .
When will the Nations League take place ?
The Nations League will take place across six matchdays , with double-headers during international breaks in September , October and November 2018 .
What is the Final Four ?
The Final Four is the climax to the Nations League . It will take place in June 2019 and pit the group winners from League A , B , C and D against each other . There will be a one-game semi-final stage followed by the final .
Outside of World Cup and European Championship years there will be a new trophy to compete for
The winner will be named as Nations League champion .
The Final Four tournament will occur in odd years , meaning that in years when there is n't a World Cup or European Championships , there will be a Nations League winner .
How will the Nations League affect European Qualifiers ?
Euro qualifiers for 2020 will commence in March 2019 , with double headers in the March , June , September , October and November international breaks .
Teams will be split into five groups of five teams and five groups of six teams . In total , there will be 10 matchdays - the same number as now .
Portugal won Euro 2016 - but the qualification for Euro 2020 will be affected by the Nations League
The top two teams from the 10 groups qualify automatically for the Euros , while four more places at the finals will be awarded to play-off winners .
Sixteen teams will compete in the play-offs . Each Nations League league gets four play-off spots . If the winner of a group has already qualified for the Euros , the next best team which has not qualified goes into the play-offs .
Those sixteen teams will go into four groups , with the top team going to the Euros . The four teams play two one-off semi-finals and one one-off final to determine play-off winners .
The UEFA Nations League rankings will also determine the composition of draw pots for subsequent European Qualifiers .
What are the benefits ?
`` The UEFA Nations League creates more meaningful and competitive matches for teams and a dedicated calendar and structure for national team football , '' say UEFA , who believe the new format addresses concerns national associations raised about friendlies no longer providing adequate competition .
Germany thrashed San Marino 8-0 in World Cup qualifying in November
As well as the appeal of being named Nations League winner after the Final Four showpiece event for top teams , weaker teams will have better opportunities to qualify for European Championships - the bottom 16 in the rankings are now guaranteed one of the 24 qualifying spots .
Weaker teams will also face teams of a similar level - so there will be fewer thrashings and more meaningful games for fans .
Is this the end of friendlies ?
Not completely . There will still be some space in the calendar for friendlies - particularly for the top teams , who are in groups of three within League A and B and the top group in League C .
There will also be room for pre-tournament warm-up games ahead of World Cups and European Championships . But , essentially , the outcome of more international games will matter .
There will still be openings in the international calendar for friendlies
Will the new format increase players ' workload ?
The Nations League and new Euros qualification process operates within the current international calendar , so there are not increased demands in terms of the number of matches .
In fact , UEFA claims the new product will actually reduce strain on players . That 's because there is likely to be less travel and players will be playing at their own level . Players will also go back to their clubs earlier than is currently the case .
How can I watch the Nations League ?
You will be able to watch all of the Home Nations in the UEFA Nations League on Sky Sports , through September , October and November 2018 . You 'll also be able to watch the Final Four finale in June 2019 on Sky Sports .
In fact , there will be up to 900 live international matches on Sky Sports between 2018 and 2022 , with the new rights agreement also including qualifiers for Euro 2020 and World Cup 2022 .
A South Carolina sheriff decided not to lower the U.S. flag at his office to honor former South African President Nelson Mandela , who died on Thursday , because he was not an American citizen .
The decision came despite an executive order by President Barack Obama urging American flags to fly at half-staff in honor of the anti-apartheid leader .
Sheriff Rick Clark of Pickens County originally posted about his decision on Facebook , saying that while Mandela was a great man , the flag should only be lowered at the American embassy in South Africa , not at home . Instead , Pickens said he would lower the flag over the weekend to honor a law enforcement officer who died on-duty and for Pearl Harbor Day , but that the flag would be back up to its normal position on Monday , December 9 .
`` It 's just my simple opinion that the flag should only be lowered to half-staff for Americans who sacrificed for their country , '' Clark told WHNS News in an interview .
`` To show a sign of respect for what Nelson Mandela 's done , I have no problem with lowering it in South Africa , in their country , '' he added . `` But in our country , it should be the people , in my opinion , who have sacrificed for our country . ''
Reaction to the sheriff 's decision has been mixed . Some defended the Clark 's decision , with one Facebook poster saying , “ Rick , you do what is right no matter what anyone else says ! Make us proud . Our flag is for our citizens and our country ! ”
Others , meanwhile , criticized Clark for perpetuating stereotypes about a racist South , and chided the Sheriff 's Department on its official Facebook page .
“ Shame on you ... Mandela made a difference for all American or not , ” wrote one user . “ And you shame your town by ignoring a executive order . You have invited the topic of racism into this . ”
As CNN noted in its report , American presidents have ordered flags lowered in honor of foreign citizens in the past . Bill Clinton issued the same order when former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated during the 90s , and the practice dates back to Lyndon Johnson , who did it when former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill passed away in 1965 .
Most recently , George W. Bush lowered American flags in honor of Pope John Paul II , who died in 2005 .
Regardless , there 's no penalty for deciding to go against an executive order on flag conduct , and Clark wo n't be disciplined for his decision .
`` He 's not breaking a law . It 's his decision . And I support the decision of the sheriff , '' Chief Deputy Creed Hashe told CNN .
Mr. Hirway is a singer , composer and host of the podcast “ Song Exploder , ” which explores the origin story of a single song ( Iggy Pop 's “ American Valhalla , ” Wilco 's “ Magnetized ” ) with its creator . “ Hrishi 's a lot younger and cooler than I , ” Mr. Malina said .
The two hosts have set an ambitious goal for themselves : discuss all 154 episodes of the critically acclaimed , Emmy Award-winning series . The podcast has already gotten over 2.5 million downloads ; listeners include fans who watched the series during its 1999 to 2006 run , as well as those who downloaded or streamed it later .
At one episode per week , Mr. Malina and Mr. Hirway will finish up sometime around 2019 , assuming they do n't include too many special episodes — or flame out .
And then there are the guests . In addition to former cast members , the podcast has hosted Eli Attie , who was the chief speechwriter for former Vice President Al Gore , and Ronald Klain , a former chief of staff to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. “ I was geeking out about talking to Ron Klain , and all of that was because of ‘ The West Wing , ' ” Mr. Hirway said .
The pair connected in 2001 when Mr. Hirway emailed Mr. Malina , a fellow Yalie , out of the blue , asking for advice about the industry . After a TV project they had been working on for two years fell through , Mr. Hirway wanted to do something more D.I.Y . Why not a podcast about “ The West Wing ” ? It was his favorite show , his friend had been on it , and he knew about podcasting thanks to “ Song Exploder . ”
Ever wonder what the PC games of 2012 would be like if they were text adventures ? Of course not , no one in their right mind would ever wonder that . In related news : I wondered that ! So , rip out your GeForce GTX 680 , plug in your dusty 10 '' CRT monitor , and stuff your programmable eight-button mouse in a stocking , because this week we 're going to imagine five of this year 's games the way all PC games used to be : as text adventures .
With its addictive soundtrack , nerve-wracking combat , top-down view and 8-bit throwback graphics , Hotline Miami is a slick and challenging action game . Luckily , the violence is so over-the-top gruesome and gory that it 's hard to feel repulsed by it until you suddenly feel pretty darn repulsed by it . Throw in unsettling masked characters , an arcade-like scoring system , and some disturbing mindgames , and what do you get ? I have no idea . This game is bonkers . Take out the graphics , and what do you get ? Hotline Miami : The Text Adventure !
The NFL trade deadline strikes zero at 4 p.m. ( EST ) on Tuesday , and it looks like a former first-round draft pick is on the market .
According to Rick Stroud of the Tampa Bay Times , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers have made safety Mark Barron available to any team willing to make them an offer .
In addition to Barron , running back Doug Martin and receiver Vincent Jackson are also available , per Stroud .
While Eagles head coach Chip Kelly has already laughed off the idea the team would make a trade , you have to wonder if acquiring Barron might change things .
Taken with the 7th overall pick in the 2012 NFL Draft , Barron has started for three seasons , racking up 176 tackles and three interceptions .
The problem with Barron , however , seems to be the same problem that the Eagles ' current safety , Nate Allen , has — pass coverage . Barron has never finished with a positive grade in coverage , according to Pro Football Focus , meaning he might not provide the upgrade the Eagles are looking for .
Still , what Barron does bring is potential , starting experience and youth .
If the price is right , it would not be surprising to see the Eagles bring in Barron to play behind Allen for now , with the idea of rotating him in . The Eagles do not seem high on backup safety Earl Wolff , so if it costs them a low draft pick , or even a rotational player for Barron , a move could make sense .
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa @ nj.com . Follow him on Twitter @ EliotShorrParks . Find NJ.com Sports on Facebook .
‘ Grab 'em by the pussy ” was the line that was supposed to have ended Donald Trump 's campaign for presidency . Instead it turned out to be one of the most astonishing and successful strategies for the highest office . In a campaign based on racism , misogyny and bullying , Trump proved that boasting about sexually assaulting women , far from ruining a man 's career , can boost it ; and white women voted for him in droves . Grab 'em by the pussy , indeed . The first black American president will now be succeeded by a man endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan . This , according to Trump and his supporters , male and female , is what the American dream actually looks like .
A lot will be written about how Trump 's victory represents a backlash of rage from the white working classes . The election of Trump , this narrative goes , proves how these people feel ignored by the elite politicians and metropolitan media . We need to hear more from these people , the argument continues , and how they have suffered because of globalisation , the demise of industry , the opioid crisis , the death of the American dream .
It 's interesting , this take , not least because , far from being a “ working-class revolt ” , 48 % of those who earn more than $ 250,000 and 49 % of white college graduate voters chose Trump . But even leaving that aside , to say that no one took notice of the angry white vote in this US election is awfully reminiscent of British politicians saying “ no one talks about immigration ” , when it feels like – you know what ? I think we got that base well and truly covered .
Far from ignoring the white working class during this election , they were written about so extensively by nervously placatory liberal journalists that these articles became a genre unto themselves , satirised perfectly by Benjamin Hart last week ( “ I could n't help but notice that people in Bleaksville are angry … I wanted to hear more but Ed explained that David Brooks had scheduled an interview with him to discuss whether he ate dinner with his family every night , and what it means to America . ” )
So here 's an alternative take : we 've heard enough of white rage now . Oh sure , listen to the grievances of enraged voters . But understanding them is different from indulging them , and the media and politicians – in the US and UK – have for too long conflated the two , encouraging the white victim narrative and stoking precisely the kind of nasty , race-baiting campaigns that led to Brexit and Trump ( as the voter demographics have proved , the linking factor in Trump voters is not class but race ) .
Donald Trump wins US election : 'we 're all on the same team ' Obama says – live Read more
Both campaigns promised to turn the clock back to a time when white men were in the ascendence , and both were fronted by privately educated false prophets such as Nigel Farage and Trump , absurdly privileged buccaneers who style themselves as friends of the working classes while pushing policies that work against them . They have bleached language of meaning , boasting that they are n't “ career politicians ” ( now a negative thing as opposed to someone who has devoted their life to public service ) , and they scorn “ experts ” ( who are now apparently the biggest threat to democracy ) .
Trump 's supporters , like Brexit supporters before them , will say that these are merely the bleatings of the sore losers – the Remoaners , the Grimtons , or whatever portmanteau is conceived next . This objection always misses the obvious point that these people are n't mourning for themselves . Whereas those who voted for Trump and Brexit did so to turn time back for their personal benefit , those who voted for remain or Hillary Clinton did so because they know time only moves forward , and this benefits society . To try to force it back hurts everyone .
To call out voters for falling for such damagingly racist and sexist messages is viewed by politicians as a vote-killer and dangerously snobby by the media , as though working-class people are precious toddlers who must be humoured and ca n't possibly be held responsible for any flawed thinking . There is no doubt the white working classes in the west have suffered in recent decades , yet no other demographic that has endured similarly straitened circumstances is indulged in this way . For decades , American politicians have demonised the black working classes who suffered far worse structural inequalities and for far longer – and Trump continues to do so today .
And yet , as Stacey Pattoon wrote , only the white working classes are accorded this handwringing and insistent media empathy . No one is telling these voters to pull up their boot straps . The much-discussed American Dream is only considered “ broken ” when it 's the white working classes who are suffering . When it 's African-Americans , they are simply lazy and morally flawed .
But Clinton , according to the politicians and journalists who indulge inverted narratives , was seen as simply too corrupt and establishment by these voters . “ Trump 's election is an unmistakable rejection of a political establishment and an economic system that simply is n't working for most people , ” Jeremy Corbyn said , as though the election of a racist property billionaire who inherited his wealth was the class warrior triumph we 've all been waiting for . But if anyone thinks that , it is because the media promoted false equivalencies throughout this campaign to a degree never before seen .
The US has elected its most dangerous leader . We all have plenty to fear | Jonathan Freedland Read more
On Tuesday , the Times headlined its editorial about the election “ Tough Choice ” , as if the decision between a woman who used the wrong email server and a racist , sexist , tax-dodging bully was n't , in fact , the easiest choice in the world . Clinton 's private email server was covered more ferociously than Trump 's misogyny . That Clinton had talked at Goldman Sachs was reported as a financial flaw somehow analogous to his non-payment of tax . However much people want to blame the Democrats , their voters or Clinton herself , the result of this election is due at least as much to anyone who pushed the narrative that Clinton and Trump were equally or even similarly “ bad ” .
Shame on them . The most qualified candidate in a generation was defeated by the least qualified of all time . That is what misogyny looks like , and , like all bigotries , it will end up dragging us all down .
The new rules will come into force for the forthcoming season and will also apply at youth levels
Players at grassroots level who assault a match official will now receive a minimum five-year ban , the Football Association has told BBC Sport .
The new laws , to be introduced for the 2017-18 season , will apply to 'step five ' - four tiers beneath the National League - and leagues below .
There will also be at least an 84-day ban and £100 fine for any physical contact with a match official .
Verbal threats will incur a minimum 56-day ban , or six matches , and £50 fine .
These sanctions will be a minimum , but a commission can increase the ban based on aggravating factors .
Earlier this month the FA also confirmed 32 grassroots leagues in England will trial sin-bins in the 2017-18 season .
Players will now spend 10 minutes out of the game if they are shown a yellow card for dissent .
THE HSE HAS been criticised for its failure to protect today 's children , by an organisation providing therapy to those who have been victims of sexual abuse .
The CARI Foundation , which has been campaigning for specialised HSE counselling services for children who have been sexually assaulted , said it has now been forced to reduce its own offering across the country due to a reduction in funding .
TheJournal.ie has learned of one case of a child who was the victim of a sexual assault six months ago and has since tried to end her own life . Her family are still waiting for the HSE to assign a counsellor .
Mary Flaherty , CEO of CARI said this is not a rare example and described the lack of counselling facilities for sexual abuse victims as an “ inexplicable scandal ” .
“ The simple fact is that there are no specialised services to deal with the huge issues the children are dealing with , ” she said .
Flaherty said that the HSE 's child and adolescent mental health services do not take in sexual abuse victims as “ child sex abuse is not considered a mental health issue ” .
“ If they attempt suicide , they 'll just get emergency counselling and then there 's no longterm care , ” she said . “ Most of the services specifically exclude sexual abuse because it 's not one of the catagories . It 's almost beyond belief that we will diagnose and confirm abuse , we 'll investigate it and then after it 's confirmed the children are just told ‘ off you go ' ” .
Historic abuse
Flaherty said that the focus on addressing past abuse has led to the government ignoring children who are being abused today .
“ Right now the government is concentrating on the historic abuse and this led to all of the investment going into adult services with national centres set up for adults who were victims as children etc. ” she said .
When it comes to ourselves , we 're based in Dublin and Limerick having pulled out of Cork due to reduced funding . We have two children 's hospitals and there are some small localised services which are very minimal , so basically we have no equivalent to the adult counselling service .
She said that adults who were victims as children are often “ horrifed ” to hear that the state is not offering support services to children who are being abused today .
“ We have had calls from women who were abused in childhood who would love to think that there is a service for children today and they would have presumed there was , ” she said .
HSE services
When contacted by TheJournal.ie , the HSE said it receives an average of 2,500 reports of child sexual abuse each year and provides and funds services for children who have suffered sexual abuse and their families .
It said services are provided at four sexual abuse centres in two hospitals in Dublin , one in Waterford and one in Cork .
A wide range of therapeutic and treatment services are also provided by the following : psychology services , mental health services , the ATHRU service in Galway , the COSC service in Donegal , the NIAP service in north Dublin and the SIAT service in south Dublin . The HSE also provides children 's residential care services in the South East .
However Flaherty said there are still whole areas around the country where these kinds of services – state-run or otherwise- simply do n't exist and the limited service available are stretched to their limit .
The CARI waiting list for counselling has gone from two or three months now up to 12 months with 29 people currently waiting for the service in Dublin and 19 in Limerick .
“ Children are travelling down from Drogheda , Louth , lots of places that we used to do outreach services but as our resources declined we were losing time travelling and losing money renting additional premises , ” Flaherty said .
Struggling with everyday life
“ If the children do n't access counselling and it 's left untreated , they tend to struggle to deal with every day life , ” she said . “ Many of them self-harm , they struggle at school and some go on to develop problems with addiction . If they 're given a chance to process it , they can return to school with all of that confusion and anger processed and it gives them at least a chance to move on ” .
The government has approved the Heads of the Child and Family Support Agency Bill which would include the establishment of a Child and Family Agency . In February this year CARI made a presentation to the Oireachtas Committee on Health and Children in which it appealed to the government to establish a national service .
Flaherty said that the current plan that a national service be put in place using existing resources within the HSE is “ laughable ” .
“ The approach seems to be to try to spread current services around the country . We do n't see this as possible because the number of therapists with experience with adolescents who have been through this type of trauma is so small . ”
By Lee Kyung-min
Over the past two years , 159 women aged 18 or older have been reported missing in Suwon , the Gyeonggi Provincial Police Agency said Thursday .
Suwon is the scene of last month 's gruesome `` torso murder '' in Paldal-gu , in which a Korean-Chinese illegal alien Park Chun-bong killed his Korean-Chinese ex-girlfriend and discarded her body parts in four separate places . Ten women , five each in 2012 and 2013 living in Paldal-gu were reported missing , police said .
In 2012 , another Korean-Chinese , Oh Won-choon , kidnapped and killed a 23-year-old woman and cut the body into more than 300 pieces . Oh was jailed for life last year .
Police plan to expand their investigations based on a possible link between the missing women and Park , who was arrested on Dec. 15 .
Police said they have designated some districts in Suwon where there are large foreign communities as `` vulnerable areas , '' and will increase patrols and security measure .
Such areas include Maekyo-dong , Kyo-dong , Godeung-dong and Ji-dong , where some 47,000 foreigners including illegal aliens reside .
More foreigners reside in the districts because they work at factories there .
The Republican Party has hit depths not seen since the days of the Iraq War . And there 's no end in sight for the GOP .
Being viewed as a chronic liar who supports child molesters and does n't support the values of most voters is not only destroying Donald Trump 's standing as president , but it 's also causing voters to flee the Republican Party this year .
And they 're doing it at a record pace .
According to a CNN report , “ Only 38 % of Americans self-identify as Republicans or Republican-leaning independents during 2017 . ”
That 's down five points in just one year . “ That also means roughly one in eight people who identified as Republicans or Republican-leaning in November 2016 no longer do so , ” CNN reports .
That new low-water mark falls even below the depths that the Republican Party hit in the wake of President George W. Bush 's disastrous and costly invasion of Iraq . In fact , it 's the lowest mark for the GOP since 1991 . And Trump is clearly driving the exodus .
Often overlooked in the hurricane of wrongdoing from the White House is just how widely Trump is despised and what an incredibly low opinion Americans have of Trump as a person .
Instead of seeing a unifying figure of pride , Trump is viewed as a morally questionable man who embarrasses the country . No wonder voters are abandoning the party Trump leads .
From the latest national Quinnipiac poll :
62 – 34 percent that he is not honest 62 – 35 percent that he does not have good leadership skills ; 62 – 37 percent , that he does not care about average Americans ; 70 – 28 percent that he is not level headed ; 57 – 40 percent that he is a strong person ; 52 – 45 percent that he is intelligent ; 65 – 32 percent that he does not share their values .
With the exception of Richard Nixon , there are few American presidents who so many voters viewed as being personally detestable the way so many see Trump .
All of this is depleting the GOP while giving rise to a looming Democratic wave in 2018 .
There has long been a perception that Hunt Sports Group ran the Crew with a tight fist and squeezed every nickel out of the franchise . This perception was based on some truth , which is how `` Massive '' entered the local lexicon . It means to overcome everything and everyone - including your management .
There has long been a perception that Hunt Sports Group ran the Crew with a tight fist and squeezed every nickel out of the franchise . This perception was based on some truth , which is how � Massive� entered the local lexicon . It means to overcome everything and everyone � including your management .
Thus , many fans welcomed the change in ownership , announced on Tuesday , when Clark Hunt officially handed the Crew over to Anthony Precourt and Precourt Sports Ventures . Precourt will be around more often , he will have a larger piece of his heart in the enterprise , and he can not be as cheap . Right ?
This Crew team was touted by management as a contender for the Eastern Conference title , yet it has found creative ways to lose and sports the fourth-worst record among 19 teams in Major League Soccer . The fresh start is welcomed � yet it is tempered to some degree because we know little of Precourt or his intentions .
The Crew still has issues . It requires a new practice facility , it has yet to find a naming-rights sponsor for the stadium and , eventually , the building itself will need updating . Plenty of cities are clamoring for an MLS entr�e . A new owner might see greener pastures on the horizon .
Or maybe not : The Crew has deep roots in Columbus , it has a far-reaching ( and likely highly profitable ) junior-soccer system , and fan support has always been there � even this year . The Crew is not among the top MLS teams in terms of gate receipts , but it is among the top four in percentage of capacity and attendance is actually up over last year . This speaks well of the supporters , and the franchise , if not the team itself . Imagine if it actually won .
When the ownership transfer occurred , I had two immediate thoughts : This is good for the franchise and for the fans , provided Precourt is dug in here ; it is also the passing of an era , and the parting of ways with Lamar Hunt�s family � and they deserve our gratitude .
Lamar Hunt , who died in 2006 , might have been the greatest sportsman of the 20th century . He founded more leagues than Jules Verne , but his importance goes well beyond mere financing . He was the father of the modern idea of parity , a proponent of recruiting African-American football players and a key figure in the AFL-NFL merger . He was also the creator of World Championship Tennis , which fed the tennis boom of the 1970s and provided the framework for the ATP Tour .
MLS was Lamar Hunt�s brainchild , and we are lucky he chose Columbus when the ground floor was laid in 1996 . His relationship with the city was strained after he was frozen out of the NHL expansion bid in the late 1990s , which led to a series of suits and countersuits . Certainly , all of this did not help the Crew . Precourt will not have the burden of this history , which is a notable positive .
In a recent interview , Clark Hunt said the family steers clear of rating his father�s accomplishments � but Crew Stadium has a special place . Lamar long believed that soccer could succeed in the United States . He bet $ 30 million on it and built the country�s first soccer-specific stadium , which opened in 1999 . The seed he planted grew , flowered and flourished , coast to coast .
�In �98 , the league was heading into a downturn , � Clark Hunt said . �Without his foresight , drive and guts in building that stadium , the league might not have made it . He put down the anchor . He provided a model . It all started with Crew Stadium.�
The Hunt family will not fade from view in Columbus , not as long as the bronze statue of Lamar Hunt stands outside the stadium he built , and fans flock to other stadiums in other cities to watch soccer in America . Precourt is the next trustee . May he handle it well .
Michael Arace is a sports reporter for The Dispatch .
marace @ dispatch.com
@ MichaelArace1
Wes Clark and the neocon dream In 2007 , the retired General described a necon `` policy coup '' aimed at toppling the governments of 7 countries
( updated below )
In October , 2007 , Gen. Wesley Clark gave a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco ( seven-minute excerpt in the video below ) in which he denounced what he called `` a policy coup '' engineered by neocons in the wake of 9/11 . After recounting how a Pentagon source had told him weeks after 9/11 of the Pentagon 's plan to attack Iraq notwithstanding its non-involvement in 9/11 , this is how Clark described the aspirations of the `` coup '' being plotted by Dick Cheney , Don Rumsfeld , Paul Wolfowitz and what he called `` a half dozen other collaborators from the Project for the New American Century '' :
Advertisement :
Six weeks later , I saw the same officer , and asked : `` Why have n't we attacked Iraq ? Are we still going to attack Iraq ? '' He said : `` Sir , it 's worse than that . He said - he pulled up a piece of paper off his desk - he said : `` I just got this memo from the Secretary of Defense 's office . It says we 're going to attack and destroy the governments in 7 countries in five years - we 're going to start with Iraq , and then we 're going to move to Syria , Lebanon , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Iran . ''
Clark said the aim of this plot was this : `` They wanted us to destabilize the Middle East , turn it upside down , make it under our control . '' He then recounted a conversation he had had ten years earlier with Paul Wolfowitz -- back in 1991 -- in which the then-number-3-Pentagon-official , after criticizing Bush 41 for not toppling Saddam , told Clark : `` But one thing we did learn [ from the Persian Gulf War ] is that we can use our military in the region - in the Middle East - and the Soviets wo n't stop us . And we 've got about 5 or 10 years to clean up those old Soviet regimes - Syria , Iran [ sic ] , Iraq -- before the next great superpower comes on to challenge us . '' Clark said he was shocked by Wolfowitz 's desires because , as Clark put it : `` the purpose of the military is to start wars and change governments ? It 's not to deter conflicts ? ''
The current turmoil in the Middle East is driven largely by popular revolts , not by neocon shenanigans . Still , in the aftermath of military-caused regime change in Iraq and Libya ( the latter leading to this and this ) , with concerted regime change efforts now underway aimed at Syria and Iran , with active and escalating proxy fighting in Somalia , with a modest military deployment to South Sudan , and the active use of drones in six -- count 'em : six -- different Muslim countries , it is worth asking whether the neocon dream as laid out by Clark is dead or is being actively pursued and fulfilled , albeit with means more subtle and multilateral than full-on military invasions ( it 's worth remembering that neocons specialized in dressing up their wars in humanitarian packaging : Saddam 's rape rooms ! Gassed his own people ! ) . As Jonathan Schwarz ( or , as he would be called by establishment newspapers : `` a person familiar with Jon Schwarz 's thinking on the subject who asked not to be identified '' ) put it about the supposedly contentious national security factions :
As far as I can tell , there 's barely any difference in goals within the foreign policy establishment . They just disagree on the best methods to achieve the goals . My guess is that everyone agrees we have to continue defending the mideast from outside interference ( I love that Hillary line ) , and the [ Democrats ] just think that best path is four overt wars and three covert actions , while the neocons want to jump straight to seven wars .
The difference between seven and four overt wars is n't non-existent or unimportant , of course , but it 's a question of means . The neocon end as Clark reported them -- regime change in those seven countries -- seems as vibrant as ever . It 's just striking to listen to Clark describe those 7 countries in which the neocons plotted to have regime change back in 2001 , and then compare that to what the U.S. Government did and continues to do since then with regard to those precise countries .
UPDATE : Those unreasonable , inscrutable Pakistanis are angry just because the U.S. entered their country by air and killed 30 of their soldiers today . As a result , they have demanded that the U.S. vacate its drone base on their soil . What an outrageous over-reaction : I 'm sure the U.S. would be extremely understanding if a foreign nation came and killed 30 U.S. soldiers on American soil from the air .
Daryl Allan Katz ( born May 31 , 1961 ) is a Canadian billionaire businessman and philanthropist . Katz is founder and chairman of the Katz Group of Companies , one of Canada 's largest privately owned enterprises , with pharmacy , sports & entertainment , and real estate development businesses . Katz Group owns the Edmonton Oilers , and is leading the development of Rogers Place arena and the Ice District . Katz is a former lawyer , and resides in Edmonton .
Early life [ edit ]
Daryl Katz was born in 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta . [ 2 ] His father was a pharmacist who founded Value Drug Mart in Edmonton in the 1970s . [ 3 ] Katz attended the Jewish day school , Talmud Torah School during his elementary years and then graduated from Jasper Place High School . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] He then attended the University of Alberta , graduating with an arts degree in 1982 and with a law degree in 1985 . [ 3 ]
Pharmacy business [ edit ]
After school , he worked for a time at the law firm , Shoctor , Mousseau and Starkman , [ 3 ] and then started his own practice focusing on corporate and franchise law . In 1991 , in a partnership with his father , Katz paid $ 300,000 for the Canadian rights to the U.S.-based Medicine Shoppe drugstore franchise which had over 1,000 stores in the USA . In 1992 , they opened the first Medicine Shoppe store and Katz founded the Katz Group of Companies which was to become the holding company for the group . In 1996 , Katz purchased the storied but fading Rexall drugstore chain in Canada which at the time , only consisted of several dozen stores . The business grew and by 1998 , the Katz Group consisted of 80 Rexall stores , 30 Medicine Shoppe outlets , and a few smaller independent retailers . In 1997 , he purchased the Ontario-based , 143-store Pharma Plus drug store chain from the supermarket operator Oshawa Group for $ 100 million . [ 4 ] Katz reportedly retains a small circle of highly paid executives who run Katz Group . Rexall Pharmacy is run from Ontario , while other subsidiaries of Katz group maintain private headquarters separate from Katz Group itself . [ 5 ]
In 1999 he ventured into the U.S. with the purchase of the money-losing , $ 300 million in sales , Minnesota-based Snyders Drug Store chain ; in 2001 , he purchased the U.S.-based Drug Emporium big-box discount chain . His foray into the U.S. was not without failure : the Snyder 's chain filed for bankruptcy in 2003 and its 25 stores were sold to Walgreens . In 2004 , Katz purchased the naming rights for ten years to the new $ 45-million Rexall Centre , a 12,500-seat tennis and entertainment complex on the campus of York University . In January 2012 , he sold Drug Trading Co. and Medicine Shoppe Canada to the U.S.-based drug distributor McKesson Corporation for $ 1.2 billion . Katz Group retained its network of approximately 460 corporate-owned 450 Rexall-branded outlets . [ 4 ]
Purchase of Edmonton Oilers and Creation of Oilers Entertainment Group ( OEG ) [ edit ]
In May 2007 , Katz made a $ 145-million bid to buy the Edmonton Oilers franchise , which the owners of the team , the Edmonton Investors Group ( EIG ) , quickly rejected , stating the team was not for sale . [ citation needed ]
In July 2007 , he made another bid for the Oilers of $ 185-million , which was turned down by the Edmonton Investment Group ( EIG ) on August 7 , 2007 . [ 6 ] On December 12 , 2007 , Katz made an offer of $ 188-million to the EIG . The Board of the EIG announced in January 2008 that it would again recommend to its shareholders to reject this latest bid . [ 7 ]
On January 28 , 2008 , Katz increased his offer to $ 200 million and extended the acceptance deadline to February 5 , 2008 , at which time Katz was notified by the EIG that all its members agreed to sell the Oilers to him , pending league and financial approval . [ 8 ] On June 18 , 2008 , Daryl Katz received the final OK from the National Hockey League to purchase the Edmonton Oilers , and then on July 2 , 2008 , he was officially announced as the owner of the Edmonton Oilers during a Press Conference at Rexall Place , where he was presented with an Edmonton Oilers Jersey with the number `` 08 '' and his last name patched onto the back . [ citation needed ]
In June 2014 , Katz Group announced [ 9 ] that Bob Nicholson would join the organization as Vice-Chairman of Oilers Entertainment Group ( OEG ) , a new sports and entertainment company that would manage the Katz Group 's growing family of sports and entertainment assets , and operate Rogers Place , the new home of the Edmonton Oilers . [ citation needed ]
In addition to the Oilers , OEG owns and operates the Edmonton Oil Kings ( WHL ) , and Bakersfield Condors ( AHL ) as well as Aquila Productions ( film & production company ) . Nicholson was named [ 10 ] CEO of OEG in April 2015 and given responsibility for both business and hockey operations . [ citation needed ]
In April 2015 , Katz announced a partnership [ 11 ] with Joel Silver to create Silver Pictures Entertainment – a new company that will develop , produce and provide or arrange financing for feature films , television and digital projects . Katz ' interests in the company fall under the OEG umbrella . [ citation needed ]
Rogers Place and Edmonton Ice District ( former Arena District ) [ edit ]
Katz has said he bought the Oilers because he saw Edmonton 's need for a new arena as an opportunity to be the catalyst for the revitalization of Edmonton 's downtown core . Following public consultations and negotiations with the City of Edmonton , Katz Group and the city agreed to a public-private partnership to build Rogers Place arena , which would see the city retain ownership of the new arena , and Katz Group operate it ( under OEG ) . The City 's portion of arena funding will be paid through a Community Revitalization Levy and will not result in any new cost to taxpayers . [ 12 ] Construction on the project began March 2014 . [ citation needed ]
Set to open in fall 2016 , Rogers Place was marketed as one of North America 's most advanced sports & entertainment venues , active year-round and featuring a 24,000 square foot grand entrance-way called the Winter Garden which can be used as public/private programmable space . [ 13 ]
With Rogers Place at its core , Katz Group has begun construction of the Edmonton Arena District ( EAD ) , [ 14 ] slated to be Canada 's largest mixed-use sports and entertainment development . The EAD will cover 25 contiguous acres of downtown Edmonton , and feature a 50,000 square foot public plaza , two office towers , a JW Marriott Hotel , a Gateway casino , over 1,000 luxury condos and rental apartments , and 270,000 square feet of retail space at a total cost of approximately $ 2.5 billion . In 2014 , it was announced that the City of Edmonton and Stantec would be the major tenants of the two respective office towers . Stantec 's tower will be the tallest in Edmonton at 62 storeys . [ 15 ]
The Edmonton Arena District was formally renamed the Ice District on July 13 , 2015 . [ citation needed ]
Philanthropy [ edit ]
In October 2006 Katz announced a $ 7 million donation to the University of Alberta Faculty of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences and Faculty of Law . Matched by the province , the gift was the largest donation ever to a Canadian pharmacy school . The west wing of the Health Research Innovation Facility at the corner of 87th Avenue and 114th Street in Edmonton has been named The Katz Group Centre for Pharmacy and Health Research . In 2009 Katz donated $ 20 Million to Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto and founded The Daryl A Katz Centre For Urgent And Critical Care . [ 16 ] Katz has also given `` millions '' to the Stollery Children 's Hospital in Edmonton , as well as supporting public events . [ 17 ]
Between 2005 and 2010 , Katz and his wife have donated `` over $ 50 million '' to organizations and institutions across Canada . [ 18 ] [ 19 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Katz ' net worth is reported at US $ 3.5 billion which makes him the 12th wealthiest person in Canada . [ 1 ]
Katz is married to Renee Gouin . [ 3 ] She is the daughter of Jean Yvon ( Ivan ) Gouin . In 1952 , her father founded the North American Construction Group which became one of the largest mining and heavy construction companies in Canada . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
Model and actress Greice Santo accused Katz in 2016 of repeatedly offering her money in exchange for sex , which she refused . She alleges Katz offered to be her `` fairy godfather . '' [ 22 ]
Katz 's riverfront mansion at 4 Valleyview Point in the Parkview neighbourhood , is one of the largest houses in Edmonton at 25,000 square feet ( 2,300 m2 ) , and estimated to be worth C $ 13 million . [ 23 ] The property overlooks the North Saskatchewan river valley , Hawrelak Park , and the downtown city skyline and is easily visible and instantly recognizable from the river valley 's many trails . The great room is clad floor-to-ceiling in 90-kilogram ( 200 lb ) blocks of Italian limestone and with 9-metre ( 30 ft ) -high windows framing a view of downtown . [ 24 ] The property also features two swimming pools . For his children , Katz bought the multimillion-dollar house next to his , demolished it , and built a practice hockey rink .
Katz also owns homes in the US and British Columbia , the latter reportedly a near carbon copy of his Edmonton home . [ 17 ]
Canada 's military is looking at ways to potentially contribute to missile defence but it has yet to figure out how it would be able to afford such a capability , according to documents obtained by the Citizen .
The Pentagon is open to having Canada play some kind of supporting role in its missile defence shield , Canadian military officers say privately . U.S. officials have expressed interest , in particular , in Canada 's potential contribution of a multi-purpose sensor system in the Arctic which would not only track ballistic missiles but ships and aircraft . That capability could be one of Canada 's major future contributions to the joint U.S.-Canadian North American Aerospace Defence Command , or NORAD .
Canadian defence scientists plan to conduct research into what is being termed “ continental surveillance radars , ” according to an April 2015 outline of research projects compiled by Defence Research and Development Canada in Ottawa . “ Desired outcomes ( include ) enhanced interoperability with NORAD , ” the document noted .
During an April 2015 meeting in Ottawa with industry representatives , navy Commander Mike McEntee also pointed out that the service was interested in missile defence , including “ ballistic missile detection and engagement . ”
The U.S. has outfitted some of its warships with interceptor missiles and uses advanced radars to provide information to its ground-based missile shield . Future Canadian warships could be outfitted with similar capabilities , navy officers have said .
Last month , Conservative Leader Stephen Harper raised the possibility of Canada taking a role in the U.S. missile defence system . During a campaign stop in Hay River , N.W.T. , Harper noted that a Conservative government would consider such an initiative if the country 's security was in jeopardy .
Last year , the Senate defence committee recommended that Canada join the U.S. missile defence shield . Two former Liberal defence ministers , David Pratt and Bill Graham , have also endorsed the idea .
In 2005 , Liberal Prime Minister Paul Martin decided against Canada 's involvement in the controversial U.S. system . The Pentagon has spent about $ 100 billion since 2002 on the missile shield but critics say the system still ca n't destroy incoming warheads .
In April , NORAD commander U.S. Admiral Bill Gortney was asked about the American government 's desire for a new multi-purpose sensor system in Canada 's Arctic that could not only detect incoming ballistic missiles but monitor ships and aircraft .
Gortney noted that within 10 years the existing radars operated by Canada and the U.S. would be obsolete and would need to be replaced . “ We 're now just bringing that up through our policy leaders as well as with the Canadian government , ” he added .
Canadian defence officials see the provision of a new radar system in the Arctic as potentially fulfilling part of its contribution to the future of NORAD , according to a September 2013 Department of National Defence briefing note .
But the DND document recently obtained by the Citizen through the Access to Information law raised questions about the lack of money for that and other NORAD-related initiatives .
“ How do we resource it ? ” officials asked in the briefing note . “ The U.S. is currently managing the impact of significant budget reductions in a time of fiscal uncertainty , and DND/CAF also finds itself with budget constraints . ”
NORAD conducted a strategic review last year noting the need for improved sensors , communications and infrastructure in the high North in order to remain effective into the future .
The estimated life expectancy of the current radars , called the North Warning System , is around 2025 , according to DND . That system is comprised of 47 unmanned long- and short-range radar stations stretching from Alaska to Labrador .
dpugliese @ ottawacitizen.com
Twitter.com/davidpugliese
A fire broke out on Christmas Day at the house where former US President Bill Clinton spent his childhood years , in the town of Hope , Arkansas . An investigation has been launched into the case , with police suspecting arson .
The blaze that damaged the historical site known as the William J. Clinton Birthplace was first reported to the emergency services by a motorist who had been passing by the house in the early hours of Friday .
Police and fire crews reportedly arrived within minutes , with a smell of an accelerant still having been detectable at the site , authorities said .
Bill Clinton 's Childhood Home Damaged in Fire , Authorities Suspect Arson https : //t.co/xWSh8S8XiIpic.twitter.com/9tMXpZHRHt — Mediaite ( @ Mediaite ) December 25 , 2015
`` It sure smelled like gasoline to me , '' local police chief J.R. Wilson told AFP , adding that `` it 's pretty logical it [ the fire ] was purposely set . ''
Some black graffiti that was n't seen before , had also been spotted on the building by firefighters , Wilson said . `` It has no meaning to us , '' he told USA Today , adding that police are now analyzing the evidence .
Bill Clinton 's childhood home was not badly damaged , with the blaze having run up an exterior back wall of the building . There are currently no suspects , the police chief said .
`` In this house , I learned to walk and talk ; I learned to pray ; I learned to read ; I learned to count , '' Bill Clinton , who was born in 1946 , once said , according to the Clinton Childhood Museum 's website . It was built in 1917 and belonged to his grandparents .
This author writes a terrific , funny , suspenseful story about the escapades of Hetta Coffee , a private sleuth . By trade , Hetta is a civil engineer , running her own consulting business specializing in Materials Management . She 's a gal who has taken to sea voyaging in her cruiser , 'Raymond James . ' Currently she is docked in Santa Rosalia , Mexico , which is an old mining village . Her new job is a commitment of up to three months . With new money coming into town , the El Boleo mine is reopened ( funded in part by South Korea ) and the community as sprung to life again with cars , driving bumper to bumper . Her job is at another mine further up the mountain , referred to as the Lucifer Mine . She has her yacht docked at a pier , and gets her truck ferried over from the mainland . She 's not going to let Distracted Pedro drive her up the Hill of Hell anymore ! After driving the truck from the ferry to her yacht , exhausted , she discovers someone has boarded 'Raymond James ' and emptied out her refrigerator . She Skypes Jenks , her lover , who is currently in Dubai working a job . He gets her security system activated and reminds her to lock the hatches upon retiring . Starting her new job , she learns of the disappearance of a worker , now presumed dead , after the company yacht , 'Lucifer ' is discovered beached and no one aboard . However , Hetta and her best friend , Jan , wake as someone is sneaking aboard again . Low and behold ... it 's the man that was assumed dead , Rosario Pardo , who claims someone in the company was trying to kill him . Well , Hetta is an investigator at heart , or ... is she just a snoop who always heads into trouble and causes more than the criminals ? Again , this novel is flamboyantly written , the pace is vigorous , the characters are unique , and the ending is nearly catastrophic . Once you befriend , Hetta Coffee , you wo n't want to miss out on any of her misadventures !
Because “ smart growth ” can sound like code for “ the rest of you are dumb . ”
Mitchell Silver spends a lot of time traveling the country in his role as the president of the American Planning Association . In that time , he has learned that there are certain words you just do n't use with audiences outside of the urban core . For instance : urban . “ The minute I open about ‘ urban , ' they say it 's time for me to leave , ” Silver says , referring to crowds in smaller towns and rural communities . “ When we say ‘ urban , ' they hear it as ‘ anti-rural . ' ” It 's possible to forget amid all the talk about our increasingly urbanized world that not everyone lives in urban settings , or wants to , or even wants to hear about urban problems as if they were the only problems on earth . That 's not to say we should n't talk about cities ( Atlantic Cities would never suggest that ! ) . But there is a way to do so without patronizing or triggering the defenses of people who do n't live in large metros ( or the politicians , like Rick Santorum , who do live there but like to pretend that they do n't ) . `` Antagonistic language keeps us from having this broader dialogue . '' So how exactly should city-lovers navigate this linguistic minefield ? Silver suggested we talk to Chuck Marohn , the executive director of the non-profit Strong Towns , about what kind of language prickles non-urban ears . We asked him , for starters , if he 's run into this same problem . “ I do n't think I 've run into it , ” Marohn says , “ as much as I 've lived it . ”
He grew up on a Minnesota farm about three miles outside of the town of Brainerd , population : 13,700 . You could n't even buy shoes there when Marohn was a kid . “ Once a year , we 'd take a trip down to the big city and buy all our clothes , ” he says . “ When we got a Walmart , it was this great thing , because now there was shopping up the road. ” He became a civil engineer and then started building the kinds of places he saw around him : strip malls , big-box stores , suburban subdivisions . He thought this was great stuff , the stuff that people wanted . But he would frequently encounter engineering and planning literature that insisted it was not . “ I kept getting hit with stuff that was ‘ new urbanism , ' the whole environmental debate , ” he says . “ Quite frankly , I stayed away from it . I did n't like it . I did n't want anything to do with ‘ new urbanism , ' and it was largely because I looked at it as a left-wing , urban-oriented , make-me-ride-the-bus kind of movement. ” In retrospect , Marohn blames some of his own ignorance . But he also blames the language of urbanists : sprawl , smart growth , transit-oriented development . This language can seem fundamentally antagonistic , Marohn says ( yes , yes , it 's equally antagonistic to describe cities as “ elite , ” as somewhere “ real ” Americans do n't live , but we 're practicing introspection here , not finger-pointing ) . “ Transit-oriented development ” assumes that people have transit to start with . “ Smart growth ” implies all other living patterns are stupid . “ Density ” sounds a lot like “ sardines. ” And “ auto-oriented ” anything can come with a whiff of condescension .
“ That antagonistic language keeps us from having this broader dialogue , ” Marohn says . “ It allows us to remain polarized round issues that at their central core are universal . We all want to live in places that we like . We all want to feel safe . We all want access to food , shelter , recreation , entertainment . These are things that are essentially universal. ” In his own writing for Strong Towns , Marohn never uses any of these terms . Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... “ To me , it seemed a little preachy , ” he says . “ These people who lived in urban areas would come out and tell me how to live , tell me that you should n't enjoy living where you do , you should n't like your job , you should n't feel good about the lifestyle that you 're living because it 's bad , and what we 're doing is good . What you 're doing is dumb and what we 're doing is smart . What you 're doing is sprawl , and what we 're doing is smart growth. ” ( It 's interesting here to pause and ponder if “ sprawl ” is one of those words that naturally sounds odious – like “ phlegm ” or “ yuck ” – or if it has just taken on that connotation as a result of so much sneering ) . Marohn says he has realized over the past decade that he and the New Urbanists are actually often talking about the same thing . The urban experience and the small-town experience have more in common than people think . And they 've both been distorted by the suburban experiment . The picture looks different . In cities , it looks like an army of surface parking lots has devoured our downtowns . Small towns have also been hallowed out at the core and nipped at their edges by encroaching subdivisions . But the effect is the same , Marohn says : an erosion of civic space , which has led to an erosion of the financial viability of communities . And this is the language he uses to talk about planning – the language of economics , of debt and prosperity and gas prices . Sure , economic arguments are often environmental ones , too ( saving on gas also saves the environment ! ) . But Marohn only ever mentions this under his breath , like , “ oh , by the way , reinvesting in our existing infrastructure is good for the environment , too. ” He says he sometimes ticks off environmentalists by acknowledging their worldview as an afterthought instead of up front . “ The ones that are intellectually honest kind of get it , that we 're talking about the same thing , we 're just starting from a different place , ” he says . “ If we want to reach the mass of humanity in this country , we need to start somewhere else. ” To Marohn , differences in terms can obscure the fact that our fundamental problems require similar fixes . It 's not that cities need “ smart growth ” and rural towns are destined to die in the mass exodus from dumb farms to sardine-like urban apartments . Rather , everyone needs to figure out how to rebuild communities that are n't caught in the trap of endlessly expanding development – not because this pattern is morally or environmentally problematic , but because it 's financially so . Photo credit : Cedric Weber/Shutterstock ( left ) , Miks/Shutterstock ( right )
Behold , North America 's least pretentious best albums list of 2017 , chosen by Amplify 's Dave Brooks . In a year of rage and blistering bitterness , it 's no surprise that a big part of our 2017 picks have a decidedly pissed-off bent . Anger is an underlying current that seems to run through much of the media and political dialogue right now , and while it 's not a surprise that some artists are tapping into this powerful emotion , there are still plenty who treat their art as a means of escapism .
This year 's best albums picks — our fourth in a row ( here is 2014 , 2015 and 2016 ) — celebrate both the conscious and the distracted , the angry and joyous , the content and uncomfortable . This year 's picks have been shrunk to just ten albums , representing the music that was on heavy rotation here at Amplify Global HQ .
Disagree or think we missed something ? Email [ email protected ] and share your thoughts .
10 . Grace VanderWaal , Just the Beginning
I first saw Grace VanderWaal perform at this year 's Billboard Women in Music event in Los Angeles and I was blown away by this 13-year-old 's incredible talent and poise . Introduced to the world by winning Season 11 of NBC 's America 's Got Talent , VanderWaal is a singer-songwriter from Suffern , New York known for her wispy vocals and gentle ukulele-playing . Simon Cowell believes this fierce teen , who writes her own material , is the next Taylor Swift . This 12-song , debut full-length disc is a collection of songs that superbly displays all of her quirky , imperfectly joyful talents . While the album is certainly geared toward teens and a younger audience , VanderWaal 's raspy vocals are a delightful surprise for anyone who loves empowering lyrics and catchy sing-a-longs .
9 . Margo Price , All American Made
This country singer brings a life of pain , hardship and addiction to her second album , which has drawn comparisons to female outlaw country legends like Tammy Wynette , Emmylou Harris , and Loretta Lynn . As the story goes , Price began working on All American Made the day after the 2016 election , sampling classic American sounds like R & B , gospel and soul , and stirring them in with her tender-hearted twang . While Price is often celebrated for her earnest songwriting , it 's her provocative tracks that add a sense of urgency to her music . The album 's title track — the 12th and final song on the album — mulls over the threat of nuclear war while past presidential speeches crackle in the distance . Her message — we may live in frightening times now , but we 've been through this before , and we 've survived and gotten stronger . Everything should work out ok — we hope .
8 . Miguel , War & Leisure
Leave it to Miguel to release the only political album of 2017 that 's also a freaky-deaky tribute to the bump and grind . War & Leisure is a record that could be played at a political rally or romantic rendezvous . Like his previous album Wildheart , War & Leisure is a sensual mix of hip-hop and neo-soul , with plenty of innuendo and sexual mysticism laid out over a purveying sense of psychedelia that is very easy on the ears . It 's also an album that shows impressive growth for the San Pedro , California , singer who finds a political voice on songs like “ Now ” which takes aim at America 's crackdown on migrant families and the criminalization of America 's undocumented workers . Songs like “ Banana Clip ” combine political and sexual anxiety into a 1970s-style soul jam , while “ Sky Walkers ” celebrates the things that help Miguel live his best life — surfing , weed and being surrounded by a beautiful ( and profoundly diverse ) collection of bodacious babes . War & Leisure is an album that captures the ethos of our era , combining fear , anger and injustice with a not-so-subtle reminder that we 're all still human beings and in order to keep our sanity , we still need to get freaky on the regular .
7 . Turnpike Troubadours , A Long Way From Your Heart
I am always scratching my head wondering what it will take for Turnpike Troubadours to have their breakout moment . Sure , I appreciate the political leanings of guys like Jason Isbell and Sturgill Simpson , but I realize their left-leaning views are n't for everyone . On their latest album A Long Way From Your Heart , Turnpike Troubadours avoid political discourse with a collection of incredible songs that celebrate the Texas and Oklahoma rural lifestyle , using immersive story-telling to tap into feelings of loneliness , family , friendship and most often despair . The first track , “ The Housefire ” is a sad homage to man who watched the house he built burn down in front of him , while the track “ Tornado Warning ” is a funny tune about luring a love interest to move away from the city , only to find oneself in the path of a deadly twister . Turnpike Troubadours consistently write authentic , multi-layered country songs that provide the blue state elites with a familiar and relatable look into the lives of our red state contemporaries . It 's music that celebrates understanding one another and finding similarities in our stories .
6 . Taylor Swift , Reputation
There is no better pop songwriter than the anointed queen of 2017 Taylor Swift , and her latest album Reputation does not disappoint , with a strong starting line of club bangers and dance hits that are fun , catchy and infectious . Yes , I 'm a bit uncouth about Ms . Swift 's inability to get past her petty indifferences and , personally , I think it 's time to , I do n't know , maybe get over it , but it 's clear that conflict drives this young starlet and as she explains on the album 's second track , “ I swear I do n't love the drama , it loves me. ” Hmmmmmm . Not sure about that Tay Tay , but after selling 2 million albums through traditional retail this year ( without streaming or bundling ) , Taylor is still number one in the pop game .
5 . Kendrick Lamar , DAMN .
What 's lost in the many positive reviews of Kendrick Lamar 's 2017 opus is an acknowledgment of the eeriness that permeates much of DAMN . The album can speed up and slow down on an instant , taking listeners from a blasting rap beat to a quiet , slowly moving mumble over a stripped down drum beat and melody . DAMN . does n't spend as much as time as Lamar 's To Pimp A Butterfly trying to push hip-hop forward , but instead takes a seemingly classicist route to rap music . With his dazzling display of showy rhyme skills , consciousness-raising political screeds , self-examination and bass-crazy-kicking , Kendrick displays his many talents . He explores the idea of being a rapper with both fast and furious rhymes on songs like “ DNA , ” “ Element , ” “ Feel , ” “ Humble ” and “ XXX ” while tangling listeners into a complex web of self-reflection that leaves them with more questions than answers . In a year where thoughtless opium anthems like Post Malone 's “ Rockstar ” dominate the streaming charts , DAMN . is a reminder of the power and depth still percolating in rap music .
4 . Queens of the Stone Age , Villains
Oh Josh Homme , how you piss me off in this moment of consequential self-importance . The Queens of Stone Age 's new album Villains is an incredibly powerful undercurrent of creepy sexualization , cultish devotion and necessary ultra-violence , all beautifully produced by Mark Ronson in nine wonderfully connected tracks that celebrate our darker inner demons with the absolute BEST guitar riffs of 2017 . So WHY THE FUCK did you screw it up by kicking that photographer in the head at KROQ 's Almost Acoustic Christmas ? I . Just . Ca n't . Right Now . This album is everything QOTSA — hate sex , vanity and slow , painfully excruciating collective misery brought on by two decades of don't-give-a-fiuck shit-grinning — all things I love and now have lost after Homme 's dumb , drunken psycho rampage . To think what could have been Josh . So close . Yet so far .
3 . SZA , Ctrl
On her debut album , SZA wins by not being afraid to doubt herself in half-insecure , half-cocky songs like “ Drew Barrymore ” and “ Supermodel. ” A musical and lyrical omnivore with the complexity to match her candor , SZA rises in the male-dominated world of hip-hop through honesty and self-reflection while avoiding the boisterous claims that make the genre a bit tired . With Ctrl , SZA proves that the cult following that ballooned with the release of her 2014 mixtape , Z , was not some flash in the pan , but a deserved offering of admiration from her growing fan base and dedicated followers .
2 . Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit , Nashville Sound
Once you 're in a legendary band like Drive-By Truckers , it 's hard to establish a career with a backing band that can live up to fan standards , but amazingly Jason Isbell gets pretty close on to his new album Nashville Sound with his backing house band The 400 unit . Isbell is an incredibly gifted songwriter and much of the strength of his album comes from his power story-telling , often that of a white man who has pride in his Southern heritage while also feeling compelled to apologize for it 's a painful legacy . Isbell 's best songs are those of his suffering and that ability shines on songs like “ Anxiety ” and “ Tupelo , ” a beautiful dystopia of pain , regret and sobriety performed with his incredible wife Amanda Shires . Isbell is not the best known musician on this list , but for those who know music and appreciate solid songwriting chops , few have the credibility or intellect of Isbell .
1 . Run the Jewels , Run the Jewels 3
Killer Mike and El-P 's surprise third album dropped just days before Trump 's inauguration and its anger-turned-consciousness tone , coupled with rapid-fire lyrical assassinations and unrelenting beat structure make this album essential listening material for the bubbling resistance movement . While both Killer Mike and El-P can weave strong rhetorical structures with unrelenting songwriting shops and clever double , triple and sometimes quadruple entendres , it 's the bands ability to strip down hip-hop back to its most basic art form that has won back fans looking for a return to brutally honest and filthly-indulgent rap music . And the timing could not be better — Killer Mike and El-P , 2020 baby !
A scandal involving French peacekeepers , accused of sexually exploiting children in the Central African Republic , harms the image of the West , Sylvie Baipo-Temon , a spokesperson for the ad hoc committee of the diaspora for Peace in the Central African Republic , told Sputnik .
The very soldiers who were supposed to end a conflict and bring peace to the country were doing exactly the opposite , bringing more suffering to the most vulnerable segment of the population — children , said another person familiar with the issue , Jean-Barack Ouambeti , the head of the non-governmental organization ( NGO ) Gender Based Violence .
The UN published a report on December 17 , which found that children as young as nine-years-old were forced to perform oral sex in exchange for food or money . The perpetrators were mainly French peacekeepers from the unit known as the Sangaris force , which works under the authorization of the UN Security Council .
`` The military is engaged in trade : they serve as bodyguards , but contribute to more violence [ by sexually exploiting locals ] , '' Baipo-Temon told Sputnik .
`` One must have at least a drop of compassion for the victims of families [ affected by the war ] , but they [ French peacekeepers ] abused the weakness of local people . They had a mandate to provide security and the population trusted them , instead they dug graves for these people , '' the spokesperson of the committee said .
The situation is horrible . During an investigation into the case , other instances of sexual exploitation by UN peacekeepers were reported .
`` The investigation revealed other facts of children abuse in the center of the capital and especially in remote areas , '' Jean-Barack Ouambeti , the head of the non-governmental organization ( NGO ) Gender Based Violence , told Sputnik .
Right now investigators are working on getting more information from victims . The government of the Central African Republic tries to pursue the truth , but UN bodies have n't been willing to cooperate and reveal information , Ouambeti said .
The Sangaris force were n't the only unit involved in these kinds of horrible abuses . Peacekeepers serving in Morocco and the Republic of Congo also sexually abused local populations , according to the head of Gender Based Violence .
There are even rumors about the cases of bestiality taking place in some remote regions ; but more evidence must be gathered to validate the claims and publish reports on the subject , Ouambeti said .
With the Atlanta Braves eyeing a 2017 resurrection to relevancy , the team should look to add a superstar to create a buzz amongst the fans .
The Braves have been pathetic this year , having one of their worst seasons in recent memory . In addition to poor performances on the field , fans are not flooding into the stadium like in seasons past . Other than Freddie Freeman ( who has had his most injury riddled season to date ) and Shelby Miller ( who has not won in his last 19 starts ) , the Braves have no players to draw crowds .
-= Related : Andruw Jones : Time to Retire His Number 25 =-
Thus , the Atlanta Braves should go out and trade for a superstar , and I believe that superstar is Chris Sale . John Hart has been accumulating prospects over the past year in efforts to create a deeper farm system ; however , he has also said that these chips could be moved to acquire big-name talent . John Hart is no stranger to headline trades after dealing Craig Kimbrel , Justin Upton , and Alex Wood .
Although Hart and the Braves have been on the other side of these big-name trades , do not be surprised to see the reverse happen in Atlanta . In the two trades with San Diego , Hart was able to raid their farm system , and he could easily be looking to flip a few of those pieces .
A perennial superstar I believe John Hart should actively pursue is Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale . The White Sox are no closer to winning a World Series than the Braves are , so they could easily be looking to acquire young talent . Moreover , Hart has shown a keen ability to quickly acquire talent and load up the farm system .
Chris Sale would not come cheap , and a trade involving the superstar would likely exhaust a good part of the Atlanta Braves ' farm system . Sale is currently under contract until 2017 , and he has two option years following that could keep him under contract until the 2019 season .
Just this offseason , there have been three “ aces ” traded at the deadline , Johnny Cueto , David Price , and Cole Hamels . Although Cueto and Price are considered “ rentals ” ( because they are under contract through the current season ) , Braves ' fans can get an idea of what kind of price tag Chris Sale would come with . The Cole Hamels deal to the Texas Rangers paints a better picture of what to expect ; although Hamels is no Chris Sale .
The Phillies garnered five prospects from the Rangers for Hamels : Jorge Alfaro , Nick Williams , Jake Thompson , Alec Asher , and Jerad Eickhoff . Jorge Alfaro and Jerad Eickhoff were considered to be the key returns in the deal ; although , this deal should not be considered a blueprint for what Chris Sale could fetch .
In my opinion , the Braves would be smart to throw the kitchen sink at the White Sox . Never have prospects been worth as much as they are in today 's game . Very often , prospects do not pan out , or they do not live up to expectations . Thus , it would be a smart idea to trade top prospects for a young superstar like Chris Sale .
If the Atlanta Braves were to exercise the idea of trading for Chris Sale , they would have to “ come strong ” with an offer . More than likely , the White Sox would want to see three top , blue-chip prospects in the deal alongside a couple other key prospects . The Braves would not be ill-advised to include players from previous deals , as this could be seen as justified “ flipping . ”
I believe that if the Braves used Matt Wisler , Touki Toussaint , and Tyrell Jenkins as the foundation for the trade , the White Sox would perk up their ears . Each of those players were traded to the Braves in John Hart 's effort to dump salaries this season . In addition to the three aforementioned players , the Sox would likely want a position player or two .
With the White Sox signing Melky Cabrera to a three-year deal , they could be looking for a player to replace him after this contract expires . A player in the Atlanta Braves ' system that looks poised to make a splash is Mallex Smith ( acquired from San Diego ) , and his game is fairly similar to Cabrera 's , high contact , low power , and a nice blend of speed and defense .
Moreover , with those four players in the mix , John Hart could tell the White Sox to pick the last player to be in the fold , as I see roughly five touted prospects needed to land Chris Sale . If John Hart really wants to succeed in 2017 , adding a name like Chris Sale would be a boon to the team , and it would allow Shelby Miller to slot into the number two spot in the rotation , a spot that fits his game a little better than the top spot .
There are a plethora of scenarios that could land Chris Sale , including potentially adding Julio Teheran or Andrelton Simmons into the mix , but this article is just to get Atlanta Braves ' fans thinking of the possibilities of what having a deep farm system can provide to a struggling team moving forward . Expect the Braves to be on the better side of trades , the receiving end , in the future as John Hart prepares for 2017 and beyond .
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC boss Brendan Rodgers says his side will have to be vigilant after their 100 per cent start to the season .
Topping the table heading into the international break - albeit after only three matches - and beating champions Manchester United in the process will have made the Reds more of a target .
Rodgers is keen for his side not to take their eye off the ball on the resumption of the campaign at Swansea on Monday .
“ We 're not worried . Our perception is what we think about ourselves , ” he said .
In pictures : Reds train ahead of Swansea game
“ Football is very much about opinion . All we try to do here is work well , work honestly and work hard .
“ We had a difficult window when we came in ( last summer ) and I think that was well documented .
“ From that we have really come together . We showed in January we 'd done the preparation to get players in and I think our form and everything about the club since then has been on the up .
“ We have to be vigilant going forward . It has been a good start but we can be better .
“ We just need to keep getting results . We need to keep the feelgood factor going and you do that by winning games .
“ We have shown in all three of our games at some stage the qualities we want .
“ The quality of our football has been good and that commitment and desire to win games and our resilience has been there .
“ We have n't always been at our best throughout the 90 minutes of games this season but we certainly have a resilience and a way to win games other than just playing football .
“ In this league , it is so tough , you need that . ”
* Click here for Swansea v LFC preview from James Pearce
That resilience will be tested tomorrow against Rodgers ' former club Swansea - especially as Liverpool have won only twice in the league in south Wales - in April 1958 and September 1982 .
While it is more than a year now since the Northern Irishman left the Liberty Stadium for Anfield he still retains fond memories but he knows the club has moved on apace under new boss Michael Laudrup .
“ When I went there in the first year our record signing was only £500,000 for Scott Sinclair , ” he said .
“ We got into the Premier League and spent £7million net and our highest signing was £3.5million and that seemed a lot at that time .
“ You look at it this summer and they 've spent £12million on Wilfried Bony and I 'm sure will again be vying for a top-10 spot again .
“ They have got a tough week ahead of them - a game on Monday against ourselves , Valencia in the Europa League and then a game on Sunday , but that 's why they have built their squad .
“ We 've jumped three barriers already this season that were tough games but how we 've done in those games bears no resemblance to the game on Monday .
“ It will be a tough game but we 've got belief and confidence . It 's important to maintain that . ”
While Liverpool has strengthened their squad in important areas over the summer Rodgers admits there is still work to do .
“ There are areas where we still need to make improvements , ” he added .
“ Tottenham have spent over £100million to try to improve the squad , to try to get in the top four .
“ If they 're spending that money to try to get in there then we 've obviously got a lot of improvements to make as well .
“ You can only do so much in one or two windows . As each window goes on , we 're getting stronger and stronger .
“ It will probably take another few windows to get that real quality and depth into the group .
“ Thus far I 'm pleased with how the group is progressing - we just need to keep our focus and keep working well . ”
When you surf the web you may require privacy , whether it 's because you 're sending financial details , researching sensitive information or simply wanting to keep your data to yourself . For this purpose , an increasing number of websites and services are using secure web connections , shown by a padlock or similar indication in your browser 's address bar . Such websites also use `` https : // `` at the beginning of their address rather than `` http : // `` . Think of it as automatic encryption . But what protection does that give you ? How much of your surfing data is secure ?
To find out , I 'm going to use packet analyzing software to spy on myself as I browse the web and see what information is visible . The software I 'm using , Wireshark , is free and open source and there are many similar tools available . The following is a crude test but I hope to show what that little padlock means in most circumstances .
General content
Firstly let 's look at the content of a basic web page . The standard example website used by many tutorials is example.com which helpfully has both an encrypted ( secure ) and unencrypted version . The content is simply a short message and a link saying `` More information '' . In Wireshark I searched for the word `` information '' and this is the result :
The content is readable over a non-secure connection .
As you can see , it found the word `` information '' together with the rest of the page 's content . In other words , everything I can see in the browser is also easily visible to anyone spying on me .
The content is encrypted over a secure connection .
With the secure version , however , the content is encrypted and although Wireshark shows lots of packets of data , I have no idea what they contain .
Domains
Now we 've seen the effect of a secure connection , let 's see what other information it hides starting with the most fundamental — the domain name . This is the part of the web address ( URL ) that ends in .com , .org or similar . I 'm switching websites this time and capturing data packets when I visit duckduckgo.com which is secure by default — we can tell by the `` https : // `` at the beginning of the address . Looking at Wireshark 's results , I quickly find a data packet containing the domain name , as you can see :
It may be surprising that the domain name is clearly visible but not only is it normal , it 's essential . Without it , your router and internet servers beyond would n't know where to send your requests for web pages . It 's a bit like the luggage tag that 's put on your suitcase when you check in at an airport — it needs to be visible for the various staff to send it to the right city .
Sub-domains
Sub-domains are areas within a domain . If we stick with the airport analogy , they 're the equivalent of having one or more airports within a city . Consequently sub-domain names , for example beta.duckduckgo.com , are also visible within data packets even over a secure connection .
Individual pages
This is where things get reassuring . Like your luggage when it arrives at an airport , there 's no need for its subsequent precise destination to be public . In the case of data packets , the server at the destination domain ( or sub-domain ) should be able to decrypt the precise destination and so directory and page names are therefore not visible to external observers . This includes other parameters in the address such as ? query=keyword # target .
Form data
Finally , what about web forms which are often used for sensitive personal data ? Sometimes this is sent as part of a web page 's address , in which case we now know it 's safely encrypted . Many times it 's not however , and is sent by the browser passing on your information in the background . Fortunately this is treated similar to other content and encrypted when a secure connection is used . In fact when checking data packets I was not even able to tell what was form data , what was a page name and what was regular content . This is how it should be when data is encrypted .
Being careful
So as you can see , it 's simple to summarize what data is protected when using a secure web connection :
Domain and sub-domain : Unencrypted , i.e . visible
Unencrypted , i.e . visible All other data : Encrypted , i.e . hidden
You may think you do n't need such protection and that internet spying only happens on a large scale or to high-profile people , but in fact when you 're in a cafe , hotel , workplace or even in your own home , it 's still possible for someone to monitor your data as shown here . Using secure web connections is an easy way to increase your privacy .
Unfortunately you can only use a secure web connection with websites that support it . DuckDuckGo does by default of course but there are many that do n't . However , there 's a browser extension called HTTPS Everywhere that will make sure encryption is used when available . It works in the background , silently redirecting you to secure connections when it can . I recommend installing it in your browser as well as keeping an eye on the address bar , looking out for that padlock .
The small print
Note that this experiment assumes the server and browser settings are secure and trustworthy , and that an attacker does n't have access to decryption keys or other privileges . Be aware that even with secure HTTPS pages you are not necessarily invincible . You still have to trust your computer , browser , ISP and every other part of the chain to the websites you visit , but the risks are greatly reduced .
Further reading
Now you know more about secure connections , learn about what security certificates do in our follow-up post .
A white paper by Kai-Fu Lee , founder of Sinovation Ventures and a world-renowned AI researcher , and Paul Triolo , head of Eurasia Group 's Geo-technology practice , argues that China and the US are already in a global AI duopoly because China has several structural advantages for AI development :
Huge data sets generated by nearly a billion Internet users and few privacy restrictions .
A rapidly growing pool of talented Chinese AI engineers .
Some of the best and most aggressive entrepreneurs in the world .
A very supportive government policy , including significant financial support .
The big picture : China 's AI plan is part of the Chinese government 's blueprint for becoming a superpower and achieving `` the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation , '' while maintaining Communist Party control .
As Elsa B. Kania , a fellow at the Center for a New American Security , recently wrote : `` China plans to pursue cutting-edge advances in a category of critical next-generation AI technologies in order to `` occupy the commanding heights '' of AI science and technology . ''
Kania also wrote that the Chinese government `` plans to leverage its rise in AI to enhance national competitiveness , while bolstering its capacity to ensure state security and national defense . '' It plans to `` leverage AI to create systems for intelligent monitoring and early warning and control of potential ( or perceived ) threats . ''
The bottom line : China has the data , the talent , the money , the regulatory environment and the government vision to become an artificial intelligence superpower . As in an increasing number of other areas , US-China AI competition is far more likely than cooperation .
Go deeper : Battlefield Singularity : Artificial Intelligence , Military Revolution , and China 's Future Military Power by Elsa B. Kania
Jose Mourinho summed it up quite neatly following Chelsea 's 1-1 draw with Manchester City . “ The Premier League is not just different , it is crazy , ” he said . “ My concept is this is the best league , because the concept is competitive teams . ”
“ I think every fixture in the league is winnable – I think it 's that open , ” said Warnock . “ Anybody is capable of beating anyone . ”
After just five games , Chelsea and Arsenal are already left standing as the only undefeated clubs in the entire league but even their managers , Mourinho and Arsène Wenger , are acutely aware of their vulnerabilities .
“ We [ the top teams ] pay the price because of the toughness , the intensity , ” said Wenger . “ You can not rest any player . I honestly feel it is the most difficult league . If you speak to [ Manuel ] Pellegrini and [ Mesut ] Özil they will tell you the same . It is the most level league . ”
Mourinho did not lose a single Premier League game at Stamford Bridge during his first reign as Chelsea manager but now regards his team 's 2-1 home defeat against Sunderland in April as the moment they lost last season 's title . Wenger noted earlier in the year that there are “ no invincibles ” anymore and the statistics would certainly seem to support this theory .
When Mourinho first won the Premier League in 2004-5 , the top three clubs – Chelsea , Arsenal and Manchester United – suffered 11 defeats . The top three clubs last season were beaten 18 times . Those points must go somewhere and the most striking difference is further down the table . The clubs finishing fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh last year accumulated some 284 points .
In 2004-5 , those same four finishers registered 232 . The trend is clear : more upsets and a more even spread of points . The question , though , is why ? What has changed to make the elite so much more vulnerable ?
Wenger has specifically highlighted how players are generally so much better prepared physically , attributing this to football 's increased appreciation of sports science and diet . Whether it be distances covered or the actual intensity and number of sprints , just about every conceivable match statistic is now available to every team . With the use of heart-rate monitors and GPS devices , a manager also has real-time information on how a player is exerting himself during a training session .
Where once Wenger felt that he could gain an advantage in his preparation of players , he knows that the absolute minimum starting point now of any Premier League opponent is that they will be physically able . Gary Neville touched upon it in his Telegraph column on Saturday .
“ Since 2002 there has been an explosion in physical stats , ” he said . “ Over the summer I watched young England players who are not particularly physical lift 35k dumbbells . In my career I lifted 16s and 18s and 20s . Football is getting quicker and quicker . Players are getting fitter and fitter . ”
That change is a big leveller for the top teams , especially this weekend just gone when most of them had the additional drain of European competition . The explanation for all the upsets , however , still extends far beyond the fitness of footballers . At the very top , the recent performances of the English clubs in the Champions League clearly points to a slip in standards .
In the past three years , Chelsea 's appearances in 2011-12 and 2013-14 have been English football 's only quarter-final representation . Contrast that with the three years from 2007 until 2009 when the English clubs had a combined 11 quarter-final places .
It would also be difficult to convincingly argue that , of the six or seven very best players in world , ( perhaps Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale , James Rodriguez , Manuel Neuer , Luis Suarez and Thomas Mueller ) , there is anyone currently based in the Premier League .
Yet despite the strength at the very top of Barcelona , Real Madrid and Bayern Munich , the technical quality of English-based players has still been steadily deepening over the past decade and that process was specifically accelerated this summer .
Yes , the most eye-catching deals – Radamel Falcao and Angel di Maria to Manchester United , Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas to Chelsea , Alexis Sanchez to Arsenal or Mario Balotelli to Liverpool – all involved the established elite but there was considerable action further down the league .
Palace smashed their club record outlay for James McArthur . Everton did the same for Romelu Lukaku . Leonardo Ulloa was a record signing for Leicester , who also pulled off something of a coup for Argentina international Esteban Cambiasso . Whether it be Alex Song to West Ham United , Brown Ideye to West Brom , Jack Rodwell to Sunderland or Sandro to Queens Park Rangers , you can go through the clubs and see that the acquisition of quality , often at considerable expense , was evident .
Southampton were even in a position where they could recruit arguably the two best players in the Dutch league last season – Graziano Pelle and Dusan Tadic – as well as one of the very best managers in Ronald Koeman . Would Koeman really have regarded St Mary 's as a step up from Feyenoord a decade ago ? Similarly , look at how Swansea were able to bring in Wilfried Bony from the Eredivisie and then fend off interest in him from across Europe .
This is all partly down to the enhanced scope of the various scouting departments – another area in which the top clubs now gain less of an advantage – but it mostly comes down to money . The financial model of the Premier League , which splits the core broadcast deals equally between the 20 clubs , has always underpinned its collective strength . Yet this has been magnified during this last year by a vastly improved new deal from 2013-14 worth £5.5 billion .
To put the increase in perspective , Cardiff City received more for finishing bottom last season ( £62.1 million ) than Manchester United did the previous year for winning the entire competition ( £60.8 million ) . The total payment last season to all 20 clubs went up £600 million .
As broadcast revenue is the single largest income stream for most Premier League clubs , a shared rise such as this has had the practical impact of levelling the relative overall turnovers . It leaves every club in the Premier League better equipped than ever to compete for some of the world 's best players .
This was evident in the most recent transfer window when gross spending ( £835 million ) dwarfed La Liga ( £425 million ) , Serie A ( £260 million ) and the Bundesliga ( £250 million ) . It has been a virtuous cycle : with more money comes better players who will attract broadcasters and sponsors to pay ever-increasing sums of money for their part of the product .
It all means that , while the Premier League is still pulling away from the rest of Europe in its collective wealth and competitive strength , the actual gap from top to bottom of the competition has narrowed .
Plenty more upsets can be safely predicted .
- Balotelli abuse highlights everything wrong with Twitter
- Man Utd 's top 10 most humiliating Premier League defeats
- Henry Winter : England consider fast-tracking Tyler Blackett
- Lineker posts another obscene tweet despite BBC warning
Product information :
Gaming K65 RGB Cherry MX Red Tenkeyless Mechanical Gaming Keyboard ( CH-9000072-UK )
More links for `` Gaming K65 RGB Cherry MX Red Tenkeyless Mechanical Gaming Keyboard ( CH-9000072-UK ) ''
The Corsair Gaming K65 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard begins with the durability , styling and responsiveness of the original K65 , and adds multicolor per-key backlighting for virtually endless lighting combinations . It 's built with 100 % Cherry MX RGB key switches for fast , precise actuation and superior feel . Each key can be individually programmed to display any of 16.8M colors and multiple brightness levels for a level of customization never before seen in a mechanical keyboard . Full key rollover and anti-ghosting ensure accurate gameplay . And , the K65 RGB is built to last , with a black anodized brushed aluminum finish that 's sturdy and lightweight.Product Features : - 100 % Cherry MX RGB mechanical key switches for ultimate performance- Multicolor per-key backlighting for virtually unlimited game customization- Aircraft-grade anodized brushed aluminum for superior rigidity- Entire keyboard is programmable to assign a macro to any key- 100 % anti-ghosting with full key rollover on USB- Display controller driven fast and fluid 16.8M multicolor animation- Onboard memory to performance and lighting settings with you- Ultra-Portable 10 keyless DesignSpecifications : - Cherry MX Red mechanical switches- 45g Actuation Force- 2mm to actuation and 4mm to bottom- Rated to 50 million operations- Gold contacts- Up to 1000 Hz USB report rate- Selectable 8ms , 4ms , 2ms , 1ms and BIOS mode- On-board memory to store performance and lighting settings use on other PCs- RGB LED backlighting with key-by-key programmability to light up individual keys- Aluminum unibody construction for increased strength , durability and rigidity- Easy access multimedia keys- STOP , PREVIOUS , PLAY/PAUSE , NEXT , MUTE , VOLUME UP/DOWN- Windows Lock key for uninterrupted game play- Product Dimensions : 356 mm x 166 mm x 37mm- Product Weight : 863g
Brandon , a property featuring seven miles of unspoiled river , eleven trout ponds , and a 2,200-foot mountain , was put on sale in 2012 for $ 27 million . It had previously been owned by the heiress Wilhelmina du Pont Ross , who died in 2000 , and subsequently by Brandon Park LLC , which has headquarters in Delaware .
However , on May 21 , according to county clerk records , New Brandon LLC , an limited liability corporation registered to the same Hong Kong address as Jack Ma 's residence in the Branksome Crest tower , purchased the Franklin County property , which includes two parcels in the town of Santa Clara and one in Harrietstown , for $ 22,975,000 .
Jack Ma . Getty Images
Ma joins a line of American royalty that has owned the property in the unspoiled wilderness region known for compounds known as Great Camps built by some of the country 's most prominent families beginning in the 19th-century . Ma 's parcel in the middle of the six-million-acre Adirondack Park was previously part of William A. Rockefeller , Jr. 's Bay Pond estate , which he established in the early 20th-century and spanned 110,000 acres . ( William was the brother of John D. Rockefeller , at the time the richest man in the world . )
The Chinese magnate 's parcel includes more than nine miles of the Saint Regis River and 11 brook trout ponds ; an online listing calls it `` perhaps the finest brook trout fishery in the eastern United States . ''
As reported by the Adirondack Almanack , the land includes eight homes and more than a dozen other structures , including guest cabins and a fish hatchery , and roughly 40 miles of roads . An easement donated to the Nature Conservancy by the previous owner forbids commercial development but allows for timber harvesting and the construction of nine additional homes , according to a prospectus prepared by Lake Placid real-estate broker Merrill L. Thomas Inc .
The land is close to Adirondack Regional Airport , whose 6,573-foot runway can accommodate the Gulfstream 550 jets on which Ma reportedly flies .
It 's unclear whether the Alibaba founder , with a net worth of $ 25.4 billion and whose hobbies reportedly include `` tai chi and kung fu novels , '' will take advantage of the trout fishing . The 2,200-foot peak on the property should provide ample space for the `` meditation in the mountains '' he is also said to enjoy .
`` This is probably one of the last family-owned holdings in the Adirondacks , '' Vincent McClelland , a realtor at LandVest , the Christie 's International Real Estate affiliate that had the listing , said in an online video about the property ( below ) . `` It 's a great opportunity to join in a distinguished history of stewardship . ''
Welcome to America , Mr. Ma .
If you have been following the crypto world ( which we know you are ) , you may have noticed that a couple of months the Binance exchange started a new initiative , called “ Community Coin of the Month ” .
In it , different altcoins such as ADX can apply and Binance users then vote to select the one they find most promising . As a reward , that coin gets listed on Binance free of charge . Two rounds of the program have already finished ; ten coins were nominated in the last one , but only one won .
Now it 's time for Round 3 and we are happy to announce that we have enrolled AdEx as one of the projects to participate . Our application will be reviewed by the Binance team but have firm belief that we will be selected to enter the vote . This month 's nominees will be announced on Tuesday , October 31 , 2017 .
Then , in order to win , we will have to get more votes than the other competing coins . Voting will take place between 4:00 pm UTC on Tuesday , October 31 , and 10:00 am UTC on Sunday , November 5 , 2017 . The vote will take place here : https : //www.binance.com/vote.html .
We have firm belief that our application is very strong and we hope that the Binance team will accept our nomination so you , our community members , can vote for ADX .
Voting requirements
To vote and have ADX listed on Binance , you will need to be a registered Binance user . In addition to that , there will be a fee of 0.1 BNB per vote .
According to Binance 's instructions , “ the weight of each vote will vary based on a variety of factors including but not limited to the level of historical activity of the account used to vote ” . We think this is a good rule as it makes the contest fairer .
The Vault is Slate 's history blog . Like us on Facebook , follow us on Twitter @ slatevault , and find us on Tumblr . Find out more about what this space is all about here .
These maps of measles mortality appeared in three late-19th-century statistical atlases published by the Census Office . Experiments in data visualization , the atlases are modern in their scope and ambition . Since they were compiled in a time before the availability of vaccines for most childhood diseases ( with smallpox being the exception ) , they are a good record of the former pervasiveness of measles .
In a brief history of the disease , the Centers for Disease Control writes that between 1953 and 1963 , when the measles vaccine became available , “ nearly all children got measles by the time they were 15 years of age. ” Yearly , “ 400 to 500 people died , 48,000 were hospitalized , and 4,000 suffered encephalitis ( swelling of the brain ) from measles. ” ( Writer Roald Dahl 's daughter , who died in 1962 and is the subject of this 1988 Dahl letter urging parents to vaccinate , was afflicted by this complication . )
While late-19th-century medicine did n't yet have a vaccine for the disease , doctors knew that it was easily transmissible . “ Measles is a very infectious disease , ” warned Dr. John Dewar in an 1890 book written for mothers and titled What Ails The Baby ? “ If a child be only taken into a room for a very short time , where another child is suffering from measles , it is almost certain to take it. ” The 1898 map , second below , shows a pattern of measles deaths that is strikingly aligned with the course of the Mississippi River , illustrating how transmission could have been aided by river travel .
Click on the images below to reach zoomable versions , or see their pages on the David Rumsey Map Collection site .
Henry Gannett and Fletcher W. Hewes for the United States Census Office , “ 45 . Deaths , whooping cough , measles. ” Scribner 's statistical atlas of the United States , 1883 . David Rumsey Map Collection .
Henry Gannett for the United States Census Office , from page titled “ 41 . Deaths from known causes. ” Statistical Atlas of the United States , based upon results of the Eleventh Census ( 1890 ) , 1898 . David Rumsey Map Collection .
Image copyright PA Image caption Ford is a licensed pilot of both fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters
Harrison Ford wo n't face any penalties for mistakenly landing his single-engine plane on a US airport taxiway .
The US actor , who admitted to air traffic control he 'd been a `` schmuck '' , will retain his pilot 's certificate `` without restriction '' , his lawyer said .
The incident in February saw Ford fly low over an American Airlines plane with 110 passengers and crew on board at California 's John Wayne airport .
But the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) wo n't be taking any action .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Harrison Ford acknowledged the mistake and said `` It 's a big deal ''
`` The FAA conducted a full investigation into the matter ... and determined that no administrative or enforcement action was warranted , '' his lawyer said .
`` The agency acknowledged Mr Ford 's long history of compliance with the Federal Aviation Regulations , and his cooperative attitude during the investigation , '' Stephen Hofer continued .
It 's not the first time the accident-prone Raiders of the Lost Ark star has had a bumpy landing .
In 2015 he crash-landed on a golf course in Santa Monica , suffering a broken arm and minor head injuries .
According to Mr Hofer , the actor is `` very happy '' not to be facing censure over his latest mishap .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
Here 's what actually was happened :
Typos are really embarrassing , but this time it saved the Bangladesh Central Bank and the New York Federal Reserve by preventing a nearly $ 1 Billion ( ) heist.Last month , some unknown hackers broke into Bangladesh 's central bank , obtained credentials needed for payment transfers and then transfer large sums to fraudulent accounts based in the Philippines and . But…A single spelling mistake in an online bank transfer instruction prevented the full theft , according to Reuters Nearly three dozen requests hit the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on 5 February using the Bangladesh Bank 's SWIFT code , out of which four resulted in successful transfers , for a total value of about $ 81 million.However , when the hackers attempted to make their fifth transfer of $ 20 Million to a Sri Lankan non-governmental organization called the , they made a typo by attempting a transfer to the Shalika `` Staff at Deutsche Bank , which was involved in routing funds , spotted this spell error and got asked the Bangladeshis for clarification on the typo . The Bangladesh bank then canceled the remaining transfers.The Federal Reserve Bank of New York also queried the Bangladesh central bank after spotting a large number of transfer of funds to private accounts at around the same time.The hackers , who are still unknown , had been attempting to steal a further $ 850 Million from the Bangladesh government 's reserve account , but a typo in the requests prevented the full theft.The $ 81 Million of transfer that was successfully made has not been recovered , but the typo saved the Bangladeshis because if all the fund transfers were made successfully thieves would have made off withThe attack happened between February 4th-5th and originated from outside the country . Moreover , the hackers are still unknown , and officials said there is not much hope of catching them.Meanwhile , the Bangladesh central bank says the Federal Reserve should have stopped the transactions . The bank is planning to file a lawsuit against the Federal Reserve in order to recover some of the funds that were lost .
US : Amid surging prices , Fed raises specter of renewed class struggle
By Andre Damon
17 July 2008
The US Consumer Price Index jumped by an unexpected 1.1 percent last month amid spiraling energy prices , according to Labor Department figures released yesterday . June 's inflation spike—the sharpest since 1982—brought the annual inflation rate to 5 percent . Economists had been predicting a monthly increase of .7 percent , and June 's rise was significantly higher than the .6 percent increase seen in May .
Producer prices showed an even sharper increase of 1.8 percent , according to the Labor Department . The producer price index has increased by 9.2 percent in the past year in the sharpest increase since 1981 . Energy prices led the increase , jumping by 6.6 percent , while transportation costs also shot up as airlines increased ticket prices by 4.5 percent .
Wage levels , meanwhile , decreased by .9 percent after adjusting for inflation . Real wages have fallen by a full 2.4 percent in the past year .
Such drastic cuts in real wages—representing a massive transfer of wealth from the working class to the very rich—are sending shockwaves through the whole of American society .
With this in mind , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke warned Tuesday of the potential for renewed demands for higher wages by American workers if prices continue to increase . In his biannual monetary policy report , delivered to both houses of Congress , the Fed Chairman stressed the Fed 's continuing commitment to quelling any wages movement .
“ [ T ] he currently high level of inflation , if sustained , might lead the public to revise up its expectations for longer-term inflation , ” he said . “ If that were to occur , and those revised expectations were to become embedded in the domestic wage- and price-setting process , we could see an unwelcome rise in actual inflation over the longer term . A critical responsibility of monetary policymakers is to prevent that process from taking hold . ”
In other words , the Fed intends—if it can—to tighten the money supply and deepen the US economic downturn to prevent any wages offensive by the working class . In case anyone missed the point , Bernanke reiterated the claim in the next paragraph , saying , “ In light of the increase in upside inflation risk , we must be particularly alert to any indications , ... that the inflationary impulses from commodity prices are becoming embedded in the domestic wage and price-setting process . ”
Despite the Bernanke 's overt warnings about inflation , analysts saw the Fed Chairman 's speech as shying away from rate increases in the short term . Bernanke emphasized that the US central bank would focus on preserving “ financial stability. ” Under conditions in which large sections of the US financial system appear set to implode , this can only imply a delay in raising rates and a retreat from the Fed 's emphasis on rate rises in June .
Bernanke delivered his speech in the context of what is rapidly emerging as the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . This week brought the third-largest US bank failure ever , as well as the US Treasury 's announcement that it stands ready to absorb losses at mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , possibly doubling the US government 's debt overnight .
The US ruling elite is determined to do everything in its power to transfer its own enormous losses onto the backs of the American working class . The unlimited bailout power being called for by the Treasury and the Fed constitutes one part of this attempt . The systematic drive to slash real wages in order to finance the return to profitability constitutes another .
Bernanke 's testimony came amid a near-meltdown of nearly all measures of US economic stability . He warned of “ numerous difficulties ” facing the US economy . In his testimony before the House Financial Service Committee , he cited “ significant downside risks to the outlook for growth , ” while also acknowledging that “ upside risks to the inflation outlook have intensified . ”
Under these conditions , the Fed is effectively powerless to shift interest rates one way or the other , fearing either further financial destabilization or an inflationary spiral triggering a new wave of wage struggles by American workers .
The concerns expressed by Bernanke were also reflected in the minutes released Wednesday from the Federal Open Market Committee meeting held on June 24-25 .
Given fears of the social consequences of spiraling inflation and the expectations it could generate , the Fed 's policymakers predicted that the central bank 's next move “ could well be an increase in the funds rate , ” the minutes said .
They continued : “ Reports on the ability of firms to pass cost increases on to customers were mixed , but some participants commented that the global nature of inflationary pressures could make imports more expensive and give firms greater scope to raise prices . Some participants noted that wage growth had been quite moderate , reinforcing a view that longer-term inflation expectations and labor cost pressures had remained fairly well contained . However , others commented that wages might accelerate with a lag only after inflation expectations had moved higher , and that it would be very costly to subsequently bring those expectations back down . ”
In essence , Bernanke and his fellow Fed members are warning that the sharp decreases in real incomes will inexorably lead millions of working people to an open struggle for livable wages . But under conditions where businesses—aided by the Fed—are seeking to pass on the full cost of the crisis to the masses of working people , such struggles will naturally turn into an open fight against the capitalist system itself . This is the nightmare of not only Bernanke , but of the entire financial oligarchy and its political establishment . Indeed , they see the suppression of such a movement as “ very costly . ”
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , in his comments on Bernanke 's testimony Wednesday , warned his corporate backers to this effect . After affirming that the existence of rising social inequality is “ no longer a matter debate , ” he noted that , “ If the numbers of unemployment in the second half of this year are not better than that for the first half , we are on track to lose one million jobs this year . ”
The congressman continued , “ No one expects equality , equality is not a good thing , you ca n't have an economy that works if everything 's equal . But too much inequality also has negative consequences . ”
Frank highlighted one section of the Fed 's monetary policy report , which stated , “ Broad measures of hourly labor compensation have not kept pace with the rapid increases in both overall consumer prices and labor productivity , despite a labor market that , until recently , had been generally tight. ” He suggested that this situation was not sustainable .
“ Those who wonder why we have resistance to globalization ... should note that working Americans are creating more wealth for this country than they are being allowed to share ; and that is exacerbated by rising prices , ” said the Massachusetts congressman . He summed up by warning , “ The point to the business community is very clear : how can you understand this ... and then wonder why you ca n't get trade bills through ; wonder why there is resistance to outsourcing . ”
Although Frank confounds the growing opposition to the capitalist system with anti-trade sentiment , his point is made clearly enough . What sort of legitimacy can a system that robs working people of 2.4 percent of their income in a single year have in the eyes of millions ? Whereas Bernanke noted only the risk of a wages struggle , Frank makes clear that the deepening of the present crisis will put into question the political viability of the capitalist system itself .
However , Frank proposed no policies to ameliorate the conditions he described . Neither section of the ruling elite nor any faction within either of the big business parties can pose such measures . The US ruling class 's ability to shuffle off its mass of fictitiously-valued debt is based on its ability to regain profitability , which under the current circumstances can only be boosted via the destruction of jobs and a reduction of domestic wage levels . The US ruling class is forced into a vicious attack on the working class , even while recoiling in horror at the prospect that its policies will spark a social explosion .
The Homebrewer , a home brew resource center which opened last year in North Park , is hoping to open a new nanobrewery and tasting room adjacent to the shop , in a 1,000-square-foot space that they acquired earlier this summer .
Once they 're given the green light , owner and head brewer George Thornton plans to install a 3BBL brewhouse that will be all about enhancing the education of their home brew customers . They 'll hold three to four classes a week on everything from brewing true to style to experimenting with different yeasts and pairing food and beer ; Thornton also hopes to be able to brew one-off collaborations with local craft beer bars .
The tasting room , which will be stocked with 20 taps , will have an outdoor patio and should be up and running by early February .
· The Homebrewer [ Official Site ]
· All Beer Coverage on Eater [ ~ESD~ ]
Posted on May 19 , 2014 in Attractions , Disney , Featured , Lines Guide , Rides , Theme Parks , Walt Disney World |
13 Longest Lines At Disney World
13 Longest Lines At Disney World
Knowing which attractions have the longest lines at Disney World can help you to better plan your day in the parks . The length of the lines are going to be determined by how crowded the overall park is however , knowing which attractions have longer lines relative to others will allow you to make more educated decisions as to what a reasonable wait time is for that day .
The wait times are going to fluctuate throughout the day so it 's important to know what a reasonable wait time is so you do not end up waiting in a long line for an attraction that is just having a spike in guest traffic at the time you are there .
For example , Buzz Lightyear will almost never have a longer line than Space Mountain . If you were planning to go on Buzz Lightyear and it had a 45 minute wait and Space Mountain also had a 45 minute wait then that would tell me to go on Space Mountain because at the moment Buzz Lightyear is having a spike in guest traffic and more than likely the wait time will shorten soon enough relative to Space Mountain , not too mention 45 minutes for Space Mountain is not a bad wait time for that attraction .
As a good rule of thumb follow these general tips for getting on busier attractions in the shortest amount of time without having to use a fastpass .
Go to busier attractions first thing in the morning when the park opens . For example Kilimanjaro Safaris at Disney 's Animal Kingdom gets busy quickly but if you go there first when the park opens you can pretty much walk right on .
. For example Kilimanjaro Safaris at Disney 's Animal Kingdom gets busy quickly but if you go there first when the park opens you can pretty much walk right on . Go on busier attractions during the parade . If you are not planning to watch the parade then use that time to go on a busier attraction as the line will shorten for the duration of the parade .
. If you are not planning to watch the parade then use that time to go on a busier attraction as the line will shorten for the duration of the parade . At the end of the day the lines usually shorten . This is not always the case especially during peak season and nights with extra magic hours but usually towards the end of the night the lines do shorten . This is especially true at Magic Kingdom and Epcot due to people getting in place to watch the fireworks at the end of the night.If you plan to use this tactic though be sure you check what time the attraction of choice closes as some attractions close before the park closes . This is especially true at Disney 's Animal Kingdom because the animal attractions close around sundown .
. This is not always the case especially during peak season and nights with extra magic hours but usually towards the end of the night the lines do shorten . This is especially true at Magic Kingdom and Epcot due to people getting in place to watch the fireworks at the end of the night.If you plan to use this tactic though be sure you check what time the attraction of choice closes as some attractions close before the park closes . This is especially true at Disney 's Animal Kingdom because the animal attractions close around sundown . Download the Walt Disney World App . This will give you live wait times for all the attractions in the park .
And now without further ado here are the 12 Longest Lines At Disney World
Longest Lines at Magic Kingdom
Peter Pan 's Flight
As much as I love this attraction I 'm not quite sure why it always has such a long line . I used to be a cast member at Peter Pan and it was actually one of my favorites to be at because it was so busy all the time . There would be a line all the way until park closing and even when we would close the line people would still try to hop over the chains to get in one last ride .
Space Mountain
For thrill seekers at the Magic Kingdom Space Mountain is your number one attraction . The line at Space Mountain is usually around 45 minutes minimum on a slow to moderately busy day . On a slow day you can get lucky and only have about a ten to fifteen minute wait . I usually use Buzz Lightyear to gage how long Space mountain is going to be . If Buzz Lightyear is fifteen minutes or less than usually Space Mountain has a short line . If Buzz Lightyear is 20 minutes or over I usually find Space Mountain has around a 45 minute wait . This is not a perfect system but I find it to be a good general rule of thumb .
Seven Dwarfs Mine Train
Being that this is one of the newest attractions at Magic Kingdom means that the line will automatically be longer . Another factor for this ride that makes the line longer is that it is a thrill ride at Magic Kingdom , which there are not very many of . Not only is it a thrill ride but it is a thrill ride that kids and adults alike can enjoy together . Expect to wait at least an hour for this attraction if you go the stand-by line route . You might find the line shorter if you go during the fireworks at the end of the night .
Photo By Josh Hallett from Winter Haven , FL , USA ( Flickr : Seven Dwarfs Mine Train ) [ CC BY-SA 2.0 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
Splash mountain
Splash Mountain is a very well rounded attraction . It is over ten minutes in length , it has a great theme , it has catchy music , it has roller coaster like drops and is a water ride . On a hot day you can pretty much guarantee that Splash Mountain will have an hour and a half to two hour wait . Obviously since it is a water ride guests go here to cool down . Not to mention this is the only water ride at the Magic Kingdom . The line for Splash Mountain is very dependant on the weather since guests prefer not to get wet on colder days . Many guests will wear a poncho on a colder day so that they can still enjoy this wonderful attraction without getting soaked .
Big Thunder Mountain Railroad
Big Thunder Mountain Railroad is another one of few thrill rides at the Magic Kingdom . While it is not looked at as more thrilling or scary than Space Mountain , Big Thunder Mountain Railroad does have a faster top speed . Big Thunder Mountain Railroad is right next to Splash Mountain and at the far end of the Magic Kingdom so guests generally make the hike to that end of the park to do both attractions . Big Thunder Mountain Railroad 's line usually thins out towards the end of the night due to it being at the far end of the park and most make their way towards the castle to get a good spot for the fireworks .
Longest Lines at Epcot
Frozen Ever After
Since Frozen Ever After opened on June 21st , 2016 it has become the busiest attraction at Epcot . By the time the park opens Frozen Ever After already has a line due to those who get in the park early for breakfast dining reservations . If you can get a Fastpass for it this is a must FastPass attraction . If you are unable to get a Fastpass for it then you can get a dining reservation for breakfast early at Epcot or get to Epcot for rope drop and go straight to Frozen Ever After for your best chances of a managable line . I have seen these attractions have wait times of up to 5 hours during the busy season .
Soarin '
No matter when I go into the parks , Soarin ' always has at least a 45 minute wait . Even on days where all other attractions have about a five to ten minute wait , Soarin ' will still have a 45 minute wait or more .
Test Track® Presented by Chevrolet®
Test Track is another consistently busy attraction . Especially now that they just re-themed the attraction the line has been longer on average in the last couple years . It usually has a 30 to 45 minute wait even on a slow to moderate day . This is a great attraction to go to later in the evening before Illuminations .
Longest Lines at Disney 's Hollywood Studios
Rock ‘ n ' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith
Not only is Rock n Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith for most , the number one thrill seekers choice at Hollywood Studios it is also for most the number one thrill seekers attraction of choice in all of Walt Disney World . This is the only coaster in all of Walt Disney World that goes upside down .
The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror
While Tower of Terror does have a height requirement , it attracts all types of guests both young and old , brave and fearful . Unlike other thrill rides , Tower of Terror does not seem to have a narrower audience . This general audience makes Tower of Terror another great attraction for all however causes it to have a longer line .
Toy Story Midway Mania !
The award for the longest wait in all of Disney World goes to Toy Story Midway Mania . Toy Story Mania always has a long wait . I would also give the award of attraction that runs out of FastPass the quickest to Toy Story Midway Mania .
Longest Lines at Disney 's Animal Kingdom
Kilimanjaro Safaris
The Kilimanjaro Safaris is one of the most unique attractions in all of Disney World . It is a real Safari tour through the Kilimanjaro wildlife preserve . The line for this attraction will be the longest in all of Disney 's Animal Kingdom . As far as rides go at Disney 's Animal Kingdom this is really the only one that anyone can ride because there is no height requirement and nothing that would prevent someone from riding it short of there own free will .
Expedition Everest
Expedition Everest is the thrill seekers attraction of choice at Disney 's Animal Kingdom . Also next to Rock ‘ n ' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith at Hollywood Studios , Expedition Everest is the next most thrilling roller coaster in all of Walt Disney World .
What was the longest lines at Disney World you had to wait in ?
# PopUpTherapy : This NYC Installation Is Raising Mental Health Awareness
For most people , mental health is something that 's kept private . Too private . You might talk about your last doctor 's visit with your friends over coffee , but there 's still a stigma attached to therapy . In the hopes of making therapy more accessible and to inspire transparency ( literally ) surrounding mental health issues , Talkspace constructed an installation last week on Fifth Avenue and 23rd Street in New York City called # PopupTherapy . These big bubbles were actually therapy rooms , where passersby could stop in for a free 15-minute virtual therapy session using the Talkspace app .
The bubbles were furnished like a comfortable living room , with tissues close at hand just in case . Mashable spoke with Talkspace 's co-founder Roni Frank about her motivation behind Talkspace and this pop-up . Basically , she 's baffled by the fact that so many people with depression or other mental health issues do n't seek treatment because they do n't want to admit there is a problem . When you have cancer , you do n't ignore it and hope it goes away — you get help . The stigma of depression keeps people from getting the help they need .
Frank originally came to the world of therapy as a patient , working through marriage counseling with her husband . In response to the expensive and inconvenient sessions , she decided to “ democratize psychotherapy. ” She went and got her master 's degree in psychology and launched Talkspace in 2012 ( along with her husband ) .
Talkspace is as simple as sending a text . After a free consultation , Talkspace pairs each user with a licensed therapist with whom they can text or video chat however often they like . Insurance is n't accepted ( yet ) , but the rates are much less expensive than a therapy session . $ 25/week for unlimited text therapy . $ 29 per 30-minute video session . They 've created a platform with very few barriers to entry , and it 's really an exciting example of how medical professionals can use telemedicine technology to make treatment easier to give and receive ( like this dermatology app we covered here ) .
Would you subscribe to text therapy or would you rather get yours in the bubble ? Let us know in the comments .
( h/t Mashable )
Banned by statute
Banned by constitutional amendment
Legalized
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
A ruling by the Hawaii Supreme Court in 1993 allowing same-sex marriage , along with rising demands for marriage equality nationwide , prompted a backlash . A majority of states , including Hawaii , adopted laws or constitutional amendments that limited marriage to a man and a woman . In 1996 , Congress passed the Defense of Marriage Act , banning federal recognition of same-sex marriage .
2000
1998
1999
2001
2002
2003
2005
2004
2006
In 2004 , Massachusetts became the first state to issue marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples . The same year , however , voters in 13 states passed constitutional amendments that defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman .
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
Polyporic Acid in Fungi : A Brief Note
By Michael W. Beug , PhD
PO Box 116 , Husum , WA 98623 , email : beugm [ at ] evergreen.edu
In casual conversations about medicinal mushrooms with several individuals over the last month , I realized that polypores are generally considered to be non-toxic , and indeed that has long been my position . Since much of the interest surrounding the medicinal use of mushrooms involves polypores , I began to worry about individuals self-medicating with polypores they find in the wild . In mid January , 2012 , I found a small soft-fleshed polypore on a conifer log and in trying to identify it found that it turned dark red in KOH . For a while I felt that I might have found Hapalopilus nidulans ( Fr . ) Karsten = Hapalopilus rutilans ( Pers . ) Murr. , a polypore that few realizes is very poisonous , causing most unusual symptoms including kidney dysfunction and deregulation of central nervous system functions.1
Ko , Jung and Ryvarden ( 2001 ) give the reaction between Hapalopilus nidulans and KOH as strongly cherry red , though North American collections give a lilac to violet reaction according to several different NAMA members who have emailed me recently on this subject . Even though the European species has been shown to be genetically virtually identical to the North American material , they very easily could produce slightly different versions of polyporic acid , the chemical that causes the color change . I strongly believe , but have no proof , that the color change is the result of an acid-base reaction and that any base would produce the color change by removing an acidic proton . Polyporic acid would essentially be acting as an acid-base indicator in a titration . It is well known that slight structural changes in the indicator can cause significant differences in color . It has also been established that fungi produce a wide range of different derivatives of polyporic acid ( Brewer et al 1977 , 1984 ) .
The fact that the reaction between polyporic acid ( a dihydroquinone derivative ) and KOH causes a color change suggests that we can test for the presence of polyporic acid by applying a drop of strong base to a piece of mushroom tissue and look for a color change to lavender or red or dark red . If there is no color change , we can be confident that polyporic acid is not present in any significant quantity . However , since other chemicals can cause a similar color change , a positive reaction is not proof that polyporic acid is present . For example , Fomes fomentarius ( L. ) J. Kickx turns dark blood red when a drop of KOH is added to a piece of tissue from the upper surface due to the presence of fomentariol , a benzo tropolone ( Arpin et al 1974 ) .
So why do I care about the possible presence of polyporic acid in a mushroom ? In two separate cases involving three people in Germany in 1986 and 1987 , victims suffered dysregulation of central nervous functions as well as kidney dysfunction after consuming Hapalopilus nidulans which can contain up to 40 % polyporic acid by dry weight ( Langer et al 1992 ; Kraft et al 1998 ) . In studies of rats that were fed polyporic acid , researchers observed ulcerations of the stomach , nephrotic lesions in kidney tubules , increases in serum concentrations of urea and creatinine as well as sensoric and motoric dysregulations consistent with symptoms observed in the human poisonings ( Langer et al , 1992 ; Kraft et al 1987 ) . Hepatorenal failure was also manifested as metabolic acidosis , hypokalaemia and hypocalcaemia . Both groups tied the toxic effects to the inhibition of dihydroorotate dehydrogenase with 50 % inhibition at 10-4 to 10-3 M. Inhibition of dihydroorotate dehydrogenase leads to impairment of de novo synthesis of pyrimidines and inhibition of RNA synthesis . The discovery that polyporic acid is a known inhibitor of dihydroorotate dehydrogenase has led researchers to test it as an antitumor agent ( Miersch , 1986 ) .
Gill and Steglich ( 1987 ) demonstrated that polyporic acid is also present in Porostereum friesii ( Lev . ) Horst . & Ryv . =Hjortstamia friesii ( Lév . ) Bordin & Giles , Lopharia papyraceae ( Jungh . ) Reid , and in Phanerochaete filamentosa ( Berk . & Curt . ) Burds = Rhizochaete filamentosa ( Berk . & M.A . Curtis ) Gresl . Ko et al ( 2001 ) set out to see whether these three species were closely related evolutionarily and discovered that the answer is no . The ability to produce polyporic acid has arisen at least three and possibly four times . We do not have a complete picture of what other polypores might contain polyporic acid but one would be wise to test and investigate other polypores for a red to purple color change on application of KOH , especially closely related species like Aurantiporus alborubescens ( Bourdot & Galzin ) H. Jahn and Postia fragilis ( Fr . ) Jülich . It is quite likely that the red or purple reaction seen in other Hapalopilus species is due to polyporic acid or members of the polyporic acid family . For example Hapalopilus albocitirnus ( Petch ) Ryvarden turns distinctly cherry red on application of a drop of KOH , the yellow to orange reddish pores of Hapalopilus mutans ( Peck ) Gilb . & Ryvarden turn reddish when treated with KOH , and Hapalopilus croceus ( Pers . ) Donk turns red to carmine when treated with KOH ( Gilbertson and Ryvarden , 1986 , 1987 ) . The deep orange pores of Hapalopilus sibiricus Núñez , Parmasto & Ryvarden turn cherry red with KOH ( Roody 2003 ) . It would be interesting to know the chemistry behind the purple-violet reaction when KOH is dropped on the pores of Ceriporia purpurea ( Fr . ) Donk ( Breitenbach and Kränzlin 1986 ) and the pinkish red reaction when KOH is placed on the cap and stalk of Albatrellus skamanius ( Murrill ) Pouzar ( Ginns 1997 ) .
Dorothy Smullen , after reading a draft of this paper , found a reference to two Sticta species that contain polyporic acid ( Murray 1952 ) . Unfortunately , no abstract of the paper is available and purchase of the 6-page article costs over $ 100 , so I have no other details . Dorothy also uncovered the fact that vulpinic acid ( a yellow pigment found in Letharia vulpina ( L. ) Hue ) is structurally very close to polyporic acid . In Europe and Western North America , Letharia vulpina was stuffed into carcasses of dead animals to kill wolves . It is highly toxic .
Further library research on my part turned up the fact that polyporic acid , and the structurally related compounds atromentin , bovinone , and oosporein , are common metabolic products of a number of species of fungi and function as bacterial antibiotics ( Brewer et al 1984 ) . In addition , these compounds function as anti-fungicides , decreasing vegetative growth and inhibiting spore germination of 12 species of fungi in six diverse genera ( Brewer et al 1977 ) . Polyporic acid is the active ingredient of the Chinese herbal medicine GuiZhiFuLing , made from an extract of a species of Poria ( Xiao et al 2012 – please note that the reference to this paper is abbreviated in the references below because I refuse to fully cite a brief paper loaded with an obscene number of authors trying to build their reputation on paper citations and the work of others ) .
Among the people who collect mushrooms for natural dyes , Hapalopilus nidulans is very highly valued for the lovely purple colors that it produces . I wonder if Porostereum friesii and Rhizochaete filamentosa may also prove of value to the dye crowd . Just do not try them for medicinal effects . They are most certainly all toxic . The partially cited Xiao paper below demonstrates and extols the bioavailablilty of the polyporic acid in the herbal medicine GuiZhiFuLing . In contrast , I would be concerned about the presence of polyporic acid – yes , it might possibly be able to disrupt the growth of some cancers but it does a great deal of ancillary damage . When my doctor wanted to monitor my liver enzymes to make certain there was no harm from some medicinal mushrooms I was taking , I assured him that they were entirely non-toxic and that there was nothing to worry about from polypores . It is now clear that such is not the case for all polypores . However , it is the kidney function that needs to be monitored .
Haplopilus nidulans , © photo by Sue Hopkins Leptoporus mollis , © photo by Michael Beug
1Jim Ginns has examined my mystery polypore and has determined that it is Leptoporus mollis .
Acknowledgments
I want to thank Ian Gibson for critiquing early drafts of this paper and making valuable suggestions .
References
Arpin , N. , J. Favre-Bonvin , W. Steglich . 1974 . Fomentarol : A New Benzo Tropolone Isolated From Fomes Fomentarius . Phytochemistry 13 ( 9 ) :1949-1952 .
Breitenbach , J. and F. Kränzlin . 1986 . Fungi of Switzerland . Volume 2 : Non gilled Fungi . Lucerne : Verlag Mykologia .
Brewer , D. , W.S . Maass , A. Taylor . 1977 . The Effect of Fungal Growth of some 2,5-dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones . Canadian Journal of Microbiology 23 ( 7 ) :845-51 .
Brewer , D. , W.C. Jen , G.A . Jones , A. Taylor . 1984 . The antibacterial activity of some naturally occurring 2,5-dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones . Canadian Journal of Microbiology 30 ( 8 ) : 1068-72 .
Gilbertson , R.L. , and L. Ryvarden . 1986 . North American Polypores Volume 1 , Oslo : Fungiflora .
Gilbertson , R.L. , and L. Ryvarden . 1987 . North American Polypores Volume 2 , Oslo : Fungiflora .
Gill , M. , W. Steglich . 1987 . Pigments of fungi ( Macromycetes ) . Progress Chem Org Nat Products 51:1-317 .
Ginns , J . 1997 . The taxonomy and dsitribution of rare or uncommon species of Albatrellus in western North America . Canadian Journal of Botany 75 : 261-273 .
Ko , K.S. , H.S . Jung and Lief Ryvarden . 2001 . Phylogenetic relationships of Hapalopilus and related genera inferred from mitochondrial and small subunit ribosomal DNA sequences . Mycologia 93 ( 2 ) : 270-276 .
Kraft , J. , S. Bauer , G. Keihoff , J. Mieersch , D. Wend , D Riemann , R. Hirschelmann , H-J Holzhausen , J. Langer . 1998 . Biological effects of the dihydroorotate dehydrogenase inhibitor polyporic acid , a toxic constituent of the mushroom , Hapalopilus rutilans , in rats and humans . Arch Toxicol 72:711-721 .
Langer , J. , S. Bauer , J. Miersch , F.-W. Rath . 1992 . On biological influence of polyporic acid : toxicological and biochemical investigations of two intoxications of the mushroom Hapalopilus rutilans . Zeitrschrift fuer Mykologie 58 ( 2 ) : 173-184 .
Mieresch , J . 1986 . Einfluss von Chinonen auf die mitochondriale Dihydroorotat-Dehydrogenase aus Kartoffelknollen-Parenchym . Biochem . Physiol . Pflanzen 181 : 405-410 .
Murray , J . 1952 . Lichens and Fungi . Part 1 . Polyporic Acid in Stictae . Journal of the Chemical Society ( resumed ) 0 ( paper 246 ) : 1345-1350 .
Roody , W.C. 2003 . Mushrooms of West Virginia and the Central Appalachians . Louisville : University Press of Kentucky .
Xiao , F. et al Fitoterapia 83 ( 1 ) .
This page also available as a pdf file .
back to top
DETROIT - Detroit-based Atwater Brewery is expanding its location on the Detroit riverfront . The booming brewer will host a grand opening of its new Biergarten and Taphouse at 237 Joseph Campau at 4 p.m. Nov. 25 . The new 5,000-square-foot space has a 25-seat bar , and a total capacity of 125 people . There 's community-style seating throughout the new taproom , according to a release . Atwater 's current Detroit taproom , located inside the actual brewing facility , will remain open for private events and spill-over from the new location that sits adjacent to the brewery . `` We 're especially excited with this new space because it 's an opportunity to connect with customers in our home market and it also allows us to showcase our main brewery , '' Atwater owner Mark Rieth said in a release . Rieth also said Atwater is proud to be a part of Detroit 's Rivertown district . The brewery occupies a 96-year-old building on Joseph Campau . The spirits , wines and hard cider produced by Atwater will also be served at the new location , but one of the biggest changes is the addition of food to the menu . According to a release , a new biergarten menu will debut at the taphouse , featuring things like gourmet pizza , white bean shredded chicken chili and fish tacos . The brewery has been rapidly expanding in the last three years . Currently , they have the capacity to push out over 40,000 barrels of beer a year . Prior to the Detroit expansion , Rieth opened Atwater in the Park up the river in Grosse Pointe Park . There , 40 beers are on tap , and there 's a full food menu . `` This new facility is a signature location for an Atwater biergarten , '' says Rieth . `` We 've said all along that we want to 'bring Detroit everywhere ' and now we 're bringing it to the most important place of all - home ! We 've incorporated our heritage into the DNA of the place and we look forward to sharing our home with all metro Detroit over the coming years . '' For the grand opening , Atwater will sell $ 1 beers from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m . They 'll tap two new versions of old recipes at the grand opening , too : A `` new original '' Rivertown Porter , and the seasonal Lebkuchen Christmas Ale . According to a release , Atwater has a series of biergartens and tap houses planned for the country . Atwater is opening a Grand Rapids location this spring
In late January , the brewer announced they 'd be launching in Ontario , Canada in February . Atwater said they were partnering with The Craft Brand Company and The Bier Market restaurants to get their popular Vanilla Java Porter on draft in Toronto and all over Ontario . Earlier this year , Atwater announced plans to continue expansion earlier this year . According to those plans , only a few more states will see Atwater beers in 2015 : California , New York and New Jersey . The new markets will bring Atwater 's reach to 26 U.S. states in 2015 . Rieth has said that Atwater is still looking at opening a tap room in downtown Detroit . Currently , the riverfront location is open as a tap room Monday through Friday from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. , Saturday from 2 p.m. to 11 p.m. and Sunday from 12 p.m. to 8 p.m .
Ian Thibodeau is the business and development reporter for MLive Media Group in Detroit . He can be reached at ithibode @ mlive.com , or follow him on Twitter .
The Manitoba government 's plan to revamp the electoral system could lead to a younger voting age .
Premier Greg Selinger says he is keeping an open mind and awaiting consultations , but believes there are upsides to letting people under 18 cast ballots .
`` I think there 's even an argument to look at a lower voting age , or participation earlier . A lot of students I meet — young people — are very interested in the political process and bring a lot of good ideas , '' Selinger said in a year-end interview with The Canadian Press .
Selinger recently announced that an all-party task force is to examine possible electoral changes , including whether the current first-past-the-post approach should be replaced . That system can allow a party to win a majority of seats with less than 40 per cent of the popular vote .
Selinger would not express a preference for alternatives such as proportional representation or a preferential ballot . Each has its pros and cons , he said .
`` What I want is for people to be able to vote without fear or favour . What I want is that no big money controls things , and I want accessibility to the system . ''
The province recently adopted plans for a permanent voting list , which is supposed to make it easier for people to cast a ballot even if they do n't have multiple pieces of identification .
The NDP government , more than a decade ago , banned corporate and union donations and imposed limits on personal ones .
The provincial task force is not likely to be up and running before the Manitoba election slated for April 19 . Selinger has said his planned electoral review will only start once a federal one promised by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau completes its work .
The aforementioned definition is very much in line with an earlier definition by Brunstein et al . ( 1998 ) : “ Personal goals are elaborate cognitive representations of what a person wants to achieve or avoid in his or her current life circumstances ” ( p. 494 ) . In these definitions of the goal concept , a central tenet is the mental representation of a desired future outcome . These definitions might be unproblematic from a commonsense point of view . But when a definition rests upon another term , cognitive representation , this term needs to be defined to make sense of the first term . Trying to define the term mental representation , researchers run into a similar problem : the lack of a generally agreed definition . If they were to go along with Gallistel ( 2001 ) , they could adopt the definition of a mental representation as “ a system of symbols isomorphic to some aspects of the environment , used to make behavior-generating decisions that anticipate events and relations in that environment ” ( p. 9691 ) . According to Tye ( 2000 ) , representationalism appeals to the transparency of experience . The properties in a perceptual experience are presented as properties of objects perceived ; they are not presented as mere properties of the experience itself . Thus , according to the representationalist view , the phenomenal character of an experience is due to its representing objective , nonexperiential properties . Thus , following this line of reasoning , goals are conceptualized as mental events that represent properties of the future , and these events can be considered to have causal influence on behavior .
Elliot and Fryer ( ) pointed to the ubiquity of goal-related constructs in psychology from both a theoretical and an empirical point of view . Despite ample use of the term goal , they noted that both researchers and theorists have neglected to offer a definition of the term and that it tends to be used as a rather vague concept where its meaning is taken for granted . Elliot and Fryer also stated that this lack of clarity is a grave concern , since it hinders progress in empirical research . A consensual definition was not to be found , but they drew some defining features of what is meant by a goal from the literature :
A goal is a cognitive representation of a future object that the organism is committed to approach or avoid . . . . A goal is focused on the future ; it is a cognitive representation of something that is possible in the future . Goal-directed behavior is proactive , not reactive . It entails use of a future image as a guide to present behavior ; it does not simply entail an immediate , unmediated response to a present stimulus . . . . Implicit in this conceptualization is that the mental image of the future possibility has a causal influence on present behavior . ( Elliot and Fryer 2008 , p. 245 )
The Behavior-Analytic Position
In the behavior-analytic literature , references to goals or goal-directed behavior are less common . This should come as no surprise , since these concepts , in a dualist fashion , tend to rest upon hypothetical mental entities that are used for causal explanation of the individual 's behavior , a form of reasoning that is at odds with behavior-analytic thinking . However , the concept of goals is used in the literature in ways that imply that goals do have some bearing on the behavior of the behavior analysts themselves . For example , in the classic article by Baer et al . ( 1968 ) , reference is made to the researcher 's goal . In the same vein , Wolf ( 1978 ) raised the question of the social significance of the specific behavioral goals that govern the applied work . Likewise , in the applied behavior analysis literature , goals are used as a concept that describes what regulates behavioral change programs ( e.g. , Cooper et al . 2007 ) , and lately references have been made to the goals of contextual behavioral science as such ( Hayes et al . 2012 ) .
A notable exception within the behavior-analytic field is the organizational behavioral management ( OBM ) literature , where goals are frequently addressed , especially in terms of methodology . Different procedures of goal setting are described as a widely used and well-established method for increasing productivity ( Tammemagi et al . 2013 ) and are often employed in combination with feedback procedures ( Alvero et al . 2001 ) . But in texts that deal directly with the basic behavioral terminology of goals , a picture much more colored by critical voices emerges .
1985 1989 There is no current goal , incentive , purpose or meaning to be taken into account . This is so even if we ask him what he is doing and he says , “ I am looking for my glasses. ” This is not a further description of his behavior but of the variables of which his behavior is a function ; it is equivalent to “ I have lost my glasses , I shall stop what I am doing when I find my glasses , ” or “ when I have done this in the past , I have found my glasses. ” These translations may seem unnecessarily roundabout , but only because expressions involving goals and purposes are abbreviations . ( Skinner 1953 , p. 90 ) Skinner ( ) stated that while words suggesting probable action seem to point to the future , they are in fact referring to past consequences . Intention is mainly a way to speak of operant behavior , and operant behavior is shaped by the histories of the subjects . The same goes for statements that human behavior is directed toward goals and the satisfaction of needs . These statements would translate into behavioral terms by saying that people behave in ways that have had reinforcing consequences in the past , and that these consequences have been made reinforcing through natural selection or operant conditioning .
This passage delineates two functions for behavior when talking about goals . One is that goals can be used as abbreviations , pointing out the past reinforcing consequences of behavior in a person 's environment ; the other is that goals denote a consequence specified in advance that will terminate the behavioral event in question .
This way of talking about goals is quite in accordance with the analysis made by Baum ( 2005 ) . In his words , the goals of an activity can be referred to as part of that activity . Goals are a quality of behavior rather than causes of behavior . For instance , in an individual 's behavior of walking toward the city center , the goal of walking ( a specific location ) is inseparable from the activity of walking . Walking to the beach would , in a functional sense , not be the same behavior with another goal . It would be a different behavior . This logic will inevitably make the same contingencies responsible for the goal as for the “ goal-directed behavior , ” since they are mere topographical aspects of the same behavioral entity .
On a more applied level , Fellner and Sulzer-Azaroff ( 1984 ) discussed goals and goal setting in an OBM context . They provided a general definition of goal setting as an established efficacious method for behavioral influence that specifies a level of performance toward which the person should work . In their account , goals are defined in terms of functional properties , and a goal will be seen as a stimulus that precedes behavior . When a verbal event—that is , a goal statement—reliably accompanies a reinforced response , this verbal event may acquire the property of a discriminative stimulus . Thereby , when uttered , this verbal statement will increase the probability of that response being emitted . By definition , this will mean that in the presence of such a goal statement , actual reinforcement is more likely , and in absence of that statement , it is less so . Furthermore , in their account they hypothesized that goal attainment may acquire the function of a conditioned reinforcer if goal attainment reliably accompanies the reinforcers that follow upon the actual behavior . From a commonsense perspective , the behavior-analytic conceptions of goals may seem like an odd entry , since the more usual way is to treat the goals of behavior as events that are separate from these behaviors and as events that are located in the future rather than in the history . The behavior-analytic conception , thereby , may pose problems with regard to the everyday use of the concept of goals .
While Fellner and Sulzer-Azaroff 's ( 1984 ) account may be satisfying the behavior-analytic task of making the processes studied accessible to experimental manipulation , it principally contains the possibility of substituting the goal statement with a random word , and the goal attainment with a token . Our assumption is that few would refer to the resulting behavior as goal directed . It is also hard to see how this use of the term goal would be helpful , even in the community of behavior analysts themselves when using the term in reference to their own enterprise . And what are behavior analysts to do with goals that are formulated about events that have no obvious counterpart in the individual 's experienced history—goals such as “ world peace ” ? What are behavior analysts to do with verbally stated goals that are not a part of behavior that is directed at or under the control of the goals in question ? After all , it is obvious that an individual can talk about walking toward the city center without acting accordingly , and thereby “ failing to reach the goal. ” Or if the individual 's goal is to reach the city center by foot , there may be several options for different behaviors that would be functionally equivalent in the sense that they would all make the individual end up at the same place . Yet , these options may differ in the efficiency of producing that outcome . There is even a possibility of talking about goals and behaving in a fashion that reasonably would be considered counterproductive to achieving those goals . It is easy to find objections to the behavior analytic passages above , since they seem to be incompatible with the usefulness of these words in everyday conversation .
At the same time , while these behavior-analytic ideas may defy the commonsense notion of a goal , they put a healthy focus on the task at hand , which is to formulate what seems to be a part of the subject 's future as a part of his or her learning history .
Campaigner says ‘ I am being silenced ' over cuts in government funding for her charity that would leave traumatised children ‘ largely unprotected '
One of Britain 's most high-profile children 's campaigners , Camila Batmanghelidjh , has launched a blistering attack on politicians and austerity , as she announced she is to step down after nearly 20 years at the head of the Kids Company charity .
The charity she founded , which specialises in therapeutic support for severely abused and traumatised children , is likely to halve in size , making £14m of cuts and sacking hundreds of staff in an attempt to survive a serious financial crisis .
On Thursday night , she said : “ Some ugly games are being played . The facts are that the vulnerable children of this country remain largely unprotected . There 's no point in shooting the messenger if the message is uncomfortable . I am being silenced . ”
There is a lack of political leadership in relation to maltreated children and vulnerable children in this country Camila Batmanghelidjh
Kids Company predicted that the proposed restructuring , which it said was triggered after the government signalled that it was to end £5m annual funding , will leave thousands of vulnerable youngsters without support .
The charity has been negotiating for weeks with the Cabinet Office over a one-off grant of around £3m to enable it to restructure . If there is no grant the charity could call in the receivers within weeks .
The charity has expanded rapidly in recent years to cope with what it says are huge rises in demand , particularly from troubled children who have been turned away from mainstream health , education and care services .
Kids Company 's HQ is currently in temporary accommodation on an upper floor of an investment bank in the City of London . According to Batmanghelidjh , the charity “ nearly went bust ” recently but was given a temporary lifeline when well-known artists including Antony Gormley , Tracy Emin and Anish Kapoor donated works to raise money for it .
Batmanghelidjh warned that without a regular source of state funding , Kids Company would be reliant on fundraising . “ We are doing the most serious work [ funded ] by cupcake sales and cocktail parties , ” she told the Guardian , “ and I do n't think that is right or sustainable . ”
As a result , the charity would struggle to meet the needs of its children in future . She said : “ We will be able to offer them food , hopefully , and at least give them the dignity of being a compassionate witness to their experience . But we are not going to be able to sort out their problems because we do not have the resources . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Camila Batmanghelidjh ( left ) attends a ‘ big society ' meeting chaired by prime minister David Cameron in 2010 . Photograph : Ben Stansall/PA
Batmanghelidjh , a trained psychotherapist , will step down as chief executive in the next few months but continue to carry out clinical work with Kids Company clients and act as the charity 's figurehead .
David Cameron has been a prominent supporter of Batmanghelidjh , but it is understood that the price of further government help was the departure of her and the charity 's chairman , broadcaster Alan Yentob .
Kids Company believes its close relations with the government soured last autumn , after its See the Child campaign criticised the UK 's child protection system as not fit for purpose . According to one source , Whitehall made it clear the campaign had failed to show the government “ enough respect ” .
The charity also believes it lost support from City donors after an article about it appeared earlier this year in the rightwing Spectator magazine , alleging that it was poorly managed and could not demonstrate the social impact of its work . The charity says it has independent audits to prove its effectiveness .
Three Kids Company directors quit earlier this year , amid what Batmanghelidjh said were “ conditions of extreme stress ” at the charity , caused by funding difficulties .
On Friday Batmanghelidjh told Radio 4 's Today programme that official sources were briefing the media against the charity in an attempt to discredit her . Asked about claims that funds had not been properly accounted for and the effectiveness of the charities services was in doubt , she replied : “ That 's a red herring , it 's not true . We have had audits in the last 19 years . All of them have been clear . We have raised £150m worth of money where we have had to process it and evaluate it . ”
Laying the blame at the feet of the government , she added : “ This is briefing to avoid the real issues which is that we repeatedly challenged governments because they are not protecting children robustly … They are attempting to discredit me so that my message is weakened . ”
In a wide-ranging interview with the Guardian , Batmanghelidjh warned that growing inequality was fuelling a distorted “ emotional economy ” for young people in the UK that would lead to riots and conflict between haves and have nots .
“ At some point , the two shall meet , ” she said , “ and when you get a very violated individual meeting a very well-cared for individual , the violated individual 's rage will bring down the well-cared for individual . That 's what people have n't understood yet . ”
Although increasing numbers of children were suffering abuse , politicians had repeatedly shown they lacked the “ moral fibre ” to invest properly in child protection , she said .
“ If when I look back on my 30 years of work with vulnerable children on the streets , what I would say is there is a lack of political leadership in relation to maltreated children and vulnerable children in this country , ” she added . “ Until there is genuine political leadership on this issue the system will remain failing . ”
The prime minister courted what he called the “ visionary ” Kids Company during his mission to detoxify the Tory party while in opposition , and cited it in his infamous “ hug a hoodie ” speech in 2006 as an exemplar of the type of public service he wanted to see – one which concentrated on “ emotional quality ” rather than hitting bureaucratic targets .
Batmanghelidjh was subsequently co-opted on to his ill-fated Big Society project in 2010 . In 2012 , Cameron personally intervened , like Gordon Brown five years before him , to ensure Kids Company continued to receive a government grant at a time when many other charities ' grants were cut .
But Batmanghelidjh says Cameron lost his nerve in latter years : “ He lacked courage . When they [ the media ] started spinning it into ‘ hug a hoodie ' he needed to stand up for his belief and say to the nation : ‘ I stand by what I said , because it really matters . ' This crystallises the whole issue , which are they [ politicians ] put their finger out and whichever way the wind blows that 's the way they blow . ”
Iranian-born Batmanghelidjh founded Kids Company nearly 20 years ago . It provides care , support and education for around 36,000 highly vulnerable young people and adults in London , Bristol and Liverpool . Many have experienced sexual abuse , violence , addiction , mental illness and family instability .
The charity believes its intensive therapeutic model for working with maltreated youngsters should be adopted by mainstream children 's care services , but its high upfront costs and often unconventional approach has scared off many potential local authority funders .
Although Batmanghelidjh has attracted tens of millions from charity donors over the years , she said she had been worn down by the stress of having to constantly raise funds . She said : “ I have just got to a point now where I am saying : ‘ I do n't play this game any more . ' The scale of what is arriving at our door is too profoundly disturbing for us to be able to address it through unpredictable morsels of funding . It is not just right .
“ If I went under a bus right now , Kids Company would not have any money , and I worry about that . ”
Living in poverty exerts a high cognitive toll on families | Camila Batmangelidh Read more
For some years Kids Company has received a £5m annual government grant , equivalent to a fifth of its annual income . But Batmanghelidjh said ministers had cut the grant from 2015-16 . She said : “ Consequently we will start the year not knowing where our money is coming from and that 's too high a risk to sustain when you have got disturbed children and young people . ”
She criticised politicians for failing to prioritise investment in child protection . “ I do n't accept that there is not enough money to do the job , ” she said . “ There 's enough money for high-speed rail . There is enough money for arms . There is enough money for the glory of the Olympics . But there is just not enough money for child protection and that is wrong . ”
The charity is well-known for its celebrity supporters and donors , who have included Coldplay , Damien Hirst , the comedian Michael McIntyre , JK Rowling and Emma Thompson . But more than half of its £23m income in 2013 came from central and local government and charitable trusts and foundations .
Kids Company 's last set of accounts lodged with the charities commission , for 2013 , recorded a 23 % increase in spending on frontline services as government funding cuts and the impact of the recession left children without support .
CHAPEL HILL , N.C. , March 16 ( UPI ) -- Scientists from the University of North Carolina have developed a new kind of 3D printer , and it was inspired by the film Terminator 2 .
The scene in the movie shows a robot rising from the ground out of a pool of liquid metal , and the way the 3D printer works looks similar . The printer works by pulling resin out of a pool that hardens when it is exposed to UV light . UV light is directed at the resin in certain ways as it comes out to decide the shape .
The scientists who created the printer have also created a company called Carbon3D so they can sell models to the public .
There is further explanation for how the scientists developed the printer in a new paper they 've release in the journal Science .
Lee Rowland is a senior staff attorney with the ACLU 's Speech , Privacy & Technology Project .
A South Carolina highway patrol honor guard detail lowers the Confederate battle flag from a flag pole on the statehouse grounds on Friday , July 10 , 2015 , in Columbia , S.C. ( AP Photo/John Bazemore )
The ACLU joined calls this month for the state of South Carolina to unhook the “ Southern Cross ” — the Confederate battle flag — from the flagpole at the state capitol and permanently remove the flag from the seat of its government . When the flag came down , we applauded . South Carolina , its governor , legislature and citizens got it right : making a decision , as a state , to change its message , and making that change via the democratic process .
But when the Supreme Court had its chance to weigh in on the Confederate flag debate — and protect the First Amendment rights of Texans who wanted to display it on their cars ' license plates — the Court got it wrong .
The Texas Department of Motor Vehicles offers a “ specialty license plate ” program that allows individuals to personally design , produce , purchase and display a specialty message of their choosing . Currently , the state of Texas issues plates celebrating Texas realtors , the University of South Carolina ( yes , really ) and Dr. Pepper — none of which is an official message of the Lone Star State : They 're customized messages of , by and for private citizens . And when the state opens up a platform for private speech — as it has done here , to anyone who 'll pay the required additional fee — it ca n't pick and choose who gets to speak .
But that 's precisely what Texas did when it denied a controversial group — the Sons of Confederate Veterans — the right to participate in the specialty plate program . That 's why the ACLU filed a brief arguing that by extending this opportunity for private expression only to groups approved by the state , Texas violated the First Amendment rights of the Sons of Confederate Veterans .
We 're not being hypocritical or two-faced — and we 're not carrying a banner for the flag — but we are doing our best to support the values of our Constitution , which include both racial justice and freedom of speech . The Confederate flag sparks debate in both of those arenas , and there 's an easy test to figure out how our principles shake out : Who 's speaking ?
When we 're thinking about the First Amendment , who the speaker is means everything . If you go out to a public park to fly the flag you salute , the First Amendment has your back — full stop . As Justice Samuel Alito wrote , “ the distinction between government speech and private speech is critical ” and lies at the very core of the First Amendment 's protection .
That means the government ca n't stop you from taping up your bumper sticker or rabble-rousing from your soapbox , whether your message is a peace sign , battle hymn , swastika or heart . Your individual liberty to speak , unconstrained by government , is at the heart of both the First Amendment and our American tradition of protest and freedom . And until last month , that liberty included the right to design and display the specialty license plate of your choice .
But if it 's the state waving that flag ? That 's different . The First Amendment is n't a free-floating shield for every idea good or bad ; it 's a check on government 's attempt to regulate speech by its citizens . It protects the speech of the governed , but not the speech of the government .
And when the government speaks , it does n't risk being censored by itself . Essentially , the Constitution treats the government like any other private speaker : with the right to express whatever opinions ( good or bad ) it wishes . If a state flies a Confederate flag atop its flagpole ( bad idea ) , it can . And if it votes to change course , like South Carolina just did , and take it down ( good idea ) , it can do that too . That 's a policy change , not a self-applied muzzle that violates the First Amendment .
Another reason — more philosophical , perhaps — that government speech , opinions and ideas are n't constrained by the First Amendment : They 're constrained by our democracy instead .
The cure for “ bad ” speech is n't censorship , it 's more speech — because censorship is n't only unconstitutional , it 's ultimately ineffective . Trying to suppress speech or images does n't hide the ideas or beliefs behind them — it just pushes them toward the shadows . When bad ideas see the light of day , however , the rest of us get to react to them with our own ideas . So when a Texan who makes the choice to display a license plate bearing the Confederate flag drives by on the highway , you have a pretty good idea what that person believes ; what you , in turn , think about those beliefs ; and exactly how far behind that person you wish to drive .
The right to see and react to others ' speech is particularly important when the speaker is our own government , using our tax dollars and speaking in our collective name . We do n't just have the right to hoot and holler and object to government actions we disagree with , we have a civic duty to do so . Recent events in South Carolina illustrate this principle so perfectly in practice that it 's almost worthy of a civics textbook .
After nine African Americans were horrifically gunned down at Charleston 's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church , the nation learned that the accused killer was a Confederate flag admirer . Many Americans , some in fresh grief , loudly and understandably pointed to that flag as emblematic of his hatred and racism . The flag itself became a political flash point ; Confederate flags sold out online . Reacting to the onslaught , several online retailers said they 'd stop selling items emblazoned with the Confederate battle flag logo . Many pointed to the Confederate flag flying on the capitol grounds in Columbia and said that it should come down , too . In short order , it did ; and it was about time .
South Carolina legislators not only saw the writing on the wall , they saw it on the Internet , on television and in opinion pages . They voted to bring the Confederate flag down because that flag — a symbol of white supremacy that once flew above the heads of those who fought to retain humans as slaves — is simply not a symbol appropriate for today 's government to display . They saw a bad idea and responded with a better one ; they responded to speech with more speech .
Those bad ideas are still out there , all right , and the ACLU will fight tooth and nail to keep them constitutionally protected no matter how much we disagree with them . Individuals can still fly whatever flag they like when they march by the South Carolina capitol , and their ideas remain protected and unfettered . But the state government has stopped lending its voice to that discriminatory chorus . Our beautiful cacophony of opinionated , constitutionally protected speech has led to a more just country — and world — without forfeiting one ounce of our freedoms . That 's how it should be , as illustrated by South Carolina 's democratic decision to furl the Confederate flag into the obscurity of history . Theirs is a constitutional success story .
The state of Texas , on the other hand , stifled private speech — with the blessing of the Supreme Court . That 's a constitutional failure .
Correction : This article originally referred to the Confederate battle flag , also known as the “ Southern Cross , ” as the “ Stars and Bars , ” a different Confederate-era flag .
The end of 2016 will bring with it completion of some major parts of the massive widening on a long stretch of U.S. 290 that started five years ago . But to the chagrin of drivers , that still means they 'll be driving on new pavement as construction continues on parts of the highway for more than a year .
On Wednesday night starting at 9 p.m. , crews will do a rare midweek traffic lane switch , shifting the eastbound lanes onto the newly-built westbound freeway between 34th Street and Hollister so workers can start building the center of the freeway . Officials wanted to make the swap so they could complete the segment and return after the holidays with the westbound work behind them , said Karen Othon , spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Transportation for the project .
Construction , meanwhile , will take longer than expected , Othon confirmed . Utility relocations and other delays led officials to revise previous estimates that all the work along the 38-mile widening project would open in 2017 . Now most of the project segments will be finished in 2018 , though some major changes will come much sooner .
Work is spread along U.S. 290 from Loop 610 to the Waller County line . Officials estimate the widening and associated interchange work at Loop 610 , the Sam Houston Tollway and Grand Parkway will cost $ 1.8 billion , with $ 1.27 billion of that construction of the 13 separate segments that encompass the overall project .
Regarding Wednesday 's traffic switch , TxDOT typically makes significant changes to detours and lanes over weekends when traffic is lighter and officials can correct any issues on Saturday and Sunday . Othon said the upcoming Christmas and New Year holidays convinced officials to finish the work , make the switch and move to other tasks when they return from the holiday break .
The shift is also unique , Cossey said , in involving three different contractors - Williams Brothers Construction , OHL USA and Webber . Normally , the detours would just be in the area built by one contractor .
Though the work on 290 is cheered by elected officials and others as necessary to handle growth , for drivers it has been a years-long slog of narrowed lanes , traffic detours and white-knuckled drives alongside semi-tractor trailers .
`` Oh my god , it 's terrible . I feel like I am going to die , '' said Piper Kwasniewski , 29 , who lives near the freeway close to Cy-Fair High School , citing how unsafe she feels on the freeway in spots where there are no roadway shoulders so close to heavy trucks .
Construction and lane width reductions have been a constant for commuters for five years , with a sixth and possibly seventh still to go . Work at U.S. 290 and Loop 610 started in June 2011 . Crews and construction managers have n't had it any easier , trying to widen and rebuild a freeway , move utilities and install a huge drainage system while keeping traffic flowing .
`` It 's like a puzzle , '' said Shane Cossey , the TxDOT engineer overseeing the U.S. 290 project . `` It 's a lot of working pieces we have to get done . ''
To keep the freeway open , construction essentially has moved along the freeway 's path as well as across it . Traffic moved onto the westbound lanes so crews could build most of the eastbound side , then swapped back so workers could widen the westbound side . Now , along most of the project , work moves to the middle .
None of the changes change the capacity or number of lanes on the freeway , Cossey said .
Crews last week were putting the finishing touches on the road , completing the last small portions of the westbound lanes and readying them for the traffic flip .
Eventually , U.S. 290 will be at least five lanes in each direction with a single reversible high occupancy toll lane from Loop 610 to Texas 6 . West of Texas 6 , the freeway will be four lanes in each direction with the solo HOT lane .
Othon said TxDOT is still analyzing a proposal by Metro for off-peak high occupancy vehicle lane restrictions along the freeway . Before changes were made to the project in 2014 , three reversible HOT lanes were planned down the center of the freeway . To improve transit times in the area , Metro proposed making the innermost lane of each side of the freeway an HOV lane - westbound in the morning when traffic is lighter and eastbound in the afternoon . That way , buses can make quicker return trips to suburban park-and-ride locations along U.S. 290 .
`` It does n't impact the construction schedule at all , '' Othon said , adding officials have time to decide if the proposal is possible .
What will affect openings of portions of the freeway when it 's finally widened is other areas , Cossey said . Even as the freeway is completed in sections west of the Loop 610 , he said crews will hold off opening places where it will create a bottleneck at spots still under construction .
`` Nowhere on 290 are we going to open up to only restrict ... elsewhere , '' Cossey said .
A plane carrying ten American tourists has crashed in the mountains of Costa Rica leaving no survivors , the government has confirmed .
On Sunday , a small aircraft operated by two local pilots crashed in the mountainous region of Punta Islit , in Guanacaste , Costa Rica with 10 Americans on board .
“ The Government of Costa Rica deeply regrets the death of 10 American passengers and two Costa Rican pilots in the aircraft crash ” President Luis Guillermo Solis said in a statement .
The single-propeller Cessna 208 Caravan plane , part of the Nature Air fleet , went down just moments after takeoff from Punta Islita Airport on its way to Juan Santamaria International Airport . When the rescue crew reached the scene of the crash , they found no survivors as the aircraft ignited on impact . The Public Safety Ministry shared images of the aftermath of the crash on social media , confirming the fatalities .
“ The authorities are concentrating on the process of recovering the bodies , which will be transported to the forensic medicine facility in San Joaquín de Flores , ” Costa Rica 's president said , confirming the investigation into the causes of the accident will begin Monday . “ All emergency services were activated from the moment the first alert was received at 12:13 pm , ” he said .
The US State Department also confirmed the deaths of “ multiple ” Americans in the tragic incident , declining to identify the victims “ out of respect for their families . ”
“ We express our condolences to all those affected by this tragedy . We are in contact with Costa Rican aviation authorities and will continue to monitor the situation , ” it said . “ The protection of US citizens overseas is one of the highest priorities for the State Department . We stand ready to provide all appropriate consular assistance to affected US citizens . ”
Chris Bailer is a minor league hockey player from Wetaskiwin , Alberta . He is known as a real defenseman 's defenseman , as he likes to play tough , yet within himself , and will do anything he can to help his team win .
After playing four years at Sacred Heart University in Connecticut , Bailer signed with the Columbus Cottonmouths of the Southern Professional Hockey League . In his first full season with the Snakes he scored three goals and notched five assists in 52 games .
The 6 ' 2″ , 200 pound rearguard is no stranger to throwing 'em either . Bailer racked up 98 penalty minutes last year , including 8 fighting majors .
The NHL 's southern expansion experiment is a divisive topic among hockey people . While exposure to new markets is not a bad thing , teams like Florida and Phoenix have had trouble filling their arenas and we wo n't talk about what happened in Atlanta .
Considering the mediocre results that the NHL has had in the south , one would be forgiven if they thought that a league comprised of teams solely located in smaller , almost exclusively southern markets would n't have a chance in hell of surviving , but the SPHL has made it work . This will be the league 's 10th season .
The SPHL will feature two new teams this year . The Peoria Rivermen , formerly of the AHL , and the Bloomington Thunder , who are joining from the CHL . The Illinois Expansion will put more pressure on the league 's logistical capabilities , but will also provide a chance to really make a niche for themselves in hockeydom .
Like Bailer , most of the players in the Southern League are Canadian , so moving to the Deep South is an entirely new ballgame for them .
Bailer 's Cottonmouths play at The Columbus Civic Center in Columbus , GA which is 100 miles south of Atlanta . They average just under 3,000 fans-per-game . The Huntsville Havoc , who finished second to the Pensacola Ice Flyers last year , boast the league 's best attendance .
Despite being a country away from their roots , these guys are your prototypical minor league athletes . They have a chance to keep playing , so they do . Whatever happens along the way is just gravy .
Bailer answered a few questions we had about the life of an SPHLer and then some .
If you could fight any player in the NHL who would it be ?
Dion Phaneuf .
What is your average gameday routine for Columbus ?
When we play at home I wake up , cook some eggs quick and make the 15 min drive to the rink . I 'll grab a coffee at the rink and then we have about a 45 min pre-game skate . After the skate I get treatment if I need it , otherwise I head to our favorite sub place for lunch . After that me and my roommate head home , watch some TV and relax on the couch . We 'll take about a 45 minute to an hour nap and then wake up and usually make chicken and pasta . After that it 's time to shower and get dressed up in the suit and head to the rink .
If you were the commissioner of the NHL what would be the first thing you 'd change ?
The first thing I 'd do is get rid of the instigator rule . Then I 'd make the equipment smaller with less hard plastic . Both would cut down on injuries , especially head injuries . Getting hit with the elbow and shoulder pads today in the head is like hitting a wall .
What is your favorite city to play in ( SPHL and any other ones ) ?
My favorite place to play in the SPHL would be Columbus we have great fans and a nice rink…there 's nothing better than playing in front of our fans . On the other hand if we 're talking off-ice I love going to Biloxi , Mississippi to play . It 's right on the Gulf Coast and we stay in a big casino/resort so it 's a nice place to wake up and see the water .
What is the biggest crowd you 've ever played in front of at any level ?
In college when we played against the University of Minnesota . There was close to 10,000 .
Who is the best player you 've ever played against ?
The best guy I played against and thought was unbelievable was Nick Bjugstad for Minnesota , he should be in the NHL for good . The player that 's had probably the most success in the NHL I 've played against is Cory Conacher who we played against while he was at Canisius . In Junior I 'd say Joe Colborne was the best I played against .
What is your stance on players who fight with visors ?
For me it 's a bit different because we have to wear visors in the SPHL and sometimes fights will be spurred of the moment and you get jumped so you 're fighting a guy with a visor . Ideally you 'd rather not have one for your hands sake , so usually I 'll try to square up and take our helmets off . It 's much easier on the knuckles .
What is the weirdest promotion you 've seen in the SPHL ?
I 've seen some weird ones in the SPHL for sure . In our rink we 've had midget wresting and wiener dog races . Those are pretty weird . On the other hand we had some good ones , like having the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders at our game .
Is there anyone in the SPHL that you watch play and say damn , he could make it ?
Last year there was a goalie named Riley Gill in Louisiana who was pretty good . He went to the ECHL after the lockout and ended up being the starting goalie , won the championship and was named playoff MVP . He just signed in the AHL so that 's good for him and good for the reputation of the SPHL .
Do people ever recognize you on the street ?
Yeah people recognize me and the rest of the guys on the street quite a bit . Whether it 's filling up with gas or at a restaurant… It 's a pretty cool feeling and we have a lot of support in the community .
Describe an average road trip for you guys :
Usually our road trips are short since most of our league is located in the south . Last year we did n't have many over night trips but with teams being added in Illinois this year that 'll change . The average road game though we 'll pre-game skate in Columbus , jump on the bus and drive on avg probably 7 hrs to our destination . About half-way we 'll stop to have pre-game meal . Then right after the game we 'll jump back on the bus and get home in the early morning . We have quite a few home and homes on the weekend . It 's not too bad though because our bus is a sleeper bus so we each have our own bunk and usually can get a good nights sleep .
If you got invited to an NHL camp , what would be the first thing you 'd do to get the coach 's attention ?
One of the first things I 'd do is stand up for a teammate in a scrimmage or a game . I like to think I 'm a character player who plays gritty and tough , that is the best way to prove it .
Over or Underrated : The Tragically Hip
Neither .. they get as much credit as they deserve .
What is your favorite hockey jersey ?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The 500 and 1000 rupee notes were scrapped to target so-called 'black money '
India 's controversial withdrawal of high value banknotes late last year has had an `` adverse impact '' on the economy , the government has admitted .
The country 's Economic Survey , released on the eve of the national budget , said the measures had slowed growth .
The dramatic move to scrap 500 ( $ 7.60 ) and 1,000 rupee notes was intended to crack down on corruption and so-called black money or illegal cash holdings .
But it also led to a cash shortage , hurting individuals and businesses .
The report forecast that India 's economy would grow 6.5 % in the year to March 2017 , down from 7.6 % the previous financial year .
But it also stressed that the estimate was based `` mainly '' on data from before the note withdrawal kicked in - causing some to suspect growth may be lower still .
India 's Finance minister Arun Jaitley who will deliver the Union budget in Delhi on Wednesday , said he expected the economy to `` revert to normal '' from March onwards after supplies of cash in the economy were replenished .
'Reduced demand '
Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the so-called `` demonetisation '' policy on November 8 last year .
Within hours the two notes were no longer accepted as legal tender - taking the equivalent of about 86 % of India 's cash supplies out of circulation and sparking scenes of chaos outside banks and cash machines .
Low-income Indians , traders and ordinary savers who rely on the cash economy were badly hit , with hordes thronging banks to deposit expired money and withdraw lower denominations .
`` The adverse impact ... on GDP will be transitional '' , the government 's chief economic adviser , Arvind Subramanian , wrote in the report .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Indians in Mumbai and Delhi gave us their views of the country 's banknote ban
`` Growth slowed as demonetisation reduced demand ... and increased uncertainty , '' he added , saying negative impacts included job losses and falling income for farmers .
However the report said the scheme could be `` beneficial in the long-run '' if corruption fell and there were fewer cash transactions - many of which are done to dodge taxes .
'Acknowledgement '
The government has previously said the move was a success with the banks flush with cash and significant increases in tax collection .
`` It 's very nice to understand that the survey is acknowledging the negative impact , '' said Aneesh Srivatava , chief investment officer at IDBI Federal .
`` This is perhaps the first acknowledgement coming from the government . Otherwise so far there has been a denial . ''
Deadlines for spending the notes or swapping them for new currency have already passed .
Some people , including those of Indian origin living abroad , will be able to exchange the notes in branches of India 's central bank until 31 March 2017 - but the process will be more complicated than going to a regular bank .
The reception to Caitlyn Jenner 's Vanity Fair cover story this week has been mostly laudable . The country , it seems , may finally be ready to approach transgender people with humanity and calm acceptance instead of snark or fear or hate . In fact , even the president continues to put a focus on transgender issues , repeatedly calling for an end to “ conversion ” therapies for “ transgender youth. ” His intentions are good , but his understanding of gender identity needs to evolve .
Gender is complicated . Gender identity development in children is even more so . Even with our ever-expanding understanding of gender 's fluidity and variance , we still err by reducing it to simple labels that do not apply to everyone . When children are developing their gender identities , over-simplifying gender can be especially harmful , as a nudge in one direction or another at this crucial phase might forever change a person 's life . Can we respect the expressions of gender-crossing children without being so “ affirming ” of their declarations that we accidentally steer them to a transgender path they might otherwise not want or need to take ?
Let 's put a real face on this issue—a thirty-something person I 'm going to call Jess . Jess and I know each other through our professional interests in advancing the rights of LGBT people . Although she was born typically female in terms of obvious biology , Jess was always what clinicians call “ gender nonconforming. ” Even as a young child , she gravitated toward “ masculine ” interests and toys . As she grew , Jess felt sexual attraction to females . Given what our culture says about gender , Jess wondered to herself if all this meant she should have a male body .
WIRED Opinion About Alice Dreger is author of Galileo 's Middle Finger : Heretics , Activists , and the Search for Justice in Science and Professor of Clinical Medical Humanities and Bioethics at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine . She 's on Twitter @ AliceDreger .
“ The hardest part for me was puberty , ” she recalled to me recently . Her body was feminizing even though she continued to feel “ masculine ” in terms of her self . Jess remembers , “ I did n't want my body to have the capacity to reproduce because it did n't fit my concept of my gender. ” She specifically dreaded having her breasts grow and getting her period .
Jess thinks that if , back then , a clinician had said to her , “ you are transgender , ” that might have made sense to her . She might have chosen to take puberty-delaying hormones that would have kept her from ever developing the anatomy and physiology typical for adult females . She might have followed up with some surgeries . But would that have been the right route for her ?
Hard to say . She might have turned out well and happy if she had transitioned . But it 's worth reflecting on this : Today Jess identifies as a genderqueer gay person with a female body . And she 's fine with that . That means she has n't needed to get any surgeries and wo n't need to do hormone replacement therapy , as many people who are trans need to do .
Ontario , Canada , is giving us a glimpse of what President Obama 's vision of a legislative end to “ transgender conversion therapy ” might look like , and why such legislation could actually harm children like the child Jess was . The Legislative Assembly of Ontario is now considering the “ Affirming Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Act , ” known as Bill 77 .
Bill 77 assumes gender identities and sexual orientations are all very simple—as if they are all determined at birth and easily detectable . The bill aims to prohibit any clinical practice that “ seeks to change or direct the sexual orientation or gender identity of a patient under 18 years of age , including efforts to change or direct the patient 's behavior or gender expression. ” That is an important goal . Doctors and clinicians should not pressure a child to be any gender or another ; that is incredibly harmful . But the problem is that the bill defines “ sexual orientation or gender identity of a patient [ as ] the patient 's self-identified sexual orientation or gender identity . ”
So , under this bill 's current form , if a seven-year-old male said he feels he 's a girl , then the clinician would have to effectively accept that he 's a girl . If the child indicates a belief that s/he 's a straight girl , then even if the clinician thinks the patient might be a gay boy—that the child might , with good familial and social support , grow up to be a well-adjusted gay man without the need for sex-altering surgeries or lifelong hormone replacement therapy—the clinician must not “ change or direct ” the child 's understanding .
But by not “ changing or directing ” the child 's understanding—by “ affirming ” a “ transgender ” identity as soon as it appears—the clinician might actually be stimulating and cementing a transgender identity . ( Consider by analogy how telling a girl who says she hates math that “ math is for boys ” can stimulate and cement that gendered self-identity . ) Maybe the child who is “ affirmed ” will be just as well off with a transgender identity as she would have been without , but the fact is that being transgender generally comes with non-trivial medical interventions , including hormonal and surgical .
The data we have indicates that a large percentage of boys who act statistically more “ feminine ” as children will end up not as transgender women , but as gay men , at least in our culture .
Why would a clinician ever think a feminine male child might grow up to be a gay man rather than a straight woman ? The data we have indicates that a large percentage of boys who act statistically more “ feminine ” as children—who dress up in girlish clothing , prefer social role-play games to contact sports , are highly attentive to their mothers and aunts , and feel budding sexual attraction towards male—will end up not as transgender women , but as gay men , at least in our culture . Only a small number will grow up to be straight transgender women .
Even more concerning is what the Ontario 's bill 's approach could do to a young adult like Leelah Alcorn , the born-male transgender teenager who killed herself because her parents would n't accept her identity . Imagine if Leelah had responded to parental pressure by insisting to a clinician trying to help her that she was not transgender . Under Bill 77 , the clinician would have to accept the patient 's professed self-identity , even if the clinician believed that gender transition might save this patient 's psyche and her life .
Worst of all , if Bill 77 passes , it could very well dissuade many compassionate and progressive clinicians from working with gender-variant youth . That would be a terrible outcome . We need these clinicians , and we need them to follow patients ' needs , not cultural trends .
Take Jess 's case again . Although she is n't transgender , Jess has no doubt that as a youth she needed clinical help as much as transgender youth do : “ I wish someone had worked with me on body image and my relationship to my body , on how my body displays gender and how I can convey gender in a way that makes sense for me. ” If that had happened , she says , she might have avoided the social withdrawal and eating disorder that ensued from her identity struggles .
If Bill 77 passes , it could very well dissuade many compassionate and progressive clinicians from working with gender-variant youth .
Make no mistake—for a child who feels consistently and very strongly the body of the “ opposite ” sex is what she or he needs to survive and thrive , chemical puberty-blockers followed by gender-affirming surgery and hormone replacement therapy can be lifesaving . But for a lot of children who end up in “ gender identity ” clinics , the story is more complicated .
Jess says—and I agree—children who may be LGBT and/or gender nonconforming “ need to arrive at the identity they will ” while adults give them “ the space to come to that on their own , providing supportive care along the way. ” Part of that means not pressing a child to tell us what gender and sexual orientation they “ really are , ” as legislation like Bill 77 would seem to encourage .
Jess tells me , “ In retrospect , I 'm very happy having the body I have , with just some changes in how I express it . I hold internally an identity that is valuable for me , and knowing I do n't necessarily have to pick [ from the typical social categories ] has been very liberating. ” The clinical goal , in Jess 's words , should not be to solidify labels of L , G , B , and/or T with these children , but to “ avoid the harmful impacts of stigma towards this population and promote a healthy sense of self. ” The outcome that should matter to us clinically is not the label the person might adopt , but the person herself .
This is the longest and strangest episode of Pretty Good I have ever made . Troy State 's reported 258-141 demolition of DeVry 's Decatur basketball team would have been strange enough on its own . The result of forty minutes of near-uninterrupted fast-break basketball was a score so high that Sartain Hall 's scoreboard , which could not display a number above 199 , was powerless to process the magnitude of what had happened .
No team , after all , had even scored 200 points at any level of the sport . It has n't even happened in the NBA All-Star Game , a contest that 's eight minutes longer than a college game , stacked with the world 's best shooters , and played largely without defense . For two college teams to combine for nearly 400 points requires a complete dismantling of basketball tradition .
It 's probably the strangest game in any sport that I have ever seen . As an attempt to properly size it up , I scored the game myself . My guess was that I 'd find some odds and ends that no one had bothered to report , and I did find some of those . For instance , there were 44 dunks or attempted dunks in this game , and 7:03 of game clock — nearly 20 percent of the game — was spent with the ball mid-air in the process of being shot .
After counting up a final score of 253 for Troy State , I was annoyed with myself . Scoring the game took quite a while , and I had to do it all over again just because I 'd forgotten to count five points somewhere . I scored it again , and ended up with 253 again . I began to wonder what I would later confirm : that the highest-scoring basketball game of all time has been printed in all the record books with the wrong score .
This episode of Pretty Good is the story of that game as well as a presentation of my case . ( If you 're inclined to count it up yourself , you can watch the entire game here . )
Special thanks to Kristian Anttila and Peytona , who allowed me to use their music in this episode .
Since publishing this video on YouTube , I 've come under fire for my method of cooking scrambled eggs as demonstrated near the 3:30 mark . “ Gross ” and “ undercooked ” are words I am hearing . I will not abandon this mountain . Traditional scrambled eggs are great , but I 'm telling you : ten minutes of low heat , constant stirring , and patience will end with the most delicious scrambled eggs you have ever eaten .
Here are some charts .
SOUTHAMPTON , N.Y. ( AP ) — Knicks point guard Jason Kidd intends to fight a charge that he was drunk when he crashed his sport utility vehicle into a telephone pole in the Hamptons over the summer , his lawyer said Wednesday .
Kidd did not speak during a brief procedural appearance in court .
“ He is taking this very , very seriously , ” his lawyer , Edward Burke Jr. , said . “ He wants to get this past him as quickly as possible . The legal process takes some time , but he is ready for his season . ”
Kidd was arrested in July , days after signing with the Knicks . He sustained minor injuries when the vehicle hit the pole and veered into the woods in the town of Water Mill .
The misdemeanor charge carries the potential for up to a year in jail .
His next court appearance is Nov. 7 .
>
> > Pokémon is owned by Nintendo and Game Freak Twitch Plays Pokémon was made and is owned by the Twitch Plays Pokémon Streamer
Twitch Plays Pokémon Lore is made by the TPP Twitch Chat and Reddit communality and is open soused
>
TPP Stupid is made and owned by : Pfaccioxx ( AKA me )
It 's Martyr Flareon as she egsists in my TPPStupid series ... or at least 1 of the incarnations of her in the series ( think of this as a sneak peak of stuff to come in the series ) Why am I posting this pic. ? Well it 's in celebration of the 1000 day anniversary of Twitch Plays Pokémon and dus I 've decided to undertakeby making a new pic . of my favourite mon from each run , but since I do n't have the time to make 30+ pic 's in such a short time window , especially if I want each pic . to be good , I 'm going to take my time and draw each 1 at my own pace and upload each pic . on it 's own as there ready ( I 'll post the filled out meme when all the pic 's are done ) > Link to the Reddit comments for this Pic . : www.reddit.com/r/twitchplayspo… > This Pic . was made by me , Pfaccioxx using & Paint.Net
J. Alex Halderman , Seth D. Schoen , Nadia Heninger , William Clarkson , * protected email * , Joseph A. Calandrino , Ariel J. Feldman , Jacob Appelbaum , and Edward W. Felten .
Abstract Contrary to popular assumption , DRAMs used in most modern computers retain their contents for seconds to minutes after power is lost , even at operating temperatures and even if removed from a motherboard . Although DRAMs become less reliable when they are not refreshed , they are not immediately erased , and their contents persist sufficiently for malicious ( or forensic ) acquisition of usable full-system memory images . We show that this phenomenon limits the ability of an operating system to protect cryptographic key material from an attacker with physical access . We use cold reboots to mount attacks on popular disk encryption systems — BitLocker , FileVault , dm-crypt , and TrueCrypt — using no special devices or materials . We experimentally characterize the extent and predictability of memory remanence and report that remanence times can be increased dramatically with simple techniques . We offer new algorithms for finding cryptographic keys in memory images and for correcting errors caused by bit decay . Though we discuss several strategies for partially mitigating these risks , we know of no simple remedy that would eliminate them .
Full research paper [ PDF ]
Appeared in Proc . 17th USENIX Security Symposium ( Sec '08 ) , San Jose , CA , July 2008 .
( Best Student Paper award winner ! )
Introductory blog post
Frequently asked questions
Experiment guide
Source code
`` I never plan an episode more than 70 percent ... I really like being able to call audibles on the fly , '' Chris Gethard says of his often-spontaneous late-night truTV series .
Jimmy . Seth . Other Jimmy . Colbert . Corden . Yes , late-night TV is full of white dudes in suits and , no shade , they 're all great at what we expect of them . But none of them are doing what Chris Gethard is doing over on truTV .
An almost-untouched adaptation of the comic 's long-running , cult-favorite public access oddity , The Chris Gethard Show is what we can only imagine would pop out if Pee Wee 's Playhouse mated with David Letterman while high on discount absinthe at an experimental theater camp for hipsters .
It 's unscripted ( for the most part ) , unbridled and undeniably hilarious , with segments driven by viewer call-ins , the supporting cast 's fancies ( all hail the Human Fish ! ) and of course , the host 's endearingly oddball sensibilities . Throw in a live studio audience and what Gethard calls `` a level of lawlessness , '' and you get something we did n't know we needed until it showed up .
Here , Gethard—who welcomes guest John Oliver in Thursday 's episode—talks about bringing this unconventional comedy to TV , how he retained its glorious weirdness and why he never tries to over-plan an episode .
So , let 's talk about this ride of yours . 17 years in comedy ?
Chris Gethard : Yeah , 17 years of New York comedy . Eight years of doing this show . We set it up in 2009 .
Wow , 17 years ago , I think Upright Citizens Brigade was still doing the secret shows on Sunday nights .
That 's where I started ! Yeah , I started at UCB in June of 2000 . So I was there when it was a legit underground thing . The theater was an old strip club that they managed to take over . I remember when Andy Daly [ of Review ] got MadTV . They shut down the theater and threw a party because someone had a job . If UCB shut down every time someone got a job now ... it would be closed five nights a week . So I was really a part of this thing when it was , I think , a beautiful thing .
Nowadays , comedy can be sort co-opted by corporate sponsors and network interference . Are you worried about being able to keep the freedom you had when the show was on public access ? Or even Fusion ?
Well , it 's definitely the great question , right ? It 's definitely the fans ' biggest concern . I 'll say this : I think truTV has actually been more accommodating of it than our prior network because it has a comedy focus now . Fusion wanted us to tie it a little bit more into their corporate mission , which was more social-justice driven stuff . They do a lot of documentaries about issues in the world right now . That was creatively a bit of a limitation that we no longer have . truTV is like , `` Go . Make it funny . ''
How was the public-access experience ?
The whole story of us being on public access for almost half a decade , it 's a very charming story . You can also imagine that in real life , there were a lot of frustrations there . As a working comedian , I put a lot of things on hold and bet on this show happening . A lot of people do n't even realize public access still exists ...
I did n't until I looked up clips of your show on YouTube .
Yeah , it 's still going , so that was very frustrating at times . But one of the great benefits of that is , there 's around 200 hours of content that exists online of what this show is . That buys us a lot of creative freedom . Buys us a lot of breathing room , because you ca n't buy this show and claim you did n't know what you were getting into . [ Laughs ] Nobody can say , `` Okay , now that we bought it , what do we want it to be ? '' It 's been around for eight years !
The reason you buy this show is because you see it , and you see something about that clicks for us . I 'll be honest , there were other networks that asked me to change it . One network said , `` We really like you , but we want you to fire the rest of the cast and recast it . ''
Savage .
Right . So I said , `` Well , then you clearly do n't understand the benefit of what they do here . Because these are my best friends in the world . There 's a reason we stuck together . '' Another network loved the show and asked if I would be willing to make it all about upcoming movie-trailers . So those were people who put money on the table that I walked away from . Dangled that possibility . If I was going to sell it out creatively , that would have happened four to five years ago . truTV bought it knowing that they wanted what it is .
Because the show is so random and dependent on viewer calls and all of that , what is your typical day like ? Do you have a writers ' room ?
We do . The writers ' room is very fun , because you can imagine how trippy it gets . It 's like , we just come up with the craziest ideas we can . There are a lot of ideas that I 'll see the writers pitch , and I 'll say this is super-hilarious but it 's actually physically impossible . It does n't obey the laws of space and time . People get so outside of the box and creatively thinking about things just from every angle and in a non-traditional way .
But at the end of the day , I always say I never plan an episode more than 70 percent . If we know what 's gon na happen for more than 70 percent of this episode , it 's gon na feel too tight , stifled . I love when I do n't know exactly how a bit is gon na happen until a viewer calls in and tells me what to do . Or like , `` Hey we 're trying this thing tonight , and there 's option A , B and C. The first caller gets to tell us which road we are gon na go down ! ''
That has got to be super-exciting .
It is . I really like being able to call audibles on the fly , and let it go where it wants . I do n't love anything that 's sort of results-driven . I do n't want to make a promise , `` Hey , we 're gon na do this thing and it 's definitely gon na happen . '' I like saying , `` Hey , we are gon na go for this . And we might get distracted 10 minutes in . '' [ Laughs ]
Your guests always seem ready to play . Have you encountered anyone who came on the show and they were solely focused on the PR thing ?
There 's definitely guests that want to plug projects more than others do . I think more often than not . I 've learned through doing my show that the world of having to promote is kind of a lot of pressure . A lot of pre-interviews . A lot of , `` Hey , we 're going from this place , to this place , to this place , to this place . '' A lot of , `` Here 's the anecdote I want you to say . Memorize this in the green room . ''
Right . Right .
Our show is like , OK , we 'll mention it as much as you want . And then we 'll move on if you want . So that 's generally how people who joined us have been . One or two guests did n't quite know what they were getting into and got a little overwhelmed . I feel like it 's my job at that point to protect them .
Your studio is insane . It 's got ta be pretty big since you have so much going on in it .
Yeah . It 's in Manhattan on 37th Street . But it 's small ... a lot of times people come in and say it 's smaller than they thought . I think we just tend to pack a lot of activity into it . I love that it 's in Manhattan .
I love that this year , one of the things I 'm most excited about is that we have the budget now , we can go onto the street . We found this technology . It was actually a camera . And mostly it 's just news organizations that use this . It 's a backpack with a bunch of modems in it basically that connect to different cell phone providers ' towers . And we can broadcast live from the streets of New York and just cut to it like it 's another live camera in our studio .
A far cry from public access , right ?
That 's like a level of lawlessness that just does n't exist on TV right now , if you ask me . And the fact that we have Manhattan as this playground where we can look for trouble , it 's like a sandbox . Manhattan can be this very sterilized , controlled place right now , but if you look hard enough , there 's still maniacs and weirdos and creative people just on the streets 24 hours a day ... there 's a lot of trouble we can cause . [ Laughs ]
The Chris Gethard Show , Thursdays , 11/10c , truTV
A man got a call from his son on Monday , authorities in Texas say . The son asked his father to pick him and his siblings up . The boy was at his mother 's house with his two younger sisters .
The son told his father that “ they had a surprise for him and that he might not like it , ” an arrest affidavit alleges .
When the man arrived at the home of his ex-wife , he found his children , all younger than 13 , with “ fresh tattoos on their ankles . ”
The children 's mother has been arrested , accused of allowing her boyfriend 's brother , a registered sex offender , to tattoo the siblings .
Ashley Weir , 31 , faces three misdemeanor counts of tattoos prohibited for certain persons , according to the San Antonio Express-News . She was still in custody on Thursday , online records indicated .
One of the children , who had been dropped at their mother 's house after school , allegedly had a tattoo of a cross , another had an infinity symbol and a cross , and the third had a heart and arrow . The trio told investigators that they were tattooed by the brother of their mother 's boyfriend .
One of the siblings told investigators that the man , a registered sex offender , “ wanted to give the children tattoos , ” the affidavit states .
It continues : “ The children stated Ashley told them to get the tattoos , but not to cry or whine about it when it hurts . ”
The father of the children told investigators that when he picked up the siblings from Weir 's home she was “ passed out drunk , ” and the kids were n't being supervised . When authorities arrived at Weir 's residence , they found that the front door was already cracked open , according to the affidavit . Weir was lying in bed and “ initially did not respond to our announcements , ” the documents state .
After “ several ” announcements , Weir let investigators in the home , authorities alleged .
“ Ashley was intoxicated , ” the affidavit states . “ She had an odor of alcohol emitting from on or about her person . She wobbled , swayed and was unsure on her feet while walking . ”
Weir told authorities that she gave her consent for the children 's tattoos , the designs of which she knew . She would n't tell investigators who actually committed the act , but she did say that the only adults who were around at the time were her , her boyfriend and her boyfriend 's brother , whom the children had implicated .
The incident occurred in Travis County , which is in central Texas .
Read More :
Pittsburgh TV station ‘ ends relationship ' with anchor after racially-tinged Facebook post
All-American swimmer found guilty of sexually assaulting unconscious woman on Stanford campus
A brief , totally sincere history of April Fools ' Day
Microprocessors are wondrous devices : They integrate the brain of a computer onto a single electronic component . The computing power that once required a room full of equipment now fits onto a razor-thin slice of silicon , usually no larger than a centimeter square . Almost everything we do these days -- such as cooking our food , driving our cars , doing our laundry , and , of course , reading articles just like this one -- depends on these mighty mites .
In the wide field of microprocessors , some chips have stood out for the influence they 've had technologically , culturally , and economically . They are n't necessarily the most successful , the best selling , or the most powerful , but they each started an important and persistent trend -- an architecture , a marketing concept , or a whole new use for computing .
11 . Intel Pentium ( 1993 )
Breakthrough application : Brand-name processors
After a court rejected trademarking `` 386 '' in a 1991 ruling , Intel realized that it would need to move beyond mere numbers in naming its widely anticipated new processor , which had been known as the 586 . So the processor giant devised a unique , easy-to-trademark identity : Pentium .
Initially critics ridiculed the name , but in fact the Pentium opened a new era in consumer-microprocessor marketing . No longer were CPUs referred to solely by numbers such as 286 , 386 , and 486 ; instead they carried a brand name that resonated in the public consciousness .
That brand gave Intel processors a certain cachet that computer owners could easily brag about . Rival manufacturers could no longer produce clones and call them `` 486 '' or the like -- a chip was either a real Pentium or a knock-off . The trademarked CPU became a status symbol , and it remains so today .
10 . Motorola 68000 ( 1980 )
Breakthrough application : Apple Macintosh ( 1984 )
When Motorola released the 68000 in 1980 , it was one of the most powerful chips on the market . Initially the 68000 powered Unix workstations and servers , including the Sun-1 .
But the hybrid 16/32-bit processor did n't make huge waves in the personal-computer world until Apple incorporated it in 1984 's Macintosh . Descendants of the 68000 powered all Macintosh computers until Apple switched to PowerPC chips in the late 1990s .
After Motorola dropped the 68000 's price the mid-1980s , the processor also saw significant use in the Atari ST and Amiga computer lines , the Sega Genesis video game console , and arcade machines . The 68K core still lives on in embedded microcontrollers used in various applications such as automotive-engine controllers , front-panel displays , and weather-monitoring instruments .
9 . AIM PowerPC 601 ( 1992 )
Breakthrough application : Apple Power Macintosh 6100 ( 1994 )
PowerPC sprang out of an unnatural and unholy alliance among three fierce competitors : Apple , IBM , and Motorola . The tech giants threw their weight behind this new microprocessor architecture in hopes of breaking the stranglehold that Intel and Microsoft had over the personal-computer market .
Although it did n't vanquish Intel , PowerPC found a niche as the heart of the Apple Macintosh ( a runner-up in our list of The 25 Greatest PCs of All Time ) , which used versions of the CPU from 1994 to 2006 . The processor also found acceptance outside of PCs , powering several generations of game consoles , including the Nintendo Wii and the Microsoft Xbox 360 . It 's also a component of the Sony PlayStation 3 's Cell processor .
According to the BBC , a handful of small towns in the UK are installing pink lighting around shops , and other areas where teens hang out and cause trouble , because it makes acne and skin blemishes more visible .
Since teens are already incredibly self-conscious of the way they look , the last place they 'll want to hang out is somewhere that 's going to emphasize what makes them worried about their appearance .
Advertisement
The approach is not unlike the technique where speakers are used to play a high-pitched whine that only younger persons can hear , also deterring them from hanging around . But , neither approach is an actual solution to the problem . Unless these towns install pink bulbs everywhere , kids will always find a place to loiter . And it does nothing to deter the more attractive teens who are n't dealing with the unfortunate side effects of puberty . [ BBC via Neatorama ]
Photo : Shutterstock/Dolly
By Todd Starnes/Twitter
The folks at National Public Radio are touting a study that says making babies may be to blame for global warming .
“ A recent study from Lund University in Sweden shows that the biggest way to reduce climate change is to have fewer children , ” NPR declared .
Click here for a free subscription to Todd 's newsletter : a must-read for Conservatives
It 's bad enough that the global warming crowd wants us to use recycled toilet paper and battery-powered cars , but now they want to tell Americans what they can and can not do in the bedroom .
“ I know this is a sensitive topic to bring up , ” study co-author Kimberly Nicholas told NPR 's Morning Edition . “ Certainly it 's not my place as a scientist to dictate choices for other people . But I do think it is my place to do the analysis and report it fairly . ”
The study reportedly found that having one fewer child reduced carbon emissions .
Buy one copy of Todd 's book , get a second free ! Click here !
“ I think the decision to become a parent is a really personal decision , ” she told NPR . “ I think the way people relate to it in terms of climate change depends on their view about climate change . ”
In addition , the study urged people to consider living car-free , avoiding airplane travel and eating a plant-based diet .
Meanwhile , Bill Nye , the alleged Science Guy , told the Los Angeles Times that older people need to “ age out ” before climate science can advance .
And by “ age out ” – he means kick the bucket .
“ Climate change deniers , by way of example , are older . It 's generational , ” he said . “ We 're just going to have to wait for those people to ‘ age out , ' as they say . ”
In other words , the global warming crowd would be willing to sacrifice your grandmother to save a polar bear . Sorry , Nanna .
So let 's review – the liberals believe the only way to save planet earth is to stir-fry lawn clippings , kill off granny and drive one of those effeminate cars that you have to plug into a wall outlet .
I feel a raging microaggression coming on .
So for the sake of our great nation , I call upon my fellow countrymen to gas up their F-150 's , barbecue some burgers , grab the Mrs. and put on some Barry White baby-making music .
Be fruitful and multiply , America .
And if the NPR chatterboxes give you any grief , just tell them to take their global warming nonsense and kindly blow it out their tailpipe .
MORE FROM TODD
Chick-fil-A Sends Special Care Package to Soldiers
LGBT Activists Mock Christian Ministry 's Decision to Reclaim Rainbow
BEST DEALS
Lauri Flaquer gets almost starstruck by people in Minnesota 's Twin Cities .
“ They 're tall with long , graceful limbs , which work well for climbing over mountains of snow , ” gushes the owner of consulting firm Saltar Solutions , based in New York City . People in Minneapolis , Flaquer continues , “ are blond , with big blue eyes that sparkle with delight—even over cheese curds . ”
No one is perfect . But according to Travel + Leisure readers , those Minnesotans come pretty close , ranking in the top 10 of the America 's Favorite Places survey for being attractive , as well as athletic and likable . Each year , readers rank major metropolitan areas in dozens of categories , including craft beers , luxury shops , lovely parks , and good-looking locals .
In the attractive category , this year 's survey results saw some shake-ups . Some of the hipster winners from last year have faded in the eyes of the T+L community , which favored cities with a tendency toward sunshine , smiling residents , and serious style .
One disqualifier , meanwhile , may be a weakness for team jerseys : the list of the 10 least attractive cities has an eerie overlap with the survey 's top 10 of enthusiastic sports fans .
Indeed , “ characterizing the ‘ look ' of Pittsburgh locals is easy : black and gold , ” says NYC public relations exec Mary Apesos , who has family in Steel City , which did not make the top 10 for stunners . “ Steelers attire can be seen in every season , ” she says , “ while daytime mall-shopping or as eveningwear at a fancy dinner . There are no fashionistas—just fanatics . ”
Read on for the full results . And as beauty is in the eye of the beholder , if you disagree , make your point of view heard by voting in the America 's Favorite Places survey .
What Everybody Ought to Know About Their Online Reputation
One time or another you 've Googled yourself in childlike curiosity to see what the wonderful world wide web would render . But more often than not , this turns out to be a rude awakening , when you realize there are certain sites that may not particularly portray you in the best light ( i.e . circa MySpace ) . These days , jobseekers have to tread carefully with every keystroke- your digital footprints are now left for all to see .
According to this infographic put out by marketing firm KBSD , more and more recruiters are utilizing the internet to conduct background searches on candidates . Unflattering photos , offensive comments or tweets will follow you , whether you like it or not . As a proud member of Generation Y , we sit in a precarious place – we were young students when resumes and applications were still being sent out via snail mail . But as we grew , so too did the internet . First we were granted that haven of anonymity that came with the early days of AOL and the crunching and beeping of dial-up modems . Friends with webpages on Angelfire domains were wizards with their spellbinding prowess of ( basic ) html . Your handle was a way of creating a persona that only the digital world could know . Online you could be “ TooCute4u ” but the moment you signed off , you were yourself again , to be taken seriously by prospective employers at all times .
While the internet mushroomed and became more readily available to all households , this sacred anonymity was threatened ; and with the advent of social networking and more importantly Facebook , anonymity is now a thing of the past . More than ever , with the plethora of information and so many means of accessing it , who we are in the real world , more than likely reflects back on who we are on the internet . With that said , it most crucial to be extremely cognizant of “ where ” we are in this space . This does n't just hold true for individuals , companies are now particularly conscious of their “ e-reputations . ”
Klout , the most popular of a recent surge of online reputation-ranking services , just recently raised Series C funding to continue its efforts in creating a basis by which users can easily see how a company stacks up when it comes to measuring influence in social media . At this point , it is n't clear what algorithms Klout bases its rankings on , but it certainly peeves off those who feel their scores are n't an accurate reflection of their digital influence . The instantaneous and dynamic nature of the internet implies a “ web of trust ” where you can quickly see how one company measures against another – you buy and you spend according to who does it better .
If companies are concerned about their own social media reputations , we think it timely and imperative that jobseekers do the same . And with these few steps , you can be on your way to keeping a good online reputation :
1 ) Know “ where ” you are . First and foremost , Google yourself ( both on Web and Images ) and see where you are exactly on the Internet . The first step is to eliminate any profiles to websites that could seem questionable in the eyes of an employer . It will be difficult to completely delete any of these because of Google 's cache system , but the least you can do is to deactivate your account or delete your profile/pictures . I will be candid here and tell you that for a brief moment , I thought I could be a model . As in , America 's Next Top Model . This was years ago and when I began my formal job search , I quickly forgot about it . That is , until my media editor approached me one day because a simple search of one of our textbooks somehow rendered my name and my profile on a modeling website . I was embarrassed to say the least and quickly deactivated my account .
2 ) Monitor your activity . That digital world is so easy to access that it is difficult to unlearn that the internet is not “ ours. ” What you post , tweet or comment is there for all to see . And consequently , we can not control what is said about us either . In any case , be respectful of Reddit , Twitter and all other online communities you reside in . Take the time to research on best practice for the communities you regularly engage in . If your name happens to be ' John Smith ' or something quite common , it would be difficult to associated with anything negative . But if you have a name like mine , enforce who you are by posting regularly . The way you respond and the frequency of your activity will build credibility with others .
3 ) Privacy Settings on Facebook . As recruiters begin to use Facebook to do research on candidates , it is critical to see what is viewable by “ public ” mode . If your wall is public and you frequently post about how much you hate your boss , you may want to deactivate that feature . Better yet , do n't mention it all . Also , be sure to take down or set a separate list for those pictures you took in Vegas or Cabo . As we are ushered in to world of Facebook Timeline , our lives will become that much more transparent in linear fashion . While Timeline is not mandatory yet , take some time to browse your Facebook history before your profile gets changed over . Perhaps 2007 was n't the most flattering year for funemployment ? A few minutes cleaning up your Facebook history will go miles in maintaining your social media reputation .
What measures have you taken in protecting your e-reputation ? Like or follow us to join the conversation .
Advertisements
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 16th , 2011
Via : New York Times :
Aided by at least $ 43 million in assistance from the government of Massachusetts and an innovative solar energy technology , Evergreen Solar emerged in the last three years as the third-largest maker of solar panels in the United States .
But now the company is closing its main American factory , laying off the 800 workers by the end of March and shifting production to a joint venture with a Chinese company in central China . Evergreen cited the much higher government support available in China .
…
Although solar energy still accounts for only a tiny fraction of American power production , declining prices and concerns about global warming give solar power a prominent place in United States plans for a clean energy future — even if critics say the federal government is still not doing enough to foster its adoption .
Beyond the issues of trade and jobs , solar power experts see broader implications . They say that after many years of relying on unstable governments in the Middle East for oil , the United States now looks likely to rely on China to tap energy from the sun .
Economy , Elite , Energy | Posted in Dictatorship Top Of Page
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
When it comes to climate change , flatulence is serious business . Methane , the gas released by , well , gas , accounts for 10 percent of all U.S. greenhouse gas emissions , and much of that comes from cattle involved in the meat industry . The UN reports the global livestock sector produces more greenhouse gases than transportation , and is a signaficant contributor to human-induced climate change .
But a group of scientists had noticed something peculiar—kangaroos ' farts seemed to release much less methane than those of many of their mammal brethren . The researchers wondered : If they could figure out the biological mechanism behind the kangaroos ' “ green ” emissions , could they somehow compel more typical livestock animals , like sheep and cows , to create environmentally friendly farts ?
“ The idea that kangaroos have unique gut microbes has been floating around for some time and a great deal of research has gone into discovering these apparently unique microbes , ” said University of Wollongong researcher Adam Munn .
A new study published by Munn and his colleagues in the peer-reviewed Journal of Experimental Biology discusses their investigation . The researchers examined the methane production of six western grey kangaroos and four red kangaroos by feeding the animals in a comfortable—but sealed—enclosure . In the end , they found that there are no special kangaroo microbes that produce limited methane , as previously hypothesized .
“ Kangaroos are not mysteriously low methane-producing creatures , but herbivores with an active methane-producing microbe community , ” researcher Marcus Clauss , another study author , said .
Instead , kangaroos ' metabolisms may be responsible for their less gaseous outputs , which the scientists discover are similar to those of horses . It is possible that specially breeding livestock to metabolize their own food faster could cut down on methane production—but more investigation is needed .
As The Guardian reports , the study into animal “ winds ” should help scientists focus on methane emission problems they can actually solve . Clauss suggests there could be livestock grazing techniques—perhaps grazing mixed species together—that could cut down on the emissions .
In the meantime , it is probably best to stop messing with kangaroos . And their farts .
By Brandon Turbeville
At midnight , May 5 , a series of four “ de-escalation zones ” were implemented across Syria . According to the agreement , no warplanes will be allowed to fly missions in territories included in the designated safe zones , including Syrian , Russian , and American warplanes .
The largest safe zone is comprised of Idlib province as well as adjoining districts of Latakia , Aleppo , and Hama , an area that contains around 1 million people . Other “ safe zones ” are located in the northern part of Homs , East Ghouta , Daraa , and Quneitra . The “ safe zones ” are slated to exist for six months , with the options of extending them after that time .
Journalist and analyst with The Rabbit Hole , Sarah Abed , wrote ,
The memorandum , which comes into effect on May 5 , envisages the cessation of hostilities between the sides , conditions for returning refugees , the restoration of destroyed urban infrastructure and the access of humanitarian organizations . Moreover , the checkpoints to control the movement of civilians and the ceasefire regime will be created along the de-escalation zone borders .
Understandably , many observers are wondering just what is taking place in Syria since the United States has long argued for “ safe zones ” and “ no-fly zones ” in Syria since very early on in the conflict . Now , “ safe zones ” are being established in Syria at the behest of Russia , with the cooperation of Iran and Syria . So what exactly is happening ?
Russian Zones Different From American Zones
On one hand , Russia 's “ de-escalation zones ” are essentially the same thing as “ safe zones ” and “ no-fly zones. ” For instance , they are geographic areas in which no aerial assaults will be allowed and no military flights are to take place . However , there is a notable difference between the zones envisioned by the U.S. and the zones being implemented by Russia .
First , the Syrian government has agreed to the Russian plan . Second , the U.S. plan for “ safe zones ” and “ no-fly zones ” was aimed at the destruction of the Syrian military and the ultimate invasion of Syria by Western NATO forces . It is also notable that the United States was not a party to the negotiation of the zones nor is it allowed to conduct military bombing missions within the zones . In a sense , it is a “ no-fly zone ” against the United States as well as against other powers .
That being said , the United States does not tend to fly over many of the areas encompassed by the new “ de-escalation zone ” plan , although it has done so in some isolated instances in the past . These airspaces are protected by Syrian SAM systems as well as Russian forces . The U.S. does fly over Idlib , however , and the Israelis tend to fly anywhere they wish , always confident that they can fight to the last American if Syria responds .
These “ de-escalation zones ” also have an expiration date of six months .
Zones Are A Plan To Free Up Syrian Military
One other notable difference in the plans set forward by the Russians versus the American version is the apparent purpose of the zones . It appears that the real reason for the establishment of the “ de-escalation zones ” is an attempt to allow the SAA to free up forces that can then be deployed to eastern and southern Syria so that they can eliminate terrorist activity in these areas , prevent Israeli and Jordanian troops from partitioning the southern and southwestern parts of Syria , and prevent ISIS and the U.S. from establishing their own partition in the eastern part . It is also an attempt to speed up the Syrian military 's progress in the race for Raqqa .
More importantly , the zones appear to be an attempt to free up Syrian military personnel to fight and retake Deir ez-Zour . If the Syrian military can once again reconnect Deir ez-Zour to the Tabqa airbase , which would allow for a more effective staging ground for military operations in the East and around the city . It would essentially alleviate the pressure consistently put on Deir ez-Zour for three years by the United States and its proxy army of terrorists . It would then allow for a stronger staging ground for the SAA to push west .
The Russian Defense Ministry has already announced that Russia will participate in the military operation to lift the siege of Deir ez-Zour . As al-Masdar News reports ,
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets The Russian military will participate in the Syrian Arab Army 's ( SAA ) upcoming offensive to lift the two year long siege on the Deir Ezzor Governorate , the Russian Ministry of Defense announced today . The Russian Air Force will likely provide the primary air cover to the Syrian Arab Army in east Homs , while their military advisers embed with the latter . This announcement from the Russian Ministry of Defense comes just hours after the Syrian Arab Army 's Tiger Forces arrived in the Palmyra countryside to begin this upcoming operation . The military operation 's first target will be the desert town of ‘ Arak , which is located along the Sukhnah-Palmyra Road in eastern Homs .
The Syrian military push east is an urgent necessity in order to foil the U.S./NATO/ Israeli plan to break up Syria and partition it as a result of foreign or terrorist forces firmly planted in specific regions backed by Western , Arabian , and Israeli funds and arms .
But without a doubt , clubs are still examining possible upgrades on the trade market . In fact , the following hypothetical scenarios could become reality before the end of March .
With Spring Training games now underway , roster battles across the league are gearing up in advance of Opening Day .
With Spring Training games now underway , roster battles across the league are gearing up in advance of Opening Day .
But without a doubt , clubs are still examining possible upgrades on the trade market . In fact , the following hypothetical scenarios could become reality before the end of March .
Catcher Jonathan Lucroy to the Rangers
Prior to his challenging 2015 campaign -- which was negatively affected by a concussion and a toe injury -- Lucroy was one of baseball 's best backstops , averaging an impressive .831 OPS from 2012-14 .
But just one year removed from his All-Star season -- which he completed with an National League-best 53 doubles and a fourth-place finish in the NL MVP Award voting -- the 29-year-old is a strong bounce-back candidate heading into '16 .
A Lucroy move may be tougher to complete given his injury woes , but several teams -- such as the D-backs , Angels and Rangers -- stand out as potential suitors for new Milwaukee general manager David Stearns . Among those clubs , Texas would appear to be the best fit -- even after enjoying good production from the catcher position in 2015 .
Video : McCalvy joins Hot Stove to discuss Braun , Lucroy
What would it take : The Rangers -- fresh off the low-risk , high-upside signing of Ian Desmond -- possess plenty of organizational depth and could still use one more right-handed bat .
Lucroy , who turns 30 in June , comes with an extremely team-friendly contract , as he 's owed $ 4 million this year with a $ 5.25 million team option for 2017 , so he will cost some talent . A package including outfield prospect Lewis Brinson ( No . 16 in all baseball ) or right-hander Luke Jackson , plus one other mid-level prospect , should be plenty to entice the Brewers .
Cubs trade Jorge Soler to the Braves for right-hander Julio Teheran
This would be a good old-fashion baseball trade . Two clubs dealing from areas of strength .
On one side of the prospective swap , the Cubs would get Teheran , a mid-rotation starter coming off a down year and on a team-friendly pact through the 2020 season . The 25-year-old has started on Opening Day and thrown 200-plus innings during each of the past two seasons , but he saw his ERA rise a full run from 2014 to '15 thanks to a rough first half in which he posted a 4.56 ERA and allowed opponents to slug .440 -- among the highest figures in the Senior Circuit .
Teheran ultimately settled down in the second half , recording a more-typical 3.42 ERA that factored in a pristine 1.62 ERA mark across his final 39 frames . Look for him to return to form in 2016 , especially if he can improve against left-handed hitters -- who hit him for a .300 average in '15 but just .239 in '14 .
Video : Outlook : Teheran can rebound if his control returns
On their end , the Braves would acquire the 24-year-old Soler , a talented outfielder who has yet to realize his lofty expectations at the big league level . Awarded a nine-year , $ 30 million deal when he signed with the Cubs in 2012 , Soler struggled through a '15 campaign in which he struck out 30 percent of the time across 400 plate appearances and appeared hesitant defensively . And given Chicago 's current roster construction following the signings of Jason Heyward and Dexter Fowler , Soler does n't have a regular path to playing time in Chicago this year .
The Braves , of course , are not in win-now mode like the Cubs , making them a better spot for the uncertain but high-upside Soler . If such a move were to pan out , Atlanta would have a core piece to take to its new ballpark in 2017 . Meanwhile , the Cubs would be unloading Soler while he still holds trade value . Another woe-riddled year would make him nearly impossible to deal for an attractive return .
Outfielder Jay Bruce to the White Sox
A struggling Bruce has lost some value across the past few seasons , although he did manage to finish 2015 with the seventh-most homers ( 26 ) and RBIs ( 87 ) among right fielders despite a .226 average and a .294 on-base percentage . But given their full-on quest to rebuild , the Reds may be best-suited to deal Bruce -- who turns 29 in April -- sooner rather than later .
A change of scenery could brighten the future for the 2005 first-round Draft pick , now another year removed from 2014 knee surgery and coming off a campaign that saw his strikeout rate improve considerably .
Yes , the White Sox just signed Austin Jackson and would seemingly be set in the outfield , but teams are putting more of a premium on depth these days , and with Adam Eaton coming back slowly from offseason surgery on his left shoulder , Chicago should still be looking to updgrade , and a deal sending Bruce to the South Side is not hard to visualize .
Such a move would boost the White Sox in two ways , improving their right-field production and deepening their depth at the corner-outfield and designated-hitter spots . And with Bruce owed $ 12.5 million for 2016 with a $ 13 million club option for '17 , he 's very reasonably priced in the current market .
Video : Outlook : Bruce may be poised for strong season
What would it take : Top prospects such as right-hander Carson Fulmer and shortstop Tim Anderson ( Nos . 1 and 2 on Chicago 's Pipeline rankings ) would be off limits if the White Sox were to take on all of Bruce 's contract , but a mid-level chip such as lefty Tyler Danish ( No . 11 ) or righty Chris Beck ( No . 14 ) could make sense .
The Galaxy just ca n't seem to shake the injury bug so far this season .
Galaxy Insider Adam Serrano has just reported that starting goalkeeper Brian Rowe will miss six to eight weeks after suffering a groin pull in training this week .
Rowe has made seven starts this season for the Galaxy in MLS play , recording 17 saves while earning a 3-2-2 record in net . All time , the goalkeeper has made 51 starts in his MLS career with LA .
The LA Galaxy will face Eastern Conference side D.C. United this Saturday , June 3 , at 4 p.m. PT on the road at RFK Stadium live on Spectrum SportsNet and Spectrum Deportes . The Galaxy will then have a bye week before returning to StubHub Center for a game on Saturday , June 17 vs. the Houston Dynamo at 8 p.m. PT .
This is a major loss for LA . Rowe was at the top of his game , and his steady presence in goal brought stability to the Galaxy backline . An underrated highlight of LA 's victory over San Jose was Rowe 's incredible reflex save to deny Marco Urena late .
With backup keeper Clement Diop off on international duty with Senegal , Jon Kempin will make his # LAGalaxy debut in goal this weekend — Kevin Baxter ( @ kbaxter11 ) June 1 , 2017
Rowe will be missed .
Carlos Beltran has wanted to put on the pinstripes for a long time .
He 's finally gotten his wish .
Fans got their first look at the second addition to New York 's revamped outfield when the Yankees introduced Beltran at a press conference Friday . Jacoby Ellsbury was introduced last week .
Carlos Beltran
“ Having the opportunity to come back again ( to New York ) really means a lot to me , ” Beltran said on Friday . “ I grew up being a Yankees fan . I grew up being a Bernie Williams fan . … As a player — and first of all , as a fan — I used to look up to this organization . They always did what it takes to put good teams out there and win championships . ”
The eight-time All-Star agreed to terms with the Yankees on Dec. 6 . His three-year , $ 45 million contract was announced by the team Thursday .
“ This is someone that has always wanted to be a Yankee , ” general manager Brian Cashman said .
The three-time Gold Glove Award winner admitted as much to WFAN co-hosts Joe Benigno and Evan Roberts following his introductory press conference , saying that his first choice was to sign with the Yankees — not the Mets — in 2005 .
“ Honestly , they were ( my first choice ) , ” the veteran told the radio duo in regard to the Yankees . “ They were there , but at the same time they could n't do anything about it . The Yankees were going through a salary cap ( issue ) and they could n't commit to me for the years I was looking for . And the Mets came in , and they committed to me , and I felt like I made the right decision . ”
The 36-year-old played for the Mets from 2005-11 , when he was dealt to San Francisco . He signed a $ 26 million , two-year contract with St. Louis before the 2012 season and reached the World Series for the first time this year .
Beltran said # Mets organization tried to portray him as a “ bad apple ” and “ it hurt ” him and his family . — Jorge Castillo ( @ jorgeccastillo ) December 20 , 2013
“ It 's gon na be fun , no doubt about it , ” Beltran said during his press conference about returning to Citi Field for the Subway Series . “ I have good memories in Queens and all I have to say about the Mets is just a lot of good things . I was fortunate to play in a good organization , being able to be around good people . And you know , it 's gon na be different , no doubt about it . At the end of the day , we 're gon na go out , we 're gon na play , we 're gon na try to win .
“ That 's our job as ballplayers . The reaction is gon na be different . Some are gon na cheer , some are gon na boo , but at the end of the day I 'm there to play baseball . ”
Slowed by knee injuries , Beltran has retained a potent bat — especially in October . He hit .296 with 24 homers and 84 RBIs for the Cardinals this year and added two homers and 15 RBIs in the postseason . Beltran injured his ribs in the World Series opener when he banged into Fenway Park 's right-fight fence while robbing Boston 's David Ortiz of a grand slam .
“ To be able to add another switch-hitter to the middle of our order gives me so much flexibility , ” manager Joe Girardi said .
He 's a .283 lifetime hitter with 358 homers and 1,327 RBIs .
“ At one point I almost got the opportunity to sign with the Yankees and it did n't work out , ” Beltran said . “ But at the end of the day , what is in the past is in the past . I 'm just looking forward to joining this ballclub , looking forward to the challenges ahead . ”
Beltran still seems upset with Mets for some controversies & organizational leaks during his time there . `` It wasnt right . Put it that way . '' — Daniel Barbarisi ( @ DanBarbarisi ) December 20 , 2013
Beltran will wear No . 36 , as he announced on Twitter and Instagram .
New York seems to have a logjam among outfielders on its roster , a group that includes Ellsbury , Brett Gardner , Ichiro Suzuki , Alfonso Soriano and Vernon Wells .
To open a roster spot , the Yankees designated right-hander Brett Marshall for assignment .
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories
( TM and © Copyright 2013 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2013 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
`` It 's the worst case scenario . '' Captain Rolland Barron stood on the command deck of the Excalibur , hands folded behind his back . Projected in front of him on the viewscreen was General Qarin Shinn , the heavily decorated Captain of the Federation flagship Fuchai , staring back silently as Rolland reported . `` They 're using robots to grow their fleet . They 've attacked five planets so far , and it looks like they 're increasing the size of their forces with each invasion . '' `` It 's worse than that , '' Jordan Rattan interjected , joining Rolland at his side . `` They built a device to control the machines and their fleet , '' he continued . `` Some kind of cybernetic system that combined the thought patterns of different people . Those people died centuries ago , but they left the machine running . '' `` Are you trying to tell me a machine is in control of the fleet ? '' `` It looks that way . '' Jordan nodded . `` The machine , and whatever 's left of those dead men 's brain waves inside the computer . '' `` It makes no difference . You are to return to Sol immediately , '' Shinn ordered . `` I look forward to your complete reports . '' `` There 's something else , '' Rolland said . `` And what 's that ? '' Shinn lifted an eyebrow . `` The Catechumen have been taking prisoners , '' Rolland said . `` Over a hundred thousand of them . They 're keeping them in some kind of neural prison . '' `` Whatever concerns you have , you may raise them in your report when you return . You have your orders . '' The screen blinked , and Shinn 's image was replaced by the surrounding stars . Clarion was a purple marble in the distance . An Armada of Catechumen vessels spanning the space between . Several of the cross shaped vessels floated nearby : the Messiah , the Testament , the Sepulchre , and the Revelation . `` You heard the General . '' Rolland spun towards Chief Navigator Megan MacLeod . `` Let 's get out of here . '' `` Aye-aye , Captain . '' Megan tapped at her console . With a humming sound , the Excalibur rotated in place , then headed into deep space away from Clarion . Rolland closed his eyes and , with a drawn out sigh , rubbed his face with open palm . `` Something wrong , Captain ? '' Erin asked . `` After what we 've seen over there - '' Rolland shook his head `` - I ca n't believe we 're expected to just go home . '' `` I know you want to help them , '' Erin started , `` but it 's going to take time . You have to work with the assembly . '' `` It does n't feel right . '' Rolland lowered himself into the Captain 's chair . `` The idea of sitting around talking , when right over there , there 's a hundred thousand people who need our help . '' He threw his hand towards the rear viewscreen , where the Sepulchre was shrinking away into the distance . `` I do n't want to talk about helping them . I want to help them . '' `` You 'll only help them by talking , '' Erin said . `` There 's nothing we can do from here . '' `` I do n't know if I trust the assembly to do the right thing . '' `` It 's not about trust . It 's about changing their opinion . You have to get them to agree with you . You have to fight for it . '' `` If it makes you feel any better , '' Jordan said , `` I 'll be recommending intervention . '' `` You know the politics of the assembly - '' Rolland looked to Erin `` - you really think there 's a chance they could go for it ? '' `` Maybe . '' Erin said . `` Say , how long 'til we hit the first hole ? '' `` About an hour , '' Chief Navigator Megan MacLeod reported . `` Smooth sailing 'til then . '' `` If you 'll excuse me Captain - '' Erin started for the exit `` - there 's something I need to attend to . ''
Veteran infielder Chad Tracy will retire after a nine-year playing career , according to a person close to him . Tracy was released by the Angels at the end of spring training after hitting .303 with 1 HR and 7 RBI in 17 spring games .
Tracy , 33 , spent last season with the Nationals , hitting .202 with 4 HR and 11 RBI in 92 games . He hit free agency after the season and hoped to land a bench role with the Angels out of spring training , but instead will retire after nine major league seasons .
Since breaking into the major leagues with the Diamondbacks in 2004 , Tracy appeared in 938 major league games with the Diamondbacks ( 2004-2009 ) , Cubs ( 2010 ) , Marlins ( 2010 ) , and Nationals ( 2012-2013 ) . He retires with a lifetime .274 batting average , 86 home runs , and 358 RBI .
Tracy 's best season came in 2005 with the Diamondbacks , hitting .308 with 27 HR and 72 RBI in 145 games .
With the opening of a new building adjoining the Tate Modern Bankside site , and the appointment of a new director , Dr Maria Balshaw , things seem buoyant at the Tate . Yet below the surface the organisation is headed towards crisis .
Although you would n't know it from the fawning accolades of newspaper profilers , Balshaw 's appointment alarms art historians . Balshaw , the new director of Britain 's largest fine-art museum , with four venues and £1.3 billion in assets , is not an art historian but a student of literature who attained a doctorate in critical theory , specialising in American authors . Critical theory is an academic branch of postmodernism that , preferring to concentrate on art 's ideological and social role , sees no qualitative difference between high and low ( or popular ) art forms . This might be a problematic grounding for the director of Britain 's largest collection of high art . Hitherto in her roles as head of the Whitworth and Manchester art galleries , she has demonstrated no detailed understanding of fine art or any willingness to defy fashion , exhibiting and collecting art on an agenda underpinned by identity politics and feminism . Indeed , Balshaw is a proactive and politically driven individual who will not be taking a backseat position . She has previously made statements that women and minority artists should be given a more prominent position in the arts world . As explained previously on spiked , the relatively low number of female artists in the Tate collection is due to historical restrictions on women artists that no longer exist . However , for feminists , that statistical imbalance justifies the promotion of women artists regardless of the quality of their art .
If the Tate was a stable or manageable organisation , then a figurehead leader would be a viable proposition . Unfortunately , the Tate has huge and ever-increasing problems : it has multiple subjects to cover ( British , contemporary and world art ) ; It does too many things ( maintaining and expanding a collection , hosting exhibitions , running a website , maintaining four venues and organising education/outreach programmes , publishing , conservation , research , hospitality , retail , fundraising , membership services , publicity and so on ) ; it has too many staff members ; it has too much art ; it must continually increase income ; it must continually increase attendance ; it is increasingly involved with outside projects and collaboration with outside organisations ; it is locked into a politically driven economic cycle where only growth is permitted ; and it has recently made a commitment to buy large amounts of art from Africa , Asia and South America . In the past 28 years , the Tate has acquired over 30,000 new art works . That is a vast amount that the museum will never have space to display . And it is not all acquired for artistic , curatorial reasons ; rather , some of that art was acquired as a favour to the artists who are appointed trustees of the Tate board . In fact , the amounts documented in the MPs ' expenses scandal are nothing compared to the huge sums of money being expended by arts organisations such as the Tate , Arts Council , British Council and Government Art Collection on favoured artists . Artists serve on boards , recommending purchases , exhibitions and grants on the understanding they will be favoured in return . For over a decade the independent newsletter The Jackdaw ( the Private Eye of the art world ) has been documenting these transactions , which are buried in official audits and annual reports . It is clear there is a drive for the Tate to collect art on the basis of the identity of artists not on the intrinsic merits of the art works . The greater the quantity of female/minority art the Tate acquires , the more progressive and inclusive it will appear , which in turn justifies increased government funding . This tendency will only increase in coming years under Balshaw 's direction .
The Tate 's collecting policy is not based on what it will display but on demonstrating its politically progressive credentials , using our money to do so . Due to space restrictions , the art itself will likely never be exhibited . The Tate 's fundamental problem is that it does not know why it exists ; this will only get worse during Balshaw 's era , with its promised blend of identity politics , populism , community events , pop culture and an influx of school parties , not to mention a massive acquisition drive . Museums in the postmodern age When the existence of museums depends on popular consent and museum funding depends on reaching a mass audience , curators tend to make art as approachable as possible . Yet the more art is presented as just another piece of everyday life , the more people wonder what the purpose of an art museum is . Making art more popular by adapting it to ape pop culture ( or by co-opting pop culture as art ) increases engagement , but decreases respect towards art . Pop culture in museums can not help but be a feeble denatured mimicry of the pop culture that fills the rest of the world . In a postmodern multicultural age , cultural institutions lose morale and direction because they have no moral or intellectual underpinning . If museum staff do not believe fine art has intrinsic value as art ( not just as a demographic signifier ) then they can not explain art . If even experts can not explain why art is important , they ( and their museums ) deserve to go . Balshaw is an arts-venue manager who has demonstrated little knowledge of art history and is therefore in the worst possible position to put forward an intellectual and moral case for high art . Arts-venue managers ( as opposed to art historians , who used to run museums ) are terrified of silent static art , of allowing visitors to choose to engage or walk away , and – like an anxious mother with an easily bored child – chop art into tiny morsels without context or jangle bright geegaws such as ‘ interactive experiences ' to capture attention . But that is exactly what everyone experiences elsewhere all the time . But surely those morsels entice visitors to learn more ? Really ? In a chaotic museum that can not properly display that art , label it informatively or explain why it is important ? Showing films , staging concerts , hosting performances , holding lectures , providing educational activities – all of these are done better , cheaper and smarter by cinemas , private galleries , concert halls and schools with facilities adapted to those purposes and staffed by professionals who are experts . The only thing an art museum does better than any other venue is displaying painting and sculpture . It could almost have been designed for that purpose . The Tate is so intent on being second-rate in as many areas as possible , it neglects its core mission . A museum such as the Tate should conserve , present and explain art objects of the highest aesthetic quality and historical worth . Clarity , focus and excellence – and the respect that would generate – would secure the future for a slimmed-down Tate . But the circus must go . Exhibiting and collecting a cross-section of the entirety of the world 's high and pop culture in its myriad manifestations in a museum barely capable of presenting its limited collection of British and Western Modernist art up to 1970 is not only impossible ; it is insanity .
Getty Sigmar Gabriel has warned against isolating Qatar by adopting Mr Trump 's policies
Mr Gabriel urged all sides to avoid further escalating the crisis gripping the Gulf , warning that disagreements among Gulf states could weaken the US-led coalition 's fight against the Islamic State . Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Egypt and Bahrain on Monday said they would sever all ties with Qatar , accusing Doha of supporting terrorism . The German vice chancellor criticised the policies set out by American President Donald Trump as ushering in an era of protectionism and warned that `` Qatar could become completely isolated and be existentially affected '' . Adding : `` Such a 'Trumpification ' of dealing with each other is particularly dangerous in a region that is already troubled . ''
However , the German vice chancellor said that no one would benefit from any further escalation in diplomatic relations and expressed his surprise at the speed of the diplomatic spat that has broken out between neighbours . He said : `` I am very concerned about the dramatic escalation of the situation and the consequences for the whole region . '' Referring to Mr Trump 's visit to Saudia Arabia last month , Mr Gabriel slammed the $ 110billion arms deal that he struck .
Getty U.S. President Donald Trump 's visited Saudi Arabia for a summit with Arab leaders in May
He said : `` The recent gigantic armament deals of the American President Trump with the Gulf monarchies exacerbate the risk of a new rearmament spiral . '' He also said Mr Trump 's policy `` is a completely false policy , and certainly not Germany 's policy '' . Germany 's nuclear agreement with Iran and its allies had banished the danger of a nuclear armament dynamics in the region .
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off . They said they would take a hard line on funding ... — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
Berlin insisted all parties involved in the sanctions should be able to talk to each other in a bid to diffuse the situation . Mr Gabriel is set to meet the Saudi foreign minister , Adel Al-Jubeir in Berlin . He said : `` Then we will surely find out more about the motives of the Saudis for their extremely harsh advance . ''
... extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
Mr Trump inserted himself in the middle of the diplomatic row over Qatar by tweeting a response that appeared to side with Saudi Arabia . Referring to his trip to the Gulf State , the US president tweeted on Tuesday : “ During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology . Leaders pointed to Qatar – look ! ” “ So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off . They said they would take a hard line on funding ... extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! ”
PA Qatar Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani may have to step down
United Arab Emirates Minister of State for Foreign Affairs said : “ We want to make clear that various countries - Saudi Arabia , UAE , Bahrain , Egypt and others – are fed up with Qatar 's duplicity , which has been undermining the region . “ Qatar is undermining regional security and our attempts at countering the extremist and terrorist narrative. ” Mr Gabriel said : `` We all - and that is also the view of my Saudi counterpart - are interested in avoiding any further escalation , because the region is already facing great tensions and challenges . ''
# infographic
Foreign Minister @ MBA_AlThani_ to `` CNN '' : Qatar is ready for dialogue to resolve the diplomatic crisis pic.twitter.com/GQkVd03CrZ — MOFA - Qatar ( @ MofaQatar_EN ) June 7 , 2017
Actor John Lithgow has had a long and storied career , with roles that range from an extraterrestrial leader to a serial killer to Shakespeare 's Malvolio . But this fall , he takes on what could be his greatest performance yet , playing Winston Churchill in The Crown , a new Netflix series that 's as much about politics as it is about the British royal family . In advance of the show 's premiere , we sat down with Lithgow to talk about the pressures of playing the British Bulldog , the kindness of his castmates , and why he 'll be sad to see the 2016 election end .
What was it like to play this iconic British figure as an American ?
It was very exciting and very intimidating all in the same degree . I never dreamed I would play Churchill . It was sort of unimaginable . I would never cast myself in the role , but Daldry thought of me , and Peter Morgan thought it was a great idea , and my agent called and said Peter Morgan writer , Stephen Daldry director , Winston Churchill on Netflix for eight months , and I had said yes about halfway through that . It was a wonderful , wonderful opportunity .
Did you feel a lot of pressure ?
Well , yes , but the most exciting things to do are the things that you are afraid of . The first time I had any anxiety about it at all was when I confided in a couple of Englishmen that I had been asked to do it . I just saw their faces fall , and I thought uh-oh what did I get myself into . And I told my good friend Nicholas Hytner , the director of the national theater , and his response was , `` They will kill you . '' [ laughs ] Everyone was trying to get into The Crown . That was the word . This is the hot show . Nick said , `` Every major actor in London will have a contract out on your head . '' Of course , this was an exaggeration . I was welcomed with open arms by everyone I worked with on it , and they did n't seem to bat an eye—they thought it was a great idea . They were excited by the idea of a completely new attack on the role , something very surprising .
When I started watching the show , I did n't realize what a large role politics would play in the series .
Netflix had a clever way of summoning that up . In the very early press releases , way back before we even started filming , they described it as a series about the two most famous addresses in the world : Buckingham Palace and number 10 Downing Street . And Britain is a constitutional monarchy . There is the monarchy and parliament and the interaction between the two of them ; both institutions make a much more interesting story when combined with the other .
Courtesy of Netflix
Do you think there 's still a reason for the monarchy in the modern world ?
There is in Britain . Britain is probably the most sophisticated combination of a monarchy and a democracy .
I did n't realize the Prime Minister still meets with the Queen once a week .
Oh , yes . Britain has a great sense of its own national pride . It 's like the monarchy is the embodiment of that pride . It 's not always easy to be proud of your government .
Why do you think Americans still have such a fascination with the British Royal Family ?
It 's hard to define , but I think it has something to do with the fact that they maintain a certain mystery . They almost represent the unknowable soul of a country . We really learn very little about them , despite how much as is reported about Kate and William or the children or Elizabeth and Philip . There is so much we do n't know and that , I think , is the great drama of our series . The whole series is about the public face and the private face of both the royals and a character like Churchill .
But by extension , and metaphorically , it 's about all of us . Our private and our public side . There 's no more private family than the royal family . People who can really only be themselves with each other . The rest of us just spend all our time fascinated by them .
Did playing Churchill change your perception of him ?
Well I certainly learned a lot . I had n't known what a many-layered man he was , nor how many different peaks and valleys there had been to his incredible career .
You really can study the history of the 20th century by studying the history of that one man 's life , at least in the West , certainly in Britain . And I just sort of plunged in . I played him as a very old man , of course . But everything I learned about him in his young years was actually the most valuable stuff I learned about him . That 's when you learn who somebody really is .
Did you ever think that someone could sit down and watch the series in one go if they wanted to ?
I suppose so—There are crazy people out there . Gluttons for punishment . But I 'm almost bitter the fact that they can watch in 10 hours what it takes 8 months to do , you know ? [ laughs ] But I 'm very proud of it and it has an incredible scope to it , an arc .
Do you have a favorite episode ?
Number nine is a great , great episode because it 's about something so minute : it 's about a portrait being made of Churchill , and his relationship with the painter . That is the focus of it , these two men working things through and becoming very good friends , and that friendship—well I wo n't tell you—but it is a wonderful demonstration of Peter Morgan 's ingenuity .
With Churchill , one thing I read about constantly was his white-hot temper . He had a colossal temper , a lot of it fueled by drink . He had the temperament of an alcoholic , quite irrational and quite terrifying . Well , the one time you truly see that rage and upset is at a portrait of himself that he absolutely loathes , a portrait of himself . What a wonderful idea . Rather than raging at another politician or at Clemmie or a broken friendship or anything , it 's all about his ego . He 's basically raging at the approach of death , a wonderful , thrilling idea . That 's typical of the whole show . It 's about royalty , but on a much larger scale , it 's about the public and private face of people , human beings .
Courtesy of Netflix
What was the biggest challenge of portraying Churchill ?
Keeping a straight face when acting with Claire Foy because we giggled all the time . That was a challenge . But it was easier than you would think . It was a wonderfully creative and exciting process with fantastic collaborators . I 've always said the real challenge is acting in bad material . Bad writing is the biggest challenge there is , and this was great writing .
Is there any other historical character you 'd like to play ?
I 'm not actually a fan of playing well-known figures . This has been the first time that it has been truly satisfying , and I think it 's because there is such a distance to travel between myself and him . The thing , on a very basic level , if you play a historical figure , you 're telling a story to which everybody knows the ending . I 'm really much more interested in suspending disbelief and in fiction . I 'm a storyteller and one of the most essential aspects of telling a story is not knowing the ending . The great thing about The Crown is there are so many aspects to this story that people do n't know . But it 's pretty rare when you 're telling a history to be telling a story that people do n't know .
Do you have any memories from filming ?
They gave me the most wonderful 70th birthday on set . They had an enormous cake that was a perfect duplicate of the door of number 10 Downing Street , and they called me to the set after lunch to rehearse a scene . And I thought why are we rehearsing this—we 've already shot half of it , and I walked in and they were all gathered together singing `` Happy Birthday . '' That was awfully nice ( laughs ) . It was an extraordinarily loving group . You do n't associate Englishmen with deep feeling , but by god , I had deep feeling with these people . They were so extraordinarily welcoming . Same day , or same occasion , my wife gave me a party in our flat . There were about fifty people there and Mary and I were the only Americans . I 've never been in a job where I walked home with so many best friends for life , truly .
I saw you sitting and reading earlier . Is there something in particular you 're enjoying right now ?
I 'm just consumed with our national story . On the one hand , we 'll all be grateful when it 's over . On the other , talk about a great historical drama . The theater wonk in me will miss it . It has been high drama of the best order , and what characters , my god ! Now that 's a role I 'd love to play . [ laughs ] But in a serious drama—Alec Baldwin 's got the comedy .
The Crown premieres on Netflix November 4 .
This interview has been edited for both length and clarity .
Randalls is upping their ‘ certain days ' game , continuing their effort to be the most complicated store to get a deal at . The card is a pain , but it 's there and I 'm used to it now . The app is just plain irritating–making me use my poor old phone to get 50c off salad dressing does n't make me happy to be where I am ! A few months back they added limits , last week adding lower AND upper limits . Now , not only to they have Friday-only , but 3-day-only deals . Even people like me , who live close and use them for convenience on certain products are going to wear out on this soon !
We 've got stone fruit showing up cheap this week , with eggs , mangos and grapes making a decent showing . In the meat department , pork and chicken are at normal lows , with nothing at a stock-the-freezer price . Asparagus is here , which means all the great spring deals are just getting started !
Note : Grapes are cheaper at Randalls . Organic apples are super cheap at Sprouts . Mangos are cheapest at Fiesta ( though still cheap at HEB ) . Do n't buy these things elsewhere this week .
HEB
red or black plums 97c/lb
Ataulfo mangos 58c/ea
bscb $ 1.99/lb
ground chuck , 80 % , club pack $ 2.97/lb
HCF beefs for fajitas $ 2.97/lb
Fiesta
strawberries , 1lb $ 1.67/ea
Roma tomatoes 67c/lb
Ataulfo mangos , large 50c/ea
boneless chicken tenders $ 1.67/lb ( Fiesta limit )
pork country ribs , blade steak $ 1.29/lb ( Fiesta limit )
Old Orchard apple juice , 64oz 99c/ea ( limit 2 )
Fiesta chunk cheese , 16oz $ 2.99/lb
El Molino corn tortillas , 4lb pkg $ 2/ea
Randalls
medium Hass avocados 50c
red or green seedless grapes $ 1.49/lb
boneless pork loin $ 1.79/lb
chicken of the Sea chunk light tuna , 5oz 49c/ea ( limit 9 )
Skinner pasta , 8-12oz 49c/ea ( limit 9 )
blue Bell ide cream , 1/2 gal $ 4.88/ea ( must buy 2 or more )
Signature Care supplements , selected B1G1
10 stem daffodils $ 1.99/ea
Fri/Sat/Sun
Lucerne eggs , a dozen $ 1.50/ea ( limit 4 )
Fri ONLY
Lucerne cheese , 32oz . shredded or block $ 5 ( remember , cheese freezes ! )
Thomas English muffins $ 1.25/ea
Thibodeaux crawfish tail meat , 12oz frozen $ 5/ea
Sprouts
asparagus 98c/lb
zucchini 50c/lb
yellow nectarines 98c/lb
organic Pinata apples , 3lb bag $ 2.50/ea
quick , rolled or steel cut oats 50c/lb
Happy shopping Cheepsters ! Let me know if you find other deals out there !
Weekly Flyer Links
Police search for rapist in Sebastopol
Sebastopol police are searching for a man who reportedly raped a 51-year-old woman in downtown Sebastopol on Sunday night .
The woman was walking along Pitt Avenue near the intersection of Keating Avenue around 8 p.m. Sunday when the man forced her into a secluded area behind Safeway and allegedly raped her .
“ We are very concerned , and we are taking this very seriously , ” said Sgt . David Harston . “ This is not something that is common for this area . ”
The woman , who lives in the neighborhood , described her attacker as a slender white or Latino man , according to Harston . He appeared to be around 6 feet tall and younger than 30 years old . He was wearing dark pants , possibly a dark jacket , and had slicked-back hair . Harston said . The woman told police that the man was not carrying a weapon , and she did not recognize him .
Harston said the woman was walking down the street , running an errand , when the man allegedly forced her into a dark area behind Safeway that is hidden from public view by a concrete wall . Large trees also line that section of Pitt Avenue .
“ It was very dark and it was raining , ” Harston said . “ And in that area , there 's not a lot of vehicle traffic , and there is n't a lot of street lighting . ”
The woman reported the rape at 8:45 p.m. when she returned home , minutes after the attack .
Police are interviewing possible witnesses , including two people who live near Safeway and may have heard something related to the attack . Harston said one person reported hearing yelling , and another person at a different residence heard a female voice , but could not make out what was being said .
Harston said police are also investigating a possible link to a white car seen in the area . The woman told police that she noticed a small white sedan parked in the area before her alleged rape . She said she heard a vehicle drive away after the attack , and said the car was gone .
Harston said police also are looking into any possible connection between the attack on Sunday and an attempted rape late last month , when a man tried raping a woman sleeping in her van near the the Joe Rodota Trail .
“ We 're not ruling it out , ” Harston said , pointing out that the descriptions of the two men , however , are not alike .
Police are encouraging anyone who may have heard or saw anything suspicious to contact the Police Department at 829-4400 .
You can reach Staff Writer Angela Hart at 526-8503 or angela.hart @ pressdemocrat.com . On Twitter @ ahartreports .
With the seasonal backlash against SantaCon in full swing , organizers of the infamous pub crawl have retained famous civil rights lawyer Norman Siegel to represent them . While the NYC SantaCon organizers have usually refused to speak with the press , the group is now reaching out to media to announce that the event is `` in a transition process . '' Here 's their statement :
`` While this event will always poke fun at society and the overly-commercialized aspects of the holiday ( culture jamming ) , Santa and the Elves are working closely with city officials , the Parks Department and NYPD on better formats to manage the event while growing it as much beloved annual tradition for the city . ''
A SantaCon organizer who agreed to speak with Gothamist on condition of anonymity explains , `` With our numbers increasing it attracts a certain element that does n't understand the ethics behind it . It 's about art in public space , creativity , donning gay apparel and being festive . '' Citing the Halloween Parade , which started out as an unauthorized street party before becoming an official parade in 1985 , SantaCon organizers say they 're `` investigating other parade and festival-like options for the 2015 event and beyond . ''
In recent years SantaCon has made headlines with reports of obnoxious behavior from inebriated participants in Santa costumes who 've been seen publicly urinating , vomiting , getting handjobs , and , perhaps worst of all , disillusioning the children . When word spread that SantaCon was planning to gather in Bushwick this year , local leaders pushed back , telling the event it was n't wanted . And even one of SantaCon 's founders urged would-be Santas to `` go do something else . ''
The organizer we spoke with admits that there are some bad apples , but also says `` SantaCon brings way more smiles than it does scowls . It 's easy for the press to look at a group of people all dressed the same acting out of the norm and make claims about them . There is probably .01 % of Santas that act inappropriately , but when you have 30,000 people that 's 30 people , and it 's easy to take a picture of them . ''
SantaCon is promoting a # DontScroogeSantaCon hashtag this year in an attempt to curb bad behavior , and organizers also say the event raises thousands of dollars for charity through partnerships with participating bars . They claim they raised $ 60,000 last year , which was donated to Figment Project , the Food Bank of New York , World Hoop Day , and the Dance Parade .
Siegel , who was most recently in the news for defending the nurse who was forcibly quarantined during a New Jersey ebola scare , cited the Dance Parade as one group he represented as it transitioned into an officially-sanctioned event . `` I think what SantaCon is trying to do is reduce any of the negative aspects , '' Siegel tells us , adding that even Santa has Constitutional rights . `` People need to be able to express themselves and do it within the parameters of the First Amendment . ''
Asked if he had anything to say to SantaCon critics who dismiss the event as a fratastic shitshow , the SantaCon organizer told us , `` To paraphrase Ray Kelly , SantaCon 's the kind of thing that makes New York . It 's a spectacular display to behold . I believe we need a little bit of culture-jamming in our world before our city turns into a big mall . There is a tremendous amount of creativity that people put into their costumes . We have children and families and dogs that come to the beginning of the event .
`` We do understand that when alcohol gets involved it can lead to certain improprieties , but we do not endorse that , and we discourage that . There 's always a bad element when you have this many people together , and we do our best to curb their activities . ''
SantaCon happens this Saturday the 13th . The route is usually announced one day prior , and it usually romps through midtown and then swarms the East Village , though that may change this year . EV Grieve reports that Community Board 3 , which oversees the Lower East Side , has announced that the event will not take place there .
`` We are looking to change a lot this year , '' the SantaCon organizer told us . `` We are listening to the concerns of the NYPD , the Community Boards , the local politicians , the DOT , and the MTA . We want to work with them , as we did last year . They 've expressed a lot of concerns and we 're working to address them . '' Santa would not elaborate on specific changes that organizers will make .
UPDATE : Hellboy star Ron Perlman is mourning the end of the franchise he fronted after director Guillermo del Toro announced earlier Tuesday that a third installment will not be made .
“ In loving memory of the # Hellboy franchise officially biting the dust , I will take the rest of the day off Twitter , ” Perlman wrote on the social media platform . Perlman donned prosthetics and red body paint for 2004 's Hellboy and 2008 's sequel , Hellboy II : The Golden Army . Prior to Del Toro 's announcement on Tuesday , talks of a third movie had been swirling for nearly a decade .
In loving memory of the # Hellboy franchise officially biting the dust , I will take the rest of the day off Twitter . — Ron Perlman ( @ perlmutations ) February 21 , 2017
EARLIER : Sorry , Hellboy fans , but we can officially put a longstanding issue to rest : director Guillermo del Toro confirmed that Hellboy 3 definitely wo n't happen .
After years of “ will they , wo n't they ? ” updates from the cast and filmmaker , Del Toro went on Twitter to relay the sobering news . “ Hellboy 3 Sorry to report , ” he wrote on Tuesday morning . “ Spoke w all parties . Must report that 100 % the sequel will not happen . And that is to be the final thing about it . ”
Earlier this year , Del Toro did a flash poll on social media to gauge interest , which was still very much alive . He then promised a sit down with star Ron Perlman and Hellboy ‘ s gatekeeper Mike Mignola about the realities of such an endeavor . Unfortunately , it 's not the reality many hoped for .
Hellboy 3 Sorry to report : Spoke w all parties . Must report that 100 % the sequel will not happen . And that is to be the final thing about it — Guillermo del Toro ( @ RealGDT ) February 21 , 2017
Perlman starred in red body paint and prosthetics alongside Doug Jones and Selma Blair for Hellboy , released in 2004 with a retelling of the comic book demon who hopped dimensions and became a supernatural superhero . The trio reunited for Hellboy II : The Golden Army in 2008 , and there 's been talk of another sequel ever since . Pretty much everyone involved expressed ambivalence over the project 's future , but Del Toro somehow managed to keep a spark of hope simmering .
Now the filmmaker can focus on new stories , like his Cold War epic The Shape of Water and the Trollhunters Netflix series ( coming back for season 2 ) .
Both coaches are under the blowtorch , but Wests Tigers coach Jason Taylor has welcomed the sort of heat forecast for Saturday 's NRL clash with the Warriors .
With temperatures expected to nudge the late 30s at Campbelltown Stadium in south-west Sydney , Taylor on Friday ruled out requesting drinks breaks , believing his team could handle it better than their Auckland-based opponents .
`` I just hope that it remains that way and we do n't get a late change , because I 'd like to think that that 's going to play in our favour , '' Taylor said .
`` There 's a lot of work to be done before we get a result , based on how hot it is , and we have n't talked about that as a team for a second .
`` ( But ) it 'd be nice if it 's nice and hot for us . ''
Both Taylor and Warriors counterpart Andrew McFadden are pressure to find success early in 2016 after their teams ' poor seasons in 2015 .
McFadden 's Warriors were bolstered by arguably the best recruitment drive of the summer , netting stars Roger Tuivasa-Sheck and Issac Luke in key positions , while wily veteran Jeff Robson and prop James Gavet were also good additions .
Still , Taylor insisted mercurial Warriors playmaker Shaun Johnson remained the key threat , one to be negated by shutting down his forward pack .
`` For me , Shaun Johnson is still the number one danger , he 's so talented . And then having Tuivasa-Sheck and Luke around him , it adds another dimension , '' he said .
`` But it 'll be what happens in the middle . Their forwards are strong and we need to hold them . If we do n't do that , then those guys on the edges will be too hard to handle . ''
After a disastrous 2016 where the joint venture won just eight games and finished equal last , a winning start on Saturday would be a big fillip for Taylor .
But the former point-scoring wizard insisted he was n't concerned by the heat on his job .
`` I just want the guys to play well , '' he said .
`` We want to win in round one , and we 'll want to win in round two , and we 'll want to win in round three .
`` ( Pressure is ) just part of this game . ''
The Tigers are without key men Robbie Farah ( knee ) and Luke Brooks ( suspension ) who have been replaced by Jack Littlejohn and Manaia Cherrington respectively .
For the Warriors , McFadden has named five new faces ; Tuivasa-Sheck , Robson , Gavet , Luke and Blake Ayshford while Robson 's inclusion at halfback means Johnson moves to five-eighth .
STATS THAT MATTER
* All five matches between these two teams at Campbelltown have been decided by a double-figure margin .
* The Tigers have won their home-opener for the past eight seasons . In contrast , the Warriors have lost their past six round one matches , and 15 of 21 overall .
* The Warriors are just three losses away from equalling a club record 11 straight defeats , set in 2012-213 .
Last night , Riot Fest lost an irreplaceable part of its closely-knit family . Sean P. McKeough , partner and producer , passed away at the age of 42 .
Sean 's partner in Riot Fest , Michael Petryshyn ( aka Riot Mike ) has issued the following statement .
“ Sean was Riot Fest 's pillar of strength . I loved him . I admired him . And to lose him is a lonely and barren feeling . I miss my friend immensely . Without Sean and his belief that a little fest could make a positive impact on people 's lives by doing things differently and left of the dial , Riot Fest would have never become such an intimate family . His Herculean-sized heart and volition made that all possible . Anyone lucky enough to have witnessed his kindness and compassion knows Sean 's muddy work boots will never be filled . It 's impossible… he cared when no one else did . He worked when no one else did . And , he believed in Riot Fest when no one else did .
Our thoughts are with the entire McKeough family and his beloved partner Erin . You were the closest people to him and without your constant love and support for Sean , his unimaginable impact on thousands of lives may have never been realized .
Sean , I will forever be indebted to you . I love you , brother and I 'll make sure that Riot Fest never loses its purpose or vision… the one you saw before any of us . ”
For details about services and to send condolences please visit : http : //smqmemorial.com/
Sen. Bob Corker Robert ( Bob ) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Sasse 's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support ' ahead of 2020 MORE ( R-Tenn. ) blasted Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore ( R ) on Saturday , saying his Senate nomination was `` a bridge too far '' even before sexual misconduct allegations this week .
`` Look , I 'm sorry , but even before these reports surfaced , Roy Moore 's nomination was a bridge too far , '' Corker tweeted Saturday .
Look , I 'm sorry , but even before these reports surfaced , Roy Moore 's nomination was a bridge too far . — Senator Bob Corker ( @ SenBobCorker ) November 11 , 2017
Corker was responding to a bombshell Washington Post story in which Moore was accused of initiating sexual contact with a 14-year-old girl in 1979 , when he was 32 .
The woman , Leigh Corfman , now 53 , accused Moore of touching her over her underwear and moving her hand to touch him over his underwear . She also said that Moore gave her alcohol on at least one occasion .
ADVERTISEMENT
Three other women also told the Post that Moore approached them when they were between the ages of 16 and 18 .
Moore has denied the allegations , saying they are `` completely false . ”
Two GOP senators withdrew their endorsements of Moore Friday night after one of them , Mike Lee Michael ( Mike ) Shumway LeePush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback The Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE ( Utah ) , requested to be removed from Moore 's fundraising pitches in the wake of the allegations .
Corker has emerged as a vocal critic of President Trump and some Republicans since announcing his retirement in September .
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. -- A suburban Chicago man in Jacksonville for the Chicago Bears game was stabbed to death inside a local bar early Sunday morning .
William Christopher Pettry , 42 , of Lake Villa , Ill. , was stabbed at Fionn MacCool 's , an Irish restaurant and bar , at the Jacksonville Landing area , and later pronounced dead , according to a news release from the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office . Jacksonville resident Matthew Hinson , 28 , was arrested for the crime .
According to the release , the investigation revealed Pettry was in town for the game and `` was involved in a disturbance with two other subjects inside of the restaurant . During the incident , Mr. Pettry was stabbed by one of the subjects and was later pronounced deceased . ''
Hinson was found at the scene , detained and charged with the crime .
The victim 's wife , Karen Hunt Pettry , posted about her husband 's death on her Facebook page Sunday :
`` Today my husband William Christopher Pettry ( Most of you only know him by Chris ) was taken from his family way to early . Some idiot has taken his life . Im so mad , just do n't understand why , very lost right now . Please hug the ones you love because you never know if tomorrow you will have that chance . ''
Police say the investigation is ongoing and there will be a press conference Monday at the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office .
Yesterday on Twitter , President Trump complained about The New York Times ( which he had previously identified as an `` enemy of the American People '' ) and suggested that its coverage could be improved by making it easier for public figures like him to file successful defamation lawsuits : `` The failing @ nytimes has disgraced the media world . Gotten me wrong for two solid years . Change libel laws ? '' The tweet recalled comments Trump made during his presidential campaign last year , when he said , `` I 'm going to open up our libel laws '' so that `` when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post ... writes a hit piece , we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they 're totally protected . ''
As New York Times legal writer Adam Liptak points out ( not for the first time ) , the president actually has no power to `` open up our libel laws , '' since libel `` is a state-law tort , meaning that state courts and state legislatures have defined its contours . '' Furthermore , the Supreme Court has said the First Amendment limits the ability of politicians and other public figures to recover damages when a journalist makes them look bad : They have to show not only that a reputation-damaging story was false but that the author knew , or at least suspected , it was false . That `` actual malice '' standard has been the law for more than half a century , since the Court decided New York Times v. Sullivan . `` Changing New York Times v. Sullivan would require either the Supreme Court to overrule it or a constitutional amendment , '' Liptak writes . `` Neither is remotely likely . ''
Yesterday 's tweet shows that Trump 's misunderstanding of libel law goes beyond his ignorance of how it is made and how it is constrained by the First Amendment . His tweet links to a piece in which New York Post columnist John Crudele criticizes the Times for omitting relevant information from its coverage of Trump 's widely derided claim that `` President Obama was tapping my phones in October . '' Crudele notes that the Times reported last January , under the print headline `` Wiretapped Data Used in Inquiry of Trump Aides , '' that `` American law enforcement and intelligence agencies are examining intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and associates of President-elect Donald J . Trump . '' Trump says that article confirms his claim about Obama . It does n't , as Crudele concedes . But he argues that the story `` does make Trump 's accusation look a little less crazy '' and should have been mentioned in coverage of the controversy about Obama 's alleged wiretapping of Trump Tower .
Even if you think Crudele has a point , there is nothing remotely libelous about the articles he is criticizing . They may be incomplete , but they are not defamatory , because they are not false . As evidence of the need to `` change libel laws , '' Trump cites unfavorable press coverage that is accurate but arguably lacks context . Even if New York Times v. Sullivan had never happened , such a complaint would not justify a libel claim , which has to assert that the defendant said something that was verifiably false . Without that threshold requirement , journalism would be financially untenable , because disagreements about its quality would be resolved through litigation instead of criticism and public debate .
Trump does not seem to grasp that journalism can be not just negative but unfair , unbalanced , or misleading without being libelous ( which helps explain why he threatens to sue people at the drop of a hat ) . When he complains that the Times has `` gotten me wrong for two solid years , '' he may mean that the paper underestimated him , that it consistently portrayed him in a negative light , or that he did not recognize himself in its coverage . None of that is grounds for a lawsuit , and anyone who values freedom of speech should be thankful for that fact .
Ever since the shootings in Newtown , Conn. , gun rights advocates have been pushing for teachers to be armed as a way to prevent future school shootings . Now , local gun advocacy groups are offering teachers easy ways to make it happen .
CBS News reports :
Advertisement :
The Utah Shooting Sports Council said it would waive its $ 50 fee for concealed-weapons training for the teachers . Instruction featuring plastic guns was to start Thursday inside a conference room at Maverick Center , a hockey arena in the Salt Lake City suburb of West Valley . It 's an idea gaining traction in the aftermath of the Connecticut school shooting . In Ohio , the Buckeye Firearms Association said it was launching a test program in tactical firearms training for 24 teachers initially .
A gun store in Texas also announced last week that it would offer teachers a 10 percent discount for a concealed carry class . And the patriot group the Oath Keepers said it would provide teachers free firearms training , and training in the “ use of blunt objects and improvised objects for self-defense , use of knives , use of pepper spray , empty-hand defensive tactics , and methods of disarming an attacker who is armed with guns or knives , as well as crime awareness and crisis mindset training . ”
Then there 's Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne , who proposed a program yesterday to arm one employee in every school , and said that a state legislator would likely propose a similar bill next session .
In states like Oklahoma , South Dakota , Nevada and Florida , state lawmakers are considering similar legislation to arm school employees .
Though Democrats in Congress are pushing to pass stricter gun control laws , including a ban on assault rifles , a new Gallup poll out today shows that only 44 percent say they support an assault weapons ban since the shootings , compared with 51 percent who say they oppose it . This is only a slight change from the last time the question was asked , in October , when 43 percent said they 'd support a ban , and 53 percent said they 'd oppose it .
NRA chief Wayne LaPierre last week contributed to the gun control debate by proposing that Congress should “ appropriate everything that is necessary to put armed police officers in every single school in this nation . ”
Linda Greenhouse at the New York Times reports on the NRA 's stealth battle to block judicial confirmations , most prominently after Mitch McConnell asked the group to `` score '' Sonia Sotomayor ahead of her confirmation vote :
Advertisement :
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Swansea City are set to pay a club record £15m to sign Spanish hot-shot Borja Baston – and then scoop at least £20m by giving the green-light to West Ham to land Andre Ayew .
Atletico Madrid striker Borja is due in South Wales over the next 24 hours to complete a medical and put pen to paper on a deal that will see him link up with Spanish World Cup winning frontman Fernando Llorente in Francesco Guidolin 's squad .
But WalesOnline understands Swansea will have to eclipse the £12.5m they paid out for Wilfried Bony in 2013 to seal the deal for the exciting young forward who has attracted interest from all over Europe after his 18-goal breakthrough in La Liga last season .
Guidolin confirmed the move was imminent when he spoke after his side 's 1-0 win over French outfit Stade Rennais , Jay Fulton 's goal giving Swansea a final pre-season victory before next week 's Premier League opener against Burnley .
The Italian also confirmed the story revealed by WalesOnline on Friday that Ayew has played his last game at the Liberty with the club prepared to accept the Hammers ' offer once they were confident of bringing in Borja having already snapped up Llorente from Sevilla .
( Image : Huw Evans Picture Agency )
Ayew is thought to have travelled to London with his father , African football legend Adebi Pele , to finalise the move .
But while there had been some indications that the Hammers would pay a basic fee of around £15m , it is now understood that Swansea will get at least £20m for the 26-year-old .
And there could be further add-ons involved in the transfer that could eventually put the deal in touching distance to the record £25m recouped when Bony moved to Manchester City 18 months ago .
Neither deal is likely to be completed until Monday , but it will give Swansea a boost going into the Burnley game after initial frustrations in the transfer window .
However , there is still uncertainty around the future of Ashley Williams as Swansea await Everton 's next move . Williams missed the win over the Ligue 1 side – which saw Llorente impress on his debut – as he was rested along with fellow Euro 2016 stars with Guidolin stressing he remains a Swansea City player .
* * Warning : This post contains spoilers .
The Last Jedi , the second of three sequels , premiered worldwide . The largely female-driven film ( it 's about time , Hollywood ) follows the Resistance and its ongoing struggle to defeat the First Order .
My husband and I are huge Star Wars fans ! For the past couple of years , our favorite Christmas gift ( well , technically Hanukkah gifts for me ) has been the release of a new Star Wars film . On Friday , the second of three sequels , premiered worldwide . The largely female-driven film ( it 's about time , Hollywood ) follows the Resistance and its ongoing struggle to defeat the First Order .
The film was fantastic ! With amazing action sequences , multilayered characters , and dazzling special effects , it 's two and a half hours of complete joy whether you 're an old-school Star Wars fan or not . What I was n't expecting , however , were the impossible-to-miss animal rights themes tackled in The Last Jedi .
The first pro-animal scene , and probably the most overt in terms of vegan messaging , features legendary Star Wars character Chewbacca and the porgs , a super-adorable alien bird species . Chewbacca is about to eat one of the tiny birds , who 's already been cooked , when he finds himself sitting next to others who are still alive . The birds look sadly at Chewbacca with pleading eyes , and you can all but hear them say , “ Please do n't eat us. ” Chewbacca is torn . He looks at the roasted bird and then at his new friends . After going back and forth a couple of times , he simply ca n't do it . He listens to his heart and puts down the roasted bird . For the rest of the film , Chewbacca forms a friendship with one of the porgs , who accompanies him on the Millennium Falcon .
Anyone still eating animals whoare ever met a pig , cow , or chicken has faced Chewbacca 's dilemma . Once you see animals as the sensitive and intelligent beings they are , the choice is obvious : friends not food .
Another striking scene involves animal exploitation for entertainment . In the casino city Canto Bight , fathiers ( alien space horses ) are forced to race . We see that the animals are brutally whipped , confined , and made to perform against their will . Rose , a brave new Resistance character , tells Finn how the treatment of the fathiers repels her . The scene ends with Finn and Rose liberating the animals , who trample and destroy the town that had enslaved them . After leading the fathiers to safety , Rose unbridles the last one , exclaiming , “ Now it was worth it . ”
Animals also play a vital role at the conclusion of the film . When the Resistance army is trapped inside a mine , their fate seems all but sealed . Looking for a way out , they follow the vulptexes ( gorgeous crystal foxes ) , who lead them to safety .
It 's true that some other scenes do not appear as animal-friendly ( Luke Skywalker goes fishing… ugh ) , but they are not given the same attention or emotional weight . For instance , along with the fishing scene , shot at a distance without much detail , we see Luke milking a dinosaur-like animal on Ahch-To . As he milks the animal , Rey looks on with disgust . The milk appears bluish green and extremely unappetizing . Looking at it , I was reminded of the very real pus in cow 's milk . Blech ! Maybe that 's why fluid milk consumption has plummeted since the 1970s as more people gravitate toward delicious plant-based milk .
File picture shows Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak ( centre ) surveying the damage at Taman Barokah and it 's surrounding at Tanah Merah , Kelantan on Disember 31 , 2014 . — File pic
KUALA LUMPUR , Jan 11— Having recovered from an E. coli infection last week , Datuk Seri Najib Razak now considers himself among the hundreds of thousands of Malaysians affected by the country 's worst monsoonal floods in decades .
The prime minister said he was bedridden at home for days and could not conduct visits to his own parliamentary constituency to assess the floods situation there .
“ I was supposed to come to Pekan earlier but I am also a victim of the floods .
“ Even though I am not qualified to receive aid , but I can be considered a victim because I was infected by E. coli recently , ” he was quoted as saying by Mingguan Malaysia .
“ It is not an experience I would like to have to go through again . If you do n't believe me ask my wife , ” Najib added .
The Prime Minister 's Office announced last week that Najib contracted an E.coli infection , believed to be from food poisoning , after visiting flood-affected areas .
E.coli or the Escherichia coli is a bacterium that is widely found in the human intestine . Certain strains can cause mild to severe food poisoning symptoms . Infection can happen if water or food contaminated by human or animal faeces is consumed .
Najib made several trips to areas devastated by the floods on December 27 , including Kelantan , which is among the states worst hit in the disaster that saw almost 250,000 people evacuated from their homes at one point .
He has since made a full recovery .
I hate to say it , but economist , New York Times columnist and partisan talking beard Paul Krugman is a smart guy . After all , they do n't hand out Nobel Prizes based on looks . For proof , see 1902 's winner for literature .
It 's hard for me to admit this because , as a strong believer in fiscal conservatism , I am Krugman 's political polar opposite . The proton to his electron . The ant to his grasshopper . The Alex P. to his rest of the Keatons .
But in 1996 , he had different beliefs about how the economy works — beliefs that I share and that have since been proven to be correct .
In 1996 , Krugman authored a book ( based on lectures ) called , “ The Self-Organizing Economy. ” It 's a hard book to find these days . There are only a few on Amazon and they 'll run you $ 69 , hard-cover only . And even if you can get your hands on a copy , it is a heady , difficult read . Even the dust jacket screams , “ I am Fifty Shades of Boring. ” But inside the book , Krugman dives into what was then an emerging science called Complexity .
Complexity itself is , well , complex . It 's best explained as the study of big , messy systems — like the weather , traffic or , in Krugman 's case , the economy . Complexity examines how these systems can organize themselves in recognizable ways , and how order can arise from disorder — all without a centralized plan or planner .
Though not too long , “ The Self-Organizing Economy ” is a beast . Reading it will remind you of one of those dreams where you have to take the final exam for a class you never attended . The first and final chapters elegantly explore the ways economies organize themselves and find order from instability . But it 's the chapters in between that take effort . They 're full of academic theories , computer models and big , scary mathematical formulas . It 's in those chapters , though , that Krugman makes a strong case that cities , when left alone , organize themselves in recognizable ways . In other words , businesses and people group themselves into business districts and neighborhoods without being aware of what they 're doing and without the guidance of government . In the book , Krugman also suggests that the growth of cities may occur in a way that is mathematically predictable . Like I said — heady stuff .
But as time went on , Krugman seemed to lose interest in Complexity . It 's hard to find much else from him on the topic , and in November of 2010 , he seemed to reject the science entirely . He wrote on his blog , “ Oh , and about … complexity and all that : I was one of the people who got all excited about the possibility of getting somewhere with very detailed agent-based models — but that was 20 years ago . And after all this time , it 's all still manifestos and promises of great things one of these days . ”
At this point in the story , it 's tempting to pounce , and push Krugman on how he reconciles his political beliefs with his earlier work . But that would be petty . And the story does n't end here .
Around the time Krugman was distancing himself from his earlier efforts on his blog , the biggest authority in Complexity published findings that validated “ The Self-Organizing Economy . ”
Whether he knew it or not , Paul Krugman 's attempt to understand how cities work was part of an effort that has spanned centuries . People from Friedrich Engels to James Joyce have used art , math and science to try and crack the code of cities ( the book “ Emergence ” by Steven Johnson has some fascinating stuff on this ) . And , finally , in 2010 , the Santa Fe Institute gave us a glimpse of the city 's DNA by reprising some of Krugman 's work .
A team at the Santa Fe Institute led by Geoffrey West proved that we can predict how cities will grow — something Krugman had suggested 14 years earlier . But that 's just the tip of the iceberg . The researchers also found that by collecting massive amounts of data they could make predictions . For example , if given a single piece of data — say , the population of a city — they could tell you how many gas stations it had . Or , if you gave them the average amount of steps per minute the residents take , they could tell you the average wage of employees in the city . They found that all this data was interlinked and predictable . Their findings are nothing short of jaw-dropping . ( For a better explanation , check out the “ Cities ” episode of NPR 's Radiolab or Geoffrey West 's TED talk . )
As far as I can tell , Krugman has n't commented on the Santa Fe Institute 's findings , nor has he shown any re-engagement with Complexity . And it 's both difficult and unfair to guess what he might think of the findings that support his work . But we 're left with some questions . Does Krugman still believe that economies organize themselves ? Has his increased political engagement affected his views ? And if he found himself caught between his political beliefs and scientific ones , why did he choose his political ones ?
I believe that exploring Complexity could help inform policies , solve urban problems and give us a better overall view of the world .
And , as much as I hate to admit it , Paul Krugman can help . If he would just ( intellectually ) come home .
Craig Kirchoff is a complexity hobbyist and lives in Alexandria , Virginia . He will never win a Nobel Prize .
Hillary Clinton likes to point out that she is not the first senior national security official to conduct official business on a home computer system . She 's right about that , but the precedent should not give the Democratic presidential front-runner much comfort .
Former CIA director John Deutch was also found to have stored classified documents — including top-secret intelligence — on computers in his homes in Bethesda and Belmont , Mass. , leading to an investigation by the CIA inspector general and a criminal investigation by the Justice Department . Deutch was stripped of his security clearance and ended up reaching a plea agreement admitting to his crimes — but was saved by a last-minute pardon from none other than . . . President Bill Clinton .
The parallels between the Deutch and Clinton cases suggest that come January 2017 , instead of planning her presidential transition , Clinton may find herself lobbying for a last-minute pardon of her own .
On Feb. 18 , 2000 , the CIA inspector general issued a scathing report in which he found that throughout his tenure as director , Deutch had processed “ large volumes of highly classified information ” on unprotected home computers . After the computers were seized , he wrote , “ a technical exploitation team , consisting of personnel expert in data recovery , retrieved the data from Deutch 's unclassified magnetic media and computers ” and found “ classified information . . . related to covert action , Top Secret communications intelligence and the National Reconnaissance Program budget . ”
Among the classified documents found on Deutch 's hard drive and memory cards were multiple memorandums to the president and vice president that “ contained information at the Top Secret/Codeword level. ” The specific information was redacted in the inspector general 's public report , but Newsweek reported that it included documents related to Iraq and a 1996 terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia that killed 19 U.S. troops .
In one case , the data recovery team discovered that “ [ t ] he files on [ a memory ] card with the unclassified sticker had been erased ; however , the contract network engineer was able to recover data by the use of a commercially available software utility. ” He found top-secret information on it .
Another parallel with Clinton : The inspector general found that Deutch had used the same unclassified computers to process both classified information and conduct personal business , which made the “ classified information residing on Deutch 's computers . . . vulnerable to possible electronic access and exploitation . ”
The inspector general blasted Deutch for his failure to follow an “ elementary practice . . . to separately process classified and unclassified information , ” adding that “ [ b ] ecause Deutch 's computers configured for unclassified use had connections to the Internet , all classified information on those computers was at risk of compromise . ”
The same could be said of Clinton . Indeed , we know that Chinese hackers successfully penetrated the private e-mail accounts of “ many ” senior Obama White House officials . If investigators find that Clinton 's private server containing top-secret intelligence was penetrated by foreign intelligence service , she is going to be in serious trouble .
But here is one important difference : While Deutch expressed regret for putting classified information at risk , Clinton is making public jokes about it — joking about wiping her server “ with a cloth ” and signing up for a Snapchat account because “ those messages disappear all by themselves . ”
I 'm sure the folks at the FBI investigating her e-mail setup found that funny .
The inspector general 's report also includes a note for caution for anyone in the bureaucracy who is thinking of protecting Clinton from proper scrutiny . In the Deutch case , the inspector general took CIA officials to task for failing to properly investigate “ Deutch 's continued suitability for access to classified information ” and criticized the agency for its failure to submit “ a crimes report to the Department of Justice . ”
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton responded to reporters over the controversy surrounding her personal e-mail server . ( AP )
His classified report ( which was later made public in unclassified form ) spurred action . CIA director George Tenet stripped Deutch of his security clearances . And the Justice Department , which initially declined to launch a criminal investigation , finally did so . The Post reported that on Jan. 19 , 2001 , Deutch reached a plea bargain agreement admitting guilt , “ but too late to file it in court that day. ” President Clinton intervened , pardoning Deutch a day later in his final hours in office . Since the pardon obviated the plea agreement , the document was never filed or made public .
When Deutch was stripped of his security clearance , he admitted that “ in hindsight it is clear that I should have insisted that I be provided the means of accomplishing [ my ] work in a manner fully consistent with all the security rules . No one , including the Director , is exempt from compliance with these rules. ” He 's right . No one , including the secretary of state , is exempt from compliance with those rules either — as Hillary Clinton may soon find out .
Read more from Marc Thiessen 's archive , follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook .
They were diverted to her house in Redditch , Worcestershire by a charity overseeing their work , it was reported .
The Ministry of Justice said last night that it was a “ mistake ” and that a “ full internal investigation ” had been launched .
The arrangement arose when the prisoners took part in a programme involving a charity to allow prisoners to carry out pre-agreed work
A source said : “ In this case the charity has taken something up with the Smiths . The pre-agreed work was n't to do this . ”
A Prison Service spokesman said : “ The decision to provide prisoners for this work was taken without consultation with HMP Hewell or the Ministry of Justice and was a mistake .
“ Offenders should work on projects that help the whole community .
The scheme has been suspended while a full internal investigation is undertaken . ”
Miss Smith resigned as Home Secretary in June 2009 after it emerged that she had inadvertently claimed parliamentary expenses for pornographic films which her husband had ordered through “ pay per view ” . Miss Smith lost her seat at the General Election last year to Karen Lumley , now Redditch 's Tory MP .
In a BBC documentary entitled My Resignation , aired earlier this month , Miss Smith discussed what it was like to step down from her high profile job as home secretary .
She said : “ Some people said 'How could you forgive your husband ? Why did n't you make him sleep on the sofa ? '
“ If he watched porn films , I can argue with him about that . But if he makes a silly mistake on a claim form , and I am silly enough to sign it , that should not undermine everything he has contributed to my career and everything we have got together as a relationship . ”
Miss Smith also had to apologise after it emerged she told the fees office that her sister 's house in London was her main home and claimed expenses on her house near Birmingham .
Miss Smith was making a documentary about the porn industry , it was reported earlier this year .
She was to interview the stars and makers of porn films for Radio 5 Live programme called Porn Again .
So , you remember Mark Pryor 's new ( creepy ) ad I told you about earlier today ? The one that touts his “ support ” for the 2nd Amendment ? Well , it seems that national Democratic groups are now touting the ad . This is pretty strange when you consider that they 've been lobbying for the same measures that Pryor is speaking against .
Pryor 's ad claims that the gun control bill he recently voted against ( Manchin-Toomey ) would have done “ nothing to prevent tragedies like Newtown , Aurora , Tucson , or even Jonesboro. ” Strange , because the DSCC 's spokesman recently told The Hill that “ his party 's commitment to expanding background checks for gun sales can not be doubted. ” By touting Pryor 's ad , is the DSCC now saying that their background check efforts would do nothing to prevent tragedies , but they 're fully committed to them anyway ? I mean , that 's what I tend to think , but it seems a bit startling to see the DSCC admitting this .
Meanwhile , they 're still gathering petition signatures for background checks and lashing out at Republican supporters of the 2nd Amendment . What a strange world we live in .
If Democrats want to admit that their gun control plans are merely facades , that 's fine with me . I think the evidence pretty clearly shows that gun violence is down nationally and stricter gun control will not reduce gun violence . So again , I 'm happy to have anti-gunners join the rest of us in reality , but perhaps we should all be a little disturbed by how long it 's taken them to get here .
Mobile-friendliness : This is the quality of the experience customers have when they 're browsing your site on their phones . To be mobile-friendly , your site should have tappable buttons , be easy to navigate from a small screen , and have the most important information up front and center .
Mobile speed : This is how long it takes your site to load on mobile devices . If customers are kept waiting for too long , they 'll move on to the next site .
Desktop speed : This is how long it takes your site to load on desktop computers . It 's not just the strength of your customers ' web connection that determines speed , but also the elements of your website .
Posted by Yong Su Kim , VP SMB Sales Americas
1 . Consumers in the Micro-Moment , Wave 3 , Google/Ipsos , U.S. , August 2015 , n=1291 online smartphone users 18+
2 . Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers , “ Internet Trends D11 Conference. ” May 2013
3 . Google internal data , for 10 countries including the U.S. and Japan , April 2015
4 . Google , Sterling Research and SmithGeiger , “ What Users Want Most From Mobile Sites Today. ” July 2012
T-Mobile is celebrating MLB opening week by giving customers a one-year subscription to MLB.TV Premium and MLB.com At Bat Premium , a $ 112.99 value .
The MLB services will be available on April 4 via the carrier 's T-Mobile Tuesdays app ( iOS , Android ) . You have until Wednesday , April 5 at 1:59 am PT to claim the freebie . Then make sure you officially sign up for MLB.TV Premium before April 11 at 1:59 am PT , download the MLB.com At Bat app , and `` start enjoying unlimited baseball games , '' T-Mobile said .
Next week , T-Mobile will also give baseball fans the chance to win $ 100 or $ 50 MasterCard gift cards and an all-expense-paid trip to MLB All-Star Week in Maimi , Fla. from July 9 to 12 . Also look for free Vudu baseball movie rentals , $ 2 Dunkin ' promo cards , and 30 percent off Groupon Local .
T-Mobile Tuesdays date back to June , when the carrier said it wanted to thank its customers each week with freebies . The first offer included a free medium two-topping Domino 's pizza , a small Wendy 's Frosty , a $ 5.50 credit for a Vudu digital movie rental , and a ticket to the movie Warcraft .
That Domino 's deal did n't quite go over as planned ( for Domino 's at least ) . The pizza chain was so inundated with orders that T-Mobile axed that particular perk . Free pizza returned in February with Papa John 's offering up free pies this time around .
Zeepin offers a new approach for the creative community
Zeepin Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 27 , 2017
What is Zeepin and how does it assist the development of innovative products and technologies ?
Based in SG，Zeepin ( www.zeepin.io ) is a company that has created a new model for the creative community , which includes more than 1.2 million designers and inventors worldwide . Having already developed one of the largest websites for crowdfunding new products and applications , Zeepin has taken this concept several steps further by establishing a “ decentralized innovation community . ”
In layman 's terms , this is a new type of transaction and investment platform for the global creative industry , an incubator for self-governing companies . The main difference is the use of a decentralized digital network for investments , payments and asset protection .
Using traditional platforms , communications and payments travel to a third party — such as a secure server or an online bank — en route to the recipient . Decentralization provides a more secure and more efficient ( i.e. , less expensive ) method for transacting business .
Zeepin can help designers make their dreams come true . A local designer recently shared an idea with Zeepin , which was able to connect him with a supplier . A short time later , his concept was commercialized , becoming a highly marketable product . Thus the designer and investor were able to reap substantial benefits by working with Zeepin 's distributed creative new economy .
As an ecosystem , Zeepin dApps provide various API data interfaces for community developers , such as :
ZeeCrew
Creators and designers can take advantage of Zeepin 's borderless , and decentralized , creative teams for assistance with their projects . ZeeCrew is an efficient and cost-effective way to set up a company .
ZeeRights
By using this blockchain copyright “ bureau ” and transaction market , investors can leverage ZeeRights to gain insights into the credibility and progress of crowdfunding projects , thus controlling risk .
ZeeCreate
As a decentralized design connection platform , ZeeCreate connects with ZPTs through the embedded smart contract , joining together creative concepts and people in need of creative ideas .
ZeeSure
This service provides copyright insurance for designers and investors .
ZeeFund
As a decentralized Kickstarter-type service , the ZeeFund crowdfunding interface is more open and effective than traditional models . Autonomous teams can quickly launch project crowdfunding on ZeeFund , and project parties can obtain investment support in the form of ZPTs , creating substantial ROI for investors .
Funding this project
The capital for running this new project will be provided by a pre-sale of Zeepin tokens ( ZPT ) for investors . It will begin January 18 at 4 p.m. ( UTC ) and end Jan.29 at 3:59 p.m. ( UTC ) .
The pre-sale has a soft cap of 240,000 NEO ( about $ 8.6 million ) and a token amount of 500 million .
The bottom line
The new Zeepin community has many advantages over traditional creative networks , providing smart work and creative life . Each organization or individual will have a reliable digital identity , turning innovative resources into digital assets that are protected and can be shared on the blockchain . It is the perfect marriage of smart economy and the creative industry .
For additional information or to contact Zeepin , visit www.zeepin.io .
Zeepin Team
Website : https : //www.zeepin.io/
Telegram：https : //t.me/zeepin
Twitter：https : //twitter.com/ZeepinChain
Facebook：https : //www.facebook.com/zeepinChain
Channel：https : //t.me/ZeepinNews
Reddit：https : //www.reddit.com/r/zeepin/
Maria H. ( ndm # 130 ) ( 2964 Posts A Disney blooded , crafty , fun-lovin ' wife/mom/organizer/planner , etc who is obsessed with all things Disney 🙂 Maria grew up with the Magic Kingdom and has loved watching WDW evolve into what it is today . A firm believer in the Power of Pixie Dust , she is the owner of The Disney Driven Life - A Community for Neurotic Disney People & a d.i.y . crafty blog , Carousel of Projects - create~inspire~share .
SOFIA UNLOCKS A SECRET WORLD AND BECOMES STORYKEEPER OF MAGICAL BOOKS IN “ SOFIA THE FIRST : THE SECRET LIBRARY , ” THE FIRST EPISODE OF A FOUR-PART STORY ARC , DEBUTING MONDAY , OCTOBER 12 ON DISNEY CHANNEL AND DISNEY JUNIOR
Merida from Disney•Pixar 's “ Brave ” Makes Special Appearance
Hugh Bonneville , Cary Elwes , Bonnie Hunt , Eric Stonestreet , Ruth Connell and Dean Norris Among Guest Voice Cast
Sofia 's Aunt Tilly returns to give her a gift that will unlock a secret world and appoint Sofia storykeeper of magical books in “ Sofia the First : The Secret Library , ” the first episode of a four-part story arc , debuting MONDAY , OCTOBER 12 on Disney Channel ( 9:00 a.m. , ET/PT ) and Disney Junior ( 7:00 p.m. , ET/PT ) . The episode features a special appearance by Merida from Disney•Pixar 's “ Brave. ” Bonnie Hunt ( “ Cars ” ) and Eric Stonestreet ( “ Modern Family ” ) reprise their roles as Aunt Tilly and Sofia 's flying horse , Minimus , respectively . Hugh Bonneville ( “ Downton Abbey ” ) lends his voice as the Narrator throughout the four-part Secret Library storyline . Additional guest stars include Cary Elwes ( “ The Princess Bride ” ) as nefarious Prince Roderick , Ruth Connell ( “ Supernatural ) as Merida and Dean Norris ( “ Breaking Bad ” ) as Minimus ' brother , Mazzimo .
On Tuesday , September 1 , Disney Publishing Worldwide releases the illustrated storybook and e-book Sofia the First : The Secret Library , which introduces the tale of how Sofia becomes storykeeper of magical books without endings and now , must pursue adventures that will finish the narratives . An accompanying app featuring three exclusive stories and play experiences will be released on Thursday , October 8 .
A full-length preview and game for “ Sofia the First : The Secret Library ” will debut on WATCHDisneyJunior.com and the WATCH Disney Junior app beginning Monday , October 5 .
Disney Junior 's “ Sofia the First ” is the all-time record holder for the top two cable TV telecasts for Kids 2-5 and TV 's # 1 series in Girls 2-5 . It tells the story of Princess Sofia , an ordinary girl who becomes a princess and , throughout her journey , learns that possessing the characteristics of a true princess – honesty , loyalty , compassion and grace – is what makes one truly royal . The series stars the voices of Ariel Winter as Sofia ; Sara Ramirez as Queen Miranda ; Wayne Brady as Clover ; and Tim Gunn as Baileywick .
“ Sofia the First ” was developed by Craig Gerber and is directed by Jamie Mitchell . Gerber and Mitchell both serve as executive producers . Emmy Award winners John Kavanaugh and Kevin Kliesch are the series ' songwriter/music director and composer , respectively . “ Sofia the First ” is a production of Disney Television Animation .
`` We believe we can finish third . '' Those were the confident words of Inter 's Gary Medel as told to the Inter Channel . The use of `` we '' rather than `` I '' was encouraging , as was the language he used throughout the interview . Medel focused on the group 's spirit , the belief in coach Roberto Mancini and a togetherness that seems to have navigated the team through some tough times in 2016 . Coming off the back of wins against Juventus in the Coppa Italia and Palermo in Serie A , the Nerazzurri are brimming with confidence , but they have a tough task ahead in facing a well-drilled Bologna side , while still trying to fine tune their own team .
Bologna have been impressive this term ; drawing with Juventus and Roma and beating the likes of Milan and Napoli . They have proved themselves to be extremely competent in their approach and execution . The team from Emilia Romagna have taken huge steps since Roberto Donadoni took charge last October and goalless draws in their last three games show that they are tough to break down and incredibly resolute .
This does not mean that they can not score goals , however , and one man in particular who has been galvanised under the new coach is former Inter youth player Mattia Destro . His start at the club was uninspiring , but soon as it became evident that this young but seasoned forward had all the attributes to make himself dangerous in the division , Donadoni needed only to look at Destro 's time at Siena or Roma to know that he had a potent threat . Despite the fact that Destro has not scored against his former club , Inter will have to be wary as he is chasing his 50th Serie A goal .
The Milanese themselves , according to Italy 's Gazzetta dello Sport , will look to start the game with a different formation once again in a 4-3-2-1 , which is arguably a risk . Despite the win against Juventus in the Coppa , in which the Old Lady were not at full strength , and Palermo , who are in appalling form , Inter have been poor since the turn of the year . Some of their best displays have come when Marcelo Brozovic , Geoffrey Kondogbia and Medel have all started together , although with this 4-3-2-1 , it seems that one of them , perhaps the Croatian , will be sacrificed .
Wins in their last two matches have Interred feeling better about their Champions League prospects .
Whether it is Mancini 's record against Donadoni -- two wins and three draws -- or inter 's newfound belief , it seems like the team will be much more offensive . Ivan Perisic and Adem Ljajic on either flank both seem to be coming into form , as does Mauro Icardi , who has altered his game slightly and has been making more intelligent runs to come and pick up the ball .
Rodrigo Palacio is perhaps the surprise package in recent weeks , as he has played his way into contention with a string of good displays . He has altered his game somewhat and while he has always been a thoughtful and technical player , he has leaned on this more in recent weeks , as he no longer can rely on his legs to allow him to play at his industrious best . Whether he is better as an impact substitute is up for debate , but Mancini 's choice to consider starting him behind Icardi in the `` trequartista '' position would be thoroughly justified it was n't for one thing : Eder .
Inter 's winter purchase from Sampdoria may not have broken his duck yet for the Nerazzurri , but his quality and potential to link up with Icardi has been evident . His movement , understanding of the various roles asked of him and his incessant harrying of defenders has been impressive to say the least . For the Genoese outfit he had 12 goals and two assists in 19 Serie A appearances -- and that was for a team that were floundering . The opportunity to play Eder in a position where he does not have to worry about scoring would enable him to supply Icardi . The lack of pressure should help Eder and the results could be very positive for the Nerazzurri moving forward .
Medel 's confidence in the team seems to be mirrored by his coach 's proposed formation and team selection . The balance , however , is a tough one and will test the mettle of Mancini . Balance and confidence are a tough mix whether in midfield or in attack , especially when the opposition is resolute and dangerous . Many are looking to the upcoming match against Roma to be the standard bearer for Inter 's Champions League credentials , but this will be irrelevant should they slip against Bologna .
Richard Hall is an Italian football writer contributing to ESPN , The Guardian , Daily Mail , IBWM and Football Italia . Follow him on Twitter @ Gentleman_Ultra .
< p > A Russian mission to the Martian moon Phobos , launching in 2020 , would return samples from Phobos that contain bits and pieces of Mars itself . A new study calculates how much Martian material is on the surface of Phobos and how deep it is likely to go. < /p >
PROVIDENCE , R.I. [ Brown University ] — A planned mission to return a sample from the Martian moon Phobos will likely be a twofer , according to a study by Brown University geologists .
The study helps to confirm the idea that the surface of Phobos contains tons of dust , soil , and rock blown off the Martian surface by large projectile impacts . Phobos ' orbital path plows through occasional plumes of Martian debris , meaning the tiny moon has been gathering Martian castoffs for millions of years . That means a sample-return mission planned by the Russian space agency could sample two celestial bodies for the price of one .
“ The mission is scheduled to be flown early in the next decade , so the question is not academic , ” said James Head , professor of geological sciences and an author on the study . “ This work shows that samples from Mars can indeed be found in the soil of Phobos , and how their concentration might change with depth . That will be critical in the design of the drills other equipment . ”
The research appears in the latest issue of Planetary and Space Science .
The Russian mission will be the space agency 's second attempt to return a sample from Phobos . Head was a participating scientist on the first try , which launched in 2011 , but an engine failure felled the spacecraft before it could leave Earth orbit . The next attempt is scheduled to launch in 2020 or shortly thereafter .
This new research grew out of preparation for the original mission , which would still be en route to Phobos had it not encountered problems . Scientists had long assumed Phobos likely contained Martian bits , but Russian mission planners wanted to know just how much might be there and where it might be found . They turned to Head and Ken Ramsley , a visiting researcher in Brown 's planetary geosciences group .
To answer those questions , Ramsley and Head started with a model based on our own Moon to estimate how much of Phobos ' regolith ( loose rock and dust on the surface ) would come from projectiles . They then used gravitational and orbital data to determine what proportion of that projectile material came from Mars .
“ When an impactor hits Mars , only a certain of proportion of ejecta will have enough velocity to reach the altitude of Phobos , and Phobos ' orbital path intersects only a certain proportion of that , ” Ramsley said . “ So we can crunch those numbers and find out what proportion of material on the surface of Phobos comes from Mars . ”
According to those calculations , the regolith on Phobos should contain Martian material at a rate of about 250 parts per million . The Martian bits should be distributed fairly evenly across the surface , mostly in the upper layers of regolith , the researchers showed .
“ Only recently — in the last several 100 million years or so — has Phobos orbited so close to Mars , ” Ramsley said . “ In the distant past it orbited much higher up . So that 's why you 're going to see probably 10 to 100 times higher concentration in the upper regolith as opposed to deeper down . ”
And while 250 parts per million does n't sound like a lot , the possibility of returning even a little Martian material to Earth gets planetary scientists excited . It 's a nice bonus for a mission primarily aimed at learning more about Phobos , a mysterious little rock in its own right .
Scientists are still not sure where it came from . Is it a chunk of Mars that was knocked off by an impact early in Martian history , or is it an asteroid snared in Mars 's orbit ? There are also questions about whether its interior might hold significant amounts of water .
“ Phobos has really low density , ” Head said . “ Is that low density due to ice in its interior or is it due to Phobos being completely fragmented , like a loose rubble pile ? We do n't know . ”
If all goes well , the upcoming Russian mission will help solve some of those mysteries about Phobos . And we might learn a good deal about Mars in the process .
Jeena 's final words :
Well , we did it . After years of talking about it , we finally did it and now it 's over . It was so much fun and I ca n't believe how lucky we were to have been able to do this ! At first , we thought we 'd need a theme or some sort of goal . We did create some along the way , like visiting National Parks and getting stamps in our passport book or geocaching but I do n't think we really needed a goal . It helped us plan a route , though . But there 's nothing like just driving or riding around the country in a small space with your favorite beings . My favorite parts of the trip were when we visited family or friends we would n't normally have seen in a given year and how excited everyone was for us . We had a lot of support and cheering which made the rare bouts of homesickness not so bad . I 'm going to miss the variety of landscapes across the USA , the volatile weather or earth events that we experienced and just being out and about away from home . While we 're sad the trip is over , we are eager to be back among our friends and get back into the routine that we were so desperate to separate ourselves from . But we do have a running list of places we 'd like to revisit . Good job , America ! You have our interest .
Shane 's final words :
Our big RV trip that we 've been talking about for years is finally over . I 'm so glad we did it . We talked about it forever so it 's nice to have followed through for once . The places we saw were amazing and being able to share those places with Jeena made them even more special . I had big plans for this trip – I wanted to not only see the country , but read more , draw more , get in shape , have whiter teeth , and grow more hair . None of these things happened , I came back the same person I was before . Which I guess is n't the worst thing . We 've been back almost a week , and the trip already seems like a lifetime ago . Being on the road affords you time to slow down , take it easy , and calm not only the voices in your head , but those around you . Now that we 've been back it 's been non stop . We 've been moving stuff into our new apartment , and the first weekend back I did a 24-hour improv marathon for charity . Needless to say I 'm exhausted . Eventually things will slow down , and we will find our groove again . I 'm sad we are n't traveling anymore , but it is good to get back to friends , and start fresh on some goals I 've been sitting on for the past 37 years . We were really lucky to get to do this trip . Thanks to everyone who supported us , and followed us in our adventure !
Tonka 's final words :
It 's good to be back . Now feed me !
TRIP Stats !
Months on the road : 4+
Total Miles Driven : 11,000+
Total Amount spent on Gas : $ 5000+
Total amount spent on rental cars : $ 3000+
We chose to do this to not deal with making our car towable ( $ ) and the hassle of dealing with a tow dolly .
Places stayed : 50
States visited : 48
National Parks/Places Visited : 25+
Number of reality show casting agents that contacted us to be on a show , but whose email we did n't see until a month later : 1
Twomerang will go on a much-needed vacation/hiatus but will return with future adventures ! So do n't delete/unbookmark/unfriend us ! Until next time , happy travels !
Update : Poor Mitt Romney 's just never Mormon enough for an election year . Though Trump retaliated immediately after Mitt Romney called him “ a phony , a fraud ” earlier this month , Trump took another shot at the former GOP presidential candidate at a rally in Salt Lake City , Utah on Friday , asking the crowd , “ Are you sure he 's a Mormon ? Are we sure ? ”
Responding to Trump rhetoric may be like feeding a Gremlin after midnight , but we at RD were lucky to have the following in the archives from the 2012 election season . — eds
Earlier this week , Florida evangelical Christian leader John Stemberger endorsed Rick Perry 's campaign for GOP presidential nominee . According to Stemberger , Perry was more “ trustworthy ” on social conservation issues like abortion rights .
On Romney , Stemberger said : “ The issue not that he is a Mormon . The issue is that he was n't Mormon enough . If he had been consistent with traditional Mormon values his whole career , that would make me feel a lot more comfortable about where he 's coming from . ”
Mitt Romney . Not Mormon enough . Yeah . Right .
Stemberger 's ludicrous assessment of Mitt Romney 's Mormonism inspired an eighteen-hour-stream of “ Mitt Romney is so Mormon jokes ” on Twitter at @ askmormongirl . I 'm reprinting the best here , with thanks to the comic geniuses of the Mormon Twitternacle , especially Matt Workman— @ matthewworkman—and Jerilyn Pool— @ auntmarvel . ”
( Just a note : for some of these , you may have to be Mormon to understand . )
So , how Mormon is Mitt Romney ?
Mitt is so Mormon he 's related to the other Mormon presidential candidate and half of his own campaign volunteers as well .
Mitt is so Mormon his campaign bus is a pioneer handcart .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd call 19-year-old boys to serve as US ambassadors .
Mitt is so Mormon his Israel policy will be centered on Jackson County , Missouri .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll make the income tax a flat 10 % and collect fast offerings to fund Medicaid .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll ask the Senate to “ sustain ” his appointees by manifesting with an upraised hand .
Mitt is so Mormon he does n't do Pilates , he does golden Pilates .
Mitt is so Mormon that his campaign “ oppo ” team has done all the other candidates ' genealogy .
Mitt is so Mormon he 's organizing his precinct walkers in pairs to knock doors with a very special message .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd make the Book of Mormon required reading at the Bureau of Indian Affairs .
Mitt is so Mormon , that if he 's elected the “ First Lady ” will be known as the “ First Wife . ”
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll choke up and weep during his inaugural address . And then say , “ I told myself I was n't going to cry . ”
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd commission a presidential motorcade built entirely of 10-passenger family vans .
Mitt is so Mormon , he will actually hang the Constitution up by a thread , just so he can save it .
Mitt Romney is so Mormon that he 's afraid to join the Tea Party because of Doctrine & Covenants 89 .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll start the State of the Union with the words : “ I was n't going to get up , but the Spirit just carried me up here . ”
Mitt is so Mormon his campaign biography begins , “ I , Willard , having been born of goodly parents . ”
Mitt is so Mormon , he will ask members of Congress to go home and pray about his economic plan .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd ask the Elders Quorum to move him into the White House .
Mitt Romney is so Mormon that his first act will be to make July 24 a national holiday .
Mitt is so Mormon , he asks donors to stack chairs after fundraising dinners .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll award Ty Detmer , Steve Young , and Jimmer Fredette Congressional Medal of Honor .
Mitt is so Mormon he refers to expatriates as “ apostates ” and non-US citizens as “ Gentiles . ”
Mitt is so Mormon that his campaign slogan is “ What do you know about Mitt Romney ? Would you like to know more ? ”
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll reroute the Freedom Trail through Palmyra , New York , Nauvoo , Illinois , and Winter Quarters , Iowa .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll rename the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms the Word of Wisdom squad .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd do an ad for the LDS Church : “ I 'm a husband , father , and leader of the free world . And I 'm a Mormon . ”
Mitt is so Mormon he is n't as concerned about getting American youth jobs as he is about getting them married .
Mitt Romney is so Mormon he tried to convince CNN to let him bring a visual aid to the debate so he could turn it into an object lesson .
Mitt is so Mormon that he refers to Congress as “ The Great and Spacious Building . ”
Mitt is so Mormon that out of “ concern for the one ” he 'll invite Kim Jong-Il to join the fold .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll end every address with “ hope you all get home without any harm or accidents . ”
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll assign a friend to every new member of Congress .
Mitt is so Mormon he 's already picked out a room in the White House for his year 's supply of wheat and beans , and he 'll require the White House Chef to rotate the food storage .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll replace the Secret Service with the Danites .
Mitt is so Mormon his Secret Service codename will be Mahonri Moriancumr .
Mitt is so Mormon he thinks Harvard is the BYU of the east .
Mitt is so Mormon he thought the debt ceiling was something that could only happen in a temple .
Mitt is so Mormon , he does n't campaign : he “ fellowships . ”
Mitt is so Mormon that he 's installing two basketball hoops at the inaugural ball so there 's a place to hang decorations .
Mitt is so Mormon that he 'll change the name of “ Cabinet Meeting ” to “ Correlation Meeting . ”
Mitt is so Mormon that if he got elected all of the White House Pyrex 9×13 pans would have a piece of masking tape on them with his name written in Sharpie .
Mitt is so Mormon , he has four cats named 1 Nephi , 2 Nephi , 3 Nephi and 4 Nephi . ( 4 Nephi is the small one . )
Mitt is so Mormon that late last night he snuck out to put 5000 plastic forks in the lawn of Jon Huntsman . And after that , he heart attacked Rick Perry .
Mitt is so Mormon that he 's going to rename the 101st Airborne as “ The Stripling Warriors . ”
Mitt is so Mormon , he wo n't deport illegal aliens , he 'll just disfellowship them .
Mitt is so Mormon , he 'll rename FEMA the Federal Relief Society .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'll start his acceptance speech with “ I never said it would be easy , I only said it would be worth it . ”
Mitt is so Mormon that if elected he 'll require every state to have an Official Casserole .
Mitt is so Mormon that the Marine Band will play “ Praise to the Man ” when he enters a room .
Mitt is so Mormon that he 'll appoint Lavell Edwards head of the Department of Defense .
Mitt is so Mormon he wo n't allow advisers wearing non-white dress shirts to participate in cabinet meetings .
Mitt is so Mormon that he 'll rename the weekly presidential address “ Politics and the Spoken Word . ”
Mitt is so Mormon that his cabinet would consist entirely of unqualified volunteers .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd outsource the department of education to the Boy Scouts .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd convene a linger-longer after cabinet meetings .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd hang a copy of the Proclamation on the Family and a picture of the Washington , D.C. LDS temple in the White House .
Mitt is so Mormon he has volunteers combing through old GOP voter rolls for fewer actives he can reactivate .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd commission a Mod Bod undershirt to be engraved under the sleeveless dress of the Statue of Liberty .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd put everyone in his stake on the inauguration invite list . Just because .
Mitt is so Mormon he 'd ask the Chief Justice to use a quad at his inauguration .
Mitt is so Mormon , he will add the phrases “ every fiber of my being ” and “ beyond a shadow of a doubt ” to the presidential oath of office .
Mitt Romney is so Mormon he 'd plan a youth dance festival for his first 4th of July in office .
“ No democracy ” , Franklin Roosevelt once said , “ can long survive which does not accept as fundamental to its very existence the recognition of the rights of minorities . ”
The preservation of distinctive identities strengthens the nation . The visionary framers of our constitution fully understood this fundamental principle of nation building and thus , even Vallabhbhai Patel explicitly said in the constituent assembly : “ Our mission is to satisfy every interest and safeguard the interests of all the minorities to their satisfaction ” .
Similarly , G.B . Pant , while moving the resolution to set up an advisory committee on fundamental rights and the rights of minorities , stated that “ the satisfactory solution of questions pertaining to minorities will ensure the health , vitality and strength of the free state of India…now it is necessary that a new chapter should start and we should all realise our responsibility . Unless the minorities are fully satisfied , we can not make progress ; we can not even maintain peace in an undisturbed manner ” .
This broad and liberal vision led to the inclusion of Articles 29 and 30 in the constitution . These provisions , thus , should not be considered as mere exemptions from regulatory control or as clauses promoting identity-based privileges . They are an integral part of the sacred constitutional pact which the democratic state has made with its minorities .
The right to equality in itself was considered insufficient as ‘ equality in law ' precludes discrimination of any kind but ‘ equality in fact ' may involve the necessity of differential treatment in order to attain a result which establishes an equilibrium between different situations . It is easy to imagine cases in which equality of treatment of the majority and the minority , whose situations and needs are different , would result in gross inequality . The authors of the constitution recognised that India needed ‘ substantive equality ' and thus they made provisions for reservation in favour of weaker sections and special rights for the minorities .
Moreover , individualistic rights on their own do not really lead to the preservation of communities and therefore , special group rights have to be given to the minorities . Article 29 ( 1 ) lays down that “ any section of the citizens ( original expression was minorities ) residing in the territory of India or any part thereof having a distinct language , script or culture of its own shall have the right to conserve the same ” . Thus , we recognise that different groups have distinct cultures of their own which they want to preserve . An individual 's right to community does not necessarily ensure that such communities will also be permitted to exist and flourish . Individual rights would be of no use if the community to which that individual belongs is vulnerable to hate , contempt , ridicule and now even physical injury at the hands of vigilante groups . The individual may have never been subjected to any kind of discrimination personally . But such an individual can not enjoy self-respect if the constituent group to which she or he belongs is not duly respected .
As a matter of fact , even an individual 's right to live with human dignity ( Article 21 ) would be seriously undermined if his/her cultural community is marked off in perverse ways . An individual 's life , dignity , and self-respect require , as a precondition , that his/her constituent group is also respected and not made the object of systematic targeting , hatred , discrimination or stereotyping . This will require creating spaces where the language , traditions and culture of those communities can flourish . Since state institutions can not themselves promote any particular religion , language , script or culture , we need minority educational institutions . But we must remember that even Hindus have religious minority status in a few states and are fully entitled to all the privileges as linguistic minorities in the remaining states . The on-going controversy in the apex court about the minority status of Hindus in Kashmir is meaningless as the Supreme Court , in N. Ammad , has already said that the existence of a minority is a matter of fact which does not require approval by the state .
Special rights of minorities give vitality not only to secularism but also to democracy . The idea of special rights for minorities is not new and dates back to the 19th century . Article 19 of the Austrian Constitutional Law ( 1867 ) acknowledged that ethnic minorities have an absolute right to maintain and develop their nationality and their languages . Similar provisions existed in Hungary 's Act XLIV of 1868 , and in the constitution of the Swiss Confederation of 1874 . Minority rights were included after World War I in the five peace treaties that were negotiated between the Allied and Associated powers on one hand , and Poland , Czechoslovakia , Romania , Greece and Yugoslavia on the other . Special provisions for minorities were incorporated in treaties with Bulgaria , Hungary , Austria and Turkey . Albania , Finland and Iraq too declared that they would protect their minorities . The admission of east European countries into the League of Nations was made subject to the grant of minority rights . Minority groups were given the right to establish , manage and control charitable , religious , educational and social institutions , and the right to use their own language and religion freely . Complaints against any transgression of the provisions of the treaty could be brought to the Permanent Court of International Justice .
Similarly , Article 30 of our constitution gives minorities the right to establish and administer educational institutions of their choice . Non-minorities too have a similar right under Article 19 . In fact , in the T.M.A . Pai case , an 11-judge bench of the apex court had held that unaided private institutions will have maximum autonomy . As far as higher education is concerned , while it is true that it is over regulated , it is not a hundred percent correct to say that the minority tag is a prized regulatory possession . For minorities , particularly Muslims , neither establishing nor administering educational institutions is a cakewalk due to prejudices and the hostile attitude of regulators and state officials .
Private , unaided universities like Amity , Bennett or Ashoka are not at too much of a disadvantage . Like minority institutions , they too are exempt from the SC/ST/OBC reservations . Like minority universities , these non-minority universities too have the freedom to admit students of their choice , select their own governing bodies , have disciplinary control over their staff and fix their fees . In fact , unlike Aligarh Muslim University ( AMU ) and Jamia Millia Islamia ( JMI ) , most non-minority private universities follow the rule of ‘ hire and fire ' and teachers have neither the security of tenure nor the right to natural justice and procedural fairness .
Even though the apex court in the Kerala Education Bill and in subsequent decisions including T.M.A . Pai held that the “ real import of Article 29 ( 2 ) and Article 30 ( 1 ) seems to us to be that they clearly contemplate a minority institution with a sprinkling of outsiders into it ” , yet AMU proposed only 50 % reservation for Muslims ( which was implemented only once in 2005 ) . JMI also has a similar reservation policy since 2011 . It is the state which has the right to approve the quantum of reservation .
In fact , universities like AMU and JMI hardly have any substantial autonomy as they receive funds from the government . While the president of India can nullify any decision of these universities , he has no such power in respect of private universities and universities established under Section 3 of the University Grants Commission ( UGC ) Act . All their statutes and ordinances too need presidential approval and are laid before the parliament . All Ministry of Human Resource Development ( MHRD ) and UGC regulations are applicable to them in terms of qualification of teachers , their pay scales and promotion and rule of departmental enquiries . All their accounts are audited by the comptroller and auditor general ( CAG ) .
It is shocking to note that on one hand , we want minority universities to have the same governing structure and governmental supervision which non-minority institutions have but on the other , once they agree to adopt similar structure and control , we deny them their minority character . In AMU 's case , on this very basis , the Supreme Court denied the institution its minority character . Minority communities accept governmental supervision so that their institutions are efficiently run . The denial of the minority character on highly technical grounds and in total disregard to their origin and history is deeply frustrating .
No educational institution has a right to get government aid . But under Article 30 ( 2 ) , the state , in granting aid , can not discriminate against minority institutions . In Kerala Education Bill itself , the Supreme Court had said that most minority institutions can not survive without governmental aid . The court has consistently maintained that the receipt of governmental aid does not mean the surrender of minority character . Minorities invest their resources , properties and time and then educate 50 % non-minorities in their institutions , yet we have problems with these institutions which are playing a major role in uplifting minorities .
Most educational institutions established by minorities do not even get clearance from their respective state governments . Since state governments have been refusing to recognise them as minority institutions , parliament has established a quasi-judicial body in the form of the National Commission on Minority Educational Institutions . After the T.M.A . Pai and Islamic Academy decisions , states have also created bodies which monitor the transparency and fairness in admissions and fees of minority institutions . National Eligibility and Entrance Test ( NEET ) and common counselling have now virtually taken away the minority institutions ' right to admit students of their choice .
The real issue is the maladministration of minority institutions . The Supreme Court has rightly held that the ‘ right to administer ' does not include the ‘ right to maladminister . ' Many private unaided minority institutions are in a mess and their management behaves in an arbitrary way . They even sell minority seats to non-minority candidates . These institutions are beyond the reach of poorer sections of minority groups . If we sincerely believe in the slogan of sabka saath , sabka vikas , not only must we recognise the minority character of AMU and JMI but also establish similar institutions as the Muslim community does not have the means to pay for unaided private minority institutions .
Faizan Mustafa is the Vice-Chancellor of NALSAR University of Law , Hyderabad .
Steve Nix , former id Software executive and previous CEO of Yvolver , said he has started a new Dallas-based virtual reality development studio , ForwardXP .
“ We are creating interactive content for virtual reality , augmented reality and mixed reality , ” he wrote in a post on Facebook . “ The focus will be more on experiences , which is what the ‘ XP ' part of our name stands for . ”
Nix was most recently general manager of VR and interactive at ReelFX . Before that , he was CEO of Yvolver , a mobile player engagement platform that was acquired by Opera Mediaworks in August 2015 .
“ VR headsets are finally starting to arrive in quantity , and AR/MR will be the next major wave and eventually even larger than VR , ” Nix said . “ Our mission at ForwardXP is to build content that ultimately reaches the billions of users across these emerging devices , and not just the millions who have experienced some form of VR/AR to date . ”
He added , “ While focused on experiences , we strongly believe that the interactive process and design philosophies we have learned over decades in game development are critical to reach these goals . Interfaces will need to be effortless , content will be connected and social , and we need to solve for experiences that any user will want to return to daily . We want to build content that improves lives . ”
In addition to its longer-term prototype projects , ForwardXP will be developing content with other partners . And it will be working with emerging indie developers to use its development , publishing , and marketing experience to bring their content to market .
This post by Dean Takahashi originally appeared on VentureBeat .
Tagged with : id
× Lawmakers leaving legislature , special elections now needed
HARTFORD — A veteran state rep. and two state senators are leaving the legislature .
Democratic Rep. Steve Dargan of West Haven is stepping down to take a job with the Board of Pardons and Paroles , and Republican Senator Rob Kane of Watertown wo n't take the oath of office Wednesday , because he 's accepted a job as the Republican State Auditor . In addition , Democratic Senator Eric Coleman of Bloomfield is resigning .
After receiving a letter of resignation from a member of the general assembly , the state 's Elections Division transmit it to Governor Dannel P. Malloy , usually within a day or two .
Malloy has ten days from receipt of the letter to issue a writ of special election . The special election occurs 46 days after the governor issues his writ , so the exact date of the special election wo n't be known until he decides when to issue the writ .
Syracuse , NY -- Hackers affiliated with the group “ Anonymous ” hacked the police website in Syracuse and in Salt Lake City and Texas , according to Syracuse police .
The Syracuse public information website was hacked , but that did not include police reports or other sensitive information , said Sgt . Tom Connellan .
The website , www.syracusepolice.org , will likely be shut down for a few days , Connellan said .
Syracuse police department names and apparent passwords were posted Wednesday to sites where hackers often post snippets of code .
The hackers cited the Syracuse police department 's knowledge of the Bernie Fine case , as well as the case of former Auburn police officer Brian Hutchings , a convicted felon who is suing the city of Auburn for back pay and pension . The Hutchings case is not related to the Syracuse Police Department in any way .
Connellan stressed the hacked website was maintained by a third-party web host and was not linked to departmental records .
In Salt Lake City , hackers who broke into the police department website compromised more information that originally thought , police said Wednesday .
Hackers said they attacked the police website because to protest an anti-graffiti paraphernalia bill in the state senate , authorities said . Salt Lake City police spokesman Shawn Josephson initially said the site was not linked to information in police reports or other confidential documents , but all employees working at the police station were urged to change their passwords as a precaution .
“ We have learned that citizen complaints regarding drug crimes in the community were also accessed . These forms included phone numbers , addresses , email addresses , other personal information , and details about suspicious activity from a variety of sources , ” a news release stated .
The hackers also attacked Texas police agencies , especially in the Fort Worth area .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Toyota to Display New Map Generation System at CES 2016
December 22 , 2015
Toyota City , Japan , Dec. 22 , 2015 -- To aid the safe implementation of automated driving , Toyota is developing a high-precision map generation system that will use data from on-board cameras and GPS devices installed in production vehicles . The new system will go on display at CES ( Consumer Electronics Show ) 2016 in Las Vegas , which will run from January 6 through 9 .
Toyota 's new system uses camera-equipped production vehicles to gather road images and vehicle positional information . This information is sent to data centers , where it is automatically pieced together , corrected and updated to generate high precision road maps that cover a wide area .
An understanding of road layouts and traffic rules ( including speed limits and various road signs ) is essential for the successful implementation of automated driving technologies . Additionally , high precision measurement of positional information requires the collection of information on dividing lines , curbs , and other road characteristics .
Until now , map data for automated driving purposes has been generated using specially-built vehicles equipped with three-dimensional laser scanners . The vehicles are driven through urban areas and on highways , and data is collected and manually edited to incorporate information such as dividing lines and road signs . Due to the infrequent nature of data collection , maps generated in this manner are seldom updated , limiting their usefulness . Additionally , this represents a relatively cost-intensive method of gathering data , due to the need to manually input specific types of data .
Toyota 's newly developed system uses automated cloud-based spatial information generation technology ( developed by Toyota Central R & D Labs. , Inc. ) to generate high precision road image data from the databanks and GPS devices of designated user vehicles . While a system relying on cameras and GPS in this manner has a higher probability of error than a system using three-dimensional laser scanners , positional errors can be mitigated using image matching technologies that integrate and correct road image data collected from multiple vehicles , as well as high precision trajectory estimation technologies . This restricts the system 's margin error to a maximum of 5 cm on straight roads . By utilizing production vehicles and existing infrastructure to collect information , this data can be updated in real time . Furthermore , the system can be implemented and scaled up at a relatively low cost .
To support the spread of automated driving technologies , Toyota plans to include this system as a core element in automated driving vehicles that will be made available in production vehicles by around 2020 . While initial use of the system is expected to be limited to expressways , future development goals include expanding functionality to cover ordinary roads and assist in hazard avoidance . Toyota will also seek to collaborate with mapmakers , with the goal of encouraging the use of high precision map data in services offered by both the public and private sectors .
In October 2015 , Toyota introduced the Mobility Teammate Concept , which is part of the company 's approach to embracing automated driving technologies while keeping fun at the center of the driving experience . To that end , the Mobility Teammate Concept envisages a driver-car relationship based on a shared purpose ? somewhat like a relationship between close friends who alternately watch over each other and help each other out . Toyota will continue to develop of technologies that aid the spread of automated driving technologies , with the aim of realizing a society where mobility is synonymous with safety , efficiency , and freedom .
It seems that in a recession there 's still something we can do for free and we 're doing it with gusto . Sex is the buzz word of the moment .
It seems that in a recession there 's still something we can do for free and we 're doing it with gusto . Sex is the buzz word of the moment .
We may be broke , but at least we 're having more sex than ever before !
Last month America released its most in-depth sexual study in almost 20 years . The probe ( ahem ) into the nation 's bedroom antics resulted in a detailed 130-page study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine . But stripped back to its basic findings the news is that the Americans are having more sex , more adventurous sex and more sex later in life than ever before .
Not to be left behind , Ireland looks to be following suit . Last week , Durex published its survey that revealed the majority of Irish men and women aged between 25-34 have sex an average of three or four times a week . We 're not lagging behind in sauciness either . The US survey identified five main sex acts and reported that 16 % of women aged 18-24 had engaged in at least four the last time they got down to business .
Not to be outdone , Durex 's Irish respondents confessed to being equally if not more sexually adventurous . At least 44 % of us are talking about sexual fantasies with our partners , 40 % are watching porn together and almost 20 % are either getting down to role-play or spanking behind closed doors .
Around 9 % are indulging in bondage , 25 % love phone sex and 10 % have tried their hand at making a naughty home movie . Threesomes are also a regular event for 11 % of the more than 1,000 respondents .
`` The results from our sex surveys show that as a nation , we 're more liberated than ever and not afraid to try new things in , and out , of the bedroom , '' says Miriam Abel , Durex Brand Manager for Ireland . `` Not only are we having more sex , it 's better quality too , we know what we want and we enjoy enhancing our sex lives . ''
Journalist Simon ( 37 ) , from Dublin says sex is an important de-stresser for him . `` I 'd probably have sex with my girlfriend about three times a week , '' he says . `` After a hard day at work there 's nothing better to get rid of the day 's anxieties . Sometimes it 's long and sensual , other times it 's a bit more wham , bam , thank you ma'am -- but it 's always great ! ''
A year ago , 55-year-old Dublin divorcee Claire realised young men were a real turn-on for her . She says : `` I met a young man in the bar and it was n't long before we ended up in bed . I nearly died when he told me he was 28 but we went on to have fantastic sex and it gave me a new-found confidence . Now I would not even look at a man my age . ''
Backing up the notion that people are keen to keep things exciting in the bedroom is the fact that the sex industry is one of the only sectors that has n't been hit by the plummeting economy .
According to kinkydevil.ie , Ireland 's biggest online adult store , business is growing by around 10 % every year with the Irish market worth about two to three million euro annually . A spokesperson for the website says : `` I 'd have to say that Ireland is one of the kinkiest places in Europe if not the world . Per capita there are a higher number of sales of sex toys and clothing than in many other parts of the western world . In particular the Irish love their costumes , latex wear and slap and ticklers . ''
One of the most interesting , and cheering , findings of both the American and Irish sex studies is that It 's not just the youngsters getting up to shenanigans .
According to the Durex study , the over-55s are having sex at least once a week , and 73 % of the respondents are convinced sex just gets better with age .
Joan ( 62 ) from Waterford says that her healthy sexual appetite keeps her active . She says : `` I may be old but I am not past it and I still enjoy a good hour-long session -- longer if the man can last ! ''
She adds : `` Sex makes me feel like a young woman . My birth certificate says my age but my mind thinks it 's something completely different . ''
Joan is also one of a growing number of men and women over 50 signing up to sites like irishswingers.ie . She says : `` I had my first threesome in July this year with two guys who I spent a week with in a caravan and I can tell you it was pretty hot . It had been a while since I have had sex nearly every night but I have to say it was something I had always wanted to do . ''
According to the site 's administrator Philip Patrick many of the couples looking to broaden their sexual horizons are older . `` Attitudes to age have changed -- 50 is the 30 , '' he says .
`` I 've been surprised by how many more mature men and women are looking to get involved in swinging . I think it 's when the children have flown the coop and the couple want to spice up their sex life but after so many years together there 's nothing new to discover . The couple still love each other , but want to try something new and exciting together . ''
A negative side effect is that STIs in the over 50s are rising fast . According to the Family Planning Association , a lot of older people do n't think that safe sex applies to them , whether it 's because they 've passed menopause or are coming out of a long-term relationship where condom use was never an issue .
A campaign launched earlier this year sought to drive home the message : `` STIs do n't care about greying hair or a few wrinkles . If you 're having unprotected sex , an STI will find you just as attractive whatever your age . ''
Irish Independent
Callum Wilson helped Bournemouth break their two-match scoreless streak in dramatic fashion – the 23-year-old Englishman produced a hat trick en route to a 4-3 away victory over West Ham and jumps several places into our Top 10 this week . Wilson is joined by a couple of new faces this week as well , come see who 's cracked the list in this week 's Power Rankings !
1 - Sergio Aguero - Manchester City , 13.2m
Upcoming Fixtures : WAT , @ cry , WHU , @ tot , NEW , BOU
Despite being shut out against Everton , Sergio Aguero still managed two shots on target and created another chance in the box for City . The sheer number of Everton bodies in Aguero 's vicinity while City were attacking created plenty of opportunities elsewhere , as eight separate City players attempted shots during the match ; teams will soon realize that keying on Aguero is not an effective strategy because A ) City have too many weapons , and B ) Aguero is so good that he can even find ways to score despite being marked by multiple defenders . With City 's upcoming schedule as weak as it is , Aguero and the rest of the City attack should run wild in the coming Gameweeks .
2 - Bafetimbi Gomis - Swansea , 7.3m
Upcoming Fixtures : MUN , @ wat , EVE , @ sou , TOT , STO
Gomis is in top form after notching three goals in three matches . He will be tested at home this weekend against a tough Manchester United defense , but this is also the first time United face an attack with this many options out of the midfield and forward positions . Swansea also have four home fixtures in their next six , and the schedule softens a bit after the United fixture . Gomis has gone up 0.3m since opening day , and should he continue to produce against a United defense we could see him jump to 7.5m by Gameweek 5 .
3 - Christian Benteke - Liverpool , 8.5m
Upcoming Fixtures : WHU , @ mun , NOR , AVL , @ eve , @ tot
Liverpool forward Christian Benteke continues to showcase his abilities as a dual threat , attempting 4 shots and creating 2 chances against Arsenal on Monday night . The big target man had a few great opportunities in the box and managed to put two of them on net - and if it were n't for two amazing saves by Petr Cech , the Belgian would have had himself a brace . With three mouthwatering home fixtures over the next four matches , odds are good that Benteke finds himself on the scorecard once again .
4 - Mame Biram Diouf - Stoke , 6.5m
Upcoming Fixtures : WBA , @ ars , LEI , BOU , @ avl , @ swa
Another forward who is currently enjoying strong form , Stoke 's Mame Biram Diouf will only benefit further from the addition of Xherdan Shaqiri to the Stoke lineup . With one of the softer sets of fixtures over the next several weeks , Diouf is a strong value play at just 6.5m for managers needing a discount option at the forward position . While he only managed one shot against Norwich , we 're willing to write it off as a combination of Stoke parking the bus after going ahead on the road and Norwich 's counter-attacking style creating several turnovers when Stoke were in the attacking third .
5 - Callum Wilson - Bournemouth , 5.5m
Upcoming Fixtures : LEI , @ nor , SUN , @ sto , WAT , @ mci
Callum Wilson had the single-highest fantasy performance so far this season in Gameweek 3 , earning 17 points for managers . Bournemouth had yet to score a goal despite coming tantalizingly close several times in each of their first two matches , so the 4-goal flurry in Gameweek 3 was long overdue . With a relatively soft run of fixtures coming up ( each of their next five opponents having given up two or more goals in at least one of their matches ) , the Cherries offense should continue to produce goals ; Wilson sees a good amount of service from his midfield as the primary target man , and factoring in his very low 5.5m price , the sheer value he brings to the forward position merits a leap into the 4th slot in this week 's Power Rankings .
6 - Diego Costa - Chelsea , 11.0m
Upcoming Fixtures : CRY , @ eve , ARS , @ new , SOU , AVL
Diego Costa emerged from his fantasy slump in grand fashion , chalking up both a goal and an assist in Chelsea 's 3-2 victory over West Brom . The big Spanish forward immediately benefited from the inclusion of Pedro in the starting lineup as they connected for Costa 's goal in the 31st minute , and later he managed to chest the ball to Cesar Azpilicueta for the full-back 's 41st-minute goal in a display of sheer determination and grit as he was dragged to the ground during the process . With Chelsea potentially moving beyond their post-championship hangover , Costa jumps to 6th in the Power Rankings as the Blues attack should only further improve once Oscar returns from injury .
7 - Jamie Vardy - Leicester , 6.0m
Upcoming Fixtures : @ bou , AVL , @ sto , ARS , @ nor , @ sou
Jamie Vardy earned an assist in Gameweek 3 against Tottenham , bringing him up to 1 goal and 1 assist for the season . Despite being overshadowed by the performance of midfield teammates Riyad Mahrez and Marc Albrighton , Vardy should not be overlooked either : he has created chances with 7 key passes in 3 matches ( the most of any Premier League forward ) , and has also taken 6 shots this season . With several intriguing fixtures coming up over the next several weeks , opportunities could present themselves for the 28-year-old , especially if defenses begin to focus on Mahrez at the expense of leaving other areas of the pitch open .
8 - Harry Kane - Tottenham , 9.4m
Upcoming Fixtures : EVE , @ sun , CRY , MCI , @ swa , LIV
Even though he did not produce any points from a fantasy perspective , Harry Kane had his best performance of the season in Gameweek 3 . Despite the absence of Christian Eriksen , Kane managed 4 shots and created 3 chances in the box against Leicester . With four home fixtures scheduled over the next six weeks as well as a visit to Sunderland in Gameweek 5 , the Spurs attack should continue to improve and subsequently present Kane with more scoring opportunities .
9 - Diafra Sakho - West Ham , 6.5m
Upcoming Fixtures : @ liv , NEW , @ mci , NOR , @ sun , @ cry
Despite struggling with a groin injury as well as further legal issues , Slaven Bilic has stated that Diafra Sakho will continue to start as long as he is fit . Sakho managed to earn an assist in the Hammers 4-3 loss to Bournemouth , but did not play particularly well and was subbed off in the 72nd minute . Further impacting his ranking is the news that Andy Carroll is reportedly set to return as a substitute this week and expected to return to full fitness following the international break next weekend . We currently do not know exactly if and/or how Carroll 's return will impact Sakho 's minutes , but either way the uncertainty of the situation increases the riskiness of having Sakho on your roster . Fantasy managers may want to consider swapping to Diouf who has the same price but his role is much more defined at this point .
10 - Romelu Lukaku - Everton , 8.2m
Upcoming Fixtures : @ tot , CHE , @ swa , @ wba , LIV , MUN
Despite a strong start to the season and managing two shots ( one off of the post ) against a stout Man City defense , Lukaku drops to 10th in our Power Rankings due to the fact that Everton 's schedule does not lighten up very much in the coming weeks . Lukaku is a very good player , but this early in the season , in the face of this gauntlet of a schedule , we are not comfortable naming him a 'fixture-proof ' starter quite yet ... at least not until the midfield behind him is able to return to full fitness and strength . Fantasy managers may want to realize their profit and transfer out the big Belgian until either the schedule or the health of the midfield behinnd him improves .
Be sure to read our other weekly posts before finalizing your Gameweek 4 roster !
• Upcoming Matchups : Gameweek 4
• Goalkeeper Power Rankings : Gameweek 4
• Defender Power Rankings : Gameweek 4
• Midfielder Power Rankings : Gameweek 4
6 years ago
Washington ( CNN ) - For the second time on Tuesday , the aircraft carrying Vice President Joe Biden was forced to abort its original plan for landing .
Late evening , Air Force Two intended to land at Andrews Air Force Base after Biden spent the day campaigning in North Carolina . But heavy fog over parts of Washington forced the plane to circle skies over Washington for a while - then divert .
Tune to CNN for Wednesday 's presidential debate coverage starting at 7 p.m . ET on CNN TV , CNN.com and via CNN 's apps for iPhone , iPad and Android . Web users can become video editors with a new clip-and-share feature that allows them to share favorite debate moments on Facebook and Twitter .
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter : @ PoliticalTicker
`` Due to a low ceiling and visibility below approach minimums , Air Force Two was re-directed to land at Dulles International Airport on the way back from Asheville , North Carolina , '' a White House official said .
The plane landed without incident some 45 minutes after its intended landing time . In addition to the vice president , others on board included administration officials , members of the military and the traveling press .
The White House official said that Biden would take a motorcade from Dulles to his home at the U.S . Naval Observatory .
After Biden de-planed , he jokingly told reporters , `` This will teach you guys to come along with me on a trip . Good luck getting home . ''
Earlier Tuesday , en route to the first of two campaign events in North Carolina , Air Force Two was forced to abort its initial landing , creating a rough ride and passenger uncertainty over when the plane would land .
After a safe landing , Biden joked at the earlier Charlotte campaign event that the incident had caused `` queasy stomachs '' for those on board .
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November .
Texas endured another roller-coaster season with unbelievable highs -- upset wins against Oklahoma and Baylor -- and a whole lot of difficult lows on their way to a 5-7 record that meant no bowl game for just the third time in the last 22 years .
Let 's take a closer look at Charlie Strong 's second season in Austin with Texas ' season report card :
Offense : D+
Trusting Shawn Watson and Joe Wickline to deliver an uptempo spread offense in 2015 was a disastrous move for Strong , and having to demote the co-offensive coordinators after one game forced Texas to play catch-up all season long . Jay Norvell did an admirable job of trying to forge a run-first identity around quarterbacks Jerrod Heard and Tyrone Swoopes . The Horns developed some young talent along the way -- D'Onta Foreman , Connor Williams , Patrick Vahe , John Burt -- but the results were n't pretty or consistent . Texas scored 25 points per game in Big 12 play and finished ninth in the league in points per drive ( 1.8 ) .
Defense : C+
The defense did n't meet expectations , but the truth is 2015 was a rebuilding year for that unit . Malik Jefferson earned Big 12 Defensive Freshman of the Year honors and led a group of freshmen who ended up playing a ton of snaps . The youth movement makes for a promising future -- those rookies played a big role in Texas ' upset of Baylor -- but also present-day unpredictability . Texas had some nice pieces , but its issues started up front with a defensive line that never emerged as a strength .
Special Teams : C
Maybe a harsher grade is suitable here , since the special-teams gaffes against Cal and Oklahoma State might have been the difference between 5-7 and 7-5 . But all in all , the Horns were generally average in the game 's third phase this season . Nobody booted more punts in the Big 12 than Michael Dickson , and the Aussie import had a solid if up-and-down freshman year . Nick Rose improved as a senior , hitting 13 of 17 field goal tries , and Daje Johnson had one punt return TD .
Coaching : C
Texas ' upset of eventual Big 12 champ Oklahoma was a masterpiece of coaching and motivation . Hard not to look back on that game , though , and recognize it was a sign that Texas had enough talent and potential to make more progress in Strong 's second year and win seven or eight games . In blowout road losses at Notre Dame ( 38-3 ) , TCU ( 50-7 ) and Iowa State ( 24-0 ) , Texas ' staff got outcoached and its players looked unprepared . Stability and continuity have proved elusive so far but are badly needed .
Overall : C-
The standard at Texas is Big 12 and national championships , and Strong has never shied from saying that . At the end of his first season , he said Texas would never lose six games again under his watch . His second season was a disappointing step in the wrong direction . The long-term plan at quarterback remains a question mark , and another offensive makeover is coming . The freshman class is exciting and offers meaningful hope , but Texas still has a long way to go to play for the conference crown and 2015 was a rough reminder of that reality .
Memo to all those American sports fans -- and journalists -- in London for the Olympic Games : While you 're there , try doing a few things that are illegal back here in the `` land of the free . ''
Smoke a Cuban cigar . It 's OK : No one is going to arrest you for breaching the Helms-Burton Act ! Nobody cares ! Those crazy Brits just do n't believe that Cuba might invade them , conquer them , and destroy their way of life ! They 're not even afraid of Cuba -- can you imagine ?
Walk down the road with a drink in your hand . If your 18-year-old child is with you , buy the kid a drink too . It 's amazing . No one cares !
Jaywalk . In London , pedestrians always have the legal right of way . Wacky . It 's like cars and trucks are n't even people .
Oh , and while you 're at it , here 's one more thing you can do : Place a bet on the U.S. presidential election .
It 's legal there . It 's safe . It 's easy . You can do it on pretty much any busy street in London .
Compare and contrast that with the laws here at home , where you ca n't place this bet -- anywhere . I once schlepped around every sports book in Vegas trying to find someone to take my money , till the Nevada Gaming Commission told me it was against the law to allow betting on elections . Apparently that 's true in every state . ( The only exception is a small betting exchange run by the University of Iowa 's business school as an experiment .
The rationale for our laws : They 're in place so no politician has an incentive to blow an election . You could n't make this up . ( Politicians still blow elections , of course , but only for free . )
In Britain you can gamble on any election , including theirs -- and ours . I once wrote a book about it . Now I 'm looking at the odds and wishing I were back in Blighty ( i.e. , England ) with a fistful of bills .
Any high street bookie will take your bet . Ladbrokes , the biggest , offers a wide range of markets .
Do you think you know who 'll win ? The U.K. bookies now heavily favor Obama : He 's quoted at 2/5 , compared with 15/8 for Romney . Put another way , they currently give Obama a roughly 70 % chance of winning , against 35 % for Romney . ( Those odds have moved sharply towards Obama in recent weeks , following Romney 's missteps , although the polls in the U.S. do n't reflect that . )
Looking for a punt on Romney 's VP pick ? The bookies heavily favor Rob Portman ( 2/1 ) and Tim Pawlenty ( 9/4 ) .
Those seem pretty narrow odds . Nobody asked me , but I think that if the race gets tougher for Romney , the more he 'll face more pressure to go for someone more interesting and `` diverse . '' In the only election Romney has won so far , when he ran for Massachusetts governor in 2002 , he picked a female running mate for the same reason . If he does something similar this time , New Mexico 's governor Susana Martinez looks like a fun wager at 25/1 . New Hampshire senator Kelly Ayotte is 16/1 . Florida senator Marco Rubio , who may help with the Hispanic vote , is 6/1 . Gen. David Petraeus , currently at the center of some speculation for VP , is offered at 100/1 .
This election is going to come down to the swing states . The London bookies think Obama will win most of them . Romney is 7/4 to win Ohio , evens in Florida , 11/8 in Virginia , and 5/4 in Iowa .
The British bookmakers also give Obama a big edge in betting on the electoral college . But the college arguably favors the GOP , and Romney could squeak out an electoral victory even with fewer overall votes , as Bush did in 2000 . Anything over 269 is a majority : Ladbrokes will offer you 11/2 on Romney winning 270 to 289 electoral votes , and 10/1 on winning 290 to 309 .
Suffolk University political pollster David Paleologos 's take ? He thinks Obama has an edge in the election , but it 's `` not huge . '' He thinks Obama has a moderate edge in Ohio and New Hampshire , but Florida and Virginia are `` toss-ups , '' and Romney `` will probably win Iowa . '' If he 's right , this election could be a true squeaker . You want a really off-the-wall bet ? Bookies will give you 100/1 on the election being tied in the electoral college . After my recent lunch with Paleologos , I did the math . It could happen .
Bumper stickers , company logos , paid-for banners on buses ― like nearly every other surface in our public spaces today , vehicular exteriors are just another canvas for corporate advertisements and glib sloganeering .
But they can also be a canvas for meaningful art , the kind that exists as part of the community rather than tucked away in museums and galleries .
With Santa Fe , New Mexico , gallery Axle Art 's mobile showroom , Axle Contemporary , artists and co-founders Matthew Chase-Daniel and Jerry Wellman are doing just that . For their project “ E Pluribus Unum , ” currently operating around Navajo Nation , the pair use the traveling van as a photography studio as well as a gallery to display portraits taken during the project .
Axle Contemporary Wheat-pasting a portrait to the exterior of the Axle Contemporary van in Albuquerque .
The process is simple : The pair tours the area in a converted service van . Any and all community members are welcome to enter the portrait studio to have a black-and-white photo taken ; they 're asked to bring one object with personal significance to hold during the portrait session . “ These objects reflect culture and personality in the place and time where the portraits are made , ” the artists explained in an email to The Huffington Post . But there 's also a practical side : “ We have also noticed that the objects distract the people sitting for their portraits , and because of this we get more genuine expressions from them and less forced smiles . ”
The portrait is printed immediately in the studio , and one copy goes to the subject . Another is wheat-pasted to the side of the van , and a third will eventually be displayed in a traditional gallery setting when the project is over . Participants are also given “ E Pluribus Unum ” as a writing prompt , and their musings are included in the book compilation of each “ E Pluribus Unum ” project .
Axle Contemporary The `` E Pluribus Unum '' van in action .
The first iteration of “ E Pluribus Unum ” was developed in 2012 for SITE Santa Fe . “ We wanted to find [ ... ] to draw community members into the refined confines of SITE Santa Fe , and to make a lasting document of people in a particular place and time , ” Chase-Daniel and Wellman told HuffPost . Since then , they 've also brought the project to Albuquerque .
Axle Contemporary was invited to bring “ E Pluribus Unum ” to Dinétah by the Navajo Nation Museum , and Chase-Daniel and Wellman told HuffPost , “ it was a natural fit. ” By creating a new installment every two years , the artists hope to chart a visual map of contemporary New Mexico as a whole .
“ The project title , ‘ E Pluribus Unum , ' means from many , one , ” Chase-Daniel and Wellman said . “ We find it a powerful notion [ ... ] referring to the value of maintaining individuality while honoring the group . This is not the ‘ melting pot ' of assimilation , but rather a notion of strength of diverse communities . ”
By capturing the individual faces that make up New Mexico , and the various communities ― like Navajo Nation ( a semi-autonomous territory that also stretches into Arizona and Utah ) ― that possess their own distinct cultures , the project reflects the full reality of the people back at themselves .
“ We wanted to find a way of showing images of the community to itself , ” the artists explained to HuffPost . No matter how long we live in a community , we can never be reminded too much of who we really are , in our commonalities and in our differences .
( Photo : Orycteropus )
The Mangalitsa is a rare breed of pig from Hungary . It 's the result of a Nineteenth Century experiment in the Austro-Hungarian Empire to breed a pig with very high fat content in order to produce large amounts of lard .
The breed faded in popularity and almost died out . The pigs take a full year to grow to 350 pounds—twice the time of more popular breeds . But in the 1990s , interest in the breed revived . There are now about 60,000 Mangalitsa pigs around the world , including some in the U.S .
( Photo : Derzi Elekes Andor )
The deep red meat consists of 50 % fat , giving it a buttery flavor that is treasured by gourmands around the world . The lard is also prized by elite chefs who prefer to cook with it .
-via Makin'ology
For over a decade , a disease called colony collapse disorder has been destroying bee populations worldwide . Because bees pollinate many of our staple crops , their deaths threaten our food supplies . Now , new evidence is solidifying a case against the likely culprit in their deaths .
Photo by Alex Wild
Researchers have previously argued that colony collapse is being caused by neonicotinoids , a form of insecticide that works by damaging the insects ' brain functions and shutting down their nervous systems . After a period of excitability , insects exposed to neonicotinoids are paralyzed and subsequently die .
Advertisement
Now , in a new paper published by Harvard environmental biologist Chensheng Lu and colleagues in Bulletin of Insectology , we have confirmation that hives exposed to neonicotinoids are far more likely to suffer colony collapse than those that are n't . Symptoms of colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) include wildly unpredictable bee behavior , with bees fleeing their hives in winter and never returning . This seems to fit with exposure to a pesticide that works by interfering with the activity of neurotransmitters in their brains .
According to a release from Harvard University :
Lu and his co-authors from the Worcester County Beekeepers Association studied the health of 18 bee colonies in three locations in central Massachusetts from October 2012 through April 2013 . At each location , the researchers separated six colonies into three groups—one treated with imidacloprid , one with clothianidin , and one untreated . There was a steady decline in the size of all the bee colonies through the beginning of winter—typical among hives during the colder months in New England . Beginning in January 2013 , bee populations in the control colonies began to increase as expected , but populations in the neonicotinoid-treated hives continued to decline . By April 2013 , 6 out of 12 of the neonicotinoid-treated colonies were lost , with abandoned hives that are typical of CCD . Only one of the control colonies was lost—thousands of dead bees were found inside the hive—with what appeared to be symptoms of a common intestinal parasite called Nosema ceranae . While the 12 pesticide-treated hives in the current study experienced a 50 % CCD mortality rate , the authors noted that , in their 2012 study , bees in pesticide-treated hives had a much higher CCD mortality rate—94 % . That earlier bee die-off occurred during the particularly cold and prolonged winter of 2010-2011 in central Massachusetts , leading the authors to speculate that colder temperatures , in combination with neonicotinoids , may play a role in the severity of CCD .
Advertisement
Some experts questioned these research methods , mostly because Lu and colleagues only studied bees in a very specific region , New England . There appear to be regional variations in CCD , with European bees affected more in some areas than others — and none affected in Australia . In addition , researchers have studied hives that are prone to CCD and yet are not anywhere near places where neonicotinoids are used .
So while more research needs to be done , it 's possible that neonicotinoids may have to be removed from our arsenal of insecticides . Ironically , in an effort to protect our crops , we may have been inadvertently destroying them . Without bees , many plants can not reproduce .
Advertisement
Read the full scientific article in the Bulletin of Insectology
A suspected al-Qaeda terrorist charged in the 1998 attacks on embassies in east Africa that killed more than 200 people has died in federal custody days before his trial was to start , a U.S. official said Saturday .
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a court filing that Abu Anas al-Libi , who 's also known as Nazih Abdul-Hamed al-Ruqai , died Friday in a local hospital from sudden complications `` arising out of his long-standing medical problems . ''
Abu Anas al-Libi , set to go to trial on Tuesday for his alleged role in the 1998 embassy bombings in eastern Africa , has died in a New York City hospital , a federal prosecutor said Saturday . ( FBI/Associated Press ) Al-Libi , 50 , had pleaded not guilty to charges he conspired in the simultaneous attacks on embassies in Tanzania and Kenya that killed 224 people , including a dozen Americans . His family and former associates denied he was ever a member of al-Qaeda .
His federal trial was to begin Jan. 12 in Manhattan .
Al-Libi was captured by units from the U.S. Army 's elite Delta Force in October , 2013 , and flown to a navy ship in the Mediterranean before being brought to the U.S .
Al-Libi , once wanted by the FBI with a $ 5-million bounty on his head , was chronically ill with hepatitis C when the soldiers seized him . His wife , who asked to be identified as Um Abdullah , told The Associated Press that his experience only worsened his ailments .
`` I accuse the American government of kidnapping , mistreating , and killing an innocent man . He did nothing , '' Um Abdullah said .
Al-Libi , which means `` of Libya '' in Arabic , was his nom de guerre . U.S. prosecutors in 2000 described al-Libi as sitting on a council that approved terrorist operations for al-Qaeda , which would become infamous worldwide a year later after the Sept. 11 terror attacks .
Before that , al-Qaeda 's Aug. 7 , 1998 , truck bombings at the U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , were its deadliest assault . The bombs tore through the embassies and nearby buildings , killing 213 people and wounding about 4,500 in Kenya alone . The Tanzania attack , conducted minutes later , killed 11 people and wounded 85 .
Surveillance on embassy
Al-Libi , believed to be a computer specialist for al-Qaeda , conducted visual and photographic surveillance of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi in late 1993 , the federal court indictment against him and others alleges . In 1994 , he and other al-Qaeda members researched alternate potential sites in Nairobi including the local office of the U.S. Agency for International Development , as well as `` British , French and Israeli targets , '' according to the indictment .
His path to Kenya and al-Qaeda remains unclear . Al-Libi is believed to have spent time in Sudan , where Osama bin Laden was based in the early 1990s . After bin Laden was forced to leave Sudan , al-Libi turned up in Britain in 1995 where he was granted political asylum under unclear circumstances and lived in Manchester .
He was arrested by Scotland Yard in 1999 , but released because of lack of evidence and later fled Britain . After his indictment in December 2000 over the embassy bombings , U.S. officials said they believed he was hiding in Afghanistan .
Al-Libi later said in court filings that he returned to Libya as dissent against dictator Moammar Gadhafi grew into an open revolt that led to the leader 's downfall and killing in 2011 . He said he `` joined with forces of NATO and the United States '' to replace Gadhafi , hoping to establish a `` stable Islamic secular state . ''
Nabbed in Tripoli
In October 2013 , the U.S. Army 's Delta Force swooped into Tripoli and seized al-Libi after dawn prayers , his brother Nabih al-Ruqai said . Al-Libi said the soldiers took him to the USS San Antonio , where CIA agents interrogating him warned the questioning would be the `` easiest step '' of three .
`` I took this to mean that the physical and psychological torture would only increase if I failed to cooperate with my questioners , '' he said in a court affidavit . `` These threats continued the entire time I was on board the ship . ''
Al-Libi 's lawyer , Bernard Kleinman , argued his client did n't plan the bombing .
`` This case involves issues much more tinged with emotion and trauma than other cases , '' Kleinman said in 2013 . `` The fact that Mr. al-Libi will be tried in New York , barely a half mile from the World Trade Center site , and that Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda will be referenced numerous times in connection with his co-defendants can not be ignored . ''
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . – The version of Juan Agudelo that Matt Kassell remembers was , well , just 17 .
Agudelo , fresh off signing a Homegrown Player deal with the New York Red Bulls , lived in Hoboken , New Jersey with Kassell , a fellow academy product and , subsequently , a Red Bulls teammate . It was about an hour and a half from his hometown in Barnegat , New Jersey , and when he was n't hanging around the mall with friends or talking about girls , the teenager had a hobby of sorts .
“ One of the things he used to do is he brought his bike up and he had one of the ones with pegs on it , ” Kassell said with a laugh . “ He 'd ride it around in Hoboken with his bike with pegs on it , so everybody thought that was a little kid thing . ”
Now , the version Agudelo 's head coach with the New England Revolution – Jay Heaps – recalls is one of a different mold . Their conversations , Heaps said , have evolved from ones where he 's explaining tactical nuances to how he can be the Revs ' glue in the locker room .
“ It 's 'Hey , this guy is down . Why do n't you have a conversation with him ? ' Words coming from Juan now mean a lot to players , especially younger players and even senior players , ” Heaps said . “ There 's no one in there who wo n't respect it , because if Juan says something then you 're going to listen . ”
That parallel is but one example of the 24-year-old striker 's maturity , a journey from a mercurial soccer prodigy to a young father with a career .
The steps along the way – scoring on his debut with the US national team at 17 , failing to secure a work permit with Stoke City , not playing professionally for over a year and resurrecting his career in New England – are well documented . So is the pressure placed on his shoulders as American soccer 's next great savior , but Agudelo now has a different perspective on life .
For one , he 's taking real estate classes so that when he retires , he can still financially support his daughter .
“ I feel like a legit man now , ” Agudelo said . “ I have responsibilities and an understanding of how important it is to do other things . It 's understanding that football is a passion and we love it . We treat it religiously , but it 's not for your whole entire life . I think it 's a very mature decision that if I did n't have a kid , I do n't know if I would be making those steps to look at my future . ”
Agudelo 's newfound outlook sounds distant from that of the bright-eyed teenager who burst onto the American soccer scene by scoring against South Africa and Argentina . He certainly remembers those moments , namely that first call-cup against the Bafana Bafana where he thought an email invitation from Bob Bradley referred to an upcoming U-20 national team camp .
Agudelo said he was just happy to be there – “ I dressed for the game , and I 'm like , ‘ OK I 'm on the bench . This is awesome , great seats for this game , but I 'm not going to play , ' ” – only for it to develop into what he dubbed the “ week of his life . ”
Flash forward , and Agudelo 's approach to the game has entirely transformed .
“ I always wanted to be leading the game and be in control of the game , ” Agudelo said . “ After I score one goal , before I used to be like , ‘ Yes I scored a goal , that 's good . ' I could possibly get away with not scoring the next game . Now after I scored a goal , I 'm like , ‘ How many minutes do I have left to score another one ? ' I used to never think like that . ”
And in 2017 , that approach has borne fruit , as Agudelo was named by Bruce Arena to the USMNT 's final roster for the 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup , a benchmark he called a “ huge target for me. ” Agudelo is producing in MLS play , too , with seven goals and an assist through 15 games with the Revs .
Still , those who have witnessed Agudelo 's journey firsthand harp on how much he 's matured , especially since his Red Bulls days .
Jerome Miron / USA Today Sports
Stephen Keel – then a veteran center back , and now a social media manager for Major League Soccer – remembers a dynamic where Agudelo was playing more with the national team ( 14 games with the U.S. in 2011 ) – than under Hans Backe in New York . They acquired Luke Rodgers , a British striker , and their other go-to option was none other than French legend Thierry Henry .
Thus , playing time was sparse at the club level , and Agudelo said that was hard to deal with at times . Even harder , Keel attested , was Henry laying into Agudelo at times on the training ground .
“ We 'd be talking and Juan is like , 'Thierry , man . He 's just all over me , ' ” Keel said . “ It came from a good place of wanting the best for Juan , but it was also tough when you 're 17 and you have a guy you 've looked up to your whole life who was hard on you , who was getting after you . ”
Carl Robinson , also Agudelo 's teammate in New York and now the head coach of the Vancouver Whitecaps , remembers the same dynamic on the training ground .
“ When you have Thierry in the team , he used to put incredible demands on Juan , ” Robinson said . “ It was interesting because we used to play 'Good cop , Bad cop ' and bounce off each other . When Thierry would give him a little pop , then I used to put the arm on the shoulder and things like that . But he 's a good kid , and what we were both trying to get out of him is to be the best person and best player he could be . ”
Intentions aside , those early days with Henry have stuck with Agudelo , once a kid who asked his mom to buy Henry 's cleats so he could play youth tournaments with them .
Then , as teammates , Agudelo said somehow , someway , he 'd manage to tick off Henry .
“ I remember one time I went up for a header and he was pissed , ” Agudelo said . “ In the air , he karate kicked me in the back . Luckily it did n't hit a hard spot where I could have gotten injured , but I was like , ‘ Oh my god , what the hell . ' I was shocked more than mad . I was like , ‘ Whoa , I never expected something like this . ' I was young , I ca n't say anything , this guy has been in Europe . ”
Still , much like every part of Agudelo 's development , training ground stories have gone from ones of youthful innocence to ones of maturity .
Christopher Hanewinckel / USA Today Sports
Dax McCarty , a Chicago Fire midfielder who was also called into the January 2017 camp , said the Colombian-American impressed mightily during his first ever camp under Arena .
“ I got to January camp a couple days late and I asked the guys I was close with and my roommate Luis Robles whoare standing out , ” McCarty said . “ He said everyone 's been on the same level , but he told me Juan has had a really good camp and I then I saw it . I saw it in training every day . The one common denominator I was a part of was that Juan was scoring goals .
“ He was being very dangerous and it was a testament to how far he has come , ” McCarty added . “ Juan was this younger player who was good for one or two fantastic plays in training and then he would disappear . Now as he 's gotten older and learned more about his game , it 's so much better in terms of being more well-rounded . ”
A major part of becoming more well-rounded , Agudelo said , was not allowing the hype of being the national team 's next biggest and brightest star get to his head .
That buzz , he said , was hard to ignore , what with the ESPN Magazine features , but his focus was elsewhere .
“ My goal was n't to be on a Frosted Flakes box or something , ” Agudelo said . “ My goal was to play in Europe , so I was n't satisfied when I was younger . Things were coming at me , but I was brushing them off to the side . Yeah , people wanted to do interviews but I was n't understanding why so many if I have n't played a World Cup or even the highest level , which is Europe . ”
That perception came as no surprise to Robinson , who said the hardest thing for a young footballer is not letting the noise get to his head . And when you 're being labeled the next Freddy Adu , in Agudelo 's case , Robinson said , that 's a difficult proposition to sift through .
Greg M. Cooper / USA Today Sports
Lee Nguyen , Agudelo 's teammate in New England and close friend , said he 's noticed the striker truly come of age on the field , becoming a “ more complete player . ”
But what stands out most to Nguyen is how this version of Agudelo keeps the mood of the locker room light .
“ He wants to win in everything , no matter if it 's soccer , chess , ping pong , basketball , whatever , ” Nguyen said . “ He turns anything into a competition . We 'll be playing , and if he wins one or loses one then he 'll want to turn it into a gambling game .
“ For example , we 'll play ping pong and we 'll play best of three games , ” Nguyen added . “ If he loses , then he wants to turn it into a $ 5 game , then a $ 10 game . It 's always funny . ”
All things considered , this Agudelo fans are seeing week in and week out is worlds apart from the one that burst onto the scene in 2011 .
For one , his understanding of what it means to be a complete striker has entirely transformed .
“ Before , I used to be like , 'Yeah , he scores a lot of tap-ins , but he 's not a great player , ' ” Agudelo said . “ I needed to understand that great players score a lot of tap-ins and score a lot of goals and help their team most importantly . I understand now how important it is to score goals . For the first time in my career I 've actually felt like a legit goalscorer . I 'm not looking to be pretty . ”
Dan Hamilton / USA Today Sports
Agudelo still has goals and aspirations of proving his worth in Europe . He got a taste of that in 2014 , playing on loan at FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivise , scoring three goals in 14 games .
Still , he said it “ did n't feel like it was a successful six months. ” And , as Spencer Wadsworth , his agent through Wasserman , put it , there will always be the thought of what could have been .
“ Back in 2014 , I can tell you he was n't short of options in Germany , ” Wadsworth said . “ He had the pick of the litter in Germany outside of Bayern Munich , basically we had conversations with every single team . They were Bundesliga and 2 . Bundesliga clubs . We wanted to pursue England , so that was where our focus was . The top team in Belgium , Anderlecht . Teams in Spain wanted him . You know how England is , though , it 's the place you want to be . ”
That sentiment is still fresh on Agudelo 's mind , too . It surfaces in a 30-minute sit-down interview at Gillette Stadium in early May .
“ We only live this life so short , ” Agudelo said . “ We 're only here temporarily , and that too I 've been realizing . I 'm only going to be 24 one time , I 'm only going to have these legs , run this much , one time in my life . I have to take advantage of it . I feel like I have , but there 's still more to give , and also the one big thing is the World Cup .
“ This thing comes around only maybe three times for a player , and I do n't to die wishing I went to a World Cup , ” Agudelo added . “ It 's something that everyone watches on TV . I would hate to be 48 , watching the World Cup on TV , and being like , 'Wow , what must have the been like ? I 've played in every other game , every other competition , but I do n't know what the World Cup is like . ' ”
And that , in a nutshell , embodies the new Agudelo , the one that 's a mainstay for the Revs , that 's looking to cement that long-expected spot on the U.S national team . Poised , thoughtful and measured – on and off the pitch .
Users of Samsung Galaxy Note 4 in the US who have subscribed to AT & T 's wireless network service have plenty to cheer about as the highly anticipated Google Android 5.0 ( Lollipop ) OS update is confirmed to hit the high-end smartphone .
According to an AutooMobile report that quotes AT & T , the Android Lollipop OS update is confirmed to roll out for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 devices , but in phases .
The AutooMobile report also states that the first batch of Galaxy Note 4 handsets to start receiving the update will be those bearing model number SM-N910A .
Hence AT & T Galaxy Note 4 users in the US can check their handsets for newer over-the-air ( OTA ) notifications representing Android Lollipop OS update .
Prior to the above reported announcement , Sprint was the only wireless service provider ( in the US ) to have released Lollipop , for its Galaxy Note 4 users .
What 's new within Android Lollipop
Currently , AT & T is yet to make public the official changelog of the new functionality that is applicable to Samsung Galaxy Note 4 smartphones , but it is widely believed that Android Lollipop will offer the HD Calling compatibility ( to Galaxy Note 4 users ) in specific regions of the US .
Conventionally , Google 's Android Lollipop OS update brings with it the following enhancements :
Material Design : Material design offers fluid animations , vivid coloured themes and 3D-Views .
: Material design offers fluid animations , vivid coloured themes and 3D-Views . Improved Lockscreen : Shortcuts for both Phone and Camera are provided , along with Material Design-inspired notifications .
: Shortcuts for both Phone and Camera are provided , along with Material Design-inspired notifications . Touchwiz : Brighter look and feel , bold colours , fluid animation inspired by Material Design .
: Brighter look and feel , bold colours , fluid animation inspired by Material Design . Floating Action Button : Floating action buttons provide easy access to the app 's most important features , such as adding a new contact or favourite , or composing a text message .
: Floating action buttons provide easy access to the app 's most important features , such as adding a new contact or favourite , or composing a text message . Interruptions : Priority notifications such as events and reminders , phone calls , and messages can be set up to sound or vibrate while all other notifications are muted .
: Priority notifications such as events and reminders , phone calls , and messages can be set up to sound or vibrate while all other notifications are muted . Recents : Easy access to your Chrome tabs right from the Recent apps page . Multi-window icons for ease of use during multi-tasking .
AT & T-driven Samsung Galaxy Note 4 users should notice Android Lollipop very shortly , via OTA , but the firmware can also be searched for manually , downloaded and installed .
How to manually search , download and install Android Lollipop OS update
From the home screen , select and drag down the Notification bar
bar
Tap Settings
Scroll to and tap System update
Select Update now
If newer system updates are available at that point in time , follow the on-screen instructions for installation , or else tap OK
Your Samsung Galaxy Note 4 's software should now be up-to-date , with the installation of Android Lollipop OS update .
Currently , Samsung 's Galaxy Note 4 runs the legacy Android 4.4.4 ( KitKat ) operating platform , out of the box .
Sunderland finished bottom of the Premier League with just 24 points under David Moyes
David Moyes will struggle to get another job in the Premier League and `` might end up in China '' after resigning as Sunderland boss , says former Blackburn Rovers striker Chris Sutton .
Moyes , 54 , stepped down on Monday after just one season in charge .
The Black Cats ' relegation to the Championship was confirmed in April , with Moyes ' side finishing bottom , having won only six games .
Sutton said the Scot would be able to find a new role outside the top flight .
However , speaking on BBC Radio 5 live 's Monday Night Club , he added : `` Would he want a job in the Championship ? I think he might end up in China . ''
After 11 years in charge of Everton , Moyes left in 2013 to replace Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United but was sacked after 12 months into a six-year deal at Old Trafford .
He was also dismissed after a year in charge of his next club , Spanish side Real Sociedad , before taking over at the Stadium of Light when Sam Allardyce left to become England manager .
`` He 'll find it very , very difficult to get a Premier League job but lots of Championship sides will offer him a job - he does n't need the money but he 's got the drive and the desire , '' former Leeds right-back Danny Mills told 5 live .
Mills added that relegated Middlesbrough could be a good fit for Moyes , should they not appoint caretaker boss Steve Agnew on a permanent deal , as they `` have money to spend '' .
Former Chelsea winger Pat Nevin said Scotland could `` do a lot worse '' than appoint Moyes if current manager Gordon Strachan decided to step down .
`` [ Moyes ] has had three bad seasons in a row for a variety of reasons but he 'll probably go to the Championship and relaunch his career from there , '' added Nevin .
'It sucked the life out of the club '
Sunderland narrowly avoided relegation last season and Moyes warned supporters just two games into this campaign that his squad would again struggle .
Sutton said Moyes ' comments had `` sucked the life out of the club '' as they had been `` on a high '' after staying up under previous boss Allardyce .
However , Nevin replied : `` I do n't think there was a lot of life there . ''
Nevin added that he was not surprised at Moyes ' departure and was `` sold a pup '' when he took over , because he was expecting more money available for transfers .
`` He 's not going to stay on if he 's been told he wo n't be given enough funds to make them competitive because his attitude is he 's a winner and he wants to win , '' said Nevin .
Sutton was also critical of Sunderland chairman and owner Ellis Short .
`` Swansea and Crystal Palace invested in January and backed their manager - Sunderland were buying Everton 's reserves , '' said Sutton , referring to deals for Darron Gibson and Bryan Oviedo .
`` If Moyes resigned because there was n't enough funds then who would take that job ? It 's a high-pressured job at a big club and they 'll want backing too . ''
On the Ubuntu Phone and the Challenges of Mobile Operating Systems
Cristian Parrino Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 1 , 2015
Establishing a new mobile platform in a mature ecosystem is a challenge — a challenge that goes deeper than the mobile industry 's de-facto metric of “ does it have the apps ” . Going deeper is captured by two simple questions — apply these to the new mobile operating system contenders , and it quickly gets ugly :
Is the platform uniquely compelling for users ? ( why would they buy a phone with it )
Is the platform relevant to developers from day one , when you have few users ? ( why would they develop before volume )
These two questions have driven the design and development of the Ubuntu Phone from the very beginning . It was immediately clear that launching a truly open replica of the app and app icon grid centric experiences of iOS and Android was n't going to cut it — general users would see little added value , and without user volume , developers would n't target the platform . An irrecoverable chicken and egg problem . A problem that could only be aggravated by succumbing to the popular suggestion of “ why do n't you just support Android apps ” — the perfect way to ensure developers will never need to target your platform , and for users to get a me too experience developed for someone else .
The Ubuntu Phone takes a bold approach across the board :
A compelling experience for users — who get to interact with their mobile digital life in a much more natural , personal , secure and engaging way . Plus , it 's so pretty…
Developer relevancy from day one — with the unprecedented opportunity to make their mobile experiences integral to the OS , at a fraction of the cost that it would take to develop traditional apps ( which are also supported ) . This means that a Whatsapp , WeChat , Slack or Telegram could become as integral to Ubuntu as iMessage is on iOS while still maintaining a branded experience , by little more than opening an API . With Ubuntu 's success suddenly aligning with developer aspirations and business models , waiting for volume no longer makes sense .
An ecosystem strategy for those companies with the courage and ambition of taking on the dominance of Google and Apple — with a way to own the store , the relationship with their users and more importantly — the ability to create a differentiating experience for their devices based on their own suite of content and services . All backed by a thriving developer community .
A form factor evolution — the promised land of a phone powerful enough to also be your PC is coming . And form factor evolutions have always had a disrupting impact in the tech space .
While still in its early days , the Ubuntu Phone has the foundations for a successful run . I 'll be watching closely , as I take on a new adventure .
The larvae of insects , whether adapted to the most diverse and active habits , or quite inactive , being fed by their parents or placed in the midst of proper nutriment , yet nearly all pass through a similar worm-like stage of development ; but in some few cases , as in that of Aphis , if we look to the admirable drawings by Professor Huxley of the development of this insect , we see no trace of the vermiform stage .
The stem at one extremity is truncate , but at the other is terminated by a vermiform fleshy appendage .
The Pentastomida are a peculiar group of gonochoric , vermiform endoparasites , currently classified as a unique phylum , related to branchiuran crustaceans ( 3 ) .
The position of the vermiform appendix at laparoscopy .
The positon , length and arterial supply of vermiform appendix .
The position of the vermiform appendix as ascertained by an analysis of 10,000 cases .
A comparison of some quantitative methods of extracting small vermiform nematodes from soil .
1983 ) in order to visualize the vermiform J2 , `` sausage '' and oval forms ( 'J3 , and J4 ) , and females .
vermiform appendix could also be used instead of the small intestine .
In nonmarine settings it is often attributed to small arthropods , nematodes , or other vermiform animals ( Walker 1985 ; Metz 1987 ; Pickerill and Peel 1991 ; Buatois et al .
chocolata examined had a vermiform structure called pseudopenis and a continuous vas deferens , followed by 19 % females with ovicapsules aborted in the lumen of the capsule gland , corresponding to the last grade in the scale of Rodriguez et al .
Across Europe and the US support for same-sex marriage is growing , and for a simple reason : it is consistent with democracy 's promise of equal rights for all people . As long as government is in the business of handing out marriage licences , all couples – regardless of their sexual orientation – deserve equal status in the eyes of the law .
I believe that it is only a question of when – not if – same-sex marriage is accepted as a normal and legal part of democratic societies . Here in the US , the change is happening rapidly . Two years ago , I helped lead the push for same-sex marriage in New York , and we were able to pass a law with bipartisan support .
At the time , we debated many of the questions that the UK parliament has been considering over the past weeks and months – including whether churches would be forced to perform same-sex marriages and whether `` civil unions '' are enough for same-sex couples . In the end , a majority of our legislators agreed that civil unions would relegate same-sex couples to second-class status – and that in approving marriage licenses , government should not discriminate between sexes . In addition , the law was written to ensure that no church would be forced to solemnise a marriage in contravention of its beliefs . And since the law has passed , none has .
Religious tolerance is a vital part of a democratic society . But religious rules should never dictate society 's laws . Some religions prohibit eating pork . Others prohibit drinking alcohol . Others prohibit divorce . That is their right . But we reject any attempt to impose those prohibitions on society , because the freedom to engage in those activities should be no less protected . The same is true of same-sex marriage .
New York City embodies America 's commitment to freedom and opportunity , diversity and tolerance , and that is why we remain such a magnet for immigrants , visitors and investors . People want to live in places where they are free to be themselves – to practise their religion as they wish , to express their political views as they wish , and to love and marry whom they wish .
Cities and countries that actively protect those freedoms will attract talented and creative people who wish to live freely , fostering a culture – and economy – that is stronger for it . As a mayor , I know that legalising same-sex marriage has sharpened New York City 's competitive edge in the global economy , because it has made us an even more attractive place to live and work – not just for gay men and women , but for all people who want to live in a tolerant and free community . And as someone whose company is building a new European headquarters in London , I can say that same-sex marriage would make the UK an even more attractive place for companies to do business , because freedom attracts talent .
In America , support for same-sex marriage is building far beyond New York . Twelve of our 50 states have now legalised same-sex marriage . About one-fifth of all Americans now live in a place that has legalised same-sex marriage . In Washington , a majority of US senators have expressed support for marriage equality . And when President Obama said last year that he believed that same-sex couples should be allowed to marry , the American people did not vote him out office , even though some suspected it would hurt his re-election campaign .
It did not – because , as polls here show , a majority of Americans believe that same-sex marriages ought to have the same legal recognition as traditional marriages . Among younger Americans , it is n't even close : more than 80 % of 18- to 29-year-olds support the freedom to marry . They will define the future . And just as young civil right activists in the 1950s and 1960s ended decades of discriminatory laws against African-Americans , today 's young people will do the same for gays and lesbians .
Britons and Americans are beginning to see marriage equality for what it is : the reasonable next step in a shared history that includes extending suffrage to women and creating legal protections prohibiting discrimination . As the House of Lords votes on the issue , I hope its members will look to the future – and decide on which side of history they want to be .
Toxic chemical spill closes parts of Lake Michigan , EPA investigating
About two miles of Portage beach front is closed off after a toxic chemical spill happened early Tuesday morning .
The National Park service announced that hexavalent chromium spilled into the Burns Waterway , about 100 yards from the opening to Lake Michigan there .
According to the Department of Labor , that chemical is used during “ hot work ” , like welding .
That spill originated at U.S. Steel in Portage . The bi-product came out of a hole in a pipe that was connected to the waste water treatment connected to the facility .
“ We have no confirmation that it has made its way into Lake Michigan , but there is sampling going on right now , ” said Natalie Johnson , Executive Director of Save The Dunes in Michigan City .
Johnson is worried .
The Environmental Protection Agency and the national parks service closed off all entrances leading to the affected areas .
“ Portage Lakefront and Riverwalk , Boaters Beach and West Beach , and the community of Ogden Dunes beach , ” said Johnson . And a third beach was added Wednesday , Cowles Bog Beach .
Pedestrians were warned over social media not to make any contact with those areas of Lake Michigan until further notice .
“ There could be some monitoring that reports samples as early as today , ” said Johnson .
But many beachgoers were stopped at the gates saying they had no idea this was even happening . Johnson says she is n't surprised .
“ It really is kind of a broken system again of the sense of urgency . This is a great example where I 'm uncertain if we 're prepared , ” said Johnson .
Johnson says this particular chemical dissipates very quickly in the water , however it is known to cause skin lesions . The feds say it 's been known to cause cancer .
“ The lack of awareness of the public , the reactions , being left in the dark , is very concerning , ” said Johnson .
But until that info is relayed , Johnson says she 'll continue watching out for her community .
“ Until the samples are actually in hand that say this water is safe to go into , stay off of those beaches just for the time being , ” said Johnson .
Share this article :
email
Five years ago my daughter telephoned from college to inform me that she had made a decision about dining out : Now that she had become Orthodox , she was only going to eat in kosher restaurants .
Tears streamed down my face . I know there are many things that are far worse for a mother to hear . But for a restaurant-obsessed food blogger whose identity is strongly tied to dining out , this was very upsetting . Dining out was a shared passion in our family . I devoted hours of my free time to researching restaurants , as every meal out was an opportunity to be seized . I discovered online communities where restaurants were as hotly debated as politics . I kept a bulging file of reviews from the Washington Post and Washingtonian Magazine and made lengthy lists of restaurants I wanted to visit . My husband , daughter , and son had been the grateful beneficiaries of my efforts .
Until now .
This was n't the first change my daughter had announced since beginning her transformation from a Conservative Jew to a more strictly observant one , after she graduated from high school . But unlike her other decisions—tossing out her skimpy tank tops in the name of modesty , refraining from turning lights on or off on Shabbat—this one affected not just her , but all of us . And her decision about where she would and would n't eat felt like a dismissal of a family ritual that I had encouraged , one that was particularly dear to me .
* * *
Dining out has been an integral part of my life since I was a child . I have fond memories of vacationing with my parents in Southern Florida , where no trip was complete without a visit to the now-shuttered Wolfie Cohen 's Rascal House . We were herded into a line according to party size and inevitably served by a waitress with big hair who had worked there for 40 years . We indulged in oversized corned beef sandwiches along with bottomless bowls of sour pickles and pickled tomatoes . Once , we all sat separately at the counter so we could each get our own basket of fresh rolls , most of which we took home to enjoy later . This was our own version of family bonding .
As an adult , I began to pursue more adventurous and innovative cuisine . From the time my kids were young , I schlepped them to high-end restaurants , including some that were n't really age-appropriate . On a family vacation to San Francisco in the mid-1990s , we took our then 6-year-old daughter and 9-year-old son to a trendy hot-spot . We were led to our table by a very chic transvestite who navigated us through a packed bar full of inebriated singles . The most kid-friendly food we could find was exorbitantly expensive sliders . We had drinks and a few teensy burgers and high-tailed it out of there—even though my kids were oblivious and would have happily stayed for more . They grew accustomed to out-of-the way adventures for dining destinations , frequently putting up with my fervent determination to locate just the right spot , even when hunger was making us all cranky .
Neither my husband nor I was raised in a kosher home , but we made a decision to keep kosher when we married . We agreed that while our home would be kosher , however , our bodies were another matter . This resulted in some overcompensating in restaurants . Cheeseburgers , pepperoni pizza , barbecued shrimp , BLT sandwiches … nothing was off limits .
Still , our days of the family feasting on crabs , or getting our hands sticky with barbecue sauce from grilled pork ribs , were already long gone before my daughter 's phone call . A few years earlier , when she was 17 , she stopped eating nonkosher food—although she would continue to eat in vegetarian restaurants . Around the same time , my husband , then-president of our Conservative synagogue , decided to observe the dietary laws by eating only vegetarian meals or seafood ( no shellfish ) in restaurants . Next , my nonreligious son declared after graduating from college that eating animals—whether they were kosher or not—was unacceptable to him . I dedicated myself to identifying the best vegetarian restaurants in the D.C. area where we live , and while vacationing managed to discover some world-class spots .
I recognized that the day might come when my daughter might make even more stringent moves . For months , I had been trying to comprehend the plethora of new rules she was adopting about everything from time periods when shopping was not permissible to restrictions about dog-walking on Shabbat . As she stepped out of the halls of her Jewish high school for the last time , something inside her clicked : She believed in God , and she would demonstrate this by fully incorporating the teachings of the Torah into her life . She never questioned the sacrifices . But all too often our conversations ended in tears—sometimes hers , sometimes mine . I perceived each step she took toward more stringent religious observance as a movement away from our family . With family celebrations looming , I wondered if she would be willing or able to participate in these simchas , where the levels of observance would n't be up to her own . Was she headed into black-hat territory ? I had many sleepless nights , wondering what would become of the girl I 'd known who was a foodie , a funky fashionista , an indie-rock lover , and a TV addict .
Continue reading : A new tradition
I should n't have been shocked by my daughter 's decision to abide by Jewish law . We 'd sent her to Charles E. Smith Jewish Day School from grades 4 through 12 , and she 'd been an active leader in B'nai B'rith Youth Organization . We had weekly Shabbat dinners at home and attended synagogue regularly . We bought kosher meat and kept separate dishes and cutlery but were n't strict about every product being certified . If it did n't have treyf ingredients , it was acceptable . I hoped my children would adopt some of these practices when they had their own families .
But when my daughter took her observance to the next level , it threw me for a loop . Suddenly our home was n't kosher enough and our rituals barely sufficed . My heart sank at the realization that she would no longer want to eat in a home with cheese or bread that did n't have a hekhsher , or share a Shabbat meal that was prepared after sundown . Practices that we believed had once demonstrated our commitment to Judaism , and happy occasions celebrated with restaurant meals , were family traditions now in question . Living in Washington , there was a limited number of kosher restaurants , none better than passable . The thought of forever being restricted to these venues was depressing .
Then I discovered that Top Chef Season 3 winner Hung Huynh was temporarily serving as executive chef at Solo , a high-end kosher restaurant in Manhattan , and I could hardly contain my excitement . I leaped to the phone , tripping over a towering stack of issues of Food and Wine magazine . I inhaled as I called my daughter to see if we could make a trip to New York together , and then called the restaurant for a reservation . The meal was unforgettable . I was thrilled to be dining at the hands of a Top Chef winner . If I turned my head ever so slightly , I could see Chef Hung in the kitchen . My daughter implored me not to say anything , afraid that in my enthusiasm for meeting the newly minted TV star I would embarrass her . But then Chef Hung paid us a visit , upon my request . While I nervously toyed with my perfectly cooked Asian-spiced vegetables , I “ calmly ” tried to explain the significance of our dinner . “ She keeps kosher , ” I told him , smiling toward my daughter . “ I am a Top Chef-loving maniac who eats almost anything . The fact that you are cooking here is an incredible opportunity for us , ” I said , holding back tears . I glanced over at my daughter to check her level of humiliation . She was smiling , and so was Chef Hung . And so was I . Our family ritual would still endure , satisfying my newly observant daughter and her still-discriminating food-blogger mom .
* * *
Five years have passed since my daughter 's momentous decision , and we are all still learning to cope and compromise . I 've given up bringing noncertified food items into our home , and I cook food to bring with us on vacations . I get excited about eating shwarma at the nearby Max 's Kosher Café . On Tuesday nights there is an all-you-can-eat Indian buffet at a kosher market that really is n't bad . And I do n't mind the chicken wings at the Distrikt Bistro in the D.C. Jewish Community Center . And when my daughter and I can share a truly positive culinary experience , as we have done on more than one occasion , I still rejoice .
But I 've also discovered a new way to enjoy sharing a meal . My daughter has become , like her father , a competent and creative cook . And so I 've come to recognize that rather than dining out , all of us occasionally preparing a meal together in our now glatt kosher home can be an incredibly rewarding experience . When it comes to dining , in the end , everything is relative .
* * *
Like this article ? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine 's new content in your inbox each morning .
Lori Gardner lives in Silver Spring , Maryland , and blogs about dining out at Been There , Eaten That .
0 People rescued after apartment removes stairs
DEKALB COUNTY , Ga. - Firefighters rescued several people trapped on the second floor of an apartment building after the complex removed the stairs .
The staircase at the Maple Walk Apartments in Decatur is the only way in and out of several homes .
“ This is crazy . How can you cut off access to the stairs and everybody 's in their apartments ? ” neighbor Andre Williams said .
Tenants at a 2nd flr Apt complex are told there will be no stairs until Thursday . Now they are stuck and unable to leave . @ wsbtv pic.twitter.com/F6UEPN6Vde — Leo Chavarria ( @ LeoChavarriaWSB ) June 5 , 2017
Neighbors told Channel 2 's Sophia Choi they woke up to the stairs being removed and no way to get down .
“ What if there 's a fire or anything ? Or someone hyperventilates , anything , any health problems ? '' Quintas Harris asked .
They found notices on their doors saying there would be no access to the stairs until Thursday .
“ They gave us no notice . No nothing . They were already taking the stairs down when we got the notice this morning , ” Shawnta Tiller said .
Choi tried to get a comment from complex managers but no one answered the door or returned her call . The fire marshal was n't able to reach them either .
Some residents say they did get a letter last week asking them to vacate after the stairs crumbled and started to lean .
“ The right side of the stairwell collapsed . It slammed me into the wall , ” Tiller said .
The letter offered to pay for hotel rooms for residents who had to move out .
`` Rent credit will be given for you to stay in a hotel tonight and rent will not be charged for the amount of days it takes to get it repaired . You can have the option of being released from your lease without any penalty , '' the letter read .
Tiller said she and her neighbors decided to stay in the apartments after management used wood beams to support the staircase .
TRENDING STORIES :
Then on Monday , with no knock to warn them , residents say they woke up to crews removing their only way out .
“ You ca n't lock everybody up here . We feel trapped ! There could be a fire . How are we supposed to get down ? ” Tiller said .
Choi called the fire department , who came out with a ladder to help get people to safety .
Rescued ! Firefighters help get residents down after apt complex removes stairs- only way to upstairs units ! @ wsbtv 4p pic.twitter.com/Epo84o59DN — Sophia Choi ( @ SophiaWSB ) June 5 , 2017
The rescued residents are now scrambling to find another place to stay until the stairs are fixed .
The fire marshal said the complex could get cited for code violations .
He said the lesson in this situation is to call for help right away .
`` It 's better to be proactive , before an emergency takes place , as this case , than wait until a tragedy occurs because it certainly is not worth it . One phone call and it will be addressed , '' Joseph Cox said .
The repair crew told Choi they plan to be back tomorrow to finish the job .
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) -- Less than a year and a half into his first term as New York State Senator , Marc Panepinto announced Tuesday he will not run for re-election in November .
Citing health issues for a personal friend and law partner , family matters , a potential new rule on outside income and a personnel matter , Panepinto said he will focus on his law practice and his family rather than seek re-election .
`` For reasons both personal and professional , I am not seeking re-election in the New York State Senate , '' Panepinto said .
The state Senator won the November 2014 election with just 34 percent of the vote , as the populace was split between the Democrat and incumbent Mark Grisanti and Republican Kevin Stocker .
Panepinto 's press conference focused in on the potential new rule that could ban outside income for New York State senators -- Panepinto is an attorney -- but took a turn when members of the media asked about staff turnover .
Panepinto admitted he hired a new chief of staff on Saturday , after his former chief of staff became involved in a `` personnel matter . ''
Panepinto declined to discuss it further .
`` There has been some turnover and I am participating in that process , '' Panepinto said , noting , however , there is no current ethics investigation .
Panepinto said he has n't endorsed anybody for the seat yet , but wants to see a Democrat take over the seat when he vacates it .
Erie County GOP Chairman Nick Langworthy said he was surprised by the announcement . But he said there 's likely more to the story .
`` To say that his tenure has been very ethically challenged would be an understatement , '' Langworthy said . `` When you look at the career of Sen. Panepinto , it 's had a cloud over it from the beginning . Marc Panepinto was elected with roughly 35 percent of the vote in a very strange four-way campaign . He never enjoyed a majority of support of voters in his district , and now it looks like he 's leaving office with a cloud over his head as well .
`` The timing certainly is suspect , '' he added . `` And I 'm sure there will be some facts that come out that we do n't know about yet . ''
Erie County Democratic Committee Chairman Jeremy Zellner said the party two weeks ago endorsed Panepinto to run again in November .
He said he feels it 's the correct choice given the current circumstance and the importance of the seat .
`` It 's a seat that the whole state of New York will be watching on election night , '' Zellner said . `` We want to put forth the strongest candidate for our district and we want to win that seat and keep it in democratic hands come November . ''
Zellner said he was n't sure about what he called rumors surrounding Panepinto 's office .
`` I do n't really know what 's happening , '' Zellner said . `` In this business , it 's hard to respond to rumors because you hear them every day about all kinds of things . But I think there is a process that will work itself out . The senator mentioned something about some kind of staff situation . If there is an investigation , I 'm sure we 'll hear more about it . ''
Zellner also released the following statement that read in part :
`` The Erie County Democratic Committee will now move forward with a careful , inclusive nominating process in order to select the strongest possible candidate to represent the 60th Senate District at a time of great challenges and opportunities for our region and our state . ''
In which we aid the Monarchists in liberating Romania from Totalitarianism .
In mid-October the Bucharest circle began its uprising to overthrow the Iron Guard Legion and restore Carol II to his rightful throne . We have decided to aid the Monarchists to put them in our debt and also rid Europe of the Romanian tyrants.Now we march our small army across the Danube to attack the Iron Guard from the rear .
Once allied with the Monarchists we conduct a technology exchange where we mutually benefit from the other 's research . Romania grants us documents regarding production , blood transfusions and anti-air weapons while we grant them our research on agriculture and modern military infantry equipment .
Our official Declaration of War was made in our new Parliament building that had just been opened . Through prestigious projects like this we are slowly restoring hope to the Serbian people .
Our army arrives in Turnu Severin unopposed and we begin attacking Craiova to the East . The Iron Guard army protecting the province is both smaller and somehow even more technologically backwards than our own .
Our artillery smashes the enemy lines . This grants us an easy victory and our army moves ever closer to Bucharest .
We pursue the enemy further East as they rout towards Bucharest . By this point it seems as though the enemy are withdrawing to protect just Ploiești and Bucharest .
Ploiești is the site of Romania 's largest oil reserves so we make it a priority to capture the city . Ironically if the Iron Guard continued to send oil to Germany they possibly could have used it as a bargaining chip for German intervention .
Our army expels the Iron Guard from Ploiești . While the enemies army is much larger than our own , it can not win a two front war .
The Socialists in Ukraine lead a coup against the legitimate king Vyshyvanyi and establish a republic . This is a worrying development as not only does Ukraine border our new ally Romania but they have already made it clear that they wish to ally with the French which will draw German attention to our region ...
Realising all is lost many Iron Guard soldiers surrender to our army as they fear being executed by the Monarchists post war . In Ploiești 17,000 men fleeing from Braila were taken prisoner .
By the end of November our forces converge on Bucharest . The defenders are made up of a mixture of emergency conscripts and the Iron Guard 's elite infantry formations .
After a few days of fighting we make decent progress into the city while the Monarchists keep up pressure from the East . Casualties are mounting for both sides however the Iron Guard are sustaining the most damage .
The Battle of Bucharest ends with the Romanians losing twice as many men as our own . While many civilians have been displaced by the combat this battle was relatively short lasting just 8 days . Due to this expect many civilians to be able to return to their homes without issue .
Bucharest falls fully under our control leaving just one single pocket left of Legion resistance . With the Iron Guard having to choose between surrendering to either us or the Monarchists they allowed themselves to be taken as our prisoners . Codreanu shall rot in a Serbian jail until we can decide what to do with him and his cronies .
Remaining Legion forces surrender and we transfer control of our occupied territories to the Monarchists .
Romania has been freed from Legion oppression and a new light has dawned on Romania 's future . Naturally the nations of the world do not delay in recognising the new government .
Carol II has been restored as Romania 's King and he extends his personal thanks to Serbia for our aid . This military endeavour has improved our prestige and helped to restore our great country 's honour .
After thanking us the new Romanian government demanded that we transfer all Iron Guard prisoners to them for treason charges . Not wanting to unnecessarily anger our new ally we agree .
After the transfer all of the Iron Guard leadership are executed as well as many of the rank and file men that we captured . This was not particularly the outcome we wanted for the conscripts but not much can be done now ...
The Romanian government reestablishes itself in Bucharest . Aside from this we have received disturbing reports of a military buildup on the Ukrainian border . In response to this we will temporarily station some of our men there .
Our agriculture continues to modernise as we move on to adopting fertilisers for our farms . The Austrian embargo has left us with a food shortage so improvements in this area are very important .
We suffered 13,000 losses in the war with the Legion which is a substantial amount considering our small size . These men shall be regarded as heroes by future generations .
Our men report increased Ukrainian activity on the border with many weapons being smuggled in to God-knows-where . Murmurs of a Socialist revolution are heard in in the countryside across Romania after weeks of this activity ...
On the 25th of December several major Syndicalist revolts break out across Romania with there even being an assault on Parliament itself in Bucharest . Thankfully the Romanian army contained these revolutionary uprisings however just barely after Romania began to restore order Ukraine declares war on our new ally , dragging us into yet another war .
The Ukrainians claim that they are fighting a revolutionary war to free the Romanian people from Capitalism and further the World Revolution . More likely they are doing this to impress the leadership in Paris and annex the Romanian region of Bessarabia . We stand with our Orthodox brothers against the Godless Syndicalists !
Having stationed our army on the Ukrainian border we launch a preemptive strike into Transnistria . The Ukrainian army is much larger than ours and Romania 's combined so our only hope is a series of decisive victories that will force the Ukrainians to accept a White Peace .
The largest Ukrainian formations are found in Odessa where our forces struggle to make much of an advance .
However upstream we mark the start of 1937 by managing to cross into Tiraspol .
Subsequently we begin to attack Odessa from another angle while another army marches into Balta . Unlike the Romanian Civil War Serbs and Romanians are fighting side by side which is having a positive impact on morale .
Exploiting Romania 's weakness the German Empire demands that Romania continues its previously agreed oil shipments free of charge . Not wanting to anger the Germans , our ally agrees much to the disgust of the broader population .
As our armies move further into Ukraine additional enemy divisions arrive with 8 being detected near Odessa and 10 near Vinnitsa . The Ukrainian army is equipped with German weaponry that had been granted to the previous government so enemy divisions are much better equipped than our own . More Ukrainian divisions are certainly on the way so we have only a small window to achieve a decisive victory .
The so-called `` Pearl of the Black Sea '' becomes our primary target as the capture of Ukraine 's third largest city and the defeat of 7 enemy divisions should be enough to force a white peace.Odessa is well defended however with the river Dniester providing a natural barrier . On top of this the small Ukrainian navy is also in position to provide fire support .
We begin training two more divisions for our state army . They will finish some time later this year so we doubt that they will see combat against Ukraine .
The battle of Odessa rages on as both sides suffer 20,000 casualties each . We do believe that the battle is going in our favour however .
In spite of the Civil War , botched Syndicalist Revolution and ongoing war with Ukraine our Romanian allies decide to allow Parliamentary elections to go ahead .
We achieve our great victory in Odessa as Ukrainian forces retreat from the city . With this we send our Socialist enemies an offer for peace .
Ukraine agrees to a white peace and as an added humiliation Transnistria is demilitarised to ensure that Ukraine will pose no further threat to the Balkans . A great victory for Serbia alongside Romania in our fight against Syndicalism .
For the first time in many months our army returns to Serbian soil to recover from months of war . Many medals have been given out to celebrate the heroes of Serbia .
It has been one month since the Berlin crash and the world economy in still in a slump . We remain isolated from the turmoil ...
The Austrian 1937 Ausgliech is set to begin in just over a week so this provides us with an opportunity to exploit Austria 's weakness and make the final break from the Habsburg sphere of influence . Marshal Bojovic has ruled over Serbia for many years but now it is time for Serbia to become truly independent . After considering our options , we decide on inviting the legitimate Serbian King to retake the throne .
Aleksandar agrees to take charge of Serbia once again and returns from his exile in Greece . Following the Romanian example , Aleksandar decides on reforming the Serbian government into a Constitutional Monarchy . This will bind our nation closer to Romania and also bring Serbia into the 20th century . This sets our country in opposition both to the absolutist Habsburgs and the Godless Syndicalists .
Following a week of campaigning the Liberal Democratic party comes out of the election with a majority . The Liberals prioritise expanding constitutional freedoms and also modernising the economy which makes them a fine fit for our backwards nation .
Ljubomir Davidović takes charge of our young Democracy . He is hardworking and pragmatic which will allow us to take advantage of opportunities as they come .
After settling mundane matters relating to agriculture , the economy and education we decide on following an ambitious foreign policy for liberating the Balkans from foreign occupation . While many of our citizens would prefer a policy of simply expanding just into Serbian areas , Ljubomir has declared that all South Slavic peoples deserve to be free and the only way this can be achieved is by bringing them into a South Slavic Federation ; Yugoslavia .
Our claimed territories span from Skopje in the south to Trieste in the north west . This will bring us into conflict with many of our neighbours however we can not allow our brother peoples to suffer under foreign occupation any longer !
The 1937 Ausgliech quickly spirals out of control as Austria attempts to force its empire to centralise into a single state . Negotiations quickly shift from centralising the empire to granting Hungary independence which is rejected by the Habsburg Government . As Austria begins to move troops to restore control in Hungary , civil war breaks out across the Empire .
Our old enemy begins to collapse as the constituent nations of the empire begin to take sides in the brewing Civil War and Germany refuses to intervene . This Civil-War will provide us with a golden opportunity to exploit the Austrian 's weakness and liberate the parts of Yugoslavia under Habsburg domination . It will be a dangerous road to take especially if we make a mistake along the way but with God on our side , we will undoubtedly succeed . Onwards , for Serbia !
Oh yes , I said , to which he replied , In that case , it 's the worst thing I 've ever read . He saw me blanch and continued , I did n't say it was untalented , but let 's look at it . He proceeded to discuss it as if it were a serious piece . He started right from the first stage direction ; and I 've often said , at the risk of hyperbole , that I probably learned more about writing songs that afternoon than I learned the rest of my life . He taught me how to structure a song , what a character was , what a scene was ; he taught me how to tell a story , how not to tell a story , how to make stage directions practical .
Of course when you 're fifteen you 're a sponge . I soaked it all up and I still practice the principles he taught me that afternoon . From then on , until the day he died , I showed him everything I wrote , and eventually had the Oedipal thrill of being able to criticize his lyrics , which was a generous thing for him to let me do .
INTERVIEWER
I 've read that one of the things you learned from him was the power of a single word .
SONDHEIM
Oscar dealt in very plain language . He often used simple rhymes like day and May , and a lot of identities like “ Younger than springtime am I / Gayer than laughter am I. ” If you look at “ Oh , what a beautiful mornin ' ! / Oh , what a beautiful day ! ” it does n't seem like much on paper , but he understood what happens when music is applied to words—the words explode . They have their own rainbows , their own magic . But not on the printed page . Some lyrics read well because they 're conversational lyrics . Oscar 's do not read very well because they 're colloquial but not conversational . Without music , they sound simplistic and written . Yet it 's precisely the hypersimplicity of the language that gives them such force . If you listen to “ What 's the Use of Wond'rin ' ” from Carousel , you 'll see what I mean .
INTERVIEWER
He also stressed the importance of creating character in songs .
SONDHEIM
Remember , he 'd begun as a playwright before he became a songwriter . He believed that songs should be like one-act plays , that they should have a beginning , a middle , and an end . They should set up a situation , have a development , and then a conclusion . . . exactly like a classically constructed play . Arthur Pinero said about playwriting : “ Tell them what you 're going to do , then do it , then tell them you 've done it. ” If that 's what a play is , Oscar 's songs are little plays . He utilized that approach as early as Show Boat . That 's how he revolutionized musical theater—utilizing operetta principles and pasting them onto American musical comedy .
INTERVIEWER
That afternoon , as I recall , Hammerstein also outlined for you a curriculum and told you he wanted you to write four things . It sounds like a wonderful fairy tale . What were they ?
SONDHEIM
First , he said , take a play that you like , that you think is good , and musicalize it . In musicalizing it , you 'll be forced to analyze it . Next , take a play that you think is good but flawed , that you think could be improved , and musicalize that , seeing if you can improve it . Then take a nonplay , a narrative someone else has written—it could be a novel , a short story—but not a play , not something that has been structured dramatically for the stage , and musicalize that . Then try an original . The first one I did was a play by George S. Kaufman and Marc Connelly , Beggar on Horseback , which lends itself easily to musicalization because it 's essentially a long fantasy . We performed that at college when I was an undergraduate at Williams . I got permission from Kaufman to do it and we had three performances . It was a valuable experience , indeed . The second one , which I could n't get permission for , was a play by Maxwell Anderson called High Tor , which I liked but thought was sort of clumsy . Then I tried to adapt Mary Poppins . I did n't finish that one because I could n't figure out how to take a series of disparate short stories , even though the same characters existed throughout , and make an evening , make an arc . After that I wrote an original musical about a guy who wanted to become an actor and became a producer . He had a sort of Sammy Glick streak in him—he was something of an opportunist . So I wrote my idea of a sophisticated , cynical musical . It was called “ Climb High. ” There was a motto on a flight of stone steps at Williams , “ Climb high , climb far , your aim the sky , your goal the star. ” I thought , Gee , that 's very Hammersteinish . I sent him the whole thing . The first act was ninety-nine pages long . Now , the entire script of South Pacific , which lasted almost three hours on the stage , was only ninety-two pages . Oscar sent my script back , circled the ninety-nine , and just wrote , Wow !
Randy Carlyle attempts to remember
what a smile feels like
Almost six years ago , the Maple Leafs were in a bad place . They 'd missed the playoffs for a team record three straight years . The Muskoka Five situations had just unfolded . They 'd fired John Ferguson Jr. , but failed in their efforts to lure Brian Burke out of Anaheim . And fans were starting to wonder : Is this the worst it 's ever been ?
So I decided to find out . In what would go on to become one of the most popular set of posts from this blog 's first year , I went back to 1983 and reviewed a quarter century of Maple Leafs misery , assigning a `` How bad was it ? '' score to each season .
The conclusion : Yes , it really was the worst that it had ever been . With a final score of 95/100 , the just-completed 2007-08 season took the crown as the worst in recent Leafs history .
But that was a long time ago . In the years since , I 've often heard from fans wanting to know when I 'd update the series with entries from the Burke/Nonis era . I always figured I 'd know when the time was right . Today , with news of Randy Carlyle 's contract extension , I think that time has arrived .
And so , six seasons later , it 's time for the sequel . Welcome to part four , as we try to answer the question : Is this the worst it 's ever been ?
2008-09
The good : The Leafs fail to hire a GM during the summer like they said they would , and head into the season with Cliff Fletcher still in charge . But it turns out to be all part of a master plan , as Brian Burke mysteriously becomes available a month into the season and is hired after all . He gives an entertaining press conference that introduces the word `` truculence '' to the sports world , and eventually has his own guys in place , like Ron Wilson and Dave Nonis . He also outbids Ottawa for college free agent Tyler Bozak , who projects as a possible third-liner someday .
The bad : Before Burke arrives , Fletcher makes a series of odd moves , like trading up to draft Luke Schenn , signing Jeff Finger and trading away Alex Steen . He also fails to get anything for Mats Sundin 's negotiating rights , and gives the Habs a second round pick for some punk kid named Mikhail Grabovski .
The team struggles through another non-playoff year , finishing last in the Northeast while leading the NHL in goals allowed . Jason Blake is the team 's leading scorer . The goaltending , led by Vesa Toskala and Curtis Joseph , is terrible . Burke should probably get to work on fixing that .
Sundin eventually signs with the Canucks , then comes back to Toronto and beats the Leafs with a shootout-winning goal . It 's pretty much the highlight of the season .
How bad was it ? 75/100 . The team is terrible , but at least Burke seems to have a plan . For the first time in years , there 's a palpable feeling of hope .
2009-10
The good : The Leafs draft Nazem Kadri , leading to one of the great draft floor moments of all time . In September , Burke trades three draft picks to the Bruins for Phil Kessel . Despite missing the first month , Kessel scores 30 goals andeveryone agrees that the deal will be a good one for the Leafs as long as the draft pick does n't end up being unexpectedly high , like tenth .
Later in the season , Burke acquired Dion Phaneuf in exchange for a handful of spare parts , and also manages to somehow offload both Toskala and Jason Blake 's contract .
The bad : Burke signs a ton of free agents , pretty much all of whom are expensive busts . The team loses its first eight games and is basically eliminated from the playoffs by Halloween . Toskala and rookie Joasn Gustavsson provide the team with almost historically bad goaltending , and as the season wears on , it becomes apparent that the Leafs could finish dead last and hand the Bruins the # 1 overall pick . They avoid that , narrowly , but finish 29th instead .
How bad was it ? 90/100 . Just an awful year . Among the many , many awful elements of this season was the nagging feeling that Burke was n't as smart as we 'd all hoped he was , and the next few years was just going to be more of the same . But the Phaneuf trade inspired just enough confidence to keep this year out of `` worst ever '' contention .
2010-11
The good : The offseason is mostly quiet , although the Leafs do add Kris Versteeg and Clarke MacArthur , the latter on a discount deal . Phaneuf is named captain , and immediately starts futzing with the volume on the dressing room stereo . Avoiding a repeat of the previous season 's disastrous start , the Leafs win their first four games .
Kessel scores 30 again , and the MacArthur/Grabovski/Nikolai Kulemin line is excellent . An unheralded rookie goalie named James Reimer appears and wins the starting job , giving the team decent goaltending for the first time in years . Grateful fans swear they 'll never turn on him after one cold streak . Late in the season , Burke makes a pair of great trades , getting Joffrey Lupul and Jake Gardiner from the Ducks and sending Kaberle to the Bruins for Joe Colborne and a first round pick .
The bad : The Leafs watch the Bruins use their draft pick to take Tyler Seguin . They also give a lot of money to Colby Armstrong , and any money at all to Brett Lebda .
Despite the early win streak , the team still is n't very good , finishing with 85 points and missing the playoffs yet again . That gives the Bruins another top ten pick , and ensures that nobody will ever shut up about the Kessel deal ever .
How bad was it ? 65/100 . It certainly was n't a good year , but the Leafs are finally starting to look like Burke 's team . Reimer , MacArthur , Grabovski , Colborne , Gardiner… you can build around that , right ?
2011-12
The good : The highlight of the offseason is Burke somehow turning Lebda into a useful player in Cody Franson . Kessel scores another 30 , Lupul is a point-a-game player , Grabovksi has another solid year , and Bozak is looking pretty good for a depth guy .
The Leafs start hot again , going 7-2-1 . Things are going so well by December that Ron Wilson gets a contract extension for Christmas . By February 6 , they 're sitting at 28-19-6 and are a lock for the playoffs . The `` good '' section ends right about here .
The bad : The 18-wheeler goes off the cliff , as the Leafs go 1-9-1 in their next 11 . Wilson is fired , and replaced by Randy Carlyle because hey , when you have a historic late-season collapse the head coach obviously has to go .
The Leafs finish with just 80 points , missing the playoffs for the seventh year in a row . Tim Connolly is yet another free agent bust , and the Leafs use their top pick on Tyler Biggs . Reimer has a so-so sophomore season after suffering a head injury suffered in October . Maybe his helmet was too hot .
Fans throw waffles . Do n't ask .
How bad was it ? 85/100 . Leaf fans could really use a break from this team .
2012-13
The good : Leaf fans get a break from this team , and also the rest of the league , thanks to a lockout that postpones the start of the season until January . In a surprising move , Burke is fired once the lockout ends , which is a controversial move but at least sends the message that the front office will be held accountable for failure ( except for the other three dozen guys in the front office , including new GM Dave Nonis , who all keep their jobs ) .
Before he 's fired , Burke manages to fleece the Flyers into a Schenn-for-James van Riemsdyk deal , and the Leafs draft a real live prospect in Morgan Rielly . Once the season starts , Kessel 's great yet again , Kadri has a breakthrough year , and Reimer stands on his head again . The team gets outshot every night , but manages to ride the percentages to a winning record and , for the first time in almost a decade , an honest-to-god playoff spot .
They take the favored Bruins all the way to a game seven , then stun the Boston crowd by jumping out to a 4-1 lead with just 12 minutes left .
The bad : Screw you .
How bad was it ? 70/100 . I know , I know . Everyone remembers the game seven collapse , and rightly so . But this season had its share of positives . The Leafs are back , baby !
2013-14
The good : Do we have to ?
OK , fine , here goes : The Leafs acquire Jonathan Bernier in a deal that not everyone likes , but works out great . Kessel has yet another big year that includes a long extension ; van Riemsdyk scores 30 ; and Bozak has a career year . Uh , what else… Rielly has a decent rookie year , and Mason Raymond is pretty good , I guess . Oh , and Dave Bolland plays well for a few games , which somehow turns out to be crucially important .
And despite once again being a terrible possession team that threatens the modern record for shots allowed , the Leafs are somehow still solidly in a playoff spot at the Olympic break .
The bad : Let 's do this chronologically : the Leafs use a compliance buyout on Grabovski , paying him $ 14M to go away even though he 's their best two-way center , and they let MacArthur walk as a free agent . That gives them a ton of cap space , which they use to resign Bozak and to give David Clarkson the league 's worst contract . When people point out that giving seven years to a guy like Clarkson seems insane , Nonis says he does n't care because he 's only worried about year one . New MLSE CEO Tim Leiweke shows up and immediately embarrasses himself by announcing that he 's planning a parade route . He also gives Nonis an extension even though he does n't need one .
Bolland gets hurt after a month , which becomes the organization 's go-to excuse for the rest of the season . Clarkson is awful . It becomes increasingly apparent that Carlyle has no idea how to fix the team 's defensive problems . The team 's luck runs out at the end of the season and they suddenly ca n't buy a win . Carlyle points the finger at Reimer , and some Leaf fans actually go along with . The whole organization starts incessantly spouting meaningless buzzwords like `` compete level '' and `` identity '' .
The Leafs go 2-12-0 the close out the schedule and miss the playoffs yet again
Leweike vows that there will be culture change and hires Brendan Shanahan to make it happen . Instead , all the key decision-makers keep their jobs , and Carlyle actually gets an extension . The team is capped out , the prospect cupboard is mostly bare , and almost the entire core is locked into long-term contracts . They 're screwed .
How bad was it ? 93/100 . What the hell have I done with the last six years of my life ?
And so there you have it . It 's bad . It 's really bad . But no , it 's not the worst it 's ever been . The flaming wreckage of the JFJ/Muskoka Five eras still holds the crown , although just barely . The current Maple Leafs : they really ca n't win anything .
( But , uh , check back after the $ 30 million Dave Bolland extension . )
Coach Todd Bowles does n't believe there were locker room issues last season with the New York Jets , just some minor stuff that got blown out of proportion because of the losing .
That 's interesting because they 've spent a lot of time this offseason addressing problems that did n't exist .
Running back Matt Forte , one of the few over-30 players who survived the roster purge , became the latest player to publicly acknowledge something was amiss last season with the team 's chemistry .
`` Being in that locker room and going through that season , we know what the issues were , '' he told SiriusXM NFL Radio on Tuesday from the NFL Broadcast Boot Camp . `` We identify those issues as a group and meet with the coaches and talk about , 'How do we change that ? How do we change the culture in the locker room ? How do we change the mistakes we made last year ? ' ''
Forte said team leaders have conducted `` a lot of meetings '' with the coaches throughout the offseason , relaying the message to the rest of the players . He spoke in general terms -- no specifics -- but he touched on a topic that was raised by wide receiver Quincy Enunwa at the end of the season . It was Enunwa who said -- quite accurately , I might add -- that the 2016 Jets simply did n't play as a team .
`` There 's a difference between playing next to somebody and ( playing ) for them , '' Forte said . `` I always say that to guys , like last year , when we were in the middle of the season and things were n't going well . We were at practice and I was like , 'Guys , everybody is out here as an individual and we 're just playing next to the guy . Do you really know that guy ? ' If I 'm playing next to you instead of for you , I really do n't trust you . ''
By now , you probably know most of the stuff that happened . There was the Ryan Fitzpatrick-front office contract battle , which set a bad tone in the offseason . There was the Brandon Marshall-Sheldon Richardson feud , which created tension in the locker room . And , of course , there were the Tardy Boys , Richardson and Muhammad Wilkerson , both of whom were benched for a quarter .
Bowles changed the dynamic in the locker room by parting ways with several vets , including Fitzpatrick and Marshall . Now it 's up to Bowles , and his group of team leaders , to rebuild the chemistry for 2017 .
It 's still only May , but the Jets are ahead of 2016 in at least one respect : The team 's most experienced quarterback and likely starter , Josh McCown , is in the building , bonding with teammates . That was n't the case last year with Fitzpatrick , who was n't able to attend offseason activities because he was unsigned .
Forte said McCown , a former teammate with the Chicago Bears , is doing a good job of helping to fill a leadership void at quarterback .
`` He 's been able to reach out to guys throughout the locker room already , and gain that camaraderie , that teammate that you need and that leader ... at quarterback that we need and are pretty much lacking , '' Forte said .
When I awoke with glowing , translucent hands , and hundreds of five-pointed yellow stars lined up along the left of my visual field , my first thought was that a dream must have made itself self-defeatingly obvious . I was a 63-year-old computer science professor . I might 've been dying of brain cancer , but my mind was lucid enough that I 'd refused hospice care , lived at home , still even met sometimes with my students , and most importantly : still answered my email , more or less . I could still easily distinguish dreams from waking reality . Could n't I ?
I stared at the digital clock beside my bed : 6:47am . After half a minute it changed to 6:48 . No leaping around haphazardly . I picked up the two-column conference paper by my nightstand . “ Hash-and-Reduce : A New Approach to Distributed Proximity Queries in the Cloud. ” I scanned the abstract and first few paragraphs . It was n't nonsense—at least , no more so than the other papers that I still sometimes reviewed . The external world still ticked with clockwork regularity . This was no dream .
Nervously , I got up . I saw that my whole body was glowing and translucent . My pajamas , too . A second instance of my body , inert and not translucent , remained in the bed . I looked into the mirror : I had no reflection . The mirror showed a bedroom unoccupied but for the corpse on the bed .
OK , so I was a ghost .
Just then I heard my nurse enter through the front door . “ Bob , how are you feeling this morning ? ” I met her in the foyer . “ Linda , look what happened ! I 'm a ghost now , but interestingly enough , I can still .. ”
Linda walked right through me and into the bedroom . She let out a small gasp when she saw the corpse , then started making phone calls .
Over the following days , I accompanied my body to the morgue . I attended my little memorial session at the university , made note of which of my former colleagues did n't bother to show up . I went to my funeral . At the wake , I stood with my estranged wife and grown children , who mostly remained none the wiser—except when they talked about how eerie it was , how it felt like I was still there with them . Or maybe I 'd say something , and get no response from my family , but then five minutes later their conversation would mysteriously veer toward the topic I 'd broached . It seemed that I still had full input from the world of the living , but that my only output channel was doing spooky haunted things that still maintained plausible deniability about my existence .
Questions flooded my mind : were there other ghosts ? Why was I in this purgatory … or whatever it was ? Would I be here forever ? And : what was that column of yellow stars in the left of my visual field , the stars that followed me everywhere ?
Once it seemed clear that I was here to stay , for some definition of “ here , ” I figured I might as well do the same stuff that filled my waking hours when I was alive . I pulled up a chair and sat at my laptop . I hit up The Washington Post , The Onion , xkcd , SMBC Comics , Slate Star Codex . They all worked fine .
Then I switched to the Gmail tab . Hundreds of new messages . Former students asking for recommendation letters , prospective students wanting to work with me , grant managers howling about overdue progress reports , none of them bothering to check if I was dead .
I replied to one randomly-chosen email :
Dear Ashish ,
Thanks for your interest in joining our group . Alas , I 'm currently dead and walking the earth as a translucent wraith . For that reason , I 'm unable to take on new PhD students at this time .
Best of luck !
–Bob
I clicked “ Send ” and—part of me was expecting this—got an error . Message not sent . Email could n't cross the barrier from the dead to the living : too obvious .
Next I opened my “ Starred ” folder . I was greeted by 779 starred messages : each one a pressing matter that I 'd promised myself I 'd get to while alive but did n't .
Dear Bob ,
Hope you 're well . I think I 've found another error in your 2002 paper ‘ Cache-Oblivious Approximation Algorithms for Sparse Linear Algebra on Big Data . ' Specifically , in the proof of Lemma 4.2 , you assume a spectral bound [ har har , spectral ] , even though your earlier definition of the matrix A_i seems to allow arbitrary norm…
I chuckled . Well , I did spend most of my life on this stuff , did n't I ? Should n't I sort this out , just for the sake of my intellectual conscience ?
I opened up my old paper in Ghostview ( what else ? ) and found the offending lemma . Then I took out pen and paper—they worked , luckily , although presumably my scribblings remained invisible to the living—and set to work . After an hour , I 'd satisfied myself that the alleged error was nothing too serious , just a gap requiring a few sentences of clarification . I sadly had no direct way to tell my years-ago correspondent that , assuming the correspondent was still even alive and research-active and at the same email address . But still : good for my peace of mind , right ?
Then something happened : the first intimation of what my life , or rather undeath , was to consist of from then on . Faintly but unmistakably , one of the tiny yellow stars in the left of my visual field became a blue-gray outline . It was no longer filled with yellow .
Excitedly , I clicked through more starred emails . Some I saw no easy way to deal with . But every time I could satisfy myself that an email was no longer relevant—whether it was an invitation to a long-ago workshop , a grant that I never applied for , a proposed research collaboration rendered moot by subsequent work—one of those yellow stars in my visual field lost its yellow filling . Before long there were ten blue-gray outline stars , then twenty .
One day , while I invisibly attended an old haunt ( har har ) —the weekly faculty lunch in my former department—I encountered a fellow ghost : a former senior colleague of mine , who 'd died twenty years prior . He and I got to talking .
For the most part , my fellow specter confirmed what I 'd already guessed . Yes , in some long-ago past , purgatory no doubt had a different character . Yes , it 's no doubt different for others , who lived different lives and faced different psychic burdens . For us , though , for the faculty , purgatory is neither more nor less than the place where you must reply to every last email that was still starred “ important ” when you died .
In the afterlife , it turns out , it does n't matter how “ virtuous ” you were , unless altruism happens to have been your obsession while alive . What matters is just that you free yourself from whatever burdened you every night when you went to sleep , that you finish what you started . Those unable to do so remain ghosts forever .
“ So , ” I asked the other polter-guest at the faculty lunch , “ how long does it take a professor to finish answering a lifetime 's worth of emails ? ”
“ Depends . I 've been doing it for twenty years . Hoping to finish in twenty more . ”
“ I see . And when you 've dealt with the last email , what then ? ”
“ You pass to another place . None of us know exactly where . But ” —and here his voice dropped to a whisper , as if anyone else present could hear ghosts— “ it 's said to be a place of breathtaking tranquility . Where researchers like us wear flowing robes , and sit under olive trees , and contemplate truth and beauty with Plato and Euclid , and then go out for lunch buffet . Where there 's no email , no deadlines , no journals , no grant applications , no responsibilities but one : to explore whatever has captured your curiosity in the present moment . Some call it the Paradise of Productivity . ”
“ Does everyone have to pass through purgatory first , before they go there ? ”
“ It 's said that , among all the computer scientists who 've lived , only Alan Turing went straight to Paradise . And he died before email was even invented . When his time comes , Donald Knuth might also escape purgatory , since he forswore email in 1990 . But Knuth , alas , might spend tens of thousands of years in a different purgatory , finishing Volume 4 of The Art of Computer Programming .
“ As for the rest of us , we all spend more or less time here with our wretched emails—for most of us , more . For one computer scientist—an Umesh Vazi-something , I believe , from Berkeley—it 's rumored that when he enters this place , even a trillion years wo n't suffice to leave it . It 's said that the Sun will swallow the Earth , the night sky will go dark , and yet there Umesh will be , still clearing his inbox . ”
After a few years , I 'd knocked off all the easy stuff in my Starred folder . Then , alas , I was left with missives like this :
Hey , earth to Bob !
The rest of us have done our part in writing up the paper . We 're all waiting on you to integrate the TeX files , and to craft an introduction explaining why anyone cared about the problem in the first place . Also , would you mind making a detailed pass through Sections 4.3 and 5.2 ?
Ugh . There were so many slightly different TeX files . Which were the most recent ? This could take a while .
Nevertheless , after weeks of … ghosting on the project , I got to work revising the paper . There was , of course , the practical difficulty that I could n't directly communicate my edits back to the world of the living . Fortunately , I could still do haunted stuff . One day , for example , one of my former coauthors opened her old TeX file , and “ discovered ” that I 'd actually done way more work on the paper while I was alive than anyone remembered I had . The mysteries of when exactly I did that work , and why no one knew about it at the time , were never satisfactorily resolved .
Finally , after fourteen years , I 'd succeeded in putting to rest 731 of my 779 starred emails . In the corner of my visual field was a vast array of blue-gray stars—but still , ominously , 48 yellow stars scattered among them .
“ God in Heaven ! ” I cried . “ Whoever you are ! I ca n't handle any of the remaining starred emails , and thereby pass to the Paradise of Productivity , without sending replies back into the world of the living . Please , I beg you : let me breach this metaphysical wall . ”
A booming voice came down from on high . “ YEA , BOB , WHAT THOU REQUESTETH IS POSSIBLE . THOU WOULDST NOT EVEN BE THE FIRST GHOUL FOR WHOM I WOULDST GRANTETH THIS REQUEST : FAR FROM IT . BUT I MUST WARN THEE : BREACHING THE WALL BETWEEN LIVING AND DEAD WILL BRINGETH FRUITS THAT THOU MAYST NOT LIKE . ”
“ I think I 'll take my chances with those fruits . ”
“ VERY WELL , ” said God .
And that 's how it is that , half a century after my death , I remain in purgatory still , my days now filled with missives like the following :
Dear Bob ,
Thanks for the reply ! I 'm sorry to hear that you 're now a ghost condemned to answer emails before he can pass to the next world . My sympathies . Having said that , I have to confess that I still do n't understand Section 4.2 of your paper . When you get a chance , could you please clarify ? I 've cc'ed my coauthors , who might have additional followup questions .
Note : To anyone who emailed me lately , I apologize for the delay in replying . I was writing this story . –SA
Life Is Strange Before The Storm episode 2 - Release date , new trailer
Life Is Strange Before The Storm episode 2 - entitled ‘ Brave New World ' - will have a release date next week on PS4 , Xbox One and PC .
Square Enix have shown off the first trailer for the latest instalment of the three-part Life Is Strange prequel .
The first instalment of Life Is Strange Before The Storm , which explored the start of Chloe and Rachel 's relationship , left a lot of questions unanswered .
And fans will hopefully have some of these cliffhangers addressed when episode 2 , ‘ Brave New World ' , is released on October 19 .
Here is the official Square Enix blurb for what Life Is Strange fans have in store in episode 2 .
Beware , minor spoilers to follow .
The gaming giant said : “ As Chloe and Rachel 's family life continues to crumble , their friendship blossoms and the two girls discuss running away together .
“ But before they can go , Chloe gets involved with an errand for Frank Bowers which puts her in a dangerous situation and exposes an uglier side to Arcadia Bay . ”
The mysterious loud noise that ear witnesses say sounds like a trumpet calling was heard and recorded by many people this week in Jakarta , Indonesia . It 's a sound that has been heard around the world for decades yet continues to defy explanation .
Jakarta residents reported hearing the trumpet-like sounds seemingly coming from the sky from 6:00 to 7:00 pm on September 11 . Numerous recordings were posted , comments flooded social media and the sound was reported on local television and radio . Witnesses agreed that the sound oscillated in both intensity and loudness until finally stopping . As of this writing , no explanation has been given for the mysterious Jakarta sound .
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=u0BhoS2CGR8
However , theories abound from around the world as similar sounds have been heard for years in the U.S. , Canada , Australia , Germany , Ukraine , Belarus , Colombia and other places . The Belarus incident occurred in 2008 appears to be the first on actually recorded . A woman in British Columbia claims to have heard it multiple times in 2013 and 2015 .
The panic caused by hearing a loud trumpet sound sends many to search for religious explanations like a forewarning of the Apocalypse . We 're still here so we turn to possible scientific causes . Tectonic plates rubbing together can create loud noises . Atmospheric conditions can cause variations on thunder . Tidal waves can cause shock waves and sounds . Then there 's just plain old loud noises from trains , planes , factories and explosions . None of these satisfy those who 've heard it .
NASA likes to talk about the natural radio signals and noises made by the Earth that humans could hear if we had secret receivers implanted in our brains ( Jakartans … check your scalps ! ) . And HAARP gets blamed for sounds that might seem weather-related when there 's no weather to relate them to .
Could this be Jakarta 's version of The Hum ? Not likely since it was clearly picked up by recording equipment and was at a frequency heard by many people , not the low-frequency of The Hum that is only heard by a few .
Running out of possible explanations , there 's always aliens – a low-flying UFO was spotted over Jakarta in July .
So what did the people of Jakarta hear on September 11 , 2015 ? Who knows . Keep listening for further updates .
Flight security expert Chris Roberts says he was pulled off a United Airlines flight for exposing safety flaws in airline entertainment systems . Courtesy : Fox News
UNITED Airlines stopped a prominent security researcher from boarding a California-bound flight late on Saturday , following a social media post by the researcher days earlier suggesting the airline 's on-board systems could be hacked .
Chris Roberts attempted to board a United flight from Colorado to San Francisco to speak at a major security conference there this week , but was stopped by the airline 's corporate security at the gate .
Roberts founded One World Labs , which tries to discover security risks before they are exploited .
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse , New York , and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy .
Find myself on a 737/800 , lets see Box-IFE-ICE-SATCOM , ? Shall we start playing with EICAS messages ? `` PASS OXYGEN ON '' Anyone ? : ) — Chris Roberts ( @ Sidragon1 ) April 15 , 2015
EICAS is an integrated engine-indicating and crew-alerting system used in aircraft to provide crews with engine and other systems instrumentation , such as temperature values , fuel flow and quantity and oil pressure .
Authorities also seized Roberts ' laptop and other electronics , although his lawyer says he has n't seen a search warrant .
Bye bye electronics , all encrypted .... and all now in custody/seized pic.twitter.com/a5o6rYTbZ0 — Chris Roberts ( @ Sidragon1 ) April 16 , 2015
A lawyer for Roberts said United gave him no detailed explanation why he was n't allowed on the plane , saying instead the airline would be sending Roberts a letter within two weeks stating why they would n't let him fly on their aircraft .
“ Given Mr Roberts ' claims regarding manipulating aircraft systems , we 've decided it 's in the best interest of our customers and crew members that he not be allowed to fly United , ” airline spokesman Rahsaan Johnson told The Associated Press .
“ However , we are confident our flight control systems could not be accessed through techniques he described . ”
When asked what threat Roberts posed if United 's systems could n't be compromised , Johnson said : “ We made this decision because Mr. Roberts has made comments about having tampered with aircraft equipment , which is a violation of United policy and something customers and crews should n't have to deal with . ”
Johnson said the airline reached Roberts several hours before his flight to tell him he could n't fly .
Hahaha ! ! Well United , let me tell you about my trip and the new friends I made : - ) ) pic.twitter.com/RUVo8Nlsdu — Chris Roberts ( @ Sidragon1 ) April 16 , 2015
But a lawyer for Roberts said on Sunday that when his client received that call , the caller would only say he or she was from United , and would n't give Roberts a name or callback number . When Roberts then tried calling the number back from his phone 's caller ID , it rang instead to a resort hotel , and Roberts assumed it was a prank call , Roberts ' lawyer said .
In recent weeks , Roberts gave media interviews in which he discussed airline system vulnerabilities .
“ Quite simply put , we can theorise on how to turn the engines off at 35,000 feet and not have any of those damn flashing lights go off in the cockpit , ” he told Fox News .
Roberts also told CNN he was able to connect to a box under his seat at least a dozen times to view data from the aircraft 's engines , fuel and flight-management systems .
“ It is disappointing that United refused to allow him to board , and we hope that United learns that computer security researchers are a vital ally , not a threat , ” said Nate Cardozo , a staff lawyer with the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation , which represents Roberts .
Apparently just made front page Fox News ..... pic.twitter.com/zS8uijWpYu — Chris Roberts ( @ Sidragon1 ) April 17 , 2015
Cardozo said he has n't seen a copy of a search warrant that would have been used to seize Roberts ' electronics , and that he 's working to get the devices returned .
The FBI declined to comment on the matter .
The Government Accountability Office said last week that some commercial aircraft may be vulnerable to hacking over their on-board wireless networks .
“ Modern aircraft are increasingly connected to the internet . This interconnectedness can potentially provide unauthorised remote access to aircraft avionics systems , ” its report found .
Roberts took an alternate flight on Southwest Airlines and arrived in San Francisco Saturday evening . He speaks this week at the RSA Conference about computer security vulnerabilities .
Dallas , the temp capital of America ?
Do n't look for this brag on any brochures soon , but the Dallas-Fort Worth area is crushing it in the staffing business . The sector , which primarily provides temporary workers for everything from warehouses to hospitals , created almost 24,000 jobs in the year ended in July .
That 's almost 1 in 5 new private-sector jobs in the last 12 months . And it 's a growth rate of 23 percent , year over year .
That 's an outrageous benchmark — three times the level of the segment nationwide and easily the highest among large metros .
It 's not a one-month wonder , either . Since April , the annualized growth rate has been in the high teens and higher , and that 's after four straight years of increases in the segment .
What accounts for the Dallas surge ? Staffing experts and industry players offer a range of explanations .
One cited a big increase in business relocations and said demand for tech workers had exploded in the past year and a half . Another speculated that oil and gas companies were raiding workers in other industries , driving up openings across the board . A third chalked it up to Dallas ' high-growth genes .
“ There 's not a real mystery here , ” said Richard Wahlquist , CEO of the American Staffing Association . “ Employment is growing much faster in Dallas , so it makes sense that staffing would be outpacing everywhere , too . ”
It 's one more sign the strengthening economy has plenty of room to run . In the past , a buildup in temp staffing served as a prelude to growth in the broader job market . As employers grow more confident , they convert more temps to permanent staff and make more hires .
Structural change
While that cycle is apparently underway , a structural change is also contributing to Dallas ' temp growth . After dealing with the mass layoffs of the last recession , more employers are using temps , contract workers and outsourcing companies to provide a steady share of their workforce .
“ They do n't want to go through that again ; they want to be able to dial up the workforce and dial it down easily , ” said Jason Leverant , president of the AtWork Group , which franchises staffing offices .
An AtWork branch opened in Irving in May and a Plano outlet opened this month . Leverant said a third was coming to Fort Worth soon . One of the industry giants , ManpowerGroup , said last week that D-FW 's hiring outlook is the strongest in the nation . In a recent survey , 30 percent of surveyed companies here said they planned to increase staffing levels in the fourth quarter .
That 's almost twice as many as a year ago . The measure is also 11 percentage points higher than in the rest of the U.S .
Larger trend
Aegis , an outsourcing firm that operates call centers , recently announced plans to hire 1,000 people .
“ If we could hire all of 'em in a day , we 'd do it , ” said Kevin Nolan , head of marketing .
Most hires will help callers with health care options and prescription programs , and most positions are permanent , with benefits , Nolan said .
Aegis has been doing such work for years , often hiring hundreds at a time . But its additions wo n't swell the local totals for the temp industry , because Aegis ' numbers are included in the business support category , not employment services .
It 's all part of the same trend , however . Outsourcing firms , contract workers , freelancers and temporary help are often described as the contingency workforce . Nationally , the penetration of temps ( as a share of nonfarm employment ) hit 2.08 percent in August , a record high . And the use of contingency workers has grown significantly since the recession .
In 2009 , large companies reported that 12 percent of workers were contingent , according to Staffing Industry Analysts , a research and advisory firm . By last year , the share of contingent workers had grown to 18 percent .
“ Large companies are definitely shifting into this mode , ” said Jon Osborne , vice president of strategic research for the California research firm .
He cited business volatility as a major factor . Companies used to hire enough workers to meet peak demands ; now they operate leaner and bring in temps when extra help is needed .
“ It saves a bundle of money , ” Osborne said .
Some specialties have a labor shortage and temp workers are the fastest way to ramp up . Nurses and tech workers are two examples , and they often command higher pay than permanent staffers .
In the Dallas area , temp spending totaled $ 3.4 billion last year , Osborne said . Almost half went to traditional temp workers in light industrial , construction and office positions . The rest went to high-paid workers in tech , engineering , health care , finance and accounting . Unlike most temps , many professionals do n't want a permanent post .
It 's one more reason contingency work will keep growing — and keep the jobs machine cranking in Dallas .
Follow Mitchell Schnurman on Twitter at @ mitchschnurman .
sss
Call it the Guelph Model .
Contrary to election promises , an overhaul of Canada 's electoral system is no longer part of the federal government 's mandate…for now . But while the idea has stalled in Ottawa , that is not stopping many collaborators in Guelph from pursuing a model of proportional representation aimed at spurring a governmental change of heart .
A coalition of local champions of electoral reform has been working throughout February to come up with a workable model . On Thursday night , supporters of a different kind of system packed into the eBar on Quebec Street for the unveiling of a made-in-Guelph version of what is called local proportional representation .
The model , presented by University of Waterloo 's Byron Weber Becker , borrows from other examples of proportional representation , of which there are many .
But it has the unique feature of clustering together a number of connected ridings , giving voters much more flexibility and choice in how and where they cast their votes .
“ We think this can meet the needs of the moment and help drive the reform process forward , ” Weber Becker said .
Local proportional representation is a system that is ready to be presented to parliament for consideration , he added . It is a system that ensures local representation , sincere voting , accountability , diversity among parliamentarians , and governments that are more collaborative in nature .
Like any nonconventional idea , the mechanism of the model has some confounding elements . But essentially it allows a voter to make up to five choices , on a scale from 1 to 5 , on a ballet that includes all candidates in a cluster of ridings .
How the selections are distributed is up to the voter . They can choose to make just one selection , or spread their five choices across several ridings based on party loyalty , or confine all their selections to just one riding .
As a candidate accumulates the vote total needed to be elected , based on a mathematical formula related to the number of total votes cast relative to the number of candidates . That winning candidate 's excess votes are then equitably distributed to other candidates . This process continues until all winners are determined .
Weber Becker explained that if your highest ranked candidate is eliminated , your ballot goes to the next highest ranked candidate still in the race . And if your highest ranked candidate has more votes than needed to win , your ballot goes to your next highest ranked candidate at a reduced value .
Liberal leader Justin Trudeau promised electoral reform during the 2015 federal election , declaring that if he became prime minister the 2015 vote would be the last under a first-past-the-post system . As of early February that plan was no longer part of the mandate of Minister of Democratic Institutions Karina Gould .
Much work apparently went into the exploration of electoral reform on the part of the government , but no clear preference for an alternative system presented itself , and no consensus emerged . Without broad-based support for reform to the system , the government reneged on the idea .
Many across the country , and a growing number of people in Guelph , see the rescinding of reform as a betrayal . A number of rallies have been held locally , and a multi-party/non-partisan coalition has been working behind the scenes locally to craft a model believed to have the potential for broad-based support .
A number of people addressed Thursday night 's gathering , all under the banner of Democracy Guelph . Rev . Anne Gajerski-Cauley said Canada has been flirting with the idea of electoral reform for 100 years . It is time to make a commitment , she said .
The new model of local proportional representation , she said , gets the country on the road to reform , and would result in representation that more accurately reflects the demographics and diversity of the country .
Mike Schreiner , leader of the Green Party of Ontario , agreed that the local proportional representation model would result in a greater diversity of voices and people in Ottawa .
“ We want to put partisan interests aside and put democracy first , ” he said , speaking of the local effort to bring about reform .
Sara Sayyed said that as a Muslim , a mother , and a person with relatives living in the United States , she is appalled by a level of “ rhetoric and ugliness I never expected to see in my lifetime. ” The US election , she said , is clear evidence of how quickly and surprisingly a vote can turn in a very disturbing direction .
It is easy to become complacent following an election , she said , but it is very important and reassuring to see a coalition like Democracy Guelph fighting for change .
Guelph MP Lloyd Longfield attended Thursday night 's meeting . He said many MPs were disappointed that dialogue on the issue of electoral reform was stalled . But many are happy by what is happening in Guelph around the issue . He vowed to continue to listen and engage in dialogue .
Effingo Wireless , a San Antonio company without much more than a website and a patent , decided to sue Motorola ( PDF ) for patent infringement on Aug. 11 , 2011 . Four days later , Google announced it would be acquiring Motorola , lawsuits and all .
That was probably bad news for Effingo , because even with patent lawsuits sprouting up right and left and the cost of defense in the millions , Google does n't settle many cases . So it suddenly became quite difficult for the founder of Effingo—a Texas patent lawyer named William Ryann—to get Motorola to pay him for his patents . Instead , the case went to trial in San Antonio last week , and Google destroyed Effingo 's patent . A jury found it invalid ( PDF ) after a three-day trial .
Ryann had claimed he invented a new kind of Bluetooth headset , reflected in his US Patent No . 7,505,793 .
Ryann 's patent application was filed in 2005 , and a patent was granted in 2009 . He said the Motorola S9 , S9HD , and S10HD headsets , which displace most of their bulk behind the user 's head , all infringed his patent .
Motorola argued that this had all been done before and that the accused products , which it had designed in 2004 , were n't really that new even then . The judge rejected Motorola 's summary judgment motion , seeing the case in a kind of `` he said , she said , '' paradigm . `` The experts predictably disagree with each other , '' wrote US District Judge Harry Lee Hudspeth . `` Their testimony demonstrates there is a genuine issue of material fact that precludes summary judgment on this issue . ''
Prior art references cited by Motorola did n't disclose an `` actuator at the user 's ear to serve as a physical controlling interface for the user . ''
A non-infringement argument by Motorola failed as well , due to some disagreement about the meaning of the word `` neckline . '' ( Yes , this is seriously what patent lawsuits can boil down to . )
In the end , Motorola won out when a jury was unimpressed by Ryann 's patent . `` While we always prefer to innovate rather than litigate , we make it a policy to fight frivolous patent claims and litigation abuses like this , '' said Motorola spokesman .
Inventor and Effingo owner Ryann told Ars : `` Obviously we are disappointed in the outcome . I am not in a position to discuss things further at this time but would welcome inquiry in the future . '' Although his company has n't marketed any headsets , Ryann emphatically rejected any suggestion that Effingo was a `` patent troll , '' saying , `` We are actively working with a local engineering team on prototyping . Suggestions to the contrary are incorrect . ''
When Chasity Shaw shops for electricity , she knows she 'll have a hard time finding the deal she wants .
Shaw lives alone in a one-bedroom apartment , and uses less power than the typical Texan . As a result , she pays a $ 9.95 penalty fee to her electric provider - every month .
`` It 's quite frustrating because we 're told to conserve energy , but it seems as though these companies are punishing us to do so , '' Shaw said .
Her retail electric provider , NRG Energy affiliate Everything Energy , charges a fee when customers use less than 1,000 kilowatt hours of power . For Shaw , that 's every month - even in the summer .
More than 70 percent of electric plans offered in the Houston area contain terms that may penalize customers who do n't use a certain amount of power , according to a Houston Chronicle analysis of more than 300 plans available in early January .
NRG and other companies with plans that include the fees say they offer a variety of products designed to meet the needs of different kinds of customers . They also point out that fixed fees covering some of their overhead allow them to reduce the rates they charge per kilowatt hour of consumption .
Some plans charge minimum-use fees to customers whose monthly power consumption falls below a particular threshold - usually 1,000 kilowatt hours . Other plans offer credits to customers who exceed a specified threshold of power use .
`` The market probably still has a way to go toward rewarding people for using less , '' said Troy Donovan , market development manager at CenterPoint Energy Services , which runs a website called TrueCost that factors the fees into its analysis of electric plans . It is a division of CenterPoint Energy , the transmission company that distributes electricity in the Houston area regardless of what retailer sells customers their power .
Anti-conservation
Consumer advocates say minimum-use penalties discourage energy conservation at a time when environmental groups , all levels of government and even electric companies themselves are encouraging customers to scale back on energy consumption .
`` These fees often go unnoticed until you really cut back and you realize you still have a larger bill than you expected , '' said Jake Dyer , a policy analyst at the nonprofit Texas Coalition for Affordable Power . `` It 's bad news for a lot of folks doing their best to save power and save on their electric bill . ''
Even customers penalized for using less energy pay for energy efficiency initiatives : A $ 3.05 fee on monthly bills in the Houston area covers installation of technically advanced smart meters partly touted as energy-saving measures ; the city of Houston last year raised residential energy-efficiency requirements .
Only a few Texas areas , including San Antonio and Austin , still have the regulated monopoly utilities that once were the norm . In most of Texas , retail electric companies offer hundreds of rate plans .
In that competitive market , companies structure their rates and fees so they can attract customers and maintain profits . In addition to minimum-use fees , some charge customers for such services as receiving copies of their bills or speaking to customer service agents .
Supporters of the state 's 15-year-old competitive market contend it ensures better prices .
Most plans have fee
But critics say the wide promotion of conservation makes minimum-use fees counterintuitive , and that the array of rate plans fosters confusion among customers trying to navigate the retail market 's complexities .
`` They should n't have to do a math calculation or see the fine print to know what the rate is going to be , '' said Carol Biedrzycki , head of the nonprofit consumer group Texas ROSE .
The state does not maintain records showing how many customers pay minimum-use fees .
The Houston Chronicle analyzed 309 plans offered to Houston-area customers as of Jan. 6 by 49 different retail electric providers through the state 's online retail electric clearinghouse , Power to Choose .
At least 218 included minimum-use fees or bill credits for customers who exceed a specified threshold of power consumption . At least 34 of the 49 Houston-area providers offered at least one such plan . Minimum fees averaged $ 10.67 , mostly for using less than 1,000 kilowatt hours .
Not all electric providers participate in Power to Choose , and some do n't tout all their plans on the website . But since the state does not maintain records of every provider 's electricity plans , Power to Choose is the closest thing to a comprehensive list of electricity plans offered in Texas , said Public Utility Commission spokesman Terry Hadley .
While the low-use penalties are disclosed in documentation available to customers , some say they did n't notice or understand them , or could n't find plans without them .
When Katherine Taconi moved to a new house in Spring in 2013 , she took her builder 's advice and looked for a plan offered by NRG-owned Reliant Energy .
All the options she found included a monthly fee of about $ 10 for using less than 1,000 kilowatt hours . But since she had no idea how much power she 'd use in her new house , she signed up for a Reliant plant .
She wound up paying the fee in 10 of the following 12 months .
`` How are you supposed to know that you are a 'low-user ' until you live in the house for a significant period of time ? '' Taconi asked .
She since has found a Reliant plan with no minimum-use fees .
`` The plans are designed to meet a variety of consumer needs and lifestyles , '' Reliant spokeswoman Patricia Hammond said , `` and to adequately cover the cost of providing the product that the customer chooses . ''
In some cases , minimum-use fees or credits mean customers get higher bills for reducing their consumption .
Houston-based Gexa Energy - which devotes a section of its website to energy conservation tips - offers the `` Gexa Choice 6 '' plan that includes a $ 60 credit when customers hit 1,000 kilowatt hours a month .
A customer who used 1,200 kilowatt hours - about average monthly use for Texas residences , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration - would have an electric bill around $ 78 . But if the customer reduced energy consumption by a third to 800 kilowatt hours , the monthly bill would rise about $ 17 because the customer would lose out on the credit .
Spokeswoman Jo Trizila said the company offers plans to meet the needs of customers at various usage levels .
Penalties often unlisted
The fees are included in a document called an Electricity Facts Label that companies must make available to customers prior to sign-up . But even the names of some plans that charge minimum use fees contain phrases like `` green energy '' that suggest they 're designed to promote conservation or renewable power .
Houston resident Lauren Lampert , who rents a Heights apartment that 's not even 600 square feet , said she regularly pays the fees , especially during the winter months when her consumption is almost nil . `` I do n't really use any electricity - and I get charged a fee , `` Lempert said .
Such fees do n't violate rules set by the state 's Public Utility Commission , said Hadley , the spokesman , though he acknowledged they do n't encourage customers to conserve . `` It takes some extra calculation to determine if a particular plan is the best value based on their usage and to what extent a fee would apply for them , '' Hadley said .
About a third of the Houston-area retail providers the Chronicle examined listed no plans containing penalties or credits based on power use .
TriEagle Energy , based in The Woodlands , charges customers flat monthly fees - in addition to their electricity rate per kilowatt hour - but the fees are n't tied to power consumption . Consumers are more likely to stay with the company if they do n't get surprises like minimum-use fees on their bills , said Kasey Cline , TriEagle 's director of sales and marketing .
Other retailers , how­ever , say the fees make sense .
Champion Energy Services uses them to cover fixed costs that it otherwise would roll into energy rates , said Brenda Crockett , vice president for market development and regulatory affairs . The company has to pay costs of billing and other services for all customers , she added , regardless of their electricity use .
Other companies echoed that response .
`` There 's a cost to cover , whether they 're using 1 kilowatt hour or 1 million kilowatt hours , '' said Robbie Wright , a founder of Bounce Energy , which also charges minimum use fees .
That argument rings hollow with Dyer , of the Texas Coalition for Affordable Power . `` You do n't pay a minimum-use fee when you step into a grocery store , '' Dyer said . `` You do n't pay a minimum-use fee when you shop for any other product . Most businesses price their product in such a way that the people who actually buy it will pay for their fixed-cost infrastructure . ''
Electric provider 4Change Energy offers credits to customers whose usage exceeds 1,000 kilowatt hours . Company president John Geary said the intent is to help offset electricity costs during the most expensive months .
No pricing regulations
Texas has a State Energy Conservation Office dedicated to promoting energy conservation . But it has no authority over pricing models , said Lauren Willis , a spokeswoman for the state comptroller 's office , which oversees the unit .
Tonya Baer , who heads the Texas Office of the Public Utility Counsel , tasked with taking the consumer 's position in utility proceedings , urged electric customers to understand their usage history and how a minimum-use fee would affect their bills .
`` Yes , it discourages conservation , '' she said . `` You 're charging people a fee for not using enough electricity . ''
`` You need to be an informed consumer , '' Baer said .
For 5 days only , starting on Thursday December 15 , ‘ Call of Duty : Infinite Warfare ' will be free to play for both Xbox One and PS4 users . The trial will run from 10:00 AM PT December 15 through 10:00 AM PT December 20 . Although you can play the game for free , having access to campaign , multiplayer , and Zombies mode , there are some restrictions , including a level 15 multiplayer caps , a level 3 Zombies mode cap , and access to only the first two story missions on campaign mode . An Xbox Live Gold membership is also required to take advantage of the free event .
To take advantage of the free trail , all you have to do is search the Xbox Store for “ Call of Duty : Infinite Warfare free trial ” , where you can find a Trial button on the game 's page .. Activision has also stated that any progress and/or experience that you make in the Trial will carry over if you choose to purchase any version of the full game . The download is rather massive for a trail as well , coming in at 60 GB , so make sure to have some space available on your hard drive .
It seems that this may be an effort to increase sales of the title , as it has not performed as well as other games in the franchise , even going so far as having Microsoft refund Call Of Duty : Infinite Warfare players who purchased the game via the Windows Store .
Those who are interested in purchasing the full game can find it here , where you can also take advantage of the free trail event tomorrow .
Sprint will be expanding their personalized delivery and set up service , Direct 2 You , to three new cities in June . Customers in Denver , San Francisco , and New York City will soon be able to have their phone delivered and set up in the comfort of their own home . Sprint first rolled the service out in the middle of April for customers in Kansas City , Chicago , and Miami . The Direct 2 You service is simple , a Sprint representative will deliver your new smartphone to your location , set it up , and even help personalize the device for you .
By the end of August Sprint hopes to reach 10 additional cities , with 30 more cities by the end of September . Are you in one of these new markets ? Be sure to check out the best Sprint phones available today .
Source : Sprint
Global warming by just 2 degrees Celsius is likely to force some tropical plant , animal and human populations to relocate hundreds of miles from their current homes this century , according to research published today in the journal Scientific Reports .
Solomon Hsiang , Chancellor 's Associate Professor of Public Policy at the University of California , Berkeley , and Adam Sobel , a professor of applied physics and math at Columbia University , foresee dramatic population declines in Mexico , Central America , Africa , India and other tropical locales if ecosystems or humans move due to climate change .
In their analysis , the pair used a model to demonstrate how climate dynamics in the tropics can dramatically magnify the consequences of climate change as it is experienced on the ground . This means even small climate changes can have dramatic impacts .
The equator 's limited options
“ We 're not making specific predictions about migration patterns of individual species , but the geophysical constraint is that , as the tropics get hotter , you 'll have to go far , essentially leaving the tropics , to cool off , ” said Sobel .
Because the tropics are uniformly hot , when things get hotter by just a small amount , populations will have to move far to find relief .
Hsiang explains it with an analogy : “ Imagine you have a fixed budget you can spend on your apartment and rents are the same throughout your entire neighborhood . If all the rents go up , even by just a little bit , you might have to move very far to find a new place you can afford . ”
Hsiang and Sobel describe climate-related displacements in the tropics as “ an almost complete evacuation of the equatorial band ” that could impact ecosystems as well as human well-being .
A ‘ temperature budget '
The researchers report that some oceanic and continental populations would have to move as far as 1,000 miles or more to stay within their “ temperature budget. ” Where do those populations end up ? Simulations by the authors suggest the cooler edges of the tropics could get crowded , where populations might theoretically climb by 300 percent or higher . At those densities , disease and conflict over resources , among other issues , would bring their own complications .
“ We know that people and species of all kinds move for all kinds of reasons , not just to stay at the same temperature , ” said Sobel . “ At the same time , the uniformity of tropical temperatures is a basic fact about the temperature structure of Earth , and still will be as the climate changes . It seems like a very basic constraint that ought to be understood as we think about populations . ”
Problems with staying put
“ Another real problem arises when populations ca n't move , but instead have to stay put and suffer the consequences of a new climate , ” Hsiang said . “ This can happen when human migrants run into political borders or when species physically ca n't move fast enough. ” The recent catastrophic bleaching of the Great Barrier Reef is an example of the latter .
To arrive at their findings , Hsiang and Sobel compared today 's temperatures with climate model projections where Earth 's average temperature rose by 2 degrees Celsius this century . Even under these modest climate changes , considered “ optimistic ” compared to business-as-usual forecasts , the authors found that population movements could be dramatic . The tropics , they said , are unique in this extreme response to limited warming .
The authors are cautious in applying their findings to human populations , since moving is only one of many strategies humans will use to cope with warming . Nonetheless , they note that extraordinary human migrations can not be ruled out , pointing to the American Dust Bowl as a familiar and dramatic recent experience .
Both researchers have published extensively on climate change . Hsiang led a previous UC Berkeley team that linked increased conflict , violence and civilization collapse to climate change and demonstrated massive global economic costs of climate change . Sobel 's work has examined atmospheric physics and climate change . He is the author of Storm Surge ( 2014 ) , a book about climate change and Superstorm Sandy .
RELATED INFORMATION
The gleam comes off a seven-game win streak when you follow it up by falling face-first into the Christmas break on a six-game winless streak .
I learned that in hockey writer school back in the mid-90s .
Maybe three days away from the rink is what the Wild needs .
“ We have a long way to go to remember and completely ingrain what our identity is and how we have to play the game , ” coach Mike Yeo said after an ugly 4-1 loss here in Edmonton tonight . “ We have a long way to go to build that culture that we need . ”
Yup , the Wild is back to Square One . We 're hearing words like identity and culture again . Next thing you know , we 'll once again be hearing the word “ process . ”
It 's mind-boggling just how much the wheels have fallen off . The Wild better thank its lucky stars it played so well during a six-week stretch that it has put a bunch of points in the bank .
To me , it 's not so much the 0-4-2 run in which it has scored seven times that is alarming . It 's that I see a team that is a shadow of what it was and now it 's got to work exhaustedly to rediscover that game . This is exactly what I talked about , I think , in the postgame blog after the Islanders ' shootout loss .
All those things the Wild did during that 17 out of 21 stretch that made it win those 17 games in the first place ? Disappeared .
Emblematic in this game was the shift Justin Falk took a delay-of-game penalty ( “ I swear it hit the glass , ” Falk said , adding the refs told him they did n't see it ) . Game 's scoreless , but the bad signs that led up to the penalty were unbelievable to witness . The Oilers were hungrier throughout the shift . It beat the Wild to four races to the puck .
And then the one time the Wild wins a race , Brad Staubitz just inexplicably froze . He then turns toward his net instead of the blue line to clear the puck , and by that time , Edmonton smothered him for a turnover . Instants later , Falk takes the penalty . Instants after that , Jordan Eberle picks off Clayton Stoner 's weak backhanded clear , and it 's 1-0 en route to soon being 2-0 on Ryan Smyth 's goal when Nick Schultz was late picking up a wraparound .
“ Taking a hit to make a play , winning a race to a loose puck , the way you support the puck , the way you show you want the puck , one-on-one battles , just the details in our game – completely nonexistent , ” Yeo said .
Yeo was fiery red after this one . He had to interrupt himself a few times to 1 ) bite his tongue ; 2 ) make sure he did n't swear . He used the word , “ garbage ” to describe his team 's play at one point . And he refuses to let this team use injuries as an excuse .
“ I do n't care how many guys we have hurt , ” Yeo said . “ This is a team that 's going to face adversity the right way . The way we faced it tonight , it 's not the right way . That 's going to change . ”
The Oilers are the second straight opponent to snap a four-game losing streak to the Wild . The Wild had no answer for the Eberle-Ryan Nugent-Hopkins-Taylor Hall line . For the umpteenth time in recent games , Matt Cullen had a few pucks on his stick with the game scoreless and could n't convert . He has one goal in the past 17 games .
Dany Heatley had a bunch of point-blank looks tonight and could n't score until well after the game was out of hand to spoil Nikolai Khabibulin 's shutout bid . Heatley has two goals in nine games . This was the first time the Wild 's lost this season when he 's scored ( 9-1 ) .
Kyle Brodziak looks super tired . So does Cal Clutterbuck .
The power play ? Atrocious . It has 2 minutes of power-play time to open the second and turn a 2-0 deficit into one goal . It gave up a shorty and for the fifth straight power play in two games did n't have a shot . It had 7:50 of power-play time , including a major , and could n't score .
Jared Spurgeon 's the only one who played glaringly well . Few scoring chances against , plus-1 , four shots , an assist .
Stoner , by the way , was lost on his third shift of the second period with a groin injury .
For the Wild 's sake , Mikko Koivu can return Monday against Colorado . I do n't know what his injury is and I obviously do n't know what he 's feeling , but I do n't understand how a player like him in a situation as dire as this can skate every single day this week for a long time and with a lot of effort and not be able to play . But man , they need him . He 's obviously the one irreplaceable piece on this team .
Here 's a weird tidbit : Three straight games on the road trip , the two teams tied in shots : 33-33 , 30-30 , 31-31 . Just thought I 'd point that out .
Team Sweden was in the house tonight , so draft picks Jonas Brodin , Johan Larsson and Johan Gustafsson got to watch their first-ever Wild games tonight . Hopefully they do n't hold it against the Wild .
That 's it from me . The Wild will likely send a few guys down to the minors Friday . [ UPDATE : Jeff Taffe and Jed Ortmeyer were sent back . ] The team is completely off Friday , Saturday and Sunday , so no blogs from me . Kent Youngblood then has the keys to the blog and the franchise Monday and Tuesday .
So with that , have a happy holidays everybody ! Do n't let the Wild 's play spoil it . Life 's too short .
Sarah Palin and John McCain have always been for it . Joe Biden was sort of against it before he was for it and Barack Obama embraces it . To what am I referring ? The alleged panacea of clean coal .
Does n't it make you feel all warm and fuzzy ? We can have our most polluting energy source , the one that gouges our land , dirties our air with particulates , poisons our water with mercury , and generates most of our greenhouse gas emissions because it 's the cheapest , currently most abundant fuel source we have . Well hold on there , coal mavericks , you 're mistaken . Coal is a non-renewable resource . Factor in the externalities of pollution and costs to human heath , and the so-called cheap fuel source skyrockets .
One of our most abundant energy source is geothermal energy . A 2006 Massachusetts Institute of Technology study concluded the United States is sitting on recoverable geothermal energy about 2 thousand times greater than our current annual consumption . What makes geothermal even more appealing is that it is available day and night and can be used as a baseload energy source like coal or natural gas . We have prime hot spots in the West and Alaska that are relatively easy and cost-effective to access . Geothermal extraction can cause seismic disruptions but is far less detrimental than coal , including significantly lower carbon emissions . Let 's not forget that the U.S. ranks fourth in solar capacity and second in wind , gosh darn it . The U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) estimates that , with the proper infrastructure and transmission capacity , wind could generate 20 percent of our energy by 2030 .
Clean coal is a lie . The catch-all term is used by politicians and coal advocates alike to lull the American public into complacency : It 's okay , we can build more coal plants , they 're clean . They include technologies like flue gas treatment , carbon storage and capture and gasification . And while there 's been a lot of talk about these efforts , there 's been very little action because of the cost and other barriers to implementation . The DOE pulled out of its original clean coal agreement with FutureGen Alliance coalition of oil and coal companies earlier this year because of cost increases . ( DOE is now soliciting loan guarantees for carbon sequestration proposals in conjunction with FutureGen . They wo n't announce them until the end of the year and nothing will be running until at least 2015 . )
Let 's mine a little more . One of the most popular components of `` clean coal '' technology is carbon sequestration . This involves capturing carbon dioxide from coal plants and pumping it deep into the ground . The pro-coal folks bandy this notion around a lot as a way for us to burn our coal and have it , too . Here 's the deal , my fellow Americans , sequestering carbon does n't solve our pollution problems . Coal-fired plants are the largest source of mercury contamination in the country . Their emissions cause acid rain , smog , water pollution , and depletion of our ozone layer .
Sequestration does n't solve our energy problems , either . The lure of carbon sequestration encourages us to continue to get our power from dirty sources & consume rampantly . In actuality , sequestration requires more energy , new equipment , and new chemical reactions that , you betcha , create more pollution .
Netherland 's Utrecht University is attempting to quantify these environmental trade-offs . They 've discovered that captured CO2 has to be compressed to about 100 times atmospheric pressure , transported to a suitable underground reservoir and pumped into the ground . In order to cover the sequestration energy needs , a coal-fired power plant that sequesters its carbon ends up burning about 30 percent more coal than conventional plants .
We ca n't separate out one greenhouse gas and ignore the other pollutants that are generated in the process . Especially when we have no idea what will happen to the CO2 once it 's buried ( the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicts it 'll stay in the ground for centuries .
Instead of pouring one more penny into making a dirty industry slightly cleaner by 2015 , we should be funding infrastructure and technologies that will get us out of this carbon sinkhole and create sustainable jobs and build competitive advantage for America in the global marketplace .
According to a new study from climatologist Pushker Kharecha and James Hansen , the Director of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , phasing out coal is the one thing we can do to quickly alleviate our climate change quandary . Most of the rise in the carbon dioxide levels that contribute to climate change is the result of burning fossil fuels . ( These fuels are the cause of about 80 percent of the atmospheric rise in CO2 since the pre-industrial era . ) Carbon dioxide accounts for about half of the human-caused greenhouse gases in our atmosphere . But it could be kept below harmful levels if we phased out the emissions that come from coal-fired plants within the next few decades .
Kharecha and Hansen , of course , think that we should wean ourselves off non-renewable resources like crude oil and petroleum , as well , but because coal is still relatively cheap and abundant , that 's their main target . The good scientists explored various scenarios , ran the numbers , and determined not only that the most important mitigation strategy was to phase out CO2 emissions from coal but that it 's feasible using the technology we currently have or have within our grasp .
Yes , we can phase out coal . The naysayers that think this ca n't be done are mistaken . Brazil 's sugarcane ethanol has put the country far ahead of the curve in terms of procuring domestic energy , and the country declared itself independent from foreign oil in 2007 . Though Brazil has also boosted its domestic oil production , 90 percent of the new cars sold in Brazil this year is flexible fuel models ( produced by General Motors and Ford , among others ) that can be made to run on any combo of gasoline and ethanol for an extra $ 100 .
Iceland used to get 100 percent of its energy needs met by imported oil and coal back in the 1970 's . Today , they 're 70 percent energy independent through the application of homegrown geothermal and hydroelectric power . ( The island-nation also used to rank as one of the poorest nations in Europe . Now , the International Monetary Fund ranks it as one of the wealthiest . ) Sweden 's making the same strides -- and also reaping economic benefit . In 2006 , they announced they 'd be fossil fuel and nuclear-free by 2020 which has sparked innovation in hydroelectric , geothermal and cellulosic biofuels . Norway is one of the leading producers of oil , but gets 98 percent of its electricity from hydro-power . Denmark gets over 18 percent of its energy from offshore . . .windmills , not drilling , baby .
Coming Soon
The Dark Crystal : Age of Resistance
In this prequel to the fantasy classic , three young Gelfling inspire a rebellion against the cruel Emperor when they discover a horrifying secret .
Daybreak
Navigating a post-apocalyptic world full of zombies and Mad Max-style gangs , a teenage outcast searches for his lost love in this humorous drama series .
Behind Her Eyes
Typewriter
When a family moves into a suburban Goa house believed to be haunted , a group of young friends dares to investigate .
The Order
Out to avenge his mother 's death , a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic .
Beats
An agoraphobic hip-hop prodigy and a disgraced former music manager cross paths in Chicago 's South Side and help each other face demons of their pasts .
Gentefied
Three Latinx cousins navigate their differences as they work to keep their grandfather 's taco shop afloat in their rapidly gentrifying L.A. neighborhood .
Tales of the City
Middle-aged Mary Ann returns to San Francisco and the eccentric friends she left behind . Based on Armistead Maupin 's books and starring Laura Linney .
ALAMEDA , Calif. -- Going into the season , I thought the Raiders would win this game . I am sticking with that , even though the Raiders were not impressive in the loss at the Jets and the Texans were solid in a win against the Redskins in Week 1 .
I do n't think the Raiders are as lackluster as they looked against the Jets and I do n't think the Texans a sure thing to go out and be the better team on the road against the Raiders . The Raiders will even their record at 1-1 . If the Raiders lose , they will be 0-2 with a game at New England and then a game at London against Miami looming . An Oakland loss could spell a 0-4 start with the teeth of the schedule coming after its Week 5 bye .
The Raiders will likely feel urgency to win this game . Oakland 's last win was a 28-23 victory at Houston in November . They have lost seven straight games since . Thus , the losses will be sandwiched by wins over the Texans .
The Raiders , who averaged a league-low 3.22 yards per play in Week 1 , will open it up on offense and get a better pass rush on defense . It wo n't be easy , but the Raiders winning a squeaker .
My prediction : Raiders 17 , Texans 14
This is one of my all-time favorite hobbies . Just know ahead of time , though , I 've made many of them , and they never end up being perfectly straight , perfectly even quilts like with new fabrics . No matter how hard I iron them , I have accepted that each quilt will have little imperfections , but I look at 'imperfections ' as character , so it never bothers me .
I start by collecting old clothes of mine , or whoever the quilt is for , of course . Usually by the time you have roughly six t shirts , a pair or two of pajama pants , a pair of jeans or khakis , and a button-up shirt , you have a very generous amount of cloth for a quilt . The more contrast in the clothes you choose , the better . Button up stripey shirts and plaid pajama bottoms are amazing in quilts !
Once I finally get to the point where I feel I have a nice chunk of old clothes ready to be recycled , I cut all the seams on all the clothes , and lay them flat . I iron them all , while trying to envision what the finished product of my clothing combination could look like . If any of the t shirts have cool logos on the front , I cut a square big enough to show that off , and then I like to have some squares the same exact size to even it out . I try to make the quilt as symmetrical as possible .
I usually cut a few squares in different sizes and arrange them on my bed , so I can get a feel for how many squares I 'll need to make it the size it needs to be . I usually cut any logo ones for big squares , and save the rest for smaller squares . I 'll usually arrange them in different ways at least three times before I finally get on the right track . Then I make sure I have enough squares cut for the whole quilt , and start sewing each line of squares .
One thing I really enjoy doing is making my own shapes and patches to sew on . These are a few examples , one is a piano , one is a Deathly Hallows symbol , and one is a Batman symbol .
Dell and EMC apparently are in merger talks , according to an Oct. 8 report in The Wall Street Journal . It 's early , and who knows yet what will happen .
Dell has been reported to be talking to banks so it can raise $ 40 billion . That 's a lot for a $ 25 billion company .
We know what you 're thinking : Could this be a desperation move between two legacy tech companies , like Microsoft-Nokia ? Probably not . These are two already successful companies ; Nokia was flailing at the time it was bought by Microsoft .
If EMC+Dell does n't take place , then no harm , no foul . Life will go on . But if it does happen , it would result in one of the largest mergers in tech history .
Reasons why it might happen :
-- Dell wants VMware , owned by EMC . Thirty-five percent of EMC 's $ 52.55 billion market cap ( or about $ 18.3 billion ) belongs to VMware alone .
-- Dell also wants Pivotal to add to its growing Dell Software division . Pivotal is one of the most promising young software companies out there .
-- EMC wants to stay intact , no matter what .
-- Both companies need help right now against an onslaught of younger , imaginative , fast-moving newcomers in cloud storage , cloud computing , security and a number of other sectors . When lots of piranhas are constantly biting at a bigger but slower target , eventually they will consume it . EMC and Dell joining forces at this time would fortify themselves for a longer period against these adversaries .
-- Both are veteran , been-through-the-wars companies that once owned their respective markets ( EMC in storage , and Dell in PCs ) . Actually , EMC is still the global storage hardware leader , but with the advent of cloud infrastructure and a long list of new-gen competitors , sales have leveled off in the last two years and the big ship is listing . Dell remains in the world 's top 3 in terms of selling desktop and laptop PCs . So both companies are n't exactly destitute .
One of World 's Largest Tech Companies Could Result
The merger of these two giants would result in one huge—and unwieldy—corporation . It would entail Dell , EMC , VMware , RSA Security , Pivotal , Documentum and a bunch of smaller entities within the same corporate garden .
Reasons why it may not happen :
-- C-suite ego issues .
-- SEC thinking it might be too big .
-- Too costly for Dell . It could cost $ 40 billion , give or take a few hundred million dollars . Remember , Michael Dell and his financial backers bought the company back for $ 25 billion two years ago .
-- EMC finds another suitor . The storage giant is the needier of the two at this point .
Do n't get us wrong . Both companies are profitable , though laden with debt ( $ 11 billion for Dell ) . These two are looking squarely to the future .
Relationship Is a Complicated One
If this deal eventually does come to fruition , the irony will be astounding .
From 2003 to 2011 , EMC and Dell were partners selling data center hardware . It was a mutually beneficial relationship , because with the combination of Dell servers ( plus some lower-end storage ) and EMC storage , almost any customer could be served .
Then , in 2007 , with his company stagnating financially , Michael Dell returned to retake his CEO job from Kevin Rollins . One of the first things Dell did was to buy two smaller but progressive storage companies : EqualLogic in 2007 and Compellent in 2010 . They made good products ; these turned out to be deals that eventually were going to make reselling another company 's arrays redundant—especially in the low-margin IT hardware business .
As one might imagine , EMC was n't particularly pleased at this development , since Dell was one of its largest resellers . A disagreement between two powerful and headstrong men—Dell and EMC CEO Joe Tucci—ensued . The result was the dissolution of the 10-year agreement , two years shy of completion in 2011 .
There was great acrimony in 2011 when they broke their contract and bid each other adieu—and probably not in a nice way . Now they are looking at living together under the same roof again .
Just another lesson in why one should never burn a bridge ; you never know with whom you might have to work in the future .
Oct. 8 is merely Day 1 of the EMC-Dell watch here at eWEEK . We 'll keep you up to date .
“ Ugh I wan na travel but I do n't have any money ! ”
Well , ya whiny bitches , let me tell you some cold hard facts . If you 've got a source of income and the slightest bit of self-control , you can also travel often .
You 're going to have to make a few sacrifices to save money , but a wise person once said :
Travel is the only thing you can buy that makes you richer .
To which a wise ass responded , “ but what about stocks and bonds ? ”
Yeah , on a technicality , those also do , but I can bet that you 're not sacrificing your $ 5 coffees to put it towards an investment account either .
Without a doubt , the biggest thing holding people back from traveling their entire lives is their financial situation . And I get it . Not everyone has the money to book a flight and spend a month in their dream destination . As a frequent traveler , the biggest question I get asked is how I can afford to travel so often .
I know some wealthy people who just have the money to travel often and frequently , but by a large margin , the most common traveler I meet are the ones who were willing to make sacrifices to save money . It 's easy for us to just imagine that only rich people travel because it distracts us from the fact that we have no self-control or fiscal responsibility , but that 's just not true .
Every dollar you avoid spending is practically the same as every dollar you earn . As a full-time student for half of last year , I did not have much time to work and made like no money . Despite this , I was able to travel for the next six months because of how I managed my money both at home and abroad .
Here are ten things you can sacrifice literally starting right now . Do n't think of any of these as an all-or-nothing deal . The hardest part of giving something up is usually the idea that I would never have it again . That mentality is why a lot of people fail . For example , I recently went ( mostly ) vegetarian . Rather than make it an all-or-nothing deal , I chose to allow myself to have meat if I wanted . That mentality has made it a choice rather than a restriction . That kind of mentality has helped me monumentally . It can definitely help you with cutting out any of the following ten things .
No excuses .
10 . Restaurants
Although you might not notice it right away , money spent on eating out gradually adds up to quite a bit . Limit going out to eat at restaurants to only social events at first . You will save a significant amount of money . In college , I 'd eat out with friends several times a week or even a day just for social purposes . For most months , my spending on restaurants was more than my monthly grocery spending . Limit eating out to only special occasions . Find free things to do with your friends . Pack a lunch for work or school . I once spent $ 600 on sushi and burritos at my student center in one semester . I still hate myself for it .
9 . Shopping Sprees
As I piled up dozens of unworn impulse purchases to take to Goodwill or Plato 's Closet , I became close to ripping my hair out in frustration . I had hundreds of dollars worth of clothes that seemed like a good idea at the time . Once I stopped spending every other weekend at the mall , I found that my money was not mysteriously disappearing anymore . When I 'm traveling , I literally only bring five or six outfits so those thousands of dollars worth of clothes piling up in my closet weighs even more heavily on me .
8 . Your Car ( for the most part )
I got a bike for my road trip last summer and began to wonder why I had n't been using one my entire time in college . Although I 've graduated now , I still use my bike to get around for any trip under ten miles . It 's relaxing , healthy , and free ! I could have easily saved $ 30 a week in gas if I chose to just bike to my classes rather than drive one mile to a parking garage and then 10 more miles just to try and find parking .
I 'm not saying sell your car or to stop using it altogether . Again , none of these should be taken with an all-or-nothing mentality . Biking or walking to class or work once a week can really add up over the course of a year .
7 . Alcohol ( also for the most part )
Whoa , “ The Partying Traveler ” telling you to give up alcohol ? What a fraud , right ?
Let me just say this , I would pick a night out in Rio or Barcelona over a night out at a local bar ten times out of ten . I 'm not saying abstain completely from having fun and going out , but you do n't need to be casually drinking beer while watching television every single day . Cutting back on alcohol will be huge if you want to save money .
P.S . $ 3 wine is not that bad once you get used to it .
6 . Starbucks ( I 'm sorry )
I 've long since cut out Starbucks or any other coffee shop out of my budget . I used to love spending $ 15 at my college 's coffee shops for a cup of tea and like three spinach leaves with an almond until I realized that I was just stupid . Like I said earlier , a dollar saved is a dollar earned . When you can get a steak dinner for $ 5 in Colombia , you 'll be happy you resisted that $ 5 frappe .
5 . Meat
This is a tough one , for sure . I chose to become mostly vegetarian mostly for environmental reasons but found that it ended up saving me a significant amount of money . Meat tends to be more expensive than other food , so dedicating myself to cutting it out has shaved a lot off my grocery bill . It hurts not being able to eat steak , but I know all of my savings go straight to my travel fund . When traveling , I allow myself to gorge on anything I want , meat and all ( for you know , the culture ) .
4 . If possible , minimize rent
In 2016 , I spent half the year paying rent for my house in college and half the year traveling . In terms of living expenses , you 'd be surprised to find out that living in Columbia , Missouri cost me more than rampaging my way through South America . If you 're traveling long-term , paying rent is a useless expense . Rent money can go a long way in paying for your hostels and hotels .
I understand this can be difficult , but maybe hit up your parents ' basement if you decide to take a gap year or just a break from life . Maybe rent your room out while you 're gone , but do whatever it takes to make sure you 're not doubling up on living expenses while you travel .
3 . Bars and Nightclubs
Last weekend , I spent about $ 150 on a night out . I spent the next morning alternating between hating myself for being hungover and hating myself for spending that much money . $ 150 can go a long way while traveling . When you 're dancing on tables in Rio , you 'll regret every time you 've spent any of your money at any other bar .
2 . Convenience
This can mean a lot of different things . Maybe you can sell your mansion and live in a closet so you can travel more . Maybe you can get rid of that stupid child that 's bogging you down . Who knows . It 's up to your interpretation .
Just kidding . Do n't sell your mansion . Take care of your kid . With convenience , I mean opening your mind and exploring other options . For example , it would be easier for me to fly out of the Kansas City or St. Louis airport , but taking a six hour bus ride to Chicago would save me an average of $ 400 per international flight . Maybe I really wanted to leave on a Saturday morning , but a flight on Monday morning would be $ 200 cheaper .
Last year , I took over 15 international flights and none of them cost me more than $ 500 . By being flexible and willing to go a little out of the way , I was able to save a lot of money that I could therefore use for more fun things once I 'm actually at my destination .
Get used to roughin ' it , baby .
1 . Comfort
Very similar to convenience , comfort kind of covers a wide variety of things you can do . For me , sacrificing comfort was staying in hostels or sleeping in hammocks in the woods . I 'm not a particularly stingy person , but the less you spend on where you sleep , the more you can spend on champagne bottles at the club . No one expects you to be sleeping on the top bunk of a shared twenty-person dormitory when you 've got bottle service .
I 've had a room to myself in a cushy four-star hotel in Munich and also shared a 100-person tent in Munich . The tent cost me $ 100 less per night , and was by far more memorable and more lively . When you look back to the adventures you took years ago , you wo n't remember the hotels you stayed in . I 've slept in hammocks , sailboats , soggy tents and my car countless of times . Trust me , you wo n't remember the uncomfortable nights of sleep , but your bank account will remember the $ 150 you spent on a hotel .
I hope this helped . Just kidding . I know it helped as long as you can find the willpower to stick to your goals .
Thanks for reading , and make sure you 're following me on Instagram ( ThePartyingTraveler ) to keep up with my adventures ! I promise I 'm not boring .
Check out my latest travel video below .
Advertisements
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
INDIANAPOLIS – The Indiana Pacers announced Wednesday that Head Coach Frank Vogel has signed a multi-year contract extension . Per team policy , terms of the contact were not released .
HOTCHKISS : Vogel Justly Rewarded with New Extension »
The 41-year-old Vogel is entering his fourth full season as coach after taking over on an interim basis in January , 2011 . The Pacers finished that season 20-18 and reached the NBA Playoffs for the first time in four seasons . In July , 2011 , the interim tag was removed and in the three seasons since , the Pacers have reached the Eastern Conference Finals twice and Eastern Conference Semifinals once with a record of 147-82 record ( .641 winning percentage ) . Last season , the Pacers earned the No . 1 seed in the Eastern Conference . Vogel and his coaching staff also earned Eastern Conference All-Star coaching honors . He has been named Eastern Conference Coach of the Month twice .
PHOTOS : Frank Vogel Gallery »
“ We 're very happy to extend Frank 's contract , ” said Pacers President of Basketball Operations Larry Bird . “ I believe he has done a great job and I look forward to continuing our relationship and working together to achieve all of our goals . ”
“ I 'm excited about the opportunity to continue my tenure as Pacers ' coach , ” said Vogel . “ It 's an honor to represent this franchise and lead this team . I look forward to the challenge ahead . I 'm grateful to have had good , coachable teams along with coaching staffs that have been second to none . ”
New Chinese conglomerate for Milan
By Football Italia staff
A new Chinese bidder , working with agent Jorge Mendes , shocks Milan by stepping in to steal the club out of Sonny Wu 's hands .
The Rossoneri seemed on the verge of selling full ownership of the team to a conglomerate led by Wu and his American broker Sal Galatioto .
It was meant to be the end of a saga that has been going on for more than a year now , with president Silvio Berlusconi repeatedly cancelling or delaying the sale .
In a shocking turn of events , a new business party has emerged out of the blue . According to the Gazzetta dello Sport , a Shanghai-based group called Fosun has been in contact with the club and are looking to make an offer .
They are affiliated to a company called Gestifute , owned by prominent agent Jorde Mendes . The Portuguese has some experience in this field , as he completed last week the acquisition of Wolverhampton on behalf of the Chinese magnate Guo Guangchang .
It appears that Mendes has been after Milan for some time , as it is revealed now that he 'd already been in touch in the spring to offer €550m to buy the club . His first contacts to get in on the deal took place no less than two years ago , when he tried to set up a sale to businessman Peter Lim for €300m , but was turned down .
Milan are now considering this new offer , not least because Sonny Wu 's group has been delaying the operation repeatedly . This has had the effect of paralysing the club on the market , while Fosun apparently guarantees immediate mobility by providing funds for transfers as well as Mendes ' assistance and influence .
Sonny Wu and Galatioto had an exclusivity on the buying of Milan , but that is believed to have expired at the end of the month of July , meaning Berlusconi is now free to negotiate with other parties .
The current deal with Wu involves a payment of €500m to buy the club , along with the relieving of the Rossoneri 's €240m debt . The financial details of the offer by Fosun are unknown yet , though one expects them to match Wu 's offer at least .
Federal and state authorities on Wednesday urged the group , inside the US Malheur National Wildlife Refuge , to leave .
`` If the people at the refuge want to leave , they can do so through the checkpoints where they will be identified , '' said Greg Bretzing , the US Federal Bureau of Investigation 's special agent in charge of the Portland office , during a press briefing .
`` Let me be clear : It is fully and unequivocally the behavior and the choices made by the armed occupiers that have led us to where we are today , '' Bretzing added .
Ammon Bundy , who led the occupation , and seven others were arrested on Tuesday . However , a man identified by activists as Robert LaVoy Finicum - considered the group 's de facto spokesperson - was killed after authorities attempted to detain him during a traffic stop .
`` I 'm disappointed that a traffic stop yesterday that was supposed to bring peaceful resolution to this ended badly , '' said Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward , adding that the protesters should have voiced their grievances through appropriate channels .
The sheriff did not go into further details citing an on-going investigation into the incident .
'Stand by '
Various self-styled militias , including Oath Keepers and Pacific Patriots Network , said in an official statement that they were issuing an immediate `` stand by '' order to their members and supporters .
`` We must reiterate the current standing order . No mobilization of any kind is to take place until every piece of speculation and hearsay have been verified or dismissed , '' the statement said .
Authorities have not said how many are still left in the refuge .
ls/jr ( Reuters , AFP , AP )
The big brother of Fox sitcom star Mindy Kaling reveals that he got into medical school by pretending to be African-American .
Fifteen years ago , Vijay Chokal-Ingam shaved off his straight black hair , trimmed what he calls his “ long Indian eyelashes ” and started checking off the “ black ” box for race on his med-school applications .
Before long , the Asian Indian-American was interviewing at Harvard and Columbia , and found himself on wait lists at the University of Pennsylvania , Washington University and Mt . Sinai — despite his relatively mediocre 3.1 GPA and his family 's considerable wealth .
“ I love my sister to death , ” Chokal-Ingam , 38 , told The Post in a telephone interview from Los Angeles , where he and his comedienne sibling both live . But they 're fighting over his revelation . “ She says this will bring shame on the family . ”
Kaling plays the title role in “ The Mindy Project ” and portrayed Kelly Kapoor on NBC 's “ The Office . ”
Chokal-Ingam wound up dropping out of St. Louis University Medical School two years after he got in under false pretenses .
He eventually was accepted at , and graduated from , UCLA Anderson 's MBA program — as an Asian Indian-American .
Chokal-Ingam says he 's revealing his race ruse now because he heard that UCLA is considering strengthening its affirmative-action admissions policies . He says it 's a myth that affirmative action benefits the underprivileged .
He plans to write a memoir about his experiences , to be titled ­ “ Almost Black . ”
“ I got into medical school because I said I was black , ” Chokal-Ingam writes in his blog , at almostblack.com . “ The funny thing is I 'm not . My plan actually worked . Lucky for you , I never became a doctor . ”
St. Louis University Medical School boasts of being highly selective , and of its incoming students having an average GPA of 3.84 .
Chokal-Ingam said he came up with the idea of self-identifying as “ black ” after seeing fellow Asian Indian-Americans with better grades than he had struggle to get into med school. “ I disclosed that I grew up in one of the wealthiest towns in Massachusetts , that my mother was a doctor , and that my father was an architect , ” he said Saturday , describing his med-school applications .
“ I disclosed that I did n't receive financial aid from the University of Chicago , and that I had a nice car , ” he said . “ I was the campus rich kid , let 's just put it on the table . And yet they considered me an affirmative-action applicant . ”
On affirmative action in general , Chokal-Ingam said , “ Racism is not the answer . … It also promotes negative stereotypes about the competency of minority Americans by making it seem like they need special treatment . ”
TORONTO – Accusations of sign stealing at the Rogers Centre resurfaced Tuesday when Kansas City Royals right-hander Edinson Volquez said that teammate Johnny Cueto believed the Toronto Blue Jays knew what was coming in their Game 3 win .
Cueto was blasted for eight runs on six hits and four walks over two-plus innings in Monday 's 11-8 thumping . He and catcher Salavador Perez kept meeting on the mound whenever the Blue Jays had a man on second base .
“ Johnny said last night , but that 's your fault , ” Volquez , the Game 1 winner slated to start Game 5 on Wednesday , said Tuesday when asked about sign stealing . “ You 've got to hide the ball and have better communication with the catcher giving you signs when you 're pitching . So there 's nothing wrong with it . We just have to hide the ball and give multiple signs to hide it from them . ”
Manager John Gibbons once again denied any wrongdoing in an oft-levelled accusation hurled at the Blue Jays by visiting teams . The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox both use multiple sets of signs whenever they play in Toronto .
“ We do n't do any of that . We 're here to play baseball , ” said Gibbons . “ We 've had guys come and go over the years and even when guys have come back and they 've had an axe to grind that 's never been an issue . ”
In 2011 , an ESPN story accused the Blue Jays of having a man in white in centre field that relayed signs and locations to hitters . At the time , GM Alex Anthopoulos said the staff at ESPN “ do n't have their facts . ”
That has n't prevented the suspicion from becoming baseball 's Loch Ness Monster , an enduring myth some simply wo n't let go . According to Volquez , Cueto certainly believes in the beast .
“ He said last night they got a guy in centre field , ” relayed Volquez , who is skeptical about the practice . “ You see how hard it is , he looks to centre field and he sees somebody do this or do that – it 's really hard to do that . I do n't know , he said that . But when a guy gets on second base , he said something about that , too , they were giving signs to the hitter . But I do n't know . ”
Sign-stealing has been a part of the game forever , which is part of the reasons teams go to such lengths to disguise their signals . Some of the best players in the game also happen to be most adept at picking up signs .
Still , Volquez feels sign stealing is more of a concern at the Rogers Centre than any other park .
“ That 's what I hear , ” he said . “ Most of the teams come here – we 've got a lot of friends on different teams – they always say that , they give the signs or whatever it is , but I do n't go crazy with it . I just want to pitch my own game . You can tell if you 're good or not when you 're pitching , the way they take the pitches , and maybe the guy moving to second base or whatever it is , but I do n't keep that in my mind . ”
A 15-year-old British boy has developed a potential test for Alzheimer 's disease which could allow the condition to be diagnosed 10 years before the first symptoms appear .
Currently Alzheimer 's can only be detected through a series of cognitive tests or by looking at the brain after death .
But Krtin Nithiyanandam , of Epsom , Surrey , has developed a ‘ trojan horse ' antibody which can penetrate the brain and attach to neurotoxic proteins which are present in the very first stages of the disease .
The antibodies , which would be injected into the bloodstream are also attached to fluorescent particles which can then be picked up on a brain scan .
Krtin submitted his test to the Google Science Fair Prize and learned that he had made it through to the final last week . He will find out next month if he has won a prestigious scholarship and mentoring to take his idea further .
“ The main benefits of my test are that it could be used to diagnose Alzheimer 's disease before symptoms start to show by focusing on pathophysiological changes , some of which can occur a decade before symptoms are prevalent , ” Krtin told The Daily Telegraph .
“ This early diagnosis could help families prepare for the future and ensure that existing drugs are used to better effect .
“ Another benefit is that due to the conjugated fluorescent nanoparticles , my diagnostic-probe can be used to image Alzheimer 's disease non-invasively . ”
Neurodegenerative disease like dementia are so hard to diagnose and treat because of the blood-brain barrier , an extra later of cellular material which surrounds blood vessels in the brain , and refuses to let anything through that is absolutely essential .
But Krtin 's antibodies can pass through that barrier . Latest lab tests even show that they ‘ handcuff ' the toxic proteins , stopping them from developing further which could potentially stop Alzhiemer 's in its tracks
There are 850,000 people currently suffering from dementia in the UK , with Alzheimer 's disease being the most common type . The disease kills at least 60,000 people each year .
“ Some of my new preliminary research has suggested that my diagnostic probe could simultaneously have therapeutic potential as well as diagnostic , ” said Krtin who attends Sutton Grammar School .
Krtin Nithiyanandam
“ I chose Alzheimer 's disease because I am fascinated by neuroscience and the workings of the brain .
“ Alzheimer 's disease kills more people each year than breast and prostate cancer combined and Alzheimer 's is also considered to be one of the greatest medical challenges of the 21st century .
“ I learnt about its cruel and devastating effects and how it interferes with everyday life , and nobody should have to live with this debilitating disease . “
Krtin , who suffered from hearing problems as a child , wants to study medicine when he leaves school .
“ I have personally seen what a difference it can make to people 's lives and I want to make a difference to the lives of others . ”
Andrea Cohan , Google Science Fair 's marketing lead , said that young people often had the creative ability to solve some of the world 's greatest challenges .
“ We want to support and foster the next generation of scientists and engineers . The UK has once again proven itself as a hotbed of science creation . ”
Google received thousands of submissions were received from more than 90 countries .
Other British hopefuls who have made it through to the finals are Peter He , 14 , of London , Matthew Reid , 14 , of Sussex , and Robert Saunt , 15 , from Leicestershire .
Science Minister Jo Johnson said : “ I 'm delighted to hear that we have four exceptionally talented young scientists from the UK in the Google Science Fair final . From virtual reality to diagnosing Alzheimer 's disease , their brilliant ideas are n't just inspirational – they have real potential to impact people 's lives one day in the future . My congratulations go out to all of them and I wish them every success as they go on to showcase their projects on the global stage . ”
Krtin , who moved to Britain from India with is family when he was a baby , also represents Surrey in squash , is a member of St John 's Ambulance Cadets and is working towards his silver Duke of Edinburgh Award . His father is an IT consultant and mother is a teaching assistant .
“ Winning the Google Science Fair would be truly life changing , I ca n't even begin to put into words what that would be like , ” he added . ”
“ It would be more than a dream come true , and it would also encourage me to pursue my interests in science , and hopefully one day , to change the world . ”
Voting is called a preservative right , meaning it helps to preserve other rights .
The ability to exercise one 's right to vote is a fundamental part of any functioning democracy . What does this ability entail ? For one , those who are eligible to be able to vote should be able to do so easily . Further , once registered , voters should be able to go to the polls or mail in a ballot with relative ease as well . Finally , voters should be assured that when they cast their ballots the voting systems accurately read and record their votes . It should go without saying that each vote must be fairly and correctly counted .
Allegations of voting problems abounded in the 2000 presidential election between former Vice President Al Gore and former President George W. Bush abounded . That election , among other things , exposed problems related to punch card ballots . In the wake of that election , Congress passed in the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) in 2002 . As part of HAVA states receive money to help update voting systems . California received $ 380 million -- no small sum .
Now comes word here , here , and here that money received to upgrade voting systems have been wasted .
A state audit released last week found that , under the direction of the Secretary of State 's Office , millions of dollars set aside for the improvement of voting systems have been misused .
Among the state 's shortcomings are lack of clear and workable standards for satisfactory voting systems , lack of transparency in the distribution of funds , and money spent on projects that were not fully implemented .
California must move -- now -- to ensure that it has put in place uniform standards . Even one more election with outdated voting machines is one election too many . The money is there ; it is time to use it efficiently .
Rep. Alan Grayson has focused on passing amendments in his return to Congress .
Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Alan Grayson is running 40 minutes late , but his reason is sound . At 11:30 a.m. , the House Science Committee started marking up NASA 's funding bill , adding and subtracting whatever they could . At 5 p.m. , the committee was still at it . When the members finished a half hour later , the only headline they 'd generate would be about the killing of a program to “ send a robotic mission to a small asteroid by 2016 . ”
Grayson , once again , had walked under the radar . The Democratic congressman from Orlando had convinced the Republican-run committee to adopt five of his amendments . One would bar “ the federal government from awarding contracts to corporations convicted of fraud , ” and another would force NASA to “ consider American public-private partnership human space flight ” before it partnered with foreign space programs . Each was getting him closer to an unheralded title : The congressman who 's passed more amendments than any of his 434 peers .
“ We 've passed 31 amendments in committee so far , ” says Grayson . “ Hardly any Democrats who put in amendments put in any effort to get to 218 . They just think they 've accomplished something when it 's ruled in order , and that 's the end of the story . ”
The last time the media noticed Alan Grayson , he was a freshman Democrat , a member of the 2008 Obama wave , trying and failing to survive 2010 . Grayson joked that Dick Cheney left a “ torture rack ” in the White House , said that the Republican health care plan was for people to “ die quickly ” —so on and so on , all very helpful to a press trying to prove that the Tea Party had an ideological match on the left . Grayson went down by 18 points to the blandly conservative former state senator Daniel Webster , or “ Taliban Dan , ” as a Grayson ad called him . The Washington Post eulogized him as “ a controversial liberal icon that many in the Democratic Party were n't sad to see lose . ”
Grayson 's back because the last round of redistricting created a new , safe seat in metro Orlando . He won it , reclaiming a job he says he wants to keep “ for a long , long time. ” In doing so he 's stopped being a Republican target and started getting along with the majority . In his office , the only evidence that he used to irritate the other party is a plaque on his desk : I Have Flying Monkeys and I 'm Not Afraid to Use Them . He does n't use them on Republicans anymore . “ I do n't think they feel the same sort of glee , ” he says . “ I do n't see them using me as a fundraising ploy . ”
The new strategy is simple . Grayson and his staff scan the bills that come out of the majority . They scan amendments that passed in previous Congresses but died at some point along the way . They resurrect or mold bills that can appeal to the libertarian streak in the GOP , and Grayson lobbies his colleagues personally . That 's how he attached a ban on funding for “ unmanned aerial vehicles , ” i.e . drones , to the homeland security bill . He swears that they do n't back away from him because of his old persona—well , his relationship with Webster is “ strained , ” but he points out that Webster won re-election by 5,000 votes and Grayson won with 70,000 . Never mind that . Are the members of Congress more forgiving than members of the press ?
“ It 's either that , or we 're all senile , ” he says . “ In some cases it 's a short conversation . In some cases it 's a long conversation . In some cases , they 're desperate to talk to somebody . Some members are actually very lonely people . ”
This is how he brings members aboard on bills that either keep resources in Florida or enshrine some liberal or libertarian principle in the law . “ They might come from the perspective that Barack Obama is a horrible president , and I come from the perspective of being critical of the military-industrial complex. ” Grayson added one amendment to the last homeland security funding bill that prohibited “ funds in the bill from being used in contravention of the First , Second , or Fourth Amendments. ” That was surprisingly easy to do .
“ We knew they could n't vote against it , ” he says . “ They would n't want to roll call vote against the Constitution . They 're constantly trying to acquire the Constitution for their own purposes , and claim that they 're the guardians of it , so we knew that could n't fail . ”
The real prize of passing that amendment was writing the legislative justification for it into the Congressional Record . “ The intent of Congress with this legislation , ” Grayson wrote , “ is to place an absolute prohibition on any DHS involvement of any type or to any degree with any surveillance of Americans without specificity or without probable cause , such as the National Security Agency 's recently revealed surveillance program. ” That , he says , was “ the benefit of future courts , for the benefit of future administrations . ”
Does any of it matter ? The Obama administration does n't talk to him about these amendments , and he does n't clear anything by it . The most high-profile progressive move Grayson made all year was a letter he co-wrote with California freshman Mark Takano , pledging to “ vote against any and every cut to Medicare , Medicaid , or Social Security benefits ” in a theoretical sequestration fix . Democrats never got the chance to act on that threat , because , paradoxically , the Republican House 's inability to cut big deals has kept entitlements off the block .
“ You never heard people say—why does n't Pelosi do more ? ” says Grayson . “ Some people would say , why does n't she do less ? There are Democrats who 've said since then , I wish she did n't do so much . But now it 's a common feeling even among the lobbyists that the Republican leadership does n't deliver for them . All they do is put out these ‘ message ' bills . ”
Grayson has usually benefited from the way the House is run . His losses have been close-run things . At the end of June , when the House was moving a pair of energy bills , Grayson tried to attach language to enshrine “ the right of any state to prohibit the management , leasing , developing , or use of lands ” for offshore drilling . He nearly had the votes—one of the amendments failed on a rare 213-213 tie . “ I can only imagine what they offered people to switch , ” he says . He got close by selling Republicans on the enviro-friendly amendment as a defense of state 's rights .
Halfway through our conversation , Grayson has to trek from his office to the House floor for a series of votes . He disappears into the chamber , emerging after almost everybody else . On the way out he spots Florida Rep. Trey Radel , a 37-year-old freshman who that morning had written an op-ed about his love for hip-hop . “ I need to talk to you when you have a moment , ” says Grayson .
Radel actually has plenty of time , and the two congressmen stroll back to their offices , just out of earshot . When they 're done , Grayson returns to his staff and informs them that “ Radel says yes ” on another NSA-limiting amendment . “ [ California Rep. Dana ] Rohrabacher says yes , ” he says . “ We need four more. ” They 're going to be gettable . “ These guys despise the NSA . ”
Nothing 's stopping any of these Republicans from writing civil liberties-friendly amendments . Plenty of them do . Democrats , say Grayson , are just more inclined to act quickly , less inclined to think that you can whittle the state down if you defund it or ignore it . “ The government does n't go away if you close your eyes . ”
