( Health.com ) -- Prevention is the best cure for a hangover . The only way to avoid a pounding head and queasiness the morning after is to drink in moderation , or to stay away from alcohol entirely . But with all sorts of seasonal celebrations going on , it 's easy to overindulge .
Alternating your drinks with water or another nonalcoholic beverage can help you slow down and stay hydrated . If you still wind up with a hangover , you may be inclined to try one of the many supposedly tried-and-true remedies that have been passed down through the ages .
Do n't get your hopes up . Traditional hangover remedies are often ineffective , and some of them may actually make you feel worse .
Hair of the dog
Even though the thought of a Bloody Mary may appeal to you , a Virgin Mary is a much better choice the morning after .
`` The worst thing to do is to have another drink , '' says Charles Cutler , M.D. , an internist in Norristown , Pennsylvania , and the chair of the American College of Physician 's board of governors .
The alcohol may temporarily take the edge off your symptoms but could hurt in the long run . Hangovers make you feel horrible because alcohol is toxic , Cutler explains , and you need to give your body a chance to recover . That morning drink could lead to an even worse hangover the following day .
Greasy breakfast
There 's no scientific evidence that a heaping helping of bacon and eggs will ease hangover anguish , although many people swear by it . `` Greasy food is just going to give you heartburn , '' says Cutler , who recommends sticking with easy-to-digest foods such as toast or cereal . `` You want to get calories right back into your system . ''
Eat light and stay hydrated , agrees John Brick , Ph.D. , an alcohol research scientist and author of `` The Doctor 's Hangover Handbook . ''
`` No specific foods are recommended , although honey sandwiches are helpful to some people , '' Brick says . `` [ They 're ] easy to eat and digest . ''
Health.com : Surprising heartburn triggers
Alka-Seltzer
Alka-Seltzer turns 80 in 2011 , and the famous fizzy medicine has probably been used to treat hangovers for nearly that long . In 2001 , the company even introduced a Morning Relief formulation specifically for hangovers .
All Alka-Seltzer varieties contain sodium bicarbonate ( also known as baking soda ) , which will help settle a queasy belly by neutralizing stomach acid . But other ingredients , notably aspirin and citric acid , may irritate your stomach after a night of heavy drinking .
Aspirin or ibuprofen
Over-the-counter painkillers can certainly help ease hangover headaches and the aches and pains you may feel elsewhere in your body after a night of heavy drinking .
But choose carefully . If you 're a regular heavy drinker , you may have done some damage to the lining of your stomach , and taking aspirin or ibuprofen ( such as Advil ) can worsen this damage and even cause bleeding , Dr. Cutler warns .
Acetaminophen ( Tylenol ) is also risky for habitual drinkers , due to the potential for liver damage . Check with your doctor about a painkiller that 's right for you .
Health.com : Being choosy about booze helps avoid hangover ( to a point )
Hangover pills
There are lots of products out there that claim to prevent or cure hangovers -- such as Chaser , PreToxx , and RU 21 -- but there is very little scientific evidence that they will make you feel any better .
`` Hangover pills that have been studied are not effective , or only help against a few complaints ... but not all , '' says Joris C. Verster , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of psychopharmacology at Utrecht University in the Netherlands , who studies hangovers .
A 2005 review article in the journal `` BMJ '' identified eight peer-reviewed , placebo-controlled studies of hangover remedies , and concluded that `` no compelling evidence exists '' to support their use .
`` What 's in them either does n't work , or if it has any benefit , you could buy it generically for probably a third of the price , '' says Cutler .
He suggests taking a multivitamin instead to restore the nutrients your body may have lost during a binge .
Coffee
If you 're a regular coffee drinker , skipping the java when you 're hung over may -- or may not be -- a good idea , Brick says . You may wind up layering a pounding caffeine-withdrawal headache on top of your hangover woes if you miss your morning fix .
That said , caffeine narrows your blood vessels and boosts blood pressure . `` Both of these may make the hangover worse , '' Brick says . `` If you drink coffee regularly , you might try a very small amount in the morning . Wait 30 to 60 minutes and see how you feel . ''
Health.com : Coffee : Is it healthier than you think ?
Water and sports drinks
Conventional wisdom holds that the dehydration caused by heavy drinking is what makes you feel so bad the next day .
In fact , experts actually know very little about what causes a hangover . Potential culprits include disrupted biological rhythms or even alcohol withdrawal , and research suggests that congeners -- toxic substances found in alcohol , especially dark liquors such as whiskey -- may also play a role .
Nevertheless , replacing the fluid you 've lost will likely help you feel a little less miserable .
`` Juice , water , Gatorade , all those things -- they 're going to make you feel better , '' says Cutler .
Exercise
A gentle workout might help you feel better , if you can manage it . ( That 's a big if . )
`` Remember : If you 've been drinking heavily , you could be a little dehydrated , you could be metabolically behind on your nutrition , and exercise is going to require hydration and nutrition , '' Cutler says . `` Exercise is always the right thing to do , but I do n't think [ on ] the morning you wake up with a hangover , exercise is what you need . ''
What you really need is rest , he adds .
Health.com : Cold or flu ? How to know if you 're too sick to work out
Sauna
Think you can `` sweat out '' the alcohol and other toxins you may have consumed during a night of partying ? Think again .
A sauna can cause potentially dangerous blood vessel and blood flow changes in your body . `` The last thing you need is to disrupt the normal blood flow patterns by extreme heat , '' Cutler says .
If you 're already somewhat dehydrated , excessive sweating can be harmful , and even deadly . Researchers from the Finnish State Alcohol Company 's Research Laboratories in Helsinki warn that sauna bathing while hung over carries `` real health risks , '' including dangerous drops in blood pressure and abnormal heart rhythms .
Sleep
People sleep poorly after a night of drinking . Alcohol will put you to sleep quickly , but when it begins to wear off several hours later , the withdrawal your body feels can disrupt sleep and jolt you awake . While sleep deprivation wo n't by itself cause a hangover , it can definitely make the symptoms worse .
Health.com : 7 tips for the best sleep ever
If you have the luxury of `` sleeping it off '' the next day , do so . Your foggy brain and achy body will thank you . `` The body 's got an amazing capacity to heal on its own , '' says Cutler . In the end , the only surefire treatment for a hangover is time .
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Third arrest over Indian man 's murder
Updated
A third person has been charged with murder over the death of an Indian man in southern New South Wales last month .
Ranjodh Singh 's body was found on the side of the road in Willbriggie , near Griffith in late December . It was badly burnt .
Yesterday , a man and woman , were arrested at San Souci in Sydney 's south and charged with murder .
Gurpreet Singh , 23 , and his 20-year-old wife Harpreet Bhullar faced Sutherland Local Court separately today .
Gurpreet Singh seemed calm as he sat in the dock , but his wife was visibly upset .
The couple did not apply for bail and will remain behind bars until their next court appearance next month .
Their lawyer requested a Punjabi interpreter .
The third person , a 25-year-old man , was arrested in Wagga Wagga this morning .
Wagga Local Court heard this afternoon that Harpreet Singh will make a bail application next week .
Police have so far not commented on the motive for the killing , but they say it was not racially motivated .
At the time of his death , Ranjodh Singh was harvesting pumpkins in Griffith . He had been in Australia for a year .
Topics : murder-and-manslaughter , law-crime-and-justice , crime , willbriggie-2680 , australia , nsw
First posted
Growing up on the prairies , farming was a way of life for many people that I knew . I would often spend time over at friends , and help with assorted chores on their farms . Feeding animals , milking cows , chucking hay bales , it was all in a day 's work for the fine folk that so often literally brought home the bacon . I have a great deal of respect for farmers , and so I was ready to take a dive into Farming Simulator 18 , the latest iteration of the popular Farming Simulator series , to see what of actual farm life translates into these popular gaming sims .
Farming Simulator 18 is the newest release from GIANTS Software and publisher Focus Home Interactive . Unlike last year 's release , there is no home console version of the game , this year the focus is on portability and bringing your farm with you wherever you go . The game is available on iOS , Google Play , and for the PlayStation Vita and the 3DS . It has been a while since the series has had an updated version for on-the-go play , so busy folk that want to take their farming with them now have a solid version to do just that .
The game is set in an idyllic town in the southern states . Picturesque backdrops of red rock canyons , tankers floating out in the ocean , and old brick buildings fill the county in which you reside . The game has a fairly vibrant color palette , however , I did find the county to feel fairly empty . It 's a nice area to work and drive around in , but you rarely see more than one vehicle on the roads at any given time . Sure it is n't necessary , but it just makes the world seem a little flat .
However , Farming Simulator 18 is definitely not about how busy the roads are , but what you can do with your properties and there is a decent amount of work to be done on the farm . The game starts you out with a few fields to tend , a couple of tractors and a harvester . You are slowly taught the basics of cultivating , seeding fields , harvesting crops and then selling or storing your grains , vegetables , etc . Once you get the hang of working your crops , you can start to take the money that you make to buy up some more fields , and expand your farming empire .
One pretty interesting feature is the pricing index , that you can bring up to check and see what the going rates are for your products is . This allows you to try and maximize the return that you get on your crops or animals , and get the most bang for your buck . Additionally , you will be alerted by the friendly in-game guide on occasion about a buyer that will pay extra for wheat or canola for example , and then you have to get over within a certain time limit for a bigger payout . It was nice when it happened , and helped me to keep an eye on what I had and what I could make some good money on .
The in-game guide , whom I generally just referred to as Willie Nelson , did a good job early game in teaching what is needed to understand the basics of the game . However , I did find that there were a few things that were a little vague , or not explained well enough initially . For example , I decided that after growing a bunch of wheat that I would try and grow some corn . The corn grew perfectly , but when I went to harvest , I was told that I did not have the right gear to do so . I eventually decided to check in the shop and looked around and found in the headers , the attachment that lets harvesters gather corn . Then it became a mad scramble to go and pick up the header , bring it back , and then harvest my corn before it went bad . For players that are old hands at the series , i 'm sure it is no big deal , but there had been no instructions or hints as to what I needed to do , and this happened a few other times in the game .
The more I played Farming Simulator 18 , the more I got into the groove of it and was interested to see what my crops would yield , what I could sell for , as well as breeding and raising various animals . However , this was the aspect that I probably spent the least amount of time with . I was just always focused on setting up crops and driving tractors and did n't bother with animals that much . But they are there and do add an extra bit of strategy to the game , plus they provide manure , so there is that at least .
The biggest drawbacks , for me anyways , were the camera and the music . The camera , in general , does a decent job of showing what you need to see , and it can be zoomed out a decent distance . However , I found that when close to tall rock formations , or by buildings , my vision was obstructed and it was tough to see my vehicles . It would have been nice to have the rocks or buildings go transparent , which would have been appreciated when trying to line up your tractor when you are doing runs on your fields . The music was something that I really did not appreciate after hearing the same three tracks for the hundredth time . I do n't expect licensed music in every game that I play , but hearing the same few tracks over and over again , well I just turned up the FX of the game so the tractors blared over the music .
Farming Simulator 18 is a good little sim title , that will please fans of the series , especially those that are looking for an on the go version . New players may find interest in the game , however , it does take some time to really get going which may deter some . While there are some flaws to the game , such as a repetitive soundtrack and some camera and visual issues , it is a solid title for farming fans and should be added to your library , especially if you want a portable farming sim .
A Playstation Vita Review Copy of Farming Simulator 18 was provided by Focus Home Interactive for the Purpose of this Review
Sisters Birgitta Ás and Yrja Ás put these photos on Facebook . As you can see , the results of plumping up your lips using a plastic bottle are quite frightening . Photo/ Facebook
`` It was very , very painful , '' says eighteen year old Yrja Ás Baldvinsdóttir who tried enlarging her lips with a bottle , Kylie Jenner style . The method , found on the internet is popular amongst young Icelandic women , and involves sucking your lips into an empty bottle until they swell up .
`` I just wanted to try it out and see what happened . It 's the first time we 've done it , '' explains Baldvinsdóttir who tried out the method with her sister. `` I wo n't be doing it again . My lips turned blue . But after we put our photo on the popular BeautyTips Facebook page we 've seen a number of girls copying us. ``
Cosmetic surgeoun Þórdiís Kjartansdóttir says to mbl.is that she 's never heard of this practice before . `` It can definitely be dangerous if you keep doing it , or do it for too long . The lips become blue with blood and swell up and could become infected or lose all sensation . A really dangerous game , `` she says and adds that she woulld strongly advise against the method to anyone .
Of course , I did n't have a fortune , just $ 500 for the weekend , and I was apprehensive . Could I make Kyoto my own , unearth its secrets and escape with at least a few yen to my name ?
The Hotel Nishiyama , which I 'd found on the comprehensive directory at www.japaneseguesthouses.com , offered a tentative yes . On a quiet street not far from the Kamo River , the Nishiyama had an immaculate courtyard garden , friendly English-speaking staff and tatami-mat rooms at a reasonable 10,500 yen a night , including breakfast . It was also the only hotel in my price range that actually had a room available — though only for one night . The next day , I 'd have to move on .
I arrived too early to check in , so I wandered around , taking note of cute cafes , a Galician restaurant and a Comme des Garçons boutique — all of which suggested I 'd wound up in a chic neighborhood .
When I got back to the hotel , an old friend from grad school , Tucker , was waiting outside . But before we had a chance to catch up , he was leading me down the road to the Nijo Castle , whose painted silk screens he needed to examine ; he was , he claimed , writing a book on Japanese art .
Not that I minded — Nijo Castle is one of Kyoto 's prime attractions ( admission 600 yen ) . Completed in 1623 , it was home to the Tokugawas , the shoguns who ruled Japan for almost 300 years , establishing rigid caste hierarchies and essentially cutting the country off from the outside world .
It 's easy to see the castle as emblematic of its self-imposed isolation : You have to cross two sets of fortifications to reach the main residence , where arrows direct you through a precise route from room to room , allowing barely enough time to appreciate the painted screens ( no photography or sketching allowed ! ) before the crowds jostle you onward .
After saying goodbye to Tucker — he vanished almost as mysteriously as he 'd appeared — I set off for Pontocho , a long , skinny alley that is the center of Kyoto 's restaurant and bar scene . Pontocho feels like a Japanese movie-set come to life : red lanterns and looming billboards light the way past dozens of restaurants , bars and teahouses , some forbidding by design ( unmarked Shoji screen doors ) , others by price ( 8,000 yen a person for sukiyaki ! ) .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A welcome exception was Bistro Zuzu . Dim , crowded , energetic and dominated by a long bar and open kitchen , Zuzu is an izakaya , or Japanese pub , that serves homey snacks , most under 1,000 yen and many with a French twist . A mizuna salad came with a poached egg and crunchy bits of bacon , like a frisée aux lardons . And the aptly misspelled “ verry tender ” beef ribs were finished with butter and a sprinkle of pink peppercorns .
But not everything bore Gallic influence : horse meat “ sashimi ” was as Japanese as it gets , the purplish slices surprisingly clean tasting . With a couple of frosty draft beers , sea-bream sashimi and a rice ball with tart pickles , I spent 4,630 yen — a lot for one person , I suppose , but I 'd eaten enough for two and , for Pontocho , it was definitely cheap .
Afterward , I wandered to Temas , a boutique that applies ancient traditions of pigment dying to modern fashions . The clothes were pricey , but I 'd gone for the bar upstairs .
Open only on Fridays , it was full of youngsters in ultrablack Temas gear , and even though my meager budget was evident in my outfit , they accepted me , slowly at first , then , when I told them I was from New York , quickly . If my Jim Beam had n't cost a shocking 1,300 yen ( including a 500-yen cover charge ) , I might have stuck around a lot longer . As it was , I 'd already spent almost a third of my weekend budget .
The next morning began with a wholesome breakfast of rice , fish , pickles and soup at the Nishiyama . Then I packed my bags and brought them to Ikoi-No-Ie , a mini-ryokan about 10 minutes south . It was no Nishiyama . The owners ' attitudes ranged from indifferent to surly , and my new room was spotless but spartan ( 4,750 yen a night ) .
Instead of settling in , I set off on the three-speed I had rented from Nishiyama . At 1,000 yen a day , it cost about the same as a day pass for the subway ( or a short cab ride ) , and offered something priceless : independence . How else could I have discovered Sou-Sou ?
Photo
This shop takes traditional split-toed tabi slippers , sheathes them in bright , Marimekko-like fabrics and slaps on rubber soles , so you can wear them outside . Very cute , and even affordable , but they did n't have my wife 's size . Instead , I got her two pairs of adorable toe socks ( 1,000 yen ) .
After a quick , yummy sushi lunch at nearby Sarara ( 980 yen ) , recommended by Sou-Sou 's clerks , I pedaled back out to Arashiyama — a trip that wasted most of the day and left me tired and crushed .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I perked up , however , when I met Maya Hara , a Kyoto resident who is a friend of a friend . Over coffee and walnut cake ( 970 yen ) at Efish , an exceedingly cute riverside cafe , she told me about how she 'd become a priest at her family 's Buddhist temple , and clued me in to what became my favorite spot in town : Yoramu .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In the dark of early evening , a few blocks from the Hotel Nishiyama , Yoramu 's glass entrance glowed like a beacon . I entered , walked past a rock garden combed in waves and took a stool at the broad , well-lighted bar , behind which the proprietor , Israeli-born Yoram Ofer , stood guard over dozens of tall sake bottles . On the stereo , Thelonious Monk plunked piano keys . And in what felt like my first moment of solitude in Kyoto , I was the only customer .
Yoram — dark eyes , close-cropped hair , cryptic manner — asked me what I liked and , without naming them , poured out three small glasses ( 1,200 yen ) . The first had a pronounced yeasty flavor , almost like fresh bread . The second was unaccountably mild — until I sipped it after a plate of Yoram 's fresh-made falafel ( 500 yen ) , and it exploded with floral notes . The third — a Katori , the only one of the three sold in stores , Yoram said — was sour , yellowish , pungent , seemingly wrong in every way except that it tasted wonderful . It reminded me of Monk 's playing : oddly keyed and arrhythmic , but precise , intentional , glorious .
As I drank , time slowed down , and the crowds seemed impossibly distant . People go to Kyoto for the tranquillity of its temples — I had found my tranquil temple there .
But in Kyoto , the crush of people is never far away . The next morning , I left the bike behind and headed a few stops east on the clean and speedy subway , where a ride is 210 to 340 yen and day pass is 1,200 yen . I got off at the Nanzen-ji temple complex , possibly the most beautiful — and therefore most popular — shrine-temple-castle-garden agglomeration . It was madness .
Tourists of all nationalities swarmed up the enormous Sanmon gate ( admission 500 yen ) , and swirled around and into the temple ( 500 yen ) , and manically snapped photos of the brilliant autumn leaves and the red-brick 19th-century aqueduct . They moved in sync , and I felt myself getting swallowed up again , until I spotted a tiny trail leading away from the temples . I took a deep breath , waded through the morass and followed the trail past a cemetery , up a set of stone steps and into the wooded hills .
There , not five minutes from the masses , I found a small shrine , empty and silent but for the white static of a nearby waterfall . Then I continued up the path toward a massive rock outcropping that promised views of the valley . I had hoped for isolation , but instead found two American college students sitting at the top .
The moment of solitude had eluded me again . But as I sat there with the students , trading snacks and stories about Kyoto 's affordability ( or lack thereof ) , I realized that tranquillity with strangers is n't so bad . There can be peace in the crowd .
So , when I returned from the woods , I let myself be enveloped by a sea of tourists taking pictures of the crimson maple trees . I even took one myself : it was stunning , the spindly leaves etched in fiery detail . It was even prettier when I looked at it again , at home , alone .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Total : 32,890 yen ( including a 4,460-yen post-sake dinner at Yamase , a tofu restaurant recommended by Yoram ) , about $ 319 at 103 yen to the dollar .
HISTORY AND RELIGION , THEN SUSHI AND SAKE
WHERE TO STAY
Hotel Nishiyama , Gokomachi-dori , one and a half blocks north of Oike ; ( 81-75 ) 222-1166 ; www.ryokan-kyoto.com .
Ikoi-No-Ie , 885 Ushitora-cho ; ( 81-75 ) 354-8081 ; www.ikoi-no-ie.com .
WHAT TO DO
Nijo Castle , Horikawa-dori and Nijo-dori ; ( 81-75 ) 841-0096 .
Nanzen-ji temple complex : take the Tozai line to Keage Station , then walk through the pedestrian tunnel .
Arashiyama : take the Keifuku rail line all the way to the end .
WHERE TO EAT AND DRINK
Bistro Zuzu , Takoyakushi-agaru , Pontocho ; ( 81-75 ) 231-0736 ; www.zuzu.jp ( Japanese only ) .
Efish , 798-1 Nishihasizume-cho ; ( 81-75 ) 361-3069 ; www.shinproducts.com .
Yoramu , Nijo-dori , east of Karasuma ; ( 81-75 ) 213-1512 ; www.sakebar-yoramu.com .
Sarara , 580 Nakano-cho ; ( 81-75 ) 254-7545 ; www.wa-sarara.jp .
Yamase , Shinmachi-dori , south of Marutamachi-dori ; ( 81-75 ) 213-5888 .
WHERE TO SHOP
Temas , 122-1 Ishiya-cho , Pontocho ; ( 81-75 ) 257-1951 ; www.temas.jp .
Sou-Sou , multiple locations ; www.sousou.co.jp .
The verdict could serve as a warning to politicians about disclosing gifts . The McDonnell verdict 's lesson
A word of warning to politicians across the country : Do n't think you 're off the hook because you 're not Bob McDonnell .
The former Virginia governor 's conviction on 11 counts of corruption Thursday could send a chilling message to other lawmakers , ethics experts say , because the verdict was rooted in an unusually broad definition of what can be considered an official act that 's traded for gifts . It 's a precedent that could make it easier to go after other politicians who may think the little favors they do for others are n't really “ official . ”
Story Continued Below
Sure , McDonnell 's case , which played out in federal court , may have been more colorful and brazen than the norm .
( PHOTOS : Bob and Maureen McDonnell 's trial )
Most high-profile politicians do n't accept $ 50,000 loans from local business people , or $ 15,000 wedding gifts for their daughters , or expensive golf trips or Rolex watches . Those facts may have led some elected officials to conclude that they do n't have much to worry about because they would never do those things .
But McDonnell was convicted even though the most the prosecution could prove was that he did fairly mundane things such as setting up meetings for businessman Jonnie Williams , who was trying to promote a dietary supplement — as opposed to official acts enumerated under state laws , such as the power to appoint someone to an office .
The ex-governor 's wife , Maureen , also was convicted of several of the same charges , and their attorneys said they would appeal . Regardless , legal experts say the implications of the McDonnell verdict Thursday go way beyond Virginia , a state which has long had a reputation for lax ethics laws .
( WATCH : McDonnell corruption trial recap )
“ I really can not stress strongly enough how badly people are missing the boat if they think this is limited to Richmond , ” said Chuck James , a white-collar defense attorney with Williams Mullen , a law firm in the Virginia capital . “ If politicians do n't look in the mirror and question their actions after this , they do so at their own peril . ”
Stan Brand , a Democratic attorney who specializes in campaign finance and government ethics , said the broad definition of McDonnell 's actions should make other governors and politicians think twice about even their informal actions .
“ I think governors and others have to think , ‘ Wow , it 's not just the authority that I have under the statute — it 's all the informal things that I do , ' ” Brand said .
( Also on POLITICO : McDonnells convicted of corruption )
The verdict could also serve as a warning to politicians not to be careless about disclosing gifts , Brand said , because even if state laws are n't strict about disclosures , “ the feds are watching , and if you do n't disclose it , they may come calling . ”
Some ethics experts say McDonnell just got himself into his own unique brand of trouble .
“ Arguing about whether an act is official tends to concede that there was a quid pro quo , it just was n't official . That is a very weak position to be in , ” said Jan Baran , a GOP attorney who specializes in election law and government ethics .
And even though some Virginia Democrats want to take another crack at strengthening the state 's ethics laws , they do n't necessarily believe that even a tougher statute would have kept McDonnell out of trouble . After all , federal prosecutors came calling on the once-rising Republican even when the state had weaker laws .
( QUIZ : How well do you know the McDonnells ? )
“ The conduct he engaged in was criminal . The jury said it was criminal . We ca n't make it any more criminal , ” state Sen. Donald McEachin said .
Still , the verdict in the McDonnell case clearly expanded the definition of what can be considered an official act .
To decide whether there was a clear tradeoff for the gifts , Judge James R. Spencer told the jury that they should n't just consider actions that fell under McDonnell 's job description — they could consider any actions “ that a public official customarily performs , ” or even just something that could advance a long-term goal .
James noted that Williams was never able to testify that McDonnell or his wife ever promised him an official action in exchange for his gifts .
Instead , the case against them was built around more low-key events , such as McDonnell 's instructions to set up meetings for Williams or attending an event at the governor 's mansion that marked the launch of one of Williams ' new products . And prosecutors were unable to show that Williams got anything tangible for all the money he showered on the McDonnell family .
Hillary Clinton , DNC Colluded With Russia In An Attempt To Steal The Election From Donald Trump
Loading ... Loading ...
Fresh off the heels of a shocking report , published by the Washington Post , that confirmed that the infamous “ Russia dossier ” was actually funded by both the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee , an even more startling revelation has emerged – The Clinton-DNC machine colluded with the Russians to fabricate and spread serious disinformation about Donald Trump in a failed attempt at swaying the election in the favor of Hillary Clinton .
That 's right , in a literal reverse of what the entire mainstream media has fed the American people for over a year , we now have evidence that , either wittingly or unwittingly , the Clinton campaign and the DNC paid for what amounted to disinformation that came directly from “ Russian sources ” .
Obviously this may seem truly unbelievable to some , but the facts speak for themselves and there is no denying that Democrats paid a shady opposition research company to try and dig up dirt on Donald Trump who then subsequently hired former British spy Christopher Steele . Steele then openly used Russian sources for most of the serious allegations in the “ Russia dossier ” .
Clinton Lawyer Hires Fusion GPS For Disinformation
According to The Washington Post report , which was later confirmed by Politico , Clinton and DNC lawyer Marc Elias hired the “ opposition research ” ( see disinformation ) company Fusion GPS who then outsourced the work to former British spy Christopher Steele who eventually went on to release the “ Russian dossier ” which was chalked full of disinformation , including lurid sexual allegations against Donald Trump .
The fact that the Clinton campaign would hire Fusion GPS in the first place paints a clear picture of a campaign willing to pay for any dirt on then candidate Donald Trump whether it was true or not . This becomes even more clear when you consider the history of Fusion GPS itself .
As Breitbart reported , “ Fusion GPS is not some usual-usual oppo-research firm . Among other things , the company has been accused of being a “ Democrat-aligned misinformation firm ” aligned with Russia . While refusing to cooperate with congressional investigations , including taking the fifth , Fusion GPS has also been accused of advocating for “ the interests of corrupt Russian and Venezuelan officials while hiding its foreign work from federal authorities . ”
The Federalist 's Mollie Hemingway also noted the serious allegations against the company :
At a July hearing , Senate Judiciary members were told Fusion GPS helped advocate the interests of corrupt Russian and Venezuelan officials while hiding its foreign work from federal authorities . Fusion GPS has been accused of illegally working as an undisclosed foreign agent and is currently refusing to comply with federal subpoenas for information on its foreign clients .
Fusion GPS also has deep connections to the mainstream media , including the fact that it was literally founded by a team of former mainstream media reporters who have deep connections to those currently in the profession .
Again Hemingway notes :
The principals at Fusion GPS are well-connected to mainstream media reporters . They are former journalists themselves , and know how to package stories and provide information to push narratives . They are , in fact , close friends with some of the top reporters who have covered the Russia-Trump collusion story . Fusion GPS has placed stories with friendly reporters while fighting congressional investigators ' attempts to find out the group 's sources of funding . Fusion GPS leaders have taken the Fifth and fought subpoenas for information about the group 's involvement with Russia . Their close friendships with key reporters on these stories have paid huge dividends for the firm , although these friendships and cooperative relationships have not served the public well .
Former Spy Used “ Russian Sources ” For Infamous Trump Dossier
This is where the story turns from shocking to downright unbelievable , especially when you consider the year-long mainstream media disinformation narrative that claims that the Russians helped Donald Trump win the election .
The spook working for Fusion GPS , ( which was hired by the Clinton campaign ) Christopher Steele , openly bragged about his sources being within the Russian government itself .
Buried deep in a report by Vanity Fair that spends thousands of words trying to pretend that the dossier could be legitimate , is this nugget that paints a picture of direct or indirect collusion between the Clinton team and Russia .
How good were these sources ? Consider what Steele would write in the memos he filed with Simpson : Source A—to use the careful nomenclature of his dossier—was “ a senior Russian Foreign Ministry figure. ” Source B was “ a former top level intelligence officer still active in the Kremlin. ” And both of these insiders , after “ speaking to a trusted compatriot , ” would claim that the Kremlin had spent years getting its hooks into Donald Trump . Source E was “ an ethnic Russian ” and “ close associate of Republican US presidential candidate Donald Trump . ”
After “ gathering ” the information , Steele was then directed by Fusion GPS to “ brief ” the media about the Russian government fueled allegations against Trump .
As The Daily Caller noted in July :
In one , dated May 18 , Steele says that he was instructed by Fusion GPS to meet with reporters at various outlets in order to publicize some of the allegations made in the dossier . It has been widely known that Fusion GPS and Steele were in contact with reporters to discuss the dossier . It has been reported that rumors of the dossier were floating around in Washington , D.C. political and journalist circles for months prior to BuzzFeed 's decision to publish it on Jan. 10 . [ … ] In the response , Steele 's lawyers state that the former spook briefed several reporters at the end of September at the instruction of Fusion GPS , which was working on behalf of a Democratic ally of Hillary Clinton 's . The outlets were The New York Times , The Washington Post , Yahoo ! News , The New Yorker and CNN . Steele met once more — and again at Fusion GPS 's instruction — with The Times , The Post , and Yahoo ! News . Fusion GPS took part in all of those meetings , Steele 's lawyers say . “ In each of those cases the briefing was conducted verbally in person , ” the document reads . In October , Fusion GPS instructed Steele to brief a journalist from Mother Jones . The interview , which was conducted through Skype , was likely with reporter David Corn .
It does n't get any clearer than this . Fusion GPS was paid by Democrats to dig up dirt , that dirt was then supplied by the Russians , and subsequently became a major part of the narrative surrounding Donald Trump and Russia .
“ What you clearly have here been the Clinton campaign openly COLLUDING with a foreign country , with the Russians , to fabricate scurrilous lies about Trump , which were then fed to a willing media as a means to affect their news coverage , and by extension , sway the election , ” Breitbart 's John Nolte wrote .
Fusion GPS “ Was Acting On Behalf Of Russia ”
Amazingly , testimony and evidence already exists that Fusion GPS has in the past worked directly for Russia and may have been doing so with the Trump disinformation dossier .
At a Senate Judiciary Hearing in late July , Hermitage Capital Management chief William Browder testified that the company was acting on behalf of Russia after co-founder Glenn Simpson was hired by a person connected to lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya to lobby for the repeal of the Magnitsky Act .
The following exchange between Browder and Senator Lindsey Graham is shocking to say the least .
SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM : This whole story reads like some kind of novel that nobody would buy , it 's got to be fiction , but unfortunately maybe it 's true . Let 's just break down sort of why you 're here . You believe that Fusion GPS should of registered under FARA , because they were acting on the behalf of the Russians ? WILLIAM BROWDER : That 's correct . SEN. GRAHAM : So , I just want to absorb that for a moment . The group that did the dossier on President Trump hired this British spy , wound up getting it to the FBI . You believe they were working for the Russians ? BROWDER : And in the Spring and Summer of 2016 they were receiving money indirectly from a senior Russian government official . SEN. GRAHAM : Okay . So , these are the people that were trying to undermine Donald Trump by showing the nefarious ties to Russia . Is that what you 're saying ? BROWDER : Well , what I 'm saying with 100 % certainty is that they were working to undermine the Magnitsky act and the timing of that . SEN. GRAHAM : But , the Fusion GPS products apparently as they hired a guy to look into Trump ? BROWDER : Yes . SEN. GRAHAM : Right BROWDER : Correct .
When you put all the evidence together , keeping in mind that this is only what has been released so far , you can see a clear picture of , at the very least , indirect collusion between the highest levels of the Democratic Party and unknown figures within the Russian government . The scheme was then directly propped up and spread by the mainstream media .
As Nolte so aptly notes , “ If purchasing misinformation from Kremlin official as a means to manipulate media coverage and sway public opinion is not colluding with the Russians to rig an election , nothing is . ”
Editor 's Note : It is important to take anything coming from the Washington Post with a mountain of salt , as we have shown numerous times in the past . The simple fact that the organization has turned on Clinton , the very individual for which they have been openly advocating , just when it becomes clear that the evidence is finally too difficult to propagandize away with lies , shows its disingenuous , dishonest , and frankly , cowardly nature . However , the story on which they have chosen to disregard years of pro-Clinton propaganda , and its own failing reputation , is quite true , as the evidence speaks for itself , regardless of who does the reporting .
Authored by Alex Thomas via SHTFplan.com
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World .
Fears are growing for hundreds of civilians who are trapped in a Benghazi neighbourhood which faces intensified fighting after several months under military blockade , Amnesty International said today .
The organization has gathered testimony from some of the 130 Libyan families and hundreds of foreign nationals who have been trapped for months in the residential district of Ganfouda , in south-west Benghazi . All entry roads are blocked by the fighting or Libyan National Army forces , and food , water and electricity supplies have been cut off .
“ Time is running out for civilians in Ganfouda , who are being left to die trapped by the fighting . While bombs and shells continue to rain down on them , civilians are struggling to survive on rotten food and dirty water . And the sick and wounded must make do with dwindling supplies of expired medicines , ” said Magdalena Mughrabi , Deputy Director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International .
Time is running out for civilians in Ganfouda , who are being left to die trapped by the fighting . While bombs and shells continue to rain down on them , civilians are struggling to survive on rotten food and dirty water . Magdalena Mughrabi , Deputy Director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
“ As the airstrikes intensify and the fighting moves ever closer , many people are too afraid to leave their homes . We are urging all parties to the fighting in Benghazi to respect international humanitarian law and allow unfettered access to humanitarian relief for civilians in need . Those who wish to leave must be protected from any attacks based on where they are from or their perceived political affiliation . ”
A military offensive named Operation Dignity was launched in mid-2014 by former General Khalifa Haftar against Islamist militias and armed groups in Benghazi , which later formed a coalition known as the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries ( SCBR ) . During fighting in the city , both sides have committed serious human rights abuses and violations of international humanitarian law , in some cases amounting to war crimes .
Two years on , the Libyan National Army under Khalifa Haftar 's command has continued to carry out repeated air strikes on areas under SCBR control in Benghazi - namely Ganfouda and other smaller pockets in the city - endangering the lives of civilians . General Khalifa Haftar 's forces have also restricted entry to , and departure from Ganfouda , leaving many people pinned down by airstrikes .
Mohamed , a resident of Ganfouda , told Amnesty International that airstrikes and artillery shelling have intensified and moved closer over the past week . He spoke of the desperate need for humanitarian supplies , especially for children .
“ Children look like skin and bones because of the lack of food and poor nutrition… If they could just drop us some food for the children or get them out of here , even if that meant leaving the rest of us , that would be fine , ” he said .
Children look like skin and bones because of the lack of food and poor nutrition Mohamed , a resident of Ganfouda Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
He described how the flour , rice and oil available had all expired , and how lack of cooking fuel meant they had to cook in a wheelbarrow filled with coal . Mohamed has a kidney problem , but the medicine he needs to treat this has run out .
Mohamed took in eight other families who fled the fighting and around 45 people , including 23 children , are now living in terribly cramped conditions in his house .
“ There are no fighters amongst us : we 're just normal civilians , ” he said .
He described how constant , indiscriminate shelling and lack of electricity , which has been cut for over two years , leaves them huddled at home in the dark . “ It 's like we 're in prison , ” he said .
“ We just want a safe way to leave , ” said “ Waleed ” , another resident trapped in Ganfouda , whose name has been changed to protect his identity .
“ I have two sons , one is three and a half and the other is two years old . There is no baby milk or food for them . I have to fill bottles with water and fool them into thinking it 's milk . ”
As well as the lack of basic supplies which make daily life so difficult , people are also living in constant fear of airstrikes and shelling , with many saying they are too scared to leave their homes . One of the civilians Amnesty International had been in contact with inside Ganfouda , Tarik Gaoda , was killed on 1 July 2016 alongside his 80-year-old father . They perished as a result of a fatal air strike , according to an eyewitness who did not want to be named for security reasons .
“ Planes are patrolling the skies and people are scared to even walk outside because any area where they see movement , they strike . Even a mosque was hit by shelling a few months ago , ” said “ Hassan ” .
“ There are constant airstrikes , and we do n't leave our houses at all , ” said “ Khadija ” , a woman trapped with her four young children including a 10-month-old girl who she was forced to give birth to at home because of the fighting . She has no baby powder or medical supplies for her daughter , and the lack of clean water is becoming a serious concern .
“ All the warring parties must take all feasible precautions to protect the lives of civilians caught up in the fighting in Ganfouda and other parts of Libya in line with their obligations under international humanitarian law , ” said Magdalena Mughrabi .
“ Indiscriminate or disproportionate attacks are prohibited by international law and every effort must be made to distinguish between military targets and civilians or civilian homes and buildings . Artillery and other imprecise explosive weapons with wide area effects should never be used in the vicinity of densely populated civilian areas . ”
Amnesty International has expressed concern for an estimated 130 detainees who were abducted by the armed group Ansar al-Sharia in 2014 and are also trapped under fire in Benghazi . Recent media reports , which have not been independently verified , suggest that as many as 20 detainees may have been killed in airstrikes , with photos of their dead bodies shared online .
Hundreds of foreign nationals , including Sudanese , Chadian and Bangladeshi migrant workers are believed to be amongst those trapped in Ganfouda . According to media reports , at least five Sudanese nationals were killed in an airstrike in mid-August . Ganfouda residents interviewed by Amnesty International have also said that foreign nationals were amongst those killed in recent airstrikes .
We 're living like animals `` Samir '' one of the residents trapped in Ganfouda Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
“ We 're living like animals , ” said “ Samir ” , another resident and former judicial police officer who lives in Ganfouda with his wife , three sons and a one year old daughter . He has also taken in three other families who were displaced by the conflict– bringing the number of people living in their household to 24 , including 14 children .
“ Our house has been hit and damaged by three tank shells . One hit the bedroom , another the stairs , while the third shell hit the kitchen but did not explode . The shell is still there and intact , ” he said , adding that at least six families have had loved ones killed in airstrikes in August . Two of the families were from Chad .
Lack of a phone signal in many parts of Ganfouda has made it difficult for those trapped to make contact with the outside world , meaning their relatives do not know whether they have survived .
Civilians are also scared that they may be subjected to attacks based on their perceived support for SCBR forces , after a tribal leader affiliated with Operation Dignity stated at the end of August that any person over the age of 14 should not be allowed to leave Ganfouda alive .
“ All sides should be facilitating the delivery of aid and granting civilians who wish to leave the area safe passage . Civilians should not be used as human shields , and those who wish to leave must be protected from arbitrary detention , torture or any other abuses , “ said Magdalena Mughrabi .
March 27 , 2013
DOMA trials
By Jacob Combs
Part One : first impressions
I just got out of the Supreme Court 's press gallery , where we heard two packed hours of oral arguments on the constitutionality of Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act . A big first impression : it seems quite likely that Section 3 of DOMA will be struck down by the Supreme Court . But the Court may not get to that decision the way observers might have expected , and there remains a chance it does n't get to that question at all . Today 's oral arguments felt like a marathon : we had a brief break between the jurisdictional and merits questions ( and by brief , I mean brief ) and other than that it was over two hours of solid legal back-and-forth . Like yesterday , the arguments were wonky and did n't include any fireworks .
The jurisdictional/standing arguments made it clear that there is skepticism on the Court as to whether the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group has standing to defend DOMA in court , but there is also uncertainty about the idea that the federal government should be able to appeal a lower court decision that it agrees with . Chief Justice Roberts , for instance , asked why President Obama has not simply ceased to enforce DOMA as opposed to continuing to enforce it and instead attacking it in court . At one point , he told Deputy Solicitor General Sri Srinivasan ( arguing on behalf of the federal government ) that recognizing jurisdiction in this case–where all parties agree with the lower court 's decision–would be “ wholly unprecedented . ”
Justice Kennedy , however , did seem convinced that there was an injury present in the case , as did Justice Kagan , who said , simply , that there 's “ a lot of money ” at stake in the case . Roberts also opened up his own argument a bit , asking if a house of Congress of could move to join a lawsuit if it simply did n't agree with the government 's arguments in favor of a law it had passed . Several Justices questioned Paul Clement ( speaking on behalf of BLAG ) as to why just the 5-member body could throw the full weight of the House behind DOMA , and pointed out that a full House vote would be more persuasive . Justice Kennedy asked if the Senate could intervene on the other side of the case , which Clement said it could not .
On the merits of the case , the Justices spent a significant amount of today 's argument time questioning all parties on whether DOMA was an unconstitutional intrusion of the federal government into an area traditionally reserved to state law . For instance , when Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , Jr. stepped up to represent the federal government 's position , the Justices grilled him on this issue and seemed very skeptical of his claim that there is no federalism problem inherent in DOMA .
Justice Kennedy in particular pointed out that DOMA affects over 1000 federal rights , and told Clement that he was at “ real risk of running in conflict ” with the state police power to regulate marriage . Justice Sotomayor critiqued Clement 's argument that DOMA could be defended as an expression of the federal government 's wish that marital eligibility be uniform for the purposes of federal law , saying that doing so would treat couples in New York differently from those in Nebraska . Justice Breyer asked whether Congress could limit federal marital benefits based on age or residency , and when Clement said that it could , the Justice said that doing so would be thoroughly irrational .
Nevertheless , there appeared to be at least five clear votes on the Court for invalidating DOMA , either on issues of federal overreach or on equal protection grounds . On the latter issue , the Court spent some time–but not much–discussing whether laws that classify based on sexual orientation should be subject to the more searching judicial review of heightened scrutiny . Justice Kagan in particular questioned whether or not Congress might have had other motives in passing DOMA besides uniformity ; Justice Sotomayor quoted the House record from when the law was enacted , which stated that the law was intended to “ express [ ] moral disapproval of homosexuality. ” But Chief Justice Roberts asked both Verrilli and Kaplan if the legislators who voted in favor of DOMA could be explicitly accused of animus , which both lawyers disavowed . Breyer pressed Clement for a “ list of reasons ” why Congress would want to limit federal marital benefits to opposite-sex couples only .
From today 's arguments , it does seem that DOMA is on its last legs and that the Supreme Court will likely strike it down this summer if it decides Edie Windsor 's case on the merits . But there are many complex arguments on the standing/jurisdiction questions that the Justices will have to address in their decision . We 'll have more in-depth analysis at EqualityOnTrial.com today on the specific issues in the case–check back later for more coverage !
Answering some popular questions about ... DOMA oral arguments at the Supreme Court : an ...
Hugo Chavez — Paul Craig Roberts
On March 5 , 2013 , Hugo Chavez , President of Venezuela and world leader against imperialism , died . Washington imperialists and their media and think tank whores expressed gleeful sighs of relief as did the brainwashed US population . An “ enemy of America ” was gone .
Chavez was not an enemy of America . He was an enemy of Washington 's hegemony over other countries , an enemy of Washington 's alliance with elite ruling cliques who steal from the people they grind down and deny sustenance . He was an enemy of Washington 's injustice , of Washington 's foreign policy based on lies and military aggression , bombs and invasions .
Washington is not America . Washington is Satan 's home town .
Chavez was a friend of truth and justice , and this made him unpopular throughout the Western World where every political leader regards truth and justice as dire threats .
Chavez was a world leader . Unlike US politicians , Chavez was respected throughout the non-western world . He was awarded honorary doctorates from China , Russia , Brazil , and other countries , but not from Harvard , Yale , Cambridge , and Oxford .
Chavez was a miracle . He was a miracle , because he did not sell out to the United States and the Venezuelan elites . Had he sold out , Chavez would have become very rich from oil revenues , like the Saudi Royal Family , and he would have been honored by the United States in the way that Washington honors all its puppets : with visits to the White House . He could have become a dictator for life as long as he served Washington .
Each of Washington 's puppets , from Asia to Europe and the Middle East , anxiously awaits the invitation that demonstrates Washington 's appreciation of his or her servitude to the global imperialist power that still occupies Japan and Germany 68 years after World War II and South Korea 60 years after the end of the Korean War and has placed troops and military bases in a large number of other “ sovereign ” countries .
It would have been politically easy for Chavez to sell out . All he had to do was to continue populist rhetoric , promote his allies in the army , throw more benefits to the underclass than its members had ever previously experienced , and divide the rest of the oil revenues with the corrupt Venezuelan elites .
But Chavez was a real person , like Rafael Correa , the three-term elected president of Ecuador , who stood up to the United States and granted political asylum to the persecuted Julian Assange , and Evo Morales , the first indigenous president of Bolivia since the Spanish conquest . The majority of Venezuelans understood that Chavez was a real person . They elected him to four terms as president and would have continued electing him as long as he lived . What Washington hates most is a real person who can not be bought .
The more the corrupt western politicians and media whores demonized Chavez , the more Venezuelans loved him . They understood completely that anyone damned by Washington was God 's gift to the world .
It is costly to stand up to Washington . All who are bold enough to do so are demonized . They risk assassination and being overthrown in a CIA-organized coup , as Chavez was in 2002 . When CIA-instructed Venezuelan elites sprung their coup and kidnapped Chavez , the coup was overthrown by the Venezuelan people who took to the streets and by elements of the military before Chavez could be murdered by the CIA-controlled Venezuelan elites , who escaped with their own venal lives only because , unlike them , Chavez was humanitarian . The Venezuelan people rose in instantaneous and massive public defense of Chavez and put the lie to the Bush White House claim that Chavez was a dictator .
Showing its sordid corruption , the New York Times took the side of the undemocratic coup by a handful of elitists against the democratically elected Chavez , and declared that Chavez 's removal by a small group of rich elites and CIA operatives meant that “ Venezuelan democracy is no longer threatened by a would-be dictator . ”
The lies and demonization continue with Chavez 's death . He will never be forgiven for standing up for justice . Neither will Correa and Morales , both of whom are no doubt on assassination lists .
CounterPunch , Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting , and other commentators have collected examples of the venom-spewing obituaries that the western presstitutes have written for Chavez , essentially celebrations that death has silenced the bravest voice on earth . http : //www.counterpunch.org/2013/03/08/obituaries-for-hugo-chavez/
http : //fair.org/take-action/media-advisories/in-death-as-in-life-chavez-target-of-media-scorn/
Perhaps the most absurd of all was Associated Press business reporter Pamela Sampson 's judgment that Chavez wasted Venezuela 's oil wealth on “ social programs including state-run food markets , cash benefits for poor families , free health clinics and education programs , ” a poor use of money that could have been used to build sky scrappers such as “ the world 's tallest building in Dubai and branches of the Louvre and Guggenheim museums in Abu Dhabi . ”
http : //www.fair.org/blog/2013/03/06/ap-chavez-wasted-his-money-on-healthcare-when-he-could-have-built-gigantic-skyscrapers/
Among the tens of millions of Washington 's victims in the world–the people of Afghanistan , Iraq , Libya , Sudan , Pakistan , Yemen , Somalia , Syria , Palestine , Lebanon , Mali , with Iran , Russia , China , and South America waiting in the wings for sanctions , destabilization , conquest or reconquest , Chavez 's September 20 , 2006 speech at the UN General Assembly during the George W. Bush regime will stand forever as the greatest speech of the early 21st century .
Chavez beards the lion , or rather Satan , in his own den :
“ Yesterday , the devil himself stood right here , at this podium , speaking as if he owned the world . You can still smell the sulfur . ”
“ We should call a psychiatrist to analyze yesterday 's statement made by the president of the United States . As the spokesman of imperialism , he came to share his nostrums , to try to preserve the current pattern of domination , exploitation and pillage of the peoples of the world . An Alfred Hitchcock movie could use it as a scenario . I would even propose a title : ‘ the Devil 's Recipe . ' ”
The UN General Assembly had never heard such words , not even in the days when the militarily powerful Soviet Union was present . Faces broke out in smiles of approval , but no one dared to clap . Too much US money for the home country was at stake . [ A reader pointed out that although Chavez 's speech was not interrupted with clapping , he received a healthy round of applause at the end . ]
The US and UK delegations fled the scene , like vampires confronted with garlic and the Cross or werewolves confronted with silver bullets .
Chavez spoke about the false democracy of elites that is imposed by force and on others by “ weapons and bombs. ” Chavez asked , “ What type of democracy do you impose with Marines and bombs ? ”
Wherever George W. Bush looks , Chavez said , “ he sees extremists . And you , my brother–he looks at your color , and he says , oh , there 's an extremist . Evo Morales , the worthy president of Bolivia , looks like an extremist to him . The imperialists see extremists everywhere . It is not that we are extremists . It is that the world is waking up . It is waking up all over and people are standing up . ”
In two short sentences totaling 20 words , Chavez defined for all times early 21st century Washington : “ The imperium is afraid of truth , is afraid of independent voices . It calls us extremists , but they are the extremists . ”
Throughout South America and the non-western world , Chavez 's death is being blamed on Washington . South Americans are aware of the US congressional hearings in the 1970s when the Church Committee brought to light the various CIA schemes to poison Fidel Castro .
The official document presented to President John F. Kennedy by the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , known as the Northwoods Project , is known to the world and is available online . The Northwoods project consisted of a false flag attack on American citizens in order to blame Cuba and create public and world acceptance for US-imposed regime change in Cuba . President Kennedy rejected the proposal as inconsistent with morality and accountable government . http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Northwoods
The belief has already hardened in South America that Washington with its hideous technologies of death infected Chavez with cancer in order to remove him as an obstacle to Washington 's hegemony over South America .
This belief will never die : Chavez , the greatest South American since Simon Bolivar , was murdered by Washington . True or false , the belief is set in stone . As Washington and globalism destroy more countries , the lives of elites become more precarious .
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt understood that security for the rich required economic security for the underclasses . Roosevelt established in the US a weak form of social democracy that European politicians had already understood was necessary for social cohesion and political and economic stability .
The Clinton , Bush , and Obama regimes set about undermining the stability that Roosevelt provided , as Thatcher , Major , Blair , and the current prime minister of the UK undermined the social agreement between classes in the UK . Politicians in Canada , Australia , and New Zealand also made the mistake of handing power over to private elites at the expense of social and economic stability .
Gerald Celente predicts that the elites will not survive the hatred and anger that they are bringing upon themselves . I suspect that he is correct . The American middle class is being destroyed . The working class has become a proletariat , and the social welfare system is being destroyed in order to reduce the budget deficit caused by the loss of tax revenues to jobs offshoring and the expense of wars , overseas military bases , and financial bailouts . The American people are being compelled to suffer in order that elites can continue with their agendas .
The US elites know what is coming . That is why they created a Nazi-style Ministry of the Interior known as Homeland Security , armed with enough ammunition to kill every American five times and with tanks to neutralize the Second Amendment rights of Americans . http : //www.informationclearinghouse.info/article34259.htm
http : //www.forbes.com/sites/ralphbenko/2013/03/11/1-6-billion-rounds-of-ammo-for-homeland-security-its-time-for-a-national-conversation/
Pistols and rifles are useless against tanks , as the Branch Davidians found out in Waco , Texas . The protection of a small handful of elites from the Americans they are oppressing is also the reason the police are being militarized , brought under Washington 's control and armed with drones that can assassinate the real leaders of the American people who will be , not in the legislative , executive , or judicial chambers , but in the streets . http : //www.globalresearch.ca/the-militarization-of-law-enforcement-in-america-use-of-military-technology-and-tactics-by-local-level-police/5326303
Internment camps in the US appear to be real and not a conspiracy theory . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=FfkZ1yri26s
http : //info.publicintelligence.net/USArmy-InternmentResettlement.pdf
The threat that the US government poses to its own citizens was recognized on March 7 , 2013 , by two US Senators , Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) and Rand Paul ( R-KY ) , who introduced a bill to prevent the US government from murdering its own citizens : “ The Federal Government may not use a drone to kill a citizen of the United States who is located in the United States ” unless the person “ poses an imminent threat of death or serious bodily injury to another individual . Nothing in this section shall be construed to suggest that the Constitution would otherwise allow the killing of a citizen of the United States in the United States without due process of law. ” http : //www.cruz.senate.gov/record.cfm ? id=339952
The “ indispensable people ” with their presidents Bush and Obama have begun the 21st century with death and violence . That is their only legacy .
The death and violence that Washington has unleashed will come back to Washington and to the corrupt political elites everywhere . As Gerald Celente says , the first great war of the 21st century has begun .
Note : we are at MadLab as usual , but this month 's meetup is on the Tuesday to avoid the bank holiday . If you want to let us know you 're coming , you can sign up on our Meetup.com event link .
This month for Bitcoin Machester we are going to talk on the theme of privacy . Blockchain-based currencies as a public ledger can be read by anyone and this causes positive and negative effects .
We will report on two technologies designed to enhance privacy and how they work .
Confidential Transactions
Max will describe Confidential Transactions , a new more private type of transaction for Bitcoin . Confidential Transactions enable Bitcoin users to send transactions where the amount is kept private , but the ledger can still be used to validate that the total amount adds up .
Max will describe how this works , what benefits it has for privacy , and what trade-offs it makes in terms of transaction size and performance .
CoinJoin and coin mixing
Ash will describe CoinJoin , a more basic form of privacy ( but already actively in use ) that combines transactions from multiple users to make tracing the flow of money harder . He will explain how CoinJoin works and discuss its limitations .
Ash will look at two implementations of CoinJoin : JoinMarket for Bitcoin and DarkSend ( to be rebranded PrivacyProtect ) for Dash . With JoinMarket , bitcoin holders can earn a fee by depositing coins as mixing collateral on a JoinMarket server they contral . With PrivacyProtect/DarkSend , Dash users can mix coins through the Dash masternode network . We will compare the differences of the two systems .
Pizza & Pub
As always we 'll have sponsored pizza provided by one of the Bitcoin-accepting Takeaway.com vendors .
Finally at around 9pm we 'll head to the pub , which is our new friend Terrace right next to MadLab .
Microsoft started a closed beta for Office on Android tablets back in November , but today it 's opening things up . Just mosey over to the Play Store , and you can download Word , Excel , and PowerPoint for free , no beta invite required . These are still preview apps , but they seem ready for prime time .
You can install these apps on any Android tablet with a screen between 7 and 10.1-inches that is running Android 4.4 or 5.0 . There 's a popup warning when you first start an Office app on Lollipop that there may be compatibility issues , but I have n't encountered any problems . You will need a Microsoft account , but the apps are completely free .
The Office apps for Android can be used to edit and create files locally or in OneDrive . If you 've got a Dropbox account , Office can plug into that as well . Take 'em for a spin and see what you think . I 'm reasonably impressed .
Some of my readers may think that keeping a daily journal is what only little girls do , but do n't be so quick to judge . I will try to convince you that keeping a daily journal is something that each one of us should do if we are seriously looking into changing the quality of our life .
There are mainly two reasons why I decided to bring this topic up and to share it with others . The first reason is that keeping a daily journal has tremendously changed me in a positive way in so many different areas of life . The second reason is that the majority of people out there underestimate the power of journaling . We tend to think that keeping a journal has no real practical implications to it , and therefore no use of having one . And even when we do understand the potential of journaling , we procrastinate and are simply too lazy make it happen .
We forget that life is a lot about movement and becoming better as we grow . We try out new things , become more experienced , and then we strive to become even better . This can concern relationships , sports , career or life in general . But because we are constantly bombarded with so many things , we tend to miss or forget the small successes and failures of life . And this is the reason why we make the same mistakes over and over , and not experience the progress that we were after . Simply put , we have nothing to compare our life to . We change , but because our memory is very limited , we remember only what we were , and we see what we have become . The process of changing , making mistakes , trial and error , is unfortunately left out .
Like I said , having a daily journal has changed me to the extent that I now feel obliged to preach to you about its effectiveness . Today , I want to share with you six examples where keeping a daily journal will bring you real , solid , legit and positive results !
Examples of effective daily journal keeping
1 . Lucid dreaming
One of the longest periods of keeping a daily journal in my life was related to lucid dreaming .
For those of you that do n't know , lucid dreaming is when you become fully or partially aware in your dreams , and you can basically do whatever you want . Remember the movie Inception with Leonardo DiCaprio ? It 's kinda like that , kinda .
When I was a little younger , I noticed that once in a while I am able to become aware in my dreams . It happened , but quite rarely . I decided to improve this and got myself a dream journal . Whenever I would wake up in the middle of the night , I would quickly write a few things from my latest dream into the journal , and in the morning I would try to recreate the whole dream based on the notes that I wrote . In the beginning , I could remember one dream partially . With time , I could remember one dream vividly , followed by two dreams , three dreams , etc .
As I wrote in my daily dream journal , my “ dream memory ” improved as well . Not only I could remember in color and detail a lot of the dreams that I had , becoming lucid in them was also fairly common . It happened about once a week or every two weeks .
Moreover , my dreams taught me a lot about life . When you experience dreams , you are not necessarily the same person that you are in real life . There is an infinite amount of roles that you play . And because of this , you are able to better understand the people around you . You have less prejudice towards others , and you can really step into the shoes of others . It is unfortunate so many of us never remember our dreams – there is so much we can learn from them . A dream journal is extremely powerful here .
2 . Relationship journal
Relationships are never perfect and easy . They require a lot of work from both people in order to satisfy each other 's needs . Unfortunately , after years of being in one , certain aspects fade out and are forgotten . Sometimes this will lead to the inability to handle each other and eventually break up , and sometimes will require participating in couple therapy . Either way , the result is sad .
So , one way to avoid this is to live in awareness . Get a daily journal and write things down that you do together that you both enjoy or do n't enjoy . Write down the things you have done or said that made your loved one happy or not so happy . Note down as many things as you can . As a result , you will be able to keep a healthy , romantic relationship for as long as you desire .
If you are interested , I cover more of the relationship topic in another post here .
3 . Meditation
If you have decided to properly meditate , do n't expect to do it twice a week for 3 months and have spectacular results . No , meditation is something that you should do daily for the rest of your life , ideally . And just like with any other work or hobby , you will become better at it with time .
I have meditated with both , a journal and without . And while without a journal I still get to experience all of the positive effects , with a journal I was more aware of the things happening around me during and after meditation . Did I feel something special this time ? How was it different from last time ? Should I try to go deeper into that state the next time ? – these are some of the questions that I am more aware of when I have a journal . Without a daily journal , I can experience something , and forget about it the next day . With a journal , I am able to notice it every time it happens to me and to expand that feeling or state further . This also concerns the benefits of meditation outside of meditation sessions , when I eat or ride the bus , for example .
4 . Workout
This is probably the most straight-forward example of why we should be keeping a journal .
In the gym , a very good indicator of your progress is the ability to pick heavier weights and/or do more reps . If you have only begun going to the gym , you most likely wo n't know what you are doing . A lot of walking around , checking out the machines , picking up random weights and exercising with them in a random sequence a random amount of times . Sound familiar ?
So , unless you have been working out for a year or so and know what you are doing , it makes sense to keep a journal of what you do and when . This way not only you will avoid harm to your body due to heavy weights , but you will also be able to see the progress . As an example , if your body weight , as well as the weight that you are lifting , has stopped increasing , it is time to change something in your workout routine . If you do n't keep track of your progress , it will take longer for you to notice this .
5 . Stress reduction
As I have already discussed this in one of my previous posts about how to stop worrying , one way to approach the problem is to think about it rationally . Why am I stressed out ? Can the problem be dealt with ? Am I stressed out just because I am used to being stressed out in these situations , or is there a real problem ?
One very effective way to handle this is to write down your emotions , fears and thoughts onto a piece of paper . By noting them , you are letting it out of your system , kind of like sharing it with someone else . Except not always people want to hear about our problems , which is why keeping a daily journal is crucial here . By writing them down , we become more aware and can better analyze them . I am sure you have all been in a situation where you were under so much stress that at a certain moment you could n't even remember what caused it . In such a moment a diary will be your doctor and a best friend .
6 . Work and business
Last but not least , it is good to keep a daily journal regarding work and business .
Maybe there are things happening to you at work that are especially important , and you would like to remember about them in the future . And in the case of a business , a journal can be a place to write down your plans , fears , strategies and overall progress . It is like bookkeeping , but instead of handling the money question , you are also being aware of your satisfaction towards what you do . What have I done particularly well in the last three months ? What did I do poorly ? What did I enjoy most ? What should I change ? …
Again , do n't underestimate the power of this . Your work and/or your business is what earns you the bread and butter . The best possible approach is to make the least amount of mistakes . Both , regular job and business can be highly stressful , leaving many important aspects of it hidden . If you note these things down , you will be spending more time analyzing your next steps , as opposed to making quick and sometimes irrational decisions .
Conclusion
As you can see , I 'm a big fan of writing things down . This is actually also one of the reasons why I have decided to make this blog , to keep track of my progress and to be able to share it with you .
If you want to start keeping a daily journal , but not exactly sure yet what you would want to write in it , then I highly recommend this resource – Intelligent Change . They have a few different types of journals , but I especially like their “ Five Minute Journal ” .
I truly believe in the power of keeping a journal for a variety of things , and my experience with it just proves how powerful it is . I really hope that if you have n't begun one yet , that you would start one right now . The only obstacle to keeping a journal is your laziness or procrastination . But as soon as you overcome that , and begin writing everything down , you will see some very positive results and feedback . Trust me .
So did you enjoy this post ? Always feel welcome to share your thoughts with me in the comments below . And if you want to get notified of similar posts , please sign up . 🙂
Thank you for being with us !
Click here to follow us via E-mail !
Click here to follow us on Facebook !
Click here to follow us on YouTube !
Click here to follow us on Instagram !
Click here to follow us on Twitter !
6 Real Reasons to Keep a Daily Journal – Living in Awareness 4.8 ( 95.29 % ) 17 votes ( 95.29 % ) votes
Petition for 'Leelah 's Law ' Banning Conversion Therapy Heads to White House
Gathering more than 100,000 signatures in under a month , the petition hopes to end the damaging practice faced by late trans teen Leelah Alcorn and many other LGBT people nationwide .
A White House petition to ban so-called LGBT conversion therapy received more than 100,000 signatures this week , meaning President Barack Obama 's administration must formally respond to the request .
Written in the wake of trans teen Leelah Alcorn 's highly publicized suicide late last year , the petition proposes a federal statute dubbed `` Leelah 's Law '' that would require all states to end efforts by therapists to change a person 's sexual orientation or gender identity , alternately known as `` conversion , '' `` reparative , '' or `` ex-gay '' therapy .
The practice of attempting to change someone 's sexual orientation or gender identity — often employing mental and physical tactics to create aversion to LGBT identities , including bribing , lying , disciplining , shaming , and attributing LGBT identity to repressed sexual abuse — has been denounced as ineffective and harmful by every major medical and mental health organization in the country . The American Psychological Association and other health organizations have disavowed the practice , and many LGBT rights groups consider such efforts to be torture .
So-called conversion therapists — who are often , but not always , religiously affiliated — may evoke Biblical condemnation of homosexuality or transgender identities to induce shame in patients , and in extreme cases may attempt to induce nauseau , vomiting , or paralysis while showing a subject homoerotic image , employ physical restraints , or induce pain through extreme temperatures , needles , and electric shocks , according to a 2009 report by the APA .
Currently , only California , New Jersey , and Washington , D.C. , have state laws that prohibit licensed therapists from engaging in such practices on minors , but advocates of Leelah 's Law hope to see such bans expanded on a nationwide scale .
With just days left to secure the 100,000 signatures required to trigger a response from the White House using its We The People petition forum , LGBT advocates went to work mobilizing supporters to utilize social media to add signatures . LGBT blogger David Badash 's New Civil Rights Movement was first out of the gate , urging readers to sign and share the petition on Tuesday morning , when the petition had just over 67,000 signatures . LGBT outlets around the country — including The Advocate 's sibling publication , Out — picked up the story and encouraged readers to add their names to the roster , topping 100,000 signatures on Thursday .
The petition pays tribute to Alcorn , the Ohio trans teen who left a public suicide note on her Tumblr blog that posted after her death on December 28 , 2014 . In her note , which gained international attention , Alcorn described being sent by her Christian family to a conversion therapist — an experience which contributed , in part , to her feeling hopeless and like she would never be accepted as a trans woman .
Alcorn also asked readers to `` fix society '' and make meaning of her death , which has resulted in the White House petition , international vigils and rallies , and more local work to counteract conversion therapy , address high suicide and homelessness rates among trans youth , and create understanding of LGBT people within religious communities .
Researchers from Breakthrough Listen , a project focused on the search for signs of intelligent life , recently detected a group of 15 Fast Radio Bursts ( FRBs ) emanating from a dwarf galaxy 3 billion light years from Earth , reports Leah Crane at New Scientist .
The bursts are very strong pulses of radio waves that appear in the sky for just a few milliseconds before disappearing . The pulses were only discovered in 2007 , and before the latest batch of pulses was discovered , researchers had only identified a few dozen bursts from regions across the sky . Researchers have one spotted one FRB source , named FRB 121102 , that ever repeats .
According to a press release , FRB 121102 is the source of the newly detected radio bursts . Last Saturday , the Breakthrough Listen project turned its Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia towards in the direction of FRB 121102 , which a recent study found emanates from a dim , dwarf galaxy in the constellation Auriga . Over the course of five hours , the instrument collected 400 terabytes of data while monitoring the 4 to 8 gighertz frequency . Researchers then combed through the data searching for signatures of the radio bursts . They found 15 of the pulses , including one at 7 gigahertz , which is a higher frequency than previously recorded . They alerted the astronomy world to the find on Monday night by sending out an Astronomer 's Telegram , a venue for astronomers to post real time astronomical events .
The new FRB frequency may be crucial in helping researchers narrow down the sources of the mysterious bursts and may make the signals easier to detect . “ Previously we thought there was n't much emission at high or low frequencies , but now it looks like there is , ” Harvard astrophysicist Avi Loeb tells Crane . “ It 's twice as high as the typical frequency that was previously claimed for this repeater . ”
Finding out what the bursts are has proven difficult . In February 2015 , immediately after detecting a burst named FRB 150215 astronomers trained 11 telescopes and instruments on the area , but did not detect gamma rays , neutrinos or anything left in the wake of the burst .
There are several hypotheses for what the bursts may actually be . As Hannah Osborne at Newsweek reports , the signals could be coming from a neutron star collapsing into a black hole or going supernova . FRBs could also come from a spinning neutron star with a strong magnetic field . Last March , researchers released a paper that suggested it 's possible ( but unlikely ) that the bursts are coming from alien spacecraft being powered on intergalactic journeys by planet-sized transmitters .
In the past , some astronomers have speculated whether FRBs are even real . As Yvette Cendes wrote for Discover in 2015 :
`` One particular concern was that the FRB might have originated from nearby thunderstorms , a particularly mundane explanation . Further , radio astronomy is a field with several cases of unexplained anomalous signals . For example , 1977 's “ Wow ! ” signal was a one-time radio burst lasting several minutes that bore the profile of a potential signal from extraterrestrials ( hence its designation , coming from an excited researcher 's notes ) . But no such signal was ever observed again . Without further observations , it is impossible for astronomers to classify it as anything more than a meaningless anomalous signal . ''
Seth Shostak , a senior astronomer at the California-based SETI Institute tells Alan Boyle at GeekWire that the repeating nature of FRB 121102 has made it easier to study the bursts , but may actually complicate the situation , since that particular FRB may differ from other sources . “ The new data are likely to be helpful in figuring out what 's going on here , but of course it could be that this particular object is a member of an ‘ FRB subspecies ' – and not typical of most of these weird cosmic screamers , ” he says . “ Kind of like hearing things growling in the night , eventually seeing one dog , and deducing that anything that growls is two feet high and has a wet nose . ”
Vishal Gajjar , the postdoctoral researcher who discovered the bundle of bursts says in the press release that the quality of the data obtained will give researchers an even more precise look at the radio bursts , which could help them figure out , or simply narrow down , their possible origins .
Whoever wins the leadership contest , the centre of gravity of the Labour Party has shifted to the left . Our members , our supporters and our MPs are more left-wing than 10 years or 20 years ago and two unashamed socialists are vying to be leader . This has been our movement 's response to the crisis of capitalism which began in 2007 .
But the people who we need to vote for Labour , in order to govern again , did not respond in the same way . They were not unsympathetic to Ed Miliband 's left-leaning economic agenda , which is why George Osborne and Theresa May have stolen it . But their main response to the economic crisis , revealed in the result of the EU referendum , has been to yearn for more security , control , familiarity and order .
The task for the party is to create a political project which finds a home for both these reactions to economic crisis . Labour must bring together its new “ deep-red ” instincts – for a more egalitarian and collectivist Labour politics than we have known for a generation – with the intuition of “ blue Labour ” to embrace political emotions of identity , community , and control .
Creating an ambitious politics which combines these different instincts will not be easy . It will mean creating an agenda for economic reform that people believe would truly touch their lives and Labour could deliver . It will mean re-legitimising the welfare state , by promising to nurture shared institutions which recognise contribution and serve us all , not just those with least .
But the word which really links the passions of Labour 's internal insurgents and the angry , anti-establishment Brexiters is “ power ” . In their different ways , Labour 's lost heartland voters and its new economic radicals want to “ take back control ” , of decisions about their lives and communities , from the distant and controlling forces of market and state . The task is to forge a politics of power that can appeal to each camp in equal measure .
And the place for Labour to start is with politics and democracy itself . Labour needs a practical agenda that lives up to the mantra of “ take back control ” , not just by honouring the verdict of the Brexit vote , but also by pledging to strip power from Britain 's political and economic elites . The party must promise to tackle inequalities of power , with realistic ideas that can re-set our democracy and re-earn political trust .
To set the wheels in motion , earlier this year the Fabian Society convened a group of senior figures from across the Labour Party to draw up a Charter for democratic reform . This is not a bone-dry initiative for constitutional geeks , but an urgent exercise in spreading practical power and rebuilding faith in politics .
The group has focused on making democracy easy and accessible in the digital age ; on equalising power through fair funding and openness in politics ; and on ensuring that every voice and every place matters equally , through the creation of a democratic second chamber with equal representation across the nation , as well as an end to the marginalisation of voters in the safest seats .
But it would be absurd to propose new ways of sharing power , on the basis of conversations held exclusively in SW1 . So today the Fabian take-over of LabourList is our effort to practice what we preach . All day we 'll be posting democracy-themed articles to stir up debate and generate readers ' responses below the line . Every single contribution will feed into the development of our Charter , which people across the Labour movement will be asked to support when it is complete . Or if you 'd like to go further and propose your own idea you can head over to the special Fabian Democratic Reform website and write a pitch yourself .
Andrew Harrop is General Secretary of the Fabian Society
About
Hello comrades !
Alina Digital 's essential goal for this Kickstarter campaign is to achieve our # 1 dream - adding more features to The Cold War Era game . The more stretch goals we achieve , the more features we can add .
More exciting new game features are discussed in my short video , recorded just for you in documentary movies style ( I edited it by my self , whooh , it was n't easy lol ) . In it I explain the existing game play of The Cold War Era game and new features for Arms Race sequel .
One of the things that makes my Kickstarter campaign unique is that you 'll be able to play the core game as soon as the campaign is successfully finished . There 's no need to wait until the sequel is developed - the game is developed already ! If you donate $ 20 or more to our campaign you 'll receive your TCWE game copy as soon as the campaign ends successfully , all you 'll need to wait for the Arms Race sequel only .
By making a contribution to our campaign , you are doing so much more than buying a copy ( or two copies ) of our game - you are showing your support for our team , and for that we are very grateful ! And , if we raise enough to complete our stretch goals your experience with TCWE will be even more fun and entertaining . More money we will receive above the general goal = more features we will be able to add to the sequel !
If you will be as generous as to support us with $ 20 or more you will be awarded with a special medal ! Take a look on the pictures below , each reward has its own medal . All supporters who hold a medal will be listed in the game main lobby of the game . Some medals allow you to have your picture next to your name . Do you know any other kickstarter campaign that allows your smiley face be in the game ?
There is an example below how a picture of you and the name will be visible in game lobby .
Your willingness to donate so our team can keep working makes you a truly awesome person - thank you so much for helping us make our dream of improving TCWE come true ! It means a great deal to a small company like ours to receive your support . And if you do support us , we will continue creating Grand Strategy games in the future !
For people sitting at home and watching TV news last night , Toronto was burning . The same police car on Queen St W. burned and blew up over and over again . The same image of a young man very violently smashing Starbucks windows appeared over and over again . Windows smashed all along Yonge St. None of us had ever seen Toronto like this . It was shocking .
Lucas Oleniuk , Toronto Star
Most of the 400 protesters arrested last night and others who may have avoided arrest did n't see that violence . From their perspective , they were facing a violent police state . These demonstrations , militant but overwhelming peaceful , were resisting the right of the police to hold them to Queen Street . They think the people have a right to protest in a place where political leaders can hear them . They had nothing to do with torching police cars or trashing windows .
TVO host Steve Paiken was down at the Novotel last night with peaceful protesters . He tweeted his experiences , `` Shame on those that ordered peaceful protesters attacked and arrested . that is not consistent with democracy in toronto , G20 or no G20 . ''
I was on Queen West and Spadina when the trouble started . David Fernandez has written an excellent report on what happened on his facebook page .
`` Rewind to just before the riot happened , thousands of us marched in a very briskly moving group until we hit the intersection of Spadina and Queen . Folks from the labour movement tried in vain to encourage the march to move back up towards queens park , but the mood was clear . Many thousands of protestors were interested in being closer to the summit and letting the police know that we could n't be intimidated .
But nothing official was planned . Labour walked back up the street leaving thousands to mill about in the confusion of what to do next . And in that confusion , several hundred people changed their clothes and took off together running down queen street while thousands of riot cops picked their noses . In full police view , they let a mob destroy banks and trash Yonge street .
And while riot cops had shields AND bikes and thousands of dollars in body armor to protect them from the remaining peaceful protestors , somehow they were so scared of us that they abandoned police cars . ''
The police spokesperson told Metro Morning today that they waited until later when it was safer to make arrests but that can not be true . I was there and like David I believe the cops could have arrested the Black Bloc right at the beginning of the action but they abandoned their police cars and allowed them to burn , not even calling the fire department until the media had lots of time to photograph them . They had a water cannon but they did n't even use a fire extinguisher . Why ?
A comment released to a media outlet last night from official police spokesperson tells some of the story , `` We have never tried to curtail people 's rights to lawfully protest . All you have to do is turn on the TV and see what 's happening now . Police cars are getting torched , buildings are being vandalized , people are getting beat up and the so-called 'intimidating ' police presence is essential to restoring order . That is the reality on the ground . ''
Police playing politics , justifying the expense and responding to the critiques building all week about excessive and arbitrary police powers . A politicized police force is unacceptable in a democratic society . There are serious questions that must be answered and they have not been satisfactory answered .
People were shocked last night by a city out of control but the Toronto police -- without all the huge expenditures , extra police from across the country and sophisticated new toys -- have kept the peace in riots with a lot more people and in hundreds of demonstrations much larger and often angry . I disagree with torching police cars and breaking windows and I have been debating these tactics for decades with people who think they accomplish something . But the bigger question here is why the police let it happen and make no mistake the police did let it happen . Why did the police let the city get out of control ? And they did let it get out of control . The police knew exactly what would happen and how .
Christopher Watt was there when the first police car was torched ,
`` The officers clustered and formed a line . A second picket of officers lined up behind them , facing the crowd where I stood . They started to move , but they were n't clearing the street ; they were clearing out and abandoning two police cars , including the one with the shattered windshield ...
In moments like this , someone needs to make a decision . This time it was a man in dreadlocks and no shirt , red paint all over his torso . He moved towards the police car , grabbing the squawking police radio ...
Following the lead of the dreadlocked man , someone else pulled what looked like a leather folder from inside the car and spread its contents over the trunk . A kid wearing sunglasses , his face covered by a scarf , inspected the paperwork . Soon after , the squad cars would be on fire . ( The gas cap appeared to have been removed from one of them even before the crowd moved in . ) ''
It was a perfect storm . A massive police presence who were primed for `` dangerous anarchists '' after a week of peaceful protests . No more than one hundred , probably fewer , young men who think violent confrontations with the police will create a radicalization and expose the violence of the state . A new generation of young people who are becoming activists believing they live in a democratic society and are shocked by the degree of police violence arrayed to stop them .
But it is the police that let the handful of people using Black Bloc tactics run wild and then used the burning police cars and violent images as a media campaign to convince the people of Toronto that the cost and the excessive police presence was necessary . They knew what would happen and they knew how it would happen . It is the police that bear the responsibility for what happened last night . They were responsible for keeping the peace and they failed to do it .
I had this one circled on the calendar for awhile once the 2017 schedule was announced last year and it was official that the Buccos would open the season at Fenway Park .
I thought about writing the experience and what I did step by step and witnessed , but I 've already done a Fenway Park review and figured it might be better to just go through all the pictures I was able to capture on that beautiful day .
The Red Sox beat the Pirates 5-3 , but it was still an awesome time . Click here for my quick series recap .
The back of the scoreboard , outside the park on Lansdowne Street .
A view of the scene pregame on Lansdowne Street taken outside the House of Blues .
Yawkey Way pregame . You have to scan your ticket to enter this part of the street on game days .
The legendary ‘ Boston Strong ' 617 jersey that hung in the dugout after the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 .
The view when you first walk up the tunnel and into the stands .
View of the outfield on top of the Green Monster stairs . ( Need a ticket to go beyond here )
The Fisk Pole
How they built concourses in 1912 , under the third base stands .
Same concourse , just looking the other way .
Panorama of the players lined up for the National Anthem with the American flag covering the Green Monster .
Mid-game view from the seats .
Red Sox won . Cue Dirty Water and Tessie .
The press box from below .
Leaving the game , outside the entrance on the corner of Yawkey Way and Van Ness Street .
The Florida Gators begin the 2016 season much like they began their last campaign , with question marks at the quarterback position . Jim McElwain 's team entered last year with Will Grier and Treon Harris splitting time at the position , until Grier solidified his hold on the starting spot with a thrilling comeback performance in Florida 's 28-27 victory against Tennessee , as well as a huge victory over then-No . 3 Mississippi . But he was then suspended for the season after a positive PED test , forcing McElwain to turn again to Harris . After a loss to LSU , the sophomore guided the Gators to a four-game winning streak and the SEC East title . But both quarterbacks have left campus , with Grier transferring to West Virginia , and Harris leaving the school amidst an ongoing sexual assault investigation and a potential move to wide receiver .
The departures create an open competition for the starting QB spot in camp , with Oregon State transfer Luke Del Rio ( whom McElwain tried to recruit to Colorado State ) having the inside track to the job , trailed by true freshmen Feleipe Franks and Kyle Trask . But regardless of who takes the snaps , the Florida QB should be able to execute in McElwain 's system , which features some creative ways of attacking the middle of the field as well as some nice variations of basic staples of today 's passing game .
Attacking the Middle
One of the ways that Florida attacka the middle of the field is by using the drive concept , a passing design that has two receivers coming over the middle of the field at different depths . This is a route combination that can be seen on the dusty fields of Texas on Friday nights to the bright lights of the NFL on Monday Night Football . On this first play against Tennessee , the Gators face a 2nd and 15 on their own 30-yard line late in the first quarter . Grier ( # 7 ) is in the shotgun with 11 personnel on the field , using a trey formation to the left with a single receiver to the right . The Volunteers ' 4-2-5 defense shows Cover 1 , with the Mike linebacker walked outside toward tight end Jake McGee ( # 83 ) , the inside receiver in the three-receiver formation :
Florida runs the drive concept from the three-receiver side of the field :
McGee runs the deeper dig route , while Brandon Powell ( # 4 ) running the shallow crossing route . Because Powell starts from the middle of the trey formation , he is initially matched up against a defensive back . But that defender picks up McGee as the TE works vertically , allowing Powell to work against linebacker Darrin Kirkland ( # 34 ) :
Powered by Krossover .
The design works perfectly , as it gets Powell isolated on a slower , bigger defender in Kirkland . The receiver works inside of the linebacker , makes the reception , and then is able to accelerate away from the defender to pick up 13 yards on the play . Both the formation and the design allow the offense to create an advantageous matchup – and exploit it .
Against LSU , Harris was able to make a big play in the passing game on this slight variation of the drive concept , which almost looks like a smaller Mills concept . Facing a 1st and 25 on their own 38-yard line , Florida empties the backfield and puts Harris in the shotgun , with three receivers to the right and two receivers to the left . The Tigers respond with their 4-2-5 nickel showing Cover 1 in the secondary :
The Gators again run this concept from the three receiver side of the field . As on the previous play , Powell lines up as the middle receiver and again runs the shallow crossing route . The inside receiver is WR Demarcus Robinson ( # 11 ) and he releases vertically , but runs a post route instead of a deeper dig route :
The offense catches LSU running Solo coverage here , a variation of Cover 4 . Before the snap you can see the defender over Powell motioning for the free safety to come over and help , as he is responsible for the No . 3 receiver should he run a vertical route – which he does :
Powered by Krossover .
You can see here the linebackers both break on Powell as he comes underneath . But the deep post route from Robinson takes advantage of the mistake in coverage , giving Harris an open receiver and the Gators a big play in the passing game .
Mesh Concept from Bunch
Another staple of Air Raid systems is the mesh concept , currently being run by a variety of teams including Mike Leach 's Washington State Cougars . McElwain has brought this design to Florida , and the Gators use the mesh concept and often run it from a bunch of formation . Here are two examples of how they execute this design . The first play comes from Florida 's victory against the Kentucky Wildcats . The Gators line up using 11 personnel for this 1st and 10 play early in the fourth quarter , with Grier in the shotgun and a bunch of formation to the left . The Wildcats have their nickel defense in the game showing Cover 1 in the secondary :
The Gators run a well-crafted mesh concept here , incorporating a wheel route out of the backfield from the running back . By running this out of the bunch formation , the route concept almost looks like a spot concept at the start , and as we will see , that is a scheme the Gators employ as well :
Grier first checks running back Kelvin Taylor ( # 21 ) on the wheel route , as that is his first read on the play . But with the weakside linebacker sitting underneath , Grier pulls the football down and then looks to the mesh :
Powered by Krossover .
Hindsight being 20 / 20 , perhaps the quarterback would have been better suited by showing a little more patience , as both Taylor and McGee ( on the post route ) break open after the throw . But given the situation ( fourth quarter , first down and a five-point lead ) you can understand the conservative decision here . But the play serves as a nice example of the mesh concept being run out of a bunch of formation .
Here 's one more example of this concept in action , from Florida 's thrilling comeback victory against Tennessee . Facing a 3rd and 3 early in the fourth quarter , the Gators line up with Grier in the shotgun and bunch to the left . The Volunteers ' nickel defense shows Cover 1 , with cornerbacks in press coverage both on the weakside , and over McGee in the bunch formation :
Florida again runs the mesh concept out of this formation , this time with McGee and Robinson crossing underneath as a WR executes the deep post route . Taylor runs the wheel route :
Tennessee stays with Cover 1 , and as the route comes together , some of the switches in the secondary are effective , while others are not :
Powered by Krossover .
The route by the TE creates some traffic over the middle , and prevents linebacker Jalen Reeves-Maybin ( # 21 ) from staying on Robinson as the WR cuts across the field . Grier hits his WR and the Gators convert the third down , keeping their drive alive .
Spot Variants
As illustrated in the previous section , the way that the Gators run the mesh concept out of a bunch of formation has the added benefit in that looks a lot like the spot concept shortly after the snap . A triangle design that is run at all levels of football , the spot concept is a route scheme that is often run out of bunch formation . But the Gators utilize a few variations of the spot design itself , creating some options in the passing game .
On this first example , the Gators face a 1st and 10 on their own 23-yard line and use 11 personnel lined up with Grier in the shotgun and three receivers to the right side of the formation . Tennessee 's nickel defense shows Cover 2 , with the weakside cornerback lined up down near the line of scrimmage over the tight end :
Here is the route concept that Florida runs on the play :
As you can see , the play starts out looking very similar to the spot concept . The outside receiver releases vertically , and the middle receiver cuts to the inside , and you might expect him to run a snag route . But after a few steps to the inside he breaks vertically and then comes over the middle . The third receiver starts his route to the flat , again what you would expect in the spot concept , but then he quickly breaks vertically on a quick out-and-up route .
The Vols are in a Cover 2 look , and Grier is able to find the receiver over the middle between the safeties . But the out-and-up route is open as well , with the receiver working against a linebacker :
Powered by Krossover .
Here is another variation off the spot concept which can be very effective working against underneath coverage . Trailing by 13 and needing a spark in the third quarter , the Gators line up for a 4th and 6 play on the Tennessee 25-yard line . Grier is in the shotgun and the offense has 11 personnel on the field , lined up in the bunch formation to the right . Tennessee has its 4-2-5 nickel defense in the game and shows Cover 4 before the play :
Florida runs a route that looks almost identical to the spot concept , but with one major twist :
McGee , the tight end , releases vertically and runs the corner route . Antonio Callaway ( # 81 ) starts from the outside of the bunch and comes across the middle on the snag route . The third receiver in the bunch , Powell , starts from the inside and runs his route to the flat . But he will break back to the inside after reaching the flat on an under route :
Powered by Krossover .
The route is run to perfection . Powell is able to get defensive back Malik Foreman ( # 13 ) to overcommit to the out route , and then break back inside . Foreman tries to recover , but Powell has the advantage and Grier hits him in stride for a huge gain . This design is beautiful to run with a quick receiver who can change direction on a dime , and spin his defender into the turn as Powell does on this play .
Y-Option
The final route concept to illustrate is Florida 's Y-Option , which is another design that many teams are running from pro to college and even in high school . This scheme is beneficial in that it gives the quarterback and the offense a few different options depending on the coverage , and the QB knows he should at least have the TE open regardless of what the secondary runs . This is not just a hopeful thought , it is a coaching point of McElwain 's . As he stated during his presentation at the 2016 Nike Coaches ' Clinic : “ What I am going to tell the tight end is an interesting concept . I am going to tell him to ‘ get open . ' He can not be covered . ”
Here is this play in action . Against Kentucky the Gators face a 1st and 15 inside the red zone . Using 11 personnel the offense empties the backfield , sending the running back in motion to the left to create a trips formation , and using an inverted slot formation on the right side . The Wildcats show blitz , dropping a defensive back down onto the line of scrimmage outside the right tackle :
Here is the Y-Option design :
McGee runs the option route , which means once he reaches a depth of 8 yards he finds a way to get open . “ He can hook in , hook out , or run outside . If it is man coverage or a zone with no outside defender , the tight end can break outside , ” said McElwain at the clinic . “ He wants to run away from man coverage or run into green grass versus zone coverage . ”
Here , the defense settles into a Cover 3 look , with two linebackers underneath . Both LBs gain a bit of depth in their drops , so McGee simply hooks in , finding some green grass underneath and between the linebackers :
Powered by Krossover .
As this still from the moment of the pass indicates , settling into this little area of space is the best option available to McGee , and he takes it .
On this play against LSU , McGee reads man coverage from the linebacker , and breaks to the outside :
Powered by Krossover .
The Tigers ' defense does a very solid job on this play , as the linebacker passes the TE off to the cornerback , who explodes toward McGee from the outside to put a big hit on the tight end . But he can not prevent the completion , and the Gators pick up a hard-earned 5 yards .
How well the Gators do in 2016 will be determined in large part by how well their offense performs . They return six starters on defense , including defensive tackle Caleb Brantley , cornerback Jalen Tabor and linebacker Jarrad Davis , all of whom are All-America candidates . But on offense , they need to find out who will be pulling the trigger for McElwain 's offense , but the concepts outlined in this piece provide a road map for whoever the quarterback is to find success in the passing game .
Want more Inside the Pylon ? Subscribe to our podcasts , follow us on Twitter , like us on Facebook or catch us at our YouTube channel .
All film courtesy of DraftBreakdown .
Videos powered by Krossover .
About the author
Mark Schofield Mark is a reformed lawyer who is excited to work on something more important than two insurance companies fighting over money : Football . He graduated from Wesleyan University where he was a four-year letter winner as a quarterback and situational wide receiver . He lives in Maryland with his wife and two children .
BOSTON -- Tampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon spends most of his time giving signs .
On Thursday night , he went searching for one .
`` You 're always looking for signs , man . You 're looking for signs from the baseball heaven and the baseball gods , '' he said after the Rays followed a fluke play with a three-run homer and beat the Boston Red Sox 9-2 to cut their deficit in the AL wild-card race to three games . `` They 've got to throw you signs once in a while . They 've got to give you something to further the belief . ''
Evan Longoria hit a three-run homer and B.J . Upton and Casey Kotchman each hit two-run shots for Tampa Bay , which had trailed the Red Sox by nine games in the wild-card race on Sept. 3 . But it was Upton 's broken-bat RBI single that broke a scoreless tie and convinced the Rays that luck could be on their side .
With two on and two out in the third , Upton hit what would ordinarily be an inning-ending grounder toward shortstop Marco Scutaro . But the barrel of his bat arrived at the same time as the ball , and when Scutaro jumped to avoid the pointy shard he allowed the ball to go through his legs .
`` Believe me , when I saw that I thought , 'Hey , let 's see what 's going to happen for the rest of the game , ' '' Maddon said . `` And then the home run followed it right up . ''
The Red Sox dropped to 3-11 in September to fall from first place in the division to 4½ games behind the New York Yankees and into a race with the once-dismissed Rays for the wild-card . Boston and Tampa Bay play three more times at Fenway Park this weekend .
`` I think enough things have n't gone our way , so I 'll take it , '' Upton said . `` We got one , and then Longo came behind me and we got a couple more . ''
Jeremy Hellickson ( 13-10 ) allowed one run on three hits and four walks , striking out four in 5 2/3 innings . Kyle Weiland ( 0-2 ) pitched three-plus innings , giving up four runs on three hits and two walks .
Weiland retired the first seven batters he faced before John Jaso doubled and , one out later , Desmond Jennings walked . Weiland could have been out of the inning if Upton 's bat had n't splintered .
`` I kind of knew he broke his bat . But on the other hand I was just watching the ball and I figured probably the bat 's going to stop somewhere in front of me , '' Scutaro said . `` The bat just keep following the ball . At the last moment I just jumped . Nothing I can do . ''
Longoria followed with his 27th homer of the season , into the Red Sox bullpen to give Tampa Bay a 4-0 lead . It was 6-1 when Upton hit the first pitch he saw from Matt Albers , the fifth of seven Boston pitchers , over the Green Monster .
Although the paid attendance of 38,071 was officially the team 's 705th consecutive sellout , much of the game was played under a steady drizzle and it finished with only a few thousand fans in their seats .
Game notes
The Boston fans gave a cheer when former Red Sox star Johnny Damon was hit by a pitch in the sixth . ... Boston ace Josh Beckett ( 12-5 ) , sidelined by a sprained right ankle , is scheduled to start Friday night against James Shields ( 15-6 ) , who reached a career high in wins with a victory over Boston last weekend in Tampa Bay . ... Shields is 1-8 lifetime at Fenway Park . ... Shields leads the majors with 11 complete games -- the most in a season since Randy Johnson had 12 for Arizona in 1999 . ... Rays manager Joe Maddon said RHP Kyle Farnsworth remained day to day with a right elbow injury . ... Former Patriots quarterback Drew Bledsoe was at the game . ... Jose Iglesias got his first major league hit when he singled while pinch-hitting in the bottom of the ninth .
By Unicorn Riot
Oval Office / Washington , D.C. – On January 24th , 2017 , President Donald Trump signed two memoranda in hopes of pushing forward the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline & the Keystone XL Pipeline . Following the announcement , protests took place across the United States . Thousands took the streets from New York City to Los Angeles , as news of the memos pushing forward two pipeline projects spread and alerted a massive organized resistance .
The quick response came as fears that the Trump 's administration would push forward pipeline projects by some means , most assumed executive orders , he went with Presidential Memoranda .
to everyone who marched last weekend – we need you to show up for # NoDAPL https : //t.co/H69nBreKDl — Katy Stoll ( @ katystoll ) January 24 , 2017
The memoranda are still executive directives , but hold less weight than an Executive Order ( EO ) , and usually used to provide directives to federal institutions . In this case , Trump 's memo to the Secretary of the Army advised them to expedite the process of approving the pipeline .
Sec . 2 . Directives . ( a ) Pipeline Approval Review . The Secretary of the Army shall instruct the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ( USACE ) , including the Commanding General and Chief of Engineers , to take all actions necessary and appropriate to : ( i ) review and approve in an expedited manner , to the extent permitted by law and as warranted , and with such conditions as are necessary or appropriate , requests for approvals to construct and operate the DAPL ,
The full language of the memorandum pushes forward the Dakota Access Pipeline ( DAPL ) project , but does not eliminate the intent of Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) by the Army Corp , and does not grant the final easement necessary for the pipeline to cross the Missouri River .
The memo asks the head of the Army to tell the Army Corps that they should look to see if it is legal for them to cancel their intent to do an EIS .
and whether to withdraw the Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement in Connection with Dakota Access , LLC 's Request for an Easement to Cross Lake Oahe , North Dakota , dated January 18 , 2017 , and published at 82 Fed . Reg . 5543 ;
But according to the language in the memo , they are still required to follow the laws before taking actions to move forward on the Dakota Access Pipeline .
The DAPL memo was signed alongside a memo that addressed the Keystone XL Pipeline ( KXL ) .
The Keystone XL memo asks TransCanada to reapply for a permit to build the Keystone XL Pipeline with a promise of presidential approval , and demands that the federal institutions involved expedite the permitting process , even promising TransCanada a turn around of 60 days once the application is resubmitted .
Sec . 3 . Directives . ( a ) Department of State . The Secretary of State shall , if the application referred to in section 2 is submitted , receive the application and take all actions necessary and appropriate to facilitate its expeditious review . With respect to that review , I hereby direct as follows : ( i ) The Secretary of State shall reach a final permitting determination , including a final decision as to any conditions on issuance of the permit that are necessary or appropriate to serve the national interest , within 60 days of TransCanada 's submission of the permit application .
While the memos most certainly push forward the approvals necessary to complete DAPL and finish the northern leg of the KXL Pipeline , in no way do they grant the approvals needed . The memos push the federal agencies to approve the projects .
The public and institutional response to the memos were quick and seen and heard across the United States . The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted :
Trump 's decision to give the go-ahead for the Dakota Access Pipeline is a slap in the face to Native Americans . # NoDAPL # NoKXL — ACLU National ( @ ACLU ) January 24 , 2017
As the information spread across the Internet in a chorus of emotional outpouring , people took the streets just hours after the executive directives on the pipelines were made .
A few examples where protests occurred are below .
New York :
Los Angeles :
Sacramento , where they marched on Army Corps offices :
Washington D.C. :
While these protests took place , Morton County Sheriff 's department also responded with a tweet from their official Twitter feed :
In the press release , Morton County Sheriff 's Department stated their goal to continue to monitor the camps and uphold the rule of law :
To introduce the rule of law within the camp , we will be asking the Trump administration for much-needed law enforcement support and public safety resources . ”
The last time Morton County claimed to “ introduce the rule of law ” to a camp was October 27th , 2016 , when they cleared the Oceti Sakowin Treaty Camp .
While the memos do n't rubber stamp the pipelines ' construction , they do push their approvals further along . The memos galvanized in activists a quick response to the threat to water from these projects ; within hours , water protectors in multiple cities took the streets to show their disapproval of the White House . It showed the Trump Administration has stirred up organized resistance against expanding fossil fuel extraction projects .
It should also be noted that the Morton County Sheriff 's Department asked for support and resources . Early in the month , on January 18th , two days before Trump 's inauguration , the scene at the # NoDAPL camps was hazed by tear gas and punctuated by rubber bullets .
Morton County Sheriff 's Department is now asking for more gear and support for an already highly militarized police force that has repeatedly escalated their use of force ; resistance against the fossil fuel industry in the United States continues to intensify in the face of the new administration seeking to expedite DAPL and greenlight other extraction-related projects .
The day after President Trump signed the memos began with a giant banner drop over the White House . The banner read , “ Resist ” .
So moved to be here in DC to witness this bold act of resistance in the face of Trump 's regime . # resist # greenpeace # resistoften pic.twitter.com/sESaubYVUQ — Isabelle Geczy ( @ isabellegeczy ) January 25 , 2017
To help our volunteer-operated , horizontally-organized , non-profit media collective please consider a tax-deductible donation :
Nearly seven in 10 Americans believe Donald Trump and his family can keep his business empire while serving as president of the United States , according to a new poll published Wednesday .
The Bloomberg Politics survey found that 69 percent of people think it 's too extreme to force Mr. Trump and his family to sell their business enterprise to avoid conflicts of interest . A little over a quarter of Americans ( 26 percent ) say Mr. Trump should sell his businesses , while five percent of Americans remain unsure .
About two-thirds of people think Mr. Tump needs to choose between being president and being a successful businessman .
The survey results come just as the president-elect announced , without offering up proof , that he sold all his stocks in June -- a declaration prompted by continued scrutiny over his potential conflicts of interest once he moves into the White House . Mr. Trump has previously said that he would have his children take over the business to avoid conflicts of interest , but his children have already played prominent roles during his presidential transition .
The Bloomberg poll also showed a post-election bump in Mr. Trump 's favorability numbers , which tends to happen among victorious candidates . Fifty percent of Americans view Mr. Trump favorably , compared to the 33 percent that saw in a positive light back in August . The president-elect 's ratings , however , lag behind President Obama 's numbers just after his first election : According to a Gallup poll released in January of 2009 , Mr. Obama had a 78 percent favorability rating .
After the way Mr. Trump has conducted himself in the weeks following the election , 55 percent of those surveyed rate themselves as more optimistic about the incoming administration , the poll shows . Thirty-five percent are more pessimistic . A majority of Americans -- 79 percent -- believe President-elect Trump should tone down the heated rhetoric of his campaign days .
When it comes to Mr. Trump 's Cabinet picks , 51 percent approve of his nominations so far : Ninety-one percent of Trump voters are in favor of them , while 76 percent of Clinton voters disapprove .
A slight majority -- 54 percent -- believe the president should be picked by the popular vote : Eighty percent of Democrats and those who lean Democratic say that , while 68 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning respondents think the Electoral College should continue deciding the presidency . Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump 's Democratic challenger , is currently winning the popular vote in the U.S. by over 2.5 million ballots .
The poll of 999 American adults has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points , higher among subgroups . It was conducted Dec. 2-5 by Iowa-based Selzer & Co .
As gun enthusiasts , people who sell guns , and the President of the United States all travel to Atlanta for this year 's annual National Rifle Association convention , the organization that quite literally rewrote the Second Amendment , is promoting a new initiative : NRA Carry Guard , a three-tiered service package that provides training , legal advice , insurance for criminal defense costs , and “ immediate access ” to payments for incidentals such as bail , compensation while in court , “ psychological support , ” and , gruesomely , “ clean-up costs . ”
It also offers a 24–7 hotline for “ emergency assistance. ” The wallet-sized card shown on Carry Guard 's website lists three easy steps for a person who is “ forced to act in lawful self-defense : ” 1 ) Call 911 . 2 ) Wait for the police . 3 ) Call NRA Carry Guard .
Advertisement
For decades , the gun lobby has facilitated concealed carry and “ stand your ground ” legislation in large part by focusing on the racialized threat of lurking criminals or rapists . Today , as the number of states with stand your ground laws grows and the president himself is set to deliver a keynote address , that anxiety is being funneled into the fear of going to court—or being jailed—for killing someone when you shoot them . ( Over the last five years , however , studies have shown that the best indicators of whether your self-defense argument will keep you out of prison are generally your gender and the color of your skin . )
In an op-ed in one of the NRA 's publications on Thursday , right-wing TV host and NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch describes watching her children play in her yard in graffiti-riddled , “ decaying ” St. Louis , arms crossed with a 9 mm on her hip .
In subsequent paragraphs , she explains how gun owners are marginalized in America , citing the most “ lawsuit-happy culture in the history of the world ” and “ the extra threat of widespread bias and misunderstanding ” facing gun owners today .
Advertisement
Insurance packages such as this one are n't new—in fact , as The Trace reports , it 's likely the NRA ripped the idea off from anther Second Amendment organization , the United States Conceal Carry Association . A few months ago , according to the president of the USCCA , reps from the NRA met to discuss collaborating on an insurance plan . Less than two weeks before the convention , the USCCA was disinvited from Atlanta by the NRA , an unsurprising show of force from such a politically ruthless organization .
Despite the massive PR push , it remains unclear how popular Carry Guard will be , or how often that all-important emergency hotline will ring . But based on an incident last year in Florida , the original stand-your-ground state , we do know how it could be successfully used . Last year , a man paying less than $ 30 a month for the USCAA 's services fatally shot his unarmed neighbor , Carlos Garcia , in a dispute over the volume of Garcia 's music .
Advertisement
According to an investigation by the Tampa Bay Times , Nick Julian IV called 911 after killing Garcia and repeated several times : “ He attacked me and I had to use force. ” and “ I was afraid for my life ” —a slight alteration from what was written on the back of the USCAA 's extremely helpful instructional card : “ I was attacked , and was forced to defend myself . Please send the police and an ambulance. ” He then hung up and called the number listed on the back of the card , well before the ambulance arrived and Garcia was proclaimed dead .
Julian 's father , the only witness , also spoke to the USCAA 's lawyer : Both men claimed Garcia had charged in Julian 's direction , forcing him to shoot . All charges against Julian were dropped .
In The Trace story , a smaller insurance provider—which covers all , rather than part , of its subscribers ' legal fees , and thus vets cases more aggressively— describes reading the police reports of his customers ' incidents : “ We once had a guy who basically snuck up and shot his spouse at a traffic light . So we did not provide coverage there . But that 's a rare occurrence. ” One would hope .
Lamborghini has been an iconoclast in the world of supercars since the foundation of Automobili Lamborghini in 1963 . Founder Ferruccio Lamborghini had already built a successful manufacturing empire by then , and that business experience and acumen would prove invaluable . The versatility of his first creations , that included both a V12 engine that would remain competitive for half-a-century , and a car—but three years after the company was formed—that became the template for supercar design to this day , charted an assured course for his fledgling brand that went on to define the passion of performance for generations of enthusiasts .
A Lamborghini is immediately recognizable ; combining the ethos of the raging bull with aggressive styling and ear-shattering sound , there is always a unique expectation around the cars built in Sant'Agata Bolognese . An expectation that has been fully met by the seven Project CARS 2-bound Lamborghinis .
The Seven Raging Bulls in Project CARS 2
The seven Lamborghinis coming to Project CARS 2 on September 22nd are precisely what fans expect from the world 's most authentic racing franchise—the fastest and most exotic examples from the House of the Raging Bull 's considerable pedigree .
That pedigree begins with 1999 's Lamborghini Diablo GTR , built around the now fabled Diablo GT .
The Diablo GTR was extensively lightened from the GT , with everything but the roof coming in carbon-fibre , and it came with only one seat—a racing seat surrounded by an integrated roll cage . Aero ' was also drastically improved with a rear-spoiler directly fixed onto the chassis .
Powering the Diablo GTR is the mythical Lamborghini 6-litre V12 pushing out 590hp . Only 32 Diablo GTRs were built , each with lowered and stiffened suspension , rear-wheel drive , and a 5-speed manual transmission . They were raced in the Lamborghini-only Super Trofeo series , but also had some success Down Under where it won the 2003 , and 2004 Australian Nations Cup Championship .
A V12 mated to a 5-speed manual 'box pushing 590hp and weighing 1,395KGs along with and scissor doors—does it get any more primal than that ?
The 2010 Lamborghini Sesto Elemento— ‘ Sixth Element ' ( AKA , the atomic number for carbon ) —may be even wilder . The Sesto Elemento pushes out 570hp from a sublime-sounding V10 mated to a 6-speed semi-automatic transmission . Given the name , it 's no surprise that the chassis , body , and even suspension components are made of carbon , and that , coupled with two seats bolted onto the chassis , brings the weight down to a bewildering 999KGs . That means 0-100kmh in 2.5 seconds , and a top speed in excess of 300kmh . This is the best overall power-to-weight ratio of any Lamborghini in history .
Twenty Sesto Elemento Lamborghinis were built , all sold for racing and track-days .
The low production numbered Lamborghinis in Project CARS 2 gets even more limited with the Lamborghini Veneno . Only four were ever produced ( one went directly to the Lamborghini museum , and three went on sale ) . Unsurprisingly , they were then the most expensive production cars in history at the time ( Eur 3,000,000 ) .
Unveiled for the 50th anniversary of the founding of Lamborghini , the Veneno was a revelation when it was introduced at the Geneva Auto Show in 2013 .
The Veneno ( poison , in Spanish ) is built on the Aventador SV chassis . The engine is an enormous 6.5-litre V12 pushing out 750hp . For that kind of power and performance ( 335kmh—electronically limited—and 0-100kmh in 2.8 seconds ) , you get a special 7-speed ISR 'box and four-wheel drive .
The Lamborghini Huracán Coupé , meanwhile , the successor to Lamborghini 's “ entry ” supercar , the Gallardo , comes with the bulletproof Lamborghini 5.2-litre V10 kicking out 610hp with both direct and multi-point fuel-injection . With a weight of 1,422KGs , and on your way to 325kmh , you 'll get to 100 in 3.2 seconds , and 200kmh in 9.9 seconds .
For many Lamborghini enthusiasts , the Bizzarrini-Lamborghini V12 that began life in Lamborghini 's first-ever car , the 1964 Lamborghini 350 GT , was the last word in greatest-ever production power units . So when Lamborghini decided to introduce their new V12 for the Aventador Coupé in 2013 , ending the lifecycle of the V12 after half-a-century of blood-curdling thunder and performance , the auto-world sat up and took note .
Enthusiasts had nothing to worry about—the Aventador 's power and handling are extraordinary , the car 's shape the epitome of Lamborghini 's aggressive style-guide . The monocoque is carbon-fibre , the engine a mid-mount 6.5-liter V-12 generating 700hp at 8,250rpm , the suspension an F1-inspired front and rear horizontal mono-tube damper with push-rod system , and the result , a car that will inspire some hardcore emotion around the scanned Nordschleife in Project CARS 2 .
Racing A Raging Bull
While Lamborghini has wet its feet in motorsports this century with its own Super Trofeo series of championships , the company has remained largely true to the legacy of Ferruccio Lamborghini , for whom the race on Sunday and sell on Monday school of thought never held much sway .
​
Pure-bred racing Lamborghinis are rare . The Lamborghini Miura , one of the most recognizable and important cars in automotive history , was a project created in secret by the youthful Gian Paolo Dallara , who was given his start at Lamborghini in the early '60s ( on his way to becoming one of the world 's most elite chassis manufacturer ) . Codenamed the P400 , Dallara 's idea had been to create an innovative sportscar that would have the potential to become Lamborghini 's first race car .
Ferruccio , on seeing the prototype for the first time , gave Dallara his go-ahead with one proviso—that the new car not be raced .
So when , in 2014 , Lamborghini released the Huracán LP 620-2 Super Trofeo , the motorsport world went into a bit of a frenzy . For Lamborghini enthusiasts , this was an event 50 years in the making .
The Huracán LP 620-2 Super Trofeo 's design was overseen by Mr. Dallara himself , and comes with a 6-speed sequential mated to the 5.2-litre V10 pushing out a sublime-sounding 620hp . Dry weight for the Huracán LP 620-2 Super Trofeo is 1,279KGs , and that means 100kmh arrives in 3.2 seconds on the way to 320kmh . The car 's enormous and adjustable rear-wing , meanwhile , is both functional and epic .
The car shines in the Lamborghini Blancpain Super Trofeo Series that travels to three continents—Europe , Asia and North America—delivering the thrills of this race-built Lamborghini to a captured worldwide audience and fan-base .
​
The Huracán LP 620-2 Super Trofeo also opened the door to Lamborghini joining the lucrative GT3 market in 2015 with the Lamborghini Huracán GT3 . Project CARS 2 gets the 2016 version of this seriously capable GT3 winner , built in a close relationship with Barwell Motorsport , one of the UK 's most successful professional racing teams that have competed at the forefront of different motorsport categories for five decades .
For 2017 , Barwell Motorsport is running a Huracán GT3 in the British GT Championship as well as in the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup . Driver Jon Minshaw currently leads the British GT Championship with four wins on the season including a fine drive to the checkers at Spa . Project CARS 2 will also come with liveries that run on all the Barwell Motorsport 's Huracán GT3s in both series .
The Lamborghini Huracán GT3 's success is built around an aluminium-carbon chassis that brings the car down to 1,230KGs with an optimum 42/58 front/rear weight distribution . Lamborghini again turned to Dallara for the aero ' work , and naturally Gian Paolo Dallara himself oversaw this project given his intimate ties to Lamborghini .
​
To meet GT3 regs , the car is rear-wheel drive with Bosch Motorsport traction control . The 6-speed sequential 'box is mated to the same 90° 5.2-litre V10 engine in the Huracán LP 620-2 Super Trofeo , but tuned down to 580hp for GT3 regs .
The performance of the Lamborghini Huracán GT3 has made it a staple of GT3 grids around the world—just in August alone , it will perform in a dozen GT3 series on four continents . And come September 22nd , it will bring its proven race-winning performance to Project CARS 2 .
With seven of the most spectacular Lamborghinis of the last 20 years included with Project CARS 2 when it is released worldwide on September 22 , 2017 on the PlayStation 4 computer entertainment system , XBOX One , and PC via STEAM® , the only question that remains is—which Raging Bull will you drive first ?
The Lamborghini Diablo GTR ( 1999 ) , Lamborghini Sesto Elemento ( 2010 ) , Lamborghini Veneno ( 2013 ) , Lamborghini Aventador Coupé ( 2011 ) , Lamborghini Huracán GT3 ( 2016 ) , Lamborghini Huracán Coupé ( 2014 ) , Lamborghini Huracán LP620-2 Super Trofeo ( 2014 ) , will come with Project CARS 2 on September 22 , 2017 for the PlayStation 4 system , Xbox One , and PC .
The sign by my seat said , “ Fasten seatbelt whilst seated , ” so clearly it was a British airline . My daughter and wife were alongside me and we were off to Europe for a break from the news . Our mad king had essentially been indicted in sworn testimony and he claimed vindication and offered to testify under oath , forgetting the one he 'd taken in January . Crazy times : it 's good to go away .
In London , the Brits were voting themselves into a deadlock , and the backrooms were busy with desperate dealmaking , according to the papers , but none of it affected us . We were quite happy whilst we strolled about .
In our hotel , I took a shower and saw that on the shower knob , in between Hot and Cold was the word “ Tepid , ” and that was enough to make me consider emigration . The engineer who designed that knob loved the language . It is the richest language in widespread use today and “ tepid ” is a useful and lovely word . An American engineer would regard this as pointless — logic tells you that in between Hot and Cold is something in-between , lukewarm or moderate or room temperature , lackadaisical , half-hearted nondescript , whatever — and the use of “ tepid ” would be effete and elitist and unmanly and cause other engineers to avoid you in the cafeteria . Best to just use H and C. Or a red dot and a blue dot . A country where engineers are fond of language is a country I could be happy in , never mind politics .
We took a fast train to Brussels — 180 mph — and another to Rotterdam , and walked along a canal , five-story brick tenements with bay windows and belfries , arched passageways leading to walled gardens behind , and on one corner a little cafe where we sat down at a table in a patch of sunlight .
The server who approached said , “ Hey , ” and handed us menus . Holland is a small country with a long history of trade and shipping , so it is multilingual , and she was prepared , I 'm sure , for us to speak Dutch , German , French , English , or a combination . We being Americans chose English , and ordered croissants and coffee , speaking quietly lest people around us hear our accents and ask us about the current administration .
The people around us , however , were deep into their own conversations . Even a table of four teenagers was engrossed in talk , none of them fingering an iPhone , texting , posting , checking voicemail , but looking each other in the face and speaking as young people in America used to do , except these were speaking Dutch .
The next morning we boarded a ship bound for Oslo and stood at the aft rail , inhaling salt air , watching the gulls swooping down low looking for fish vacuumed up in the ship 's wake , and I thought about the great armada of June 1944 that crossed over to Normandy in the predawn hours .
My old phys-ed teacher Stan Nelson was manning a Navy observation boat in that armada and steered it close to the shore to get a read on the state of German resistance . He never mentioned this in the 1950s when I was in his gym class . He simply kept a close watch for shirkers who tried to weasel out of doing the rope climb or the diving somersault over the horse . “ Keillor , get back in line , ” he yelled . I think of him plying these waters in his little boat . Did the Navy teach him sufficient French that if his boat got blown up and he had to swim to shore , he could ask a farm family to hide him in the barn ?
The Europeans have a history of dealing with the madness of rulers ; we do not . Lyndon Johnson was vain and dramatic and at times dishonest , but he had some principles and pushed through the Civil Rights Act and Medicare and thereby changed the country for the better .
Now here is a president who communicates in little specks and splats of twitters , leaving his minions to try to say clearly what , if anything , he thinks . The country will weary of this , the dead eyes , the heavy scowl , the jutting chin . The man 's base will discover eventually that he is a carnival hoax , the Cardiff Giant , the Wild Man of Borneo who eats live chickens . You ca n't fool 40 percent of the people 90 percent of the time .
Meanwhile , honorable Republicans who have dedicated their lives to public service sit in committee and listen to insanity . If a man with a pistol in hand walks into a 7-Eleven and asks for money and his defense attorney explains that he was only asking for a loan , the gun was not loaded , and the handkerchief over his face was for purposes of sanitation , this is a joke , right ? Am I right ? And if the courtroom takes it seriously , then we must bring in the psychiatrists .
Garrison Keillor is an author and radio personality . His column is distributed by the Washington Post News Service with Bloomberg News .
JTA — Glen Campbell , the country music star who died at 81 on Tuesday from Alzheimer 's , grew up in rural Arkansas . The man who sang hits such as “ Rhinestone Cowboy ” and “ By the Time I Get To Phoenix ” was raised a Baptist in a family of 12 .
But as the Jewish Journal pointed out , Reuters reported in 2008 that Campbell had been a Messianic Jew for the last two decades of his life . He and his wife Kim attended services at a synagogue near their home in Malibu , and they celebrated major Jewish holidays , such as Passover , Rosh Hashanah and Hanukkah .
“ Kim cooks a mean brisket but is still working on her matzo balls , ” Dean Goodman wrote . “ And grape juice subs for Manischewitz in the alcohol-free household . ”
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Goodman even observed a menorah and a Hebrew book in Campbell 's home .
Messianic Judaism combines Jewish traditions with the idea that Jesus Christ is the coming Messiah . “ It 's Jews who believe that Christ is the risen savior , ” as Campbell explained to Reuters .
Some Messianic Jews want the movement to be accepted as a sect of Judaism , but mainstream Jewish movements believe the ideology is a contradiction .
ABC 's Terry Moran launched a full scale attack on Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos as part of a feature for ABC Nightline , calling Milo an “ idiot , ” “ revolting ” and comparing him to a “ 13-year-old ” child .
The piece centred around the topic of trolling , with ABC describing Milo as “ the tip of the iceberg in a rising tide of hate and abuse in social media , one he clearly sees as a noble purpose . ”
Asked by Moran whether he would call Leslie Jones a “ dude ” to her face , Milo confirmed that he “ probably would . ”
“ Then you 're an idiot , ” Moran angrily replied .
The segment continues , describing Milo as a “ self-proclaimed troll ” who “ makes a career out of sparking outrage , spreading vitriol at many and helping to legitimize a movement of negativity growing on the internet . ”
“ You 're going to go after somebody 's body to go after their ideas , what grade are you in ? Are you a 13-year-old ? , ” to which Milo said that the real problem lies with the body positivity movement and the “ idea that you can tell women they 'll be happy and health at any size . ”
“ My rudeness creates conversation , provokes people into saying oh what a monster and then 20 % of people start talking about what I was actually saying I will consider my career to be a terrific success , ” Milo added .
The ABC report has already received overwhelming disapproval on YouTube , with many users pointing out the segment 's apparent bias towards Leslie Jones and disdain for Milo , and what they describe as the “ ultraconservative ” Breitbart .
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ ben_kew , or email him at ben @ yiannopoulos.net
Wilhelmsburg Banks is one of the most famous skate spots in all of Germany . The beautiful terracotta tiling and Hamburg setting makes for one of the more memorable skate sessions you can have in Europe . Unfortunately , the park is in danger of being closed and demolished forever . There is a movement to stop this from happening . If you would like more info on how to get involved , head over to Save Wilhelmsburg Banks on Instagram .
Vans Skate x Trap Skateboards `` Save the Wilhelmsburg '' Half Cab Pro is extremely limited and only 200 pairs will be sold globally . An initial release will be held tomorrow , June 1st , in store only at Supreme LA . A larger European release at select Vans Skate stockists is planned for Saturday , June 10th . Check your local shop for details on how they will handle this release . Retail is $ 69 .
It 's no secret that it can be difficult for farmers to get out and have some fun . We do n't really seem to have a slow season because we have such a varied farm . Because of this , I have to get a little creative when I want to have a “ girl 's night ” . Luckily , my friends are very understanding and are super flexible about what we do , as long as it involves wine 🙂
Last winter , I wanted to put together a craft night . Fortunately , I did n't have to put in much effort to save up our “ craft supplies ” . And I think this counts as recycling too , right ? I actually did put some thought into it so I 'd have some different shaped bottles to use ( do n't worry , they were still all cheap haha ! ) .
When the night came , we spread out newspapers in my driveway and grabbed our spray paint . This definitely could 've been done ahead of time , but I did n't even think about it . We stuck with white and black for base coats to simplify things . We poured a few glasses of wine and found a cheesy old 90 's romantic comedy on Netflix . They really did n't take long to dry . But you do want to make sure they 're completely dry or they 'll smudge when you go to draw over the top of the paint .
We used Sharpies for the designs . You can use acrylic paints if you 'd like but I felt that the Sharpie was easier . I chose metallic colors and drew animal prints ( not that they go with my decor all that well but I thought they would be fun ! ) My friend made some really neat aztec prints using neon colors .
By the time the movie was done and our glasses were empty , the bottles were dry !
It was a great time catching up , and we still got to feel like we were “ productive ” . Of course every time we get the chance to get together , we never actually watch the movie and instead spend the whole time catching up on everything that 's happened in the months since the last time we were able to both find some time .
As always , if you have any questions or comments , drop a line below or go to my Contact page to find me on social media .
A coalition of institutional left , anti-Trump groups will attempt to choke Americans ' free-speech rights , using the excuse they 're opposing “ hate speech . ”
The assortment of far-left and establishment groups in the “ Coalition Against Hate ” includes two groups associated with Hillary Clinton 's campaign chief operative John Podesta , plus pro-illegal immigration groups , such as the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund ( MALDEF ) plus the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) , which was an unindicted co-conspirator in an anti-Semitic , jihad-funding operation .
MALDEF , which was formed in 1967 with funding almost exclusively by The Ford Foundation , has been called by author David Horowitz a group which “ no longer draws a distinction between legal and illegal immigrants . ”
Other members of the 55-member hate coalition include the Brennan Center for Justice , CHIRLA , Color of Change , Common Cause , GLAAD , Matthew Shepard Foundation , National Immigration Law Center , and the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) . These groups are suppressing their own rivalries — such as Islam 's hatred of gays — to unite against Americans .
The coalition plans to use legal action and government pressure to stop what it calls “ hate speech . ”
As Breitbart News recently reported , the SPLC has published a list of what they call “ Terror from the Right ” that categorizes two Islamic terror attacks as “ radical-right terrorist plots . ”
The group lays out their “ mission ” on their website , under the guise of stopping what they refer to as “ hate speech. ” That “ hate speech ” term helps them stigmatize rival opinions and ideas that the left rejects , even as the group ignores the hatred by fellow progressives towards President-elect Donald Trump and his supporters .
Our mission is to # breakhate by elevating the voices of the impacted and hold purveyors of hate speech accountable . As the Coalition Against Hate , we will encourage media platforms to abandon hate speech as a profit model and bring civil discourse back to the public square . We will expose purveyors of hate speech and those that use multiple media platforms to amplify their hateful rhetoric . We have a responsibility to speak out against hate speech and demonstrate to our communities and our children that words have meaning . We will also promote positive portrayals to illustrate that our diversity is what makes communities flourish .
This trend is fortified by media outlets such as the New York Times , which has a new , regular section by the Editorial Board called This Week in Hate , where it says , “ The editorial board tracks hate crimes and harassment around the country since the election of Donald Trump . ”
The Times had no such column regularly tracking the crimes and harassment spread by Occupy Wall Street , Black Lives Matter , and various college groups during the Obama administration .
One approving article about the new group makes it clear that President-elect Trump and Breitbart News will be targets for the Coalition Against Hate , writing :
The coalition said it will warn of the dangers of using the “ alt-right ” label to describe what it said is actually white supremacy , and that it will take issue with Trump appointees and staffers . The candidate himself has broad-brushed Mexican immigrants as rapists and Muslims as potential terrorists and his tapping of Stephen Bannon of the Breitbart News site drew a firestorm of criticism from those who see that site , and Bannon , as facilitating hate speech
On the group 's website , they urge fellow progressives to seek legal help from lawyers working for CAIR .
The Civil Rights Department of the Council on American-Islamic Relations works to protect and extend the civil liberties guaranteed primarily by the Bill of Rights and the U.S. Constitution . We take requests for legal help for civil rights matters .
The irony of the Coalition 's positions against “ hate ” is made clear by a tweet supporting # BreakHate from Hussam Ayloush , the Executive Director of the Los Angeles chapter of CAIR and part of CAIR nationally .
In December , Ayloush had been quoted by the Coalition Against Hate 's Twitter account :
'We will work together and engage with the media and public to challenge hate ' Hussam Ayloush of @ CAIRNational # breakhate — Coalition Agst Hate ( @ _AgainstHate ) December 7 , 2016
As Breitbart News reported , Ayloush was sharply criticized when he recently said he wished more people had died in the crash of a Russian military plane into the Black Sea .
This sick bastard CAIR exec should be so ashamed . Absolute filth . @ HussamA pic.twitter.com/4QMyBL00UV — Cassandra Fairbanks ❤️⏳ ( @ CassandraRules ) December 26 , 2016
The Coalition has not commented on Ayloush 's statement .
Breitbart has frequently noted that the CAIR group is so closely entwined with Islamists and with jihadis that court documents and news reports show that at least five of its people — either board members , employees , or former employees — have been jailed or repatriated for various financial and terror-related offenses .
Breitbart has also published evidence highlighted by critics showing that CAIR was named an unindicted co-conspirator in a Texas-based criminal effort to deliver $ 12 million to the Jew-hating HAMAS jihad group , that CAIR was founded with $ 490,000 from HAMAS , and that the FBI bans top-level meetings with CAIR officials . “ The FBI policy restricting a formal relationship with CAIR remains … [ but ] does not preclude communication regarding investigative activity or allegations of civil rights violations , ” said an Oct. 2015 email from FBI spokesman Christopher Allen .
In 2009 , a federal judge concluded that “ the government has produced ample evidence to establish the associations of CAIR… with Hamas . ”
The CAIR group defends itself here .
Lee Stranahan makes you smarter about the news every day with his free email newsletter The Stranahan Report ; start your day smarter , sign up at Stranahan.com .
The arrest of a 14-year-old Australian boy in Bali on drugs possession charges shows the global war on drugs is not just failing but is harming the wrong people , lawyers say .
Drug abuse must be treated globally as a health issue , not a criminal justice issue , the Australian Lawyers Alliance ( ALA ) says .
`` This situation where a boy holidaying with his family is hauled into the police station and threatened with up to 12 years ' prison for allegedly buying $ 25 worth of cannabis is not just ludicrous , but traumatic and damaging for the young boy involved , '' ALA president Greg Barns said in a statement today .
`` Too many of the wrong people are being jailed as a result of a policy that keeps the drug trade underground , allowing mafia organisations to control it and make huge amounts of money that they reinvest back into organised crime . ''
Mr Barns said countries such as Portugal and the Czech Republic and several nations in Latin America were starting to look at the decriminalisation of possession and use of small amounts of drugs because prohibition policies were costing thousands of lives and billions of dollars for zero return .
AutoGuide.com
BMW has issued out a statement that its 2012 328i automatic now has a rated highway fuel rating of 33-mpg as opposed to the originally announced 36-mpg .
The EPA reserves the right to validate the fuel economy figures that automakers submit through their own testing and reporting . Most of the time , the discrepancy is negligible – maybe a 1-mpg difference – but this time the EPA fuel economy figures has the new 3-Series automatic at 3-mpg ( highway ) less than BMW 's reported figures . City mileage also drops one tick to 23 mpg .
Of course this comes as a shock to BMW ( surprise , surprise ) and the German automaker is currently working to determine how it was possible . Unfortunately for them , the EPA does n't allow for re-testing this year , so BMW has done their due diligence in updating all of its 2012 3-Series automatic information to reflect the 33-mpg highway rating .
Even though it 's quite the hit to its numbers , the BMW 3-Series ' 33-mpg highway rating still bests all its rivals within the segment .
Those who opt for the six-speed manual will see fuel economy unchanged at 23/34 .
OP-NAT EYE
November 23 , 2014 ( updated 4:35 p.m. PST )
UPDATED November 27 , 2014 : The killer cop has been identified as Timothy Loehmann .
The surveillance has also been released . The killer basically got out of his car and immediately shot Tamir
Tamir is dead . The killer is enjoying a paid vacation with his family on Thanksgiving .
UPDATED November 25 , 2014 , 11:33 a.m. PST : Cleveland Police are now changing their story , saying young Tamir Rice “ reached for a gun ” when they shot and killed him . The Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner 's Office is also refusing to release any information to media , including ourselves . Deputy Chief Tomba is now saying the kangaroo “ investigation ” could take three months . There is apparently surveillance video as well , which nobody has seen except Cleveland Police , so its uncertain if anyone will ever see the original footage before inevitable manipulation and tampering .
We all know the routine when cops murder so there is no media-created “ suspense. ” The killer 's name is still being protected as well . We 're working to find it and will continue to update as we learn more .
UPDATED 1:43 p.m. PST : The victim has now been identified as Tamir Rice .
UPDATED 10:42 a.m. PST Its now confirmed that the 12-year-old son of Samaria Rice has died after being shot in the stomach by cops .
CLEVELAND — The 911 operator was more interested in the kids ' race and whether or not the caller had a gun ; which led to a 12-year-old kid being shot and seriously wounded by cops .
The shooting took place on Saturday around 3:30 p.m. EST on a playground at Cudell Commons Recreation Center , 1910 West Boulevard on the city 's west side . A man called 911 and said a kid “ with a pistol that 's probably fake ” was pointing it at people . The caller said the gun was fake a second time , which is when call got more bizarre .
The operator seem obsessed with the kids ' race , asking the caller three times “ is he black or white ? ” The caller ultimately confirmed the kid was black . The operator then asked the caller either “ do you have a gun ” or “ do you know the guy ? ” The call was abruptly ended by the operator after the caller answered no . The entire 911 call can be heard here .
Cleveland cops arrived a few minutes later . Ed Tomba , Cleveland deputy chief cop , said during a press conference “ there was no verbal or [ otherwise ] confrontation ” and that no threat was posed to the cops . Despite Tomba also confirming the child did not aim the Airsoft toy gun at the cops , they arrived and immediately fired two bullets at the kid , striking him once in the stomach .
The victim , who 's name has not been released as of yet , was rushed to MetroHealth Medical Center and underwent surgery . He is in critical condition . The cop , who 's name is currently being protected by his employer , was immediately rewarded with a paid vacation , aka “ paid administrative leave . ”
Samaria Rice , the victim 's mother , told WOIO CBS 19 she learned of the incident from two kids who knocked on her door and told her what happened . The family lives across the street from the park . Ms. Rice said her son 's condition was quickly diminishing when she arrived at the hospital Saturday night . She tried to ask him what happened , but he was unresponsive .
This is now the second time in less than two weeks Cleveland cops have murdered black people for paid vacations . Tanesha Anderson was murdered by Cleveland cops November 13 after they slammed her head into the pavement . Granted the young man shot by cops on Saturday is still alive as of publishing . But he 's currently in critical condition after taking a bullet to the stomach . Of course a large majority of white Americans are supporting the killer with the proverbial “ officer did what he had to do , ” while saying black people will “ play the race card ” and “ call Al and Jesse ” in the aftermath .
UPDATED 5:45 p.m. PST : Typical white blood lust and Stockholm Syndrome following the murder of a 12-year-old kid . Via Cleveland Police Facebook Page .
We will be constantly updating this story as we learn more about the young man . The routinr kangaroo investigations have already begun , so the inevitable “ justified ” disposition should be released within a few weeks . Our thoughts are with the Rice family .
The Cleveland Browns will take on the Chicago Bears on Thursday for their fourth game of the preseason . Here is a reader 's digest of what you can expect to see from Cleveland in their final tune-up for the regular season :
What to Look For - Bears vs. Browns
Playing Time : The rough plan for head coach Mike Pettine this week is to get all four quarterbacks into the game , with about a quarter of play each . Something like this would seem within the realm of possibility :
-1st Quarter : Brian Hoyer
-2nd Quarter : Johnny Manziel
-3rd Quarter : Rex Grossman
-4th Quarter : Connor Shaw
Manziel could possibly play into the third quarter a little bit . The Browns definitely want to give Grossman some reps , and that tells me that he 's going to make the team . Why would they waste reps on him if they were planning to cut him two days later ?
Nate Burleson 's Revival : I 'm going to sound like a broken record when it comes to WR Nate Burleson , but it 's remarkable how his stock has increased so much by missing the first three preseason games . When our other receivers did n't look so hot , I started thinking , `` maybe we do need Burleson . ''
Now that WR Josh Gordon has the one-year ban , it feels like we definitely need Burleson . We do n't know how much playing time Burleson will get this week , but he 's expected to make his preseason debut .
RB Battle : The Browns seem pretty settled with RB Dion Lewis being the No . 3 running back . The only two running backs still on the roster after that are RB Chris Ogbonnaya and RB Isaiah Crowell . If the Browns are hell bent on stashing Crowell on their 53-man roster , then this would be the week to give Crowell all of the second-half reps .
FB Battle : The Browns seem to be toying with the thought of keeping FB Ray Agnew , and if they do , it might be more related to how he looks on special teams . I do n't think he 'll make the roster , but Agnew could be on the verge of a job if he looks good on film .
WR Battle : Now that Gordon is out , the Browns have four receivers likely to make the team . I 'd like to think the fifth will be WR Taylor Gabriel , but there 's a chance that six receivers will now make the team . WR Charles Johnson is the favorite for that spot , but honestly , has he looked any better in camp than WR Tori Gurley ever did in the past ? WR Willie Snead now has a little bit of hope for that sixth spot . WR Marlon Moore has an outside shot for his special teams contributions , but I do n't see it because he has n't been getting many receiver reps .
OL Battle : It 's probably incredibly difficult to pick up two offensive linemen off waivers and then insert them into your offensive line at the last second . With that said , given how bad our second unit has been , I hope we see a lot of OL Donald Hawkins and OL Karim Barton . Even if they do n't impress enough , what 's the harm -- just waive them and look over the waiver wire for other teams ' `` better cuts '' when rosters are trimmed to 53 players .
LB Battle : Even though the competition between ILB Chris Kirksey and ILB Craig Robertson is still on , I think it 's rather clear that both plan on being utilized this season , so it 's not like there will be a firm `` winner '' there . The No . 4 outside linebacker and No . 4 inside linebacker positions are still up-in-the-air , but they are n't the most exciting of battles .
S Battle : On the back end of the roster , the Browns still need to decide between S Jim Leonhard , S Johnson Bademosi , and S Josh Aubrey as their No . 4 and No . 5 safeties . Leonhard and Aubrey seem to be the better fits at safety , but Bademosi has the special teams accolades .
CB Battle : The Browns will be without their primary cornerbacks again , so this will be a redux of the Rams game : Justin Gilbert and Leon McFadden basically getting the starter treatment in a preseason game . Gilbert needs a rebound game , while McFadden continues to fight for his job and improve his chances by virtue of the injuries at the position .
Avoid Going 0-4 : It 's just the preseason , but it would be nice for the Browns to walk into the locker room with at least one taste of victory heading into the regular season .
Game Thread : Our game thread on Dawgs By Nature will go live at 6:00 PM ET , which is two hours before kickoff . Be sure to check in for the final preseason game of the year !
Holly Smith : online bargain-hunting led to life as a full-time coupon queen
It has been four years since Great Yarmouth resident Smith , 32 , paid full price for anything at the supermarket . “ It all started one night when I could n't sleep , ” she says . “ I got up and started looking for coupons on the internet , which I could combine with supermarket deals to get the item for free . I became really good at it and then a friend encouraged me to start a blog online . So I did. ” She now has almost a million followers on her Facebook page , Couponmumuk , and spends up to 14 hours a day sourcing coupons and bargains that she can share .
“ Some brands – like Kellogg 's , Pringles , Johnson & Johnson , Always sanitary pads and Covent Garden soup – frequently offer coupons on their Facebook pages , or will even give you a coupon to get your next product for free . I once got 150 Ristorante pizzas for free , and I helped the Salvation Army does the same . ”
How to save money on your shopping Read more
She films herself at the till , actually using the coupons she has found . “ Some people worry coupons you need to print off at home wo n't work in the shops and fear being embarrassed in public . I carry each supermarket 's coupon policy in my purse , and I show my Facebook viewers exactly how to get a manager to intervene if there is a problem and if a valid coupon is initially refused . ”
As well as hunting down coupons online , she also regularly posts birthday , Christmas and New Year greetings cards to brands she likes . “ Most brands print a freepost address on their packaging , and you can get five cards for £1 in the poundshop .
“ Two-thirds of the time I 've found if you wish a brand a happy birthday , say you 're a loyal customer and include your postal address , they will send you at least one coupon – or as many as 20 . ”
Once , she sent well-known sausage brand a card with a drawing of a farm her children had made . In response , the company sent her a hamper with £200-worth of sausages inside it ( she gave most of it away to charity ) . Other brands have given her three years ' supply of washing tablets and four years ' supply of toilet rolls .
“ I have a large chest freezer and my entire garage is now a stockpile where I put the stuff that I get for free . Each £1 saved with a coupon , I put in a savings account. ” She has saved around £12,000 on her food bill in the last couple of years . “ I 've discovered food definitely tastes better when it 's free . ”
Neil Wright : shop through cashback sites using a cashback credit card
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Neil Wright saves £1,000 a year using cashback websites . Photograph : Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
Wright , 29 , lives in West Lothian . He started using cashback websites five years ago and is now an avid user , visiting Topcashback , his favourite site , at least two or three times a week . It saves him around £1,000 a year . “ Every single time I want to buy something , I check which retailer is the cheapest , then whether I can get cashback on my purchase . Around 70 % of the time , I find I can make the transaction cheaper . ”
To date , he has earned nearly £5,200 from Topcashback and £825 from its rival site , Quidco . He has also earned £140 via the Kidstart site , which is generally less competitive than the other two but unlike them offers cashback at John Lewis and Amazon .
By clicking through to a retailer from a cashback website , he earns between 1 % and 10 % cashback on everything he buys from that retailer . He then uses his Asda credit card to pay for it , and gets an additional 1 % cashback on top .
“ I 've always been keen on a bargain and it frustrates me that other people ca n't be bothered to do what I do , ” says Wright . “ I think they 're missing a trick . It only takes an extra minute or two . ”
He sets himself reminders to shop around annually for new insurance , mobile phone , cable TV and utility providers , and always switches provider via a cashback website . “ I once managed to get so much cashback from switching my broadband , it effectively meant my broadband bill for a year was only £10 . Another time , I earned £250 just by taking out a new life insurance policy . ”
Debra Law : food just past its best-before date is fine – and much cheaper
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Debra Law buys food past its best-before date . Photograph : Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
Almost a decade ago Law , who is 56 , started buying discounted food online that was nearing or past its best-before date , or had been rejected by high street stores because of its packaging . “ I once bought two boxes of Black Magic chocolates for a penny each , ” she says . “ I would have bought more , but you were only allowed to buy a maximum of two per person . ”
Law , who lives in Aberdeen , estimates 25 % of the food she buys has already passed its best-before date , and the rest will typically officially cease to be at its best within a month . “ I tell everybody I know to do what I do . I do n't think there 's any difference in the quality . I 've always kept my food until I 've used it . The best-before date does n't bother me . ”
It is perfectly legal to sell food which is past its best-before date , and eating food that is past that is unlikely to be a health risk , according to the Food Standards Agency – only use-by dates relate to food safety .
Two websites , Approved Food and Clearance XL , dominate the online market for out-of-date food , and Law regularly shops at both of them . In the last couple of years , she has saved more than £15,000 on food that would normally have retailed for over £22,000 . She checks the Approved Food website every single day for bargains – stock typically sells out in a matter of hours – and Clearance XL once a week . Law always buys in bulk because she has to pay around £5 for each delivery . As a result , she says , she currently has 24 cans of soft drinks , 60 different sauces , 10 cans of soup , 100 packets of crisps and every kind of cake mix under the sun – all nearing or past their best-before dates . “ Everything I buy would cost at least double if it was sold in a supermarket , ” she says . “ I 'm housebound , in a wheelchair , and I live on a tight budget because I rely on disability benefits for my entire income . Knowing I have enough food gives me peace of mind , and the food I buy online saves me money I can not afford to spend . ”
Find discount codes for major retailers in fashion , beauty , technology and more by visiting discountcodes.theguardian.com
A bizarre flick from Mexico translated by K. Gordon Murray for children 's matinees , in which Santa Claus is the envy of the CIA and avoids child labor laws by keeping his slaves in an orbital castle over the North Pole . Currently # 44 on IMDB 's Bottom 100 of worst films , beating out `` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians '' by a wide margin . From everything I 've heard , it 's PD in Mexico , too , so the GATT monster did n't get this one !
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : sc117 - favorite - May 6 , 2017
Subject : Bizarre film Strange and terrible movie love the mst3k version sc117 -- May 6 , 2017Bizarre film
Reviewer : Big Boomer - favorite - March 19 , 2017
Subject : Deluded I agreed with some of what BondoFox noted . But when he veered off the main road with that story about how Mexican kids were so starved for American toys that all it took to kick-start the market south of the border was a film like this , I had to wonder what reality he lives in .
As for the movie , I do n't think it is particularly good even for a bad film . I did not make it to the end and I do not feel cheated . - March 19 , 2017Deluded
Reviewer : Victor Von Psychotron - favorite favorite - November 24 , 2014
Subject : Wonderfully bizarre . It 's so strange that you have to see it to believe it . The lavish sets are a bit of a surprise for such a low budget film . - November 24 , 2014Wonderfully bizarre .
Reviewer : Kodachrome - favorite - January 4 , 2014
Subject : How did this ever become PD ? Perhaps it is because this is quite possibly the worst movie ever made .
I am hoping for a sequel : Santa Claus versus the Zeta Drug Cartel . Now THAT would be worth watching !
One star for this very scary flick . - January 4 , 2014How did this ever become PD ?
Reviewer : BondoFox - favorite favorite favorite - December 23 , 2011
Subject : So Bad It 's Great Y'see , the reason this movie was made was to bring the concept of Santa Claus to Mexico . At the time , Mexico had their own Christmas celebrations which were more religious than secular . The idea was that if Santa Claus was introduced to Mexico , it would help toy marketing and increase sales . And it worked !
The movie got lost in obscurity until `` Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' resurrected it , making it a cult classic .
If you have n't seen the MST3K version , you may have a hard time watching this . Their version made it * extremely * watchable . Now here , you can give the original a try , and as cheesy as it is by today 's standards , it 'll be a fun watch . - December 23 , 2011So Bad It 's Great
Reviewer : AlecWest - favorite favorite favorite - October 17 , 2011
Subject : Everything is relative . The same year this film came out in Mexico ( 1959 ) , it won the Golden Gate Award for Best International Family Film at the San Francisco International Film Festival . Murray released his dubbed version in 1960 . And it made so much money that it was periodically re-released in theaters during the 1960s and 1970s . So , what might be cheesy now was n't so cheesy back then . - October 17 , 2011Everything is relative .
Reviewer : rclo - favorite - June 3 , 2011
Subject : Creepy Santa From the start , Santa looks creepy , demented and evil , and his laugh is anything but jolly .
Be good , kids , or they might make you watch this movie . - June 3 , 2011Creepy Santa
Reviewer : bandit2005 - favorite favorite - May 31 , 2011
Subject : silly but entertaining
and the mexican monster and wrestling santos movies that were all sold to tv from american international Back in the late 60 's they have kiddie matinees showing movies like this.i remember the other Christmas movie called the christmas that almost was ' nt.this was before vhs and dvd.and watching this as a kid it was kind of creepy , like the big ear and big eye.but now its kind of silly.in an offbeat way.K Gordon Murry made some pretty weird movies , like puss and boots , rumplstillskin , and the mexican monster and wrestling santos movies that were all sold to tv from american international pictures.so really the original title was Santa Claus not to be confused by the Tim Allen Santa Claus movies.but this could give young children nightmares . - May 31 , 2011silly but entertaining
Reviewer : picfixer - favorite favorite favorite - May 30 , 2011
Subject : Nightmares , suitable for ages 3 to 9 Proof that Mexico and the United States harmoniously working together have the ability to produce a film with the potential to terrorize millions of children in the Spanish and English speaking worlds . Remarkable ! And to think this was accomplished without the aid of NAFTA . Continuing in the spirit of international goodwill , `` Santa Claus vs. the Devil '' receives 3 stars for being something which must be seen to be believed - and then taken out in the backyard and buried .
…hmmm , what if with the help of Canada we gave the Easter Bunny vampire fangs ? - May 30 , 2011Nightmares , suitable for ages 3 to 9
Reviewer : Vance Capley - favorite favorite favorite - May 29 , 2011
Subject : The Psycotronic Christmas Special ! ! ! This is the Christmas special for the psycotronic generation ! It 's perfect . Please note * * * I did n't say that this was a great Christmas picture . * * * This is a great Christmas pic for the psycotronic gen - May 29 , 2011The Psycotronic Christmas Special ! ! !
Reviewer : splue - favorite favorite - May 29 , 2011
Subject : lost ed wood film ? ? ? maybe__________IF ED FLUSHED QUALITY DOWN TH TOILET & LOST HIS MIND ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! - May 29 , 2011lost ed wood film ? ? ?
The protest , such as it was , speaks to a much wider issue – and not just the racial aspect ; it speaks to where we are in the history of our nation
The U.S. Supreme Court , in a landmark ruling , decided a number of years ago that burning the U.S. flag was protected speech under the First Amendment . One female Air Force vet recently voiced her opinion of that ruling , in essence , through her actions .
As aggregated by The Blaze , Air Force veteran Michelle Manhart had had enough when she saw “ protestors ” on the campus of Valdosta ( Georgia ) State University stepping on an American flag , so she decided to pick up and make it her own , which earned her the ire of protestors – and police .
Video from the scene shows Manhart debating with protestors as she rolled up the flag , who charged that she stole their flag from them .
“ This flag actually belongs to the entire United States , ” Manhart asserts .
Manhart 's taking of the flag – and the cops ' initial non-reaction to it – earned them a charge of racism .
“ Is that not theft ? ” a voice off-camera asks police . “ If this had been in the hood you would 've had a n * * * a in some handcuffs right now . Look at that white privilege . ”
Police , however , summarily demanded that both Manhart and one of the protesters let go of the flag , but a standoff develops — until the cops start tackling Manhart .
It takes four officers to finally handcuff her ; she was never charged , however .
At one point she asks the officers why they are n't standing up for the flag , which fails to elicit a response .
Back to that “ white privilege ” charge . The protestors said that they racism was at the center of their protest , to which Manhart thoughtfully responded :
If your cause is racism then find some white people and walk on them . But to walk on the flag is walking on our symbol of freedom . You have the freedom to do what you are doing because of it . I 'm not fighting against them . I 'm fighting against the way they are going about it .
Full disclosure , though : Manhard appears to be the same Michelle Cross-Manhart who was demoted while in the Iowa Air National Guard for posing nude while in partial uniform for Playboy in 2007 . So , she 's not kidding when she says she really does believe in the protestors ' First Amendment right to protest .
But the protest , such as it was , speaks to a much wider issue – and not just the racial aspect . It speaks to where we are in the history of our nation .
There have always been protests against this policy or that party or this law or that rule – and there have always been patriots like Michelle Manhart to defend the country . But civility is dissipating rapidly ; the debate is no longer about policy , per se , but rather what kind of country America is or is becoming .
Are we really inherently “ racist ? ” Do we really think the flag of our country stands for that ? For selective enforcement of our laws ? For “ white privilege ? ” Or are our leaders guilty of fomenting that kind of hate ?
The flag is representative of a country with a written Constitution guaranteeing every citizen the same rights and same status under law . It is individual leaders – political , ethnic , religious – who bastardize what the flag stands for in order to empower themselves .
If Manhart is spot-on about anything , it is that the Valdosta State protestors , as well as any others who do the same thing , trod upon our “ symbol of freedom ” when they trample the flag – the same symbol signifying the same freedom to “ speak ” by trampling our national banner .
But should it be illegal ? Maybe not ; but rescuing it from a demeaning destruction should also not get you arrested .
What are your thoughts about this Air Force vet and her attempt to rescue a U.S. flag ? INFORM THE DEBATE below !
Jean Marie Faircloth MacArthur ( December 28 , 1898 – January 22 , 2000 ) was the second wife of U.S. Army General of the Army Douglas MacArthur .
Early life and education [ edit ]
Born Jean Marie Faircloth in Nashville , she was the daughter of Edward C. Faircloth , a banker . After her parents divorced when she was eight , her mother took her to live with her grandparents in Murfreesboro , Tennessee . Her grandfather , a former captain in the Confederate army , instilled in her a love of uniforms . She attended Ward-Belmont College in Nashville , but graduated from Soule College in Murfreesboro . Jean and her father can be found later listed on a passenger manifest of the SS Belgenland , which arrived in the Port of Los Angeles on December 29 , 1927 from Balboa , Panama Canal Zone . When her father died , she inherited a large fortune and travelled extensively . [ citation needed ]
Marriage [ edit ]
On a trip she intended to be to Shanghai , in 1935 , she met General MacArthur aboard the SS President Hoover , which was to stop first in Manila , where MacArthur would disembark . Despite the age difference — she was nearly nineteen years younger than he — they began a permanent relationship in Manila , and married in New York City on April 30 , 1937 , during Gen. MacArthur 's trip home to build support for the defense of the Philippines . This was to be Gen. MacArthur 's last trip to the mainland United States for the next 14 years , when he was relieved from duty by President Truman . His only other visits to U.S. soil between 1937 and 1951 were a 1944 strategy meeting in Honolulu , Hawaii with President Roosevelt and Admiral Nimitz and a 1950 meeting with President Truman on Wake Island . [ citation needed ]
Jean was MacArthur 's second wife and he described her as his `` constant friend , sweetheart , and devoted support . '' They had one son , Arthur MacArthur IV ( 1938– ) , and were married until Douglas ' death in 1964 . [ 1 ]
Wartime [ edit ]
Jean MacArthur was with her husband when the Japanese attacked the Philippines and went with him to the island of Corregidor in Manila 's harbor . Even when the island was attacked , she refused to leave her husband . Only when President Roosevelt ordered the MacArthurs to leave did they go to Australia . [ citation needed ]
Charity work [ edit ]
After her husband 's death she helped with the Metropolitan Opera and other charities . In her later years , she often gave speeches on her late husband 's military career . President Ronald Reagan awarded her the Medal of Freedom in 1988 and the Philippine government gave her its Legion of Merit in 1993 . [ citation needed ]
Death [ edit ]
Mrs. MacArthur died of natural causes in Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan at age 101 . She is entombed with her husband in the rotunda of the MacArthur Memorial in Norfolk , Virginia , the hometown of Gen. MacArthur 's mother . [ citation needed ]
Rally in South Carolina sees a self-deprecating former president cracking jokes , but also attacking those who ‘ inflame ' anger and frustration
Seven years ago , George W Bush left office as one of the most disliked presidents in US history . On Monday night , in a packed convention hall in front of a giant American flag , he returned to the campaign trail for the first time in support of his flagging younger brother Jeb .
For outside observers , having in your corner the president who remains synonymous with “ dumb wars ” may seem like the kind of support a White House hopeful could do without .
Welcome to South Carolina : home of Hootie , Aziz and the low country boil – in pictures Read more
Yet George W Bush remains one of the most popular Republicans in the staunch conservative state of South Carolina . And last night he showed why , bounding on stage and turning on that old folksy charm which somehow bypassed the stolid , workmanlike Jeb .
The two Bush brothers appeared accompanied by Laura Bush and South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham to loud applause and even louder country music . They took their seats as Graham hailed George W Bush a “ decent and honorable man ” and proclaimed : “ This is Bush country , Mr president ” .
Bush gave a folksy introduction where he recalled a protestor dumping manure in the parking lot when he was having breakfast at Tommy 's Country Ham House in Greenville , South Carolina 16 years ago . He drew laughs when he said “ even a steaming pile of manure ca n't ruin their good bacon ” .
But the former president soon segued from jokes to a heartfelt stump speech . “ If being president of the United States makes me part of the establishment , well I proudly carry that label , ” he proclaimed . Bush then went on to cite “ something my good dad told me : ‘ labels are for soup cans ' ” .
He praised his brother as having “ the experience and character to be president ” and pointedly noted the former Florida governor 's humility , a strong contrast to several other candidates , he said , who went unnamed .
When Bush started reminiscing about what he missed from being president , telling the crowd “ we miss our friends but we do n't miss power and fame ” , a cry came up from the crowd “ We miss you ! ”
The avuncular older brother got serious , though , disparaging the politics of fear and anger which has marked the Republican campaign . “ We do n't need someone in the Oval Office who mirrors and inflames our anger and frustration . We need someone who can fix the problems that cause our anger and frustration and that 's Jeb Bush . ”
George W Bush 's support for Jeb is only a reminder of his disastrous legacy | Owen Jones Read more
When the candidate finally took the stage , some of his older brother 's charm seemed to have transferred to him as Jeb gave a “ high-energy ” version of his stump speech . He took indirect shots at Marco Rubio , and referred to Donald Trump only as “ the front-running candidate ” as he appealed for voters to support him in Saturday 's crucial primary .
However , Jeb Bush mostly struck to his own version of an optimistic message , vowing , if elected , “ nothing will stop us , we are extraordinary and exceptional ... we just have to fix a few big complex things ” .
The hall in North Charleston was jammed with thousands of people eager to see an ex-president in the flesh . Karen Moore of Johns Island , South Carolina , proclaimed that US president number 43 was “ her crush ” . Attending the event with her husband Louis , she said she had long viewed the Bush family name as an endorsement of morality , having strongly supported both George HW and George W Bush 's campaign .
She dismissed those who criticized Bush 's decision to invade Iraq . “ People are too quick to judge ” she said . “ We do n't have the same information available to us that he had . ”
Those Republicans with more muted feelings about George W Bush , like Al Erickson of Harleyville , South Carolina , merely thought he was a good president , not a great one . Erickson , a transplant from New York who moved south five years ago , was a party line Republican and thought Bush 's biggest sin was not leaving the bailout for Obama . He acknowledged that Iraq was problematic but noted , in contrast , Obama and the Democrats went into Libya .
George Bush 's paintings bear uncanny resemblance ... to Google images Read more
Monday 's rally marked a rare return to the spotlight for George W and the first time the former president has actively campaigned on behalf of his younger brother , who is trying to reach the Oval Office as the 45th president of the United States , but seems a long way from his ambition after a listless campaign .
Since leaving office , Bush has largely avoided politics and given only a handful of interviews , preferring to devote his time to writing his memoirs and taking up oil painting . His body of work includes portraits of fellow world leaders – a sinister Vladimir Putin and a ruby-lipped Tony Blair – as well as a picture of his dog Barney and a naked self-portrait in the shower .
Democrats view his economic policies as well as foreign policy with disdain , and many on the right of the Republican party see him and his father – the 41st president George HW Bush – as big-government conservatives .
However , Bush , the 43rd president , is viewed favorably by 84 % of South Carolina Republicans , particularly with its high number of military veterans . With Jeb currently in fifth place in recent polls of South Carolina , the question remains : are even the loyalists ready to vote for another chapter in the Bush dynasty ?
It 's New ( ish ) To Us : Stanley Kubrick 's Chicago
By Karl Klockars in Arts & Entertainment on Mar 10 , 2011 7:00PM
Not long before he was a film director , Stanley Kubrick was a gun for hire , a have-camera-will-travel , roving photojournalist working for the likes of LOOK Magazine in the late 1940 's . We stumbled across some of his shots while wandering through Tumblr recently , and while the Tribune ran a gallery a while ago , we thought some of the other photos were worth passing on as well .
Note : Distinct lack of droogs , insane 'Nam-era grunts , black-as-night atomic bomb humor , megalomaniacal computers in spacecraft , haunted hotels , Spartacus , and so on . Just plain ol ' ( if you can call it that ) mid-century Chicago .
All images via the Library of Congress . More images available at the link .
I 've already tried to follow instructions in this question , but I 'm stuck , so I had to ask this as a new question .
I am trying to create infinite scroll where a user can see his activities . Only 10 ( 10 is a hypothetical number here ) activities will be shown at a time , so performance will be better .
I created a simple pagination on backend and it works as expected .
/feed/1 - > displays first 10 results ( 0-10 ) /feed/2 - > displays 10 more ( 10-20 ) /feed/3 - > displays 10 more ( 20-30 )
Since I use $ http , I could n't find a way to mimick it , so I put it here as it is for now . There may be more than one issue here , I tried to be careful , though .
Here 's my plunk : http : //plnkr.co/edit/DLAMy56jwyeqYdN1kvT3 ? p=preview
Here 's my code .
index.html
< ! doctype html > < html lang= '' en '' ng-app= '' feed '' > < head > < link rel= '' stylesheet '' href= '' http : //ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angular_material/1.0.0/angular-material.min.css '' > < meta charset= '' UTF-8 '' > < script src= '' http : //ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' http : //ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular-animate.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' http : //ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular-aria.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' http : //ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular-messages.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' https : //cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/angular-ui-router/0.2.8/angular-ui-router.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' script.js '' > < /script > < /head > < body > < div ui-view > < /div > < ! -- Everything is in template.html -- > < /body > < /html >
template.html
< div class= '' virtualRepeatdemoInfiniteScroll '' > < md-content layout= '' column '' > < md-virtual-repeat-container id= '' vertical-container '' flex > < div md-virtual-repeat= '' FeedFlow in PostController.data '' md-on-demand class= '' repeated-item '' flex > < div ng-repeat= '' text in FeedFlow.feed '' > { { FeedFlow.id } } < ! -- whose post is this ? -- > { { text.status } } < ! -- status -- > < /div > < /div > < /md-virtual-repeat-container > < /md-content > < /div >
style.css
.virtualRepeatdemoInfiniteScroll # vertical-container { height : 292px ; width : 400px ; } .virtualRepeatdemoInfiniteScroll .repeated-item { border-bottom : 1px solid # ddd ; box-sizing : border-box ; height : 40px ; padding-top : 10px ; } .virtualRepeatdemoInfiniteScroll md-content { margin : 16px ; } .virtualRepeatdemoInfiniteScroll md-virtual-repeat-container { border : solid 1px grey ; } .virtualRepeatdemoInfiniteScroll .md-virtual-repeat-container .md-virtual-repeat-offsetter { padding-left : 16px ; }
script.js
John Robbie 's last day on air was a fitting tribute to his illustrious radio career .
Messages wishing the broadcaster well poured in from celebrities , politicians , loyal listeners and personalities who have made their own name in radio thanks to his mentorship . Callers included radio veterans Tim Modise , DJ Fresh and Jenny Crwys-Williams .
His producers compiled a list of phrases he 's used regularly over the years that have endeared him to listeners over his 30-year career in broadcasting . John started off his radio journey in 1986 when the country was in turmoil . He was n't very popular among some circles who resented his vision for free speech and inclusivity at the height of Apartheid . John regularly received hate mail and death threats .
He persevered and steered the country through those tumultuous years .
Here 's a look back at how he won the hearts of listeners and those who were lucky enough to work with him ...
Keep it short and sharp !
Please call me John .
Just play it straight Aki .
You lie like a cheap carpet .
What day is it tomorrow ? Oh yes ! It 's Friday !
Khaliques … tell em ' I sent you !
Regular listeners will recall how , for years John used the phrase TGIF… recently that changed to “ Thank Guptas it 's Friday ” ...
Alastair Teeling-Smith , 702 Programme Managers , who has shared John 's journey having worked with him in different capacities , called this time a `` privilege '' adding how the then Talk at Nine really got the country talking .
The country very different then , basically the country was at war… a civil war . The country was at a crossroad . The choices were you either intensify the civil war , the Syrian option , or buy-in to the promise of a rainbow nation . You took to the airwaves during these terrifying but heady times . — Alastair Teeling-Smith , 702 Programme Managers
Teeling-Smith told how John pioneered 702 ' style of talk radio through opening minds , holding those in power to account , giving a voice to the voiceless , and most importantly following up on listeners problems and solving them with the help of various producers over the three decades .
Those early days not always easy… the NP and the right wing hated you , saw you as a communist… bomb threats , death threats… police Casspirs parked outside your house . Shadowy death squads… Paul Erasmus… Eugene de Kok . Of course the ANC loved you… — Alastair Teeling-Smith , 702 Programme Managers
Teeling-Smith recalled how in the 2000 's , 702 was losing money and the board wanted to close the station . Terry Volkwyn , Primedia Broadcasting CEO , persuaded the board to let her take over 702 . Her first priority was putting John on the breakfast show and the rest is history .
John should take much of the credit for saving 702 the radio stations . It 's a well-known adage that a radio station lives or dies on the basis of its breakfast show . You 've grown the audience increasing revenue by many more multiples . And of course we all know the role that John and 702 has played in the community… we hear it on the show each day… — Alastair Teeling-Smith , 702 Programme Managers
John 's departure coincides with that of John 's longtime colleague Primedia Broadcasting CEO , Terry Volkwyn ...
Without you John and Terry 's leadership , many of us would not be here and there may very well have been no 702 today . — Alastair Teeling-Smith , 702 Programme Managers
The thing I will miss most about you John - are the jokes . The Irish jokes , the Greek jokes and best of old - the old jokes . — Darius Mothibe , radio producer
`` You 've lost a presenter , but you 've gained a listener '' @ 702JohnRobbie to Primedia CEO @ RogerJ_Prime receiving Primedian Award # FarewellJohn pic.twitter.com/XEMCNt6adL — 702 ( @ Radio702 ) December 15 , 2016
When introducing the ‘ What 's the question ' competition , trying to work up the on air excitement for the prize ...
Ta-daah !
Even if it 's the day off we reached Nathan `` NBK- '' Schmitt to go back to after IEM Katowice to talk about changes the team made , what their plan in terms of in-game changes is , how Timothée `` DEVIL '' Démolon is getting used to a new role , DreamHack Masters Malmö itself and more .
After Envy had a run of three last places in a row , they finally broke the streak by defeating FaZe and Tempo Storm in the group stage of DreamHack Masters Malmö to advance to quarter-finals , where they 'll meet Dignitas .
We grabbed Nathan `` NBK- '' Schmitt for an 18-minute interview , where he goes through Envy ' plan to fix their issues by making changes in their playstyle and how Timothée `` DEVIL '' Démolon 's role had to change after his addition . He naturally also went over their results at DreamHack Masters Malmö and said what he expects from the quarter-final with Dignitas .
You can find the rest of HLTV.org 's videos by going to our YouTube channel here .
Bumps on the Bitcoin Road
Now that Bitcoin seems to be on the way toward monetization , or at least the long process is noticeably under way , there are a number of issues that are troubling people . I will deal with a few here . Note this crucial distinction that is somehow lost on many commentators on the Bitcoin issue . The flaws are not with the technological unit itself , but with its mode of delivery in real market conditions .
When do we know it is money ? As I was preparing a report for subscribers of the Laissez Faire Club , I was going through the list of goods and services currently priced in Bitcoins and available on the Web . It is mind-boggling how many there are . I 'm not sure I knew just how much you can get right now . The conspicuous hole in this panoply are local merchants — the pizza joint down the street , the rent , the cab fare . Otherwise , anything you can buy on the Web , you can buy with Bitcoin .
Then it suddenly occurred to me .
If you put this list together and look at the total , what you find are more goods and services available right now using Bitcoin than have been available to most everyone in all times and places using any money that has ever existed in all of human history except for the past few years .
True , you can buy more with dollars now , but you can get more stuff with BTC now than you could get with dollars in the 1980s or any earlier time in history . You can buy more varieties of grain , cereal , and spices now than you could get with government money at the local grocery back then . You can buy smartphones , tablets , scanners , and cameras that did n't even exist back then . You can get clothing at prices that were unthinkable back then .
In other words , from a broad historical perspective , Bitcoin is already one of the most functional currencies in the history of humanity .
What keeps it from being money — Bitcoin 's value is constantly assessed in terms of its exchange ratios with government currency — is not its usability , but its stage of development . Its volatility is a problem that raises other problems . The other problem has to do with current infrastructure of Bitcoin that is not sufficiently mature to justify calling it full-blown money at this point . All the signs look great , but we are not there yet .
For example , many in the Bitcoin world today are enormously frustrated with Mt . Gox , the Bitcoin exchange in Japan that processes some 67 % of the Bitcoin business on the Web . That 's down from its near-monopoly status just two years ago , and its percentage of overall business will continue to decline .
One factor that troubles many is that Mt . Gox is highly conventional in its political relationships with the state . Just getting an account requires a great deal of information , more than most people would give even to open up a local bank account . There is no anonymity — not even close . However , this situation will surely be short-lived . The more government money moves to digital currency , the more exchanges can rely on a self-sustaining Bitcoin economy . The problem of state-connected , privacy-violating corporations is a feature of the transition , but not of the long-term operation of the system .
The process toward this self-sustainability will follow no predictable course . In the digital age , conditions can change extremely rapidly . As we saw with Cyprus , if people believe that government can rob them of their money , they will do what they can to move it , regardless of ideology . No one likes to be robbed . A technology that can prevent that can go from obscurity to ubiquity in days .
But there are other problems with Mt . Gox . It has borne the brunt of anger for several instances of technical failure since 2009 . Most recently , the runup of the BTC-to-dollar exchange ratio from $ 30 to $ 266 in a matter of days overwhelmed Mt . Gox 's servers . At the same time , the service was hit by DDoS attacks . After the onslaught and constant crashes that drove a selling panic , the company finally declared a cooling-off period of 12 hours while it upgraded its servers .
Right now we are watching a mad scramble for other services that can provide more reliable service and thereby diversify the Bitcoin trade . Many people sense that the market function of price discovery is being inhibited by industrial concentration in the world of Bitcoin . It seems unsustainable for there to exist tens of thousands of Bitcoin retailers and services but for one company to so thoroughly dominate the producer end .
But there 's a beautiful thing going on here . There are no restrictions on establishing a Bitcoin exchange . The barriers to entry are extremely low , and there are not yet any prohibitive legal barriers . This means the competition for handling coins is already very intense . For Mt . Gox to survive in this environment will require it to be unrelentingly innovative .
Is it ? All services like this wear their flaws on their sleeves , because they are seen by 100 % of users . When things go wrong , we lunge for our rotten tomatoes and start hurling them . Having been on the other side of this for many years , my sympathies go out to any company faced with these sorts of problems .
In the world of server administration and website management , problems are preludes to solutions . The failures serve a profoundly important purpose : They draw attention to the weak points of the current server and database configuration . Things have to break in order for them to be fixed properly and with precision . One hates for this to happen in real-time , but such is the way with markets . This is no perfection out of the box , and this is the way it must be . The upheavals are more productive in a market economy than the stability . And again , these problems have nothing to do with Bitcoin , but rather with the infrastructure in which it is being introduced to the market .
A larger problem with Bitcoin concerns its essential structure that lends itself to growing value in terms of goods and services over time . This is also known as deflation . With a supply that grows on a predictable basis leading to a final fixed supply , it will always buy more and more . Why would that be a problem ? Deflation poses special problems for merchants .
Let 's say that for 100 Bitcoin , you buy five tablets that you intend to resell at a profit . But by the time they enter the market , the value of Bitcoin has risen and you ca n't resell them at a reasonable markup . This is a similar situation many merchants found themselves in with memory sticks and thumb drives over the last 10 years . They bought them and ended up eating them , given their falling retail prices .
How can merchants deal with this ? Well , we can be inspired by the software and computer markets over the last 20 years . Deflation has been the rule . The retailers who have made it through have proven themselves to be radically “ antifragile , ” in the neologism of Nassim Nicholas Taleb . They have adapted through limited inventory , providing top service , excellent marketing , and a general reliance on relentless improvements in product quality to carry the day . These have been gigantically profitable industries in spite of the constant fall of prices of their goods relative to money .
If Bitcoin does , indeed , grow in value over time , savers will be rewarded . But never forget this fundamental truth : The only point of saving is eventual spending . Those who are hoarding Bitcoins today will be on the market for Bitcoin products and services tomorrow . This is a truth that Keynesians of all sorts turn away from , but it highlights the reality that hoarding is actually a productive force in the market economy .
Still , replicating that model with today 's wild volatility of Bitcoin seems implausible . But this raises another issue . Why should this volatility matter in our minds at all ? Because the market is still in its infancy . We are accustomed to constantly checking the price of Bitcoin in terms of other currencies . It does not always have to be this way . For example , most people today could n't tell you anything about the dollar-euro exchange rate , because it just does n't matter . The more we deal in one currency , the more we think in terms of that currency , not its exchange rate .
Bitcoin will have matured as a currency when people concern themselves not with the exchange rate in terms of other monies , but with its value against the goods and services it buys . At that point , it will not be necessary for merchants to constantly adjust prices . The prices in Bitcoin will have meaning on their own . Even now , Bitcoin users grow tired and frustrated with the relentless focus on its dollar price . This focus tempts people to think of Bitcoin as a speculative product or investment , rather than what it seeks to be : an emerging unit of account .
Part of the irony of Bitcoin 's volatility is that it is a sign of its success . The markets are testing it , flitting between belief and doubt based on events such as bank runs and currency upheavals . It is a viable alternative today to government currencies , which is why we are seeing panic rushes to buy , followed by panic rushes to sell . Once the futures markets of Bitcoin have matured , we will start seeing those ups and downs smoothed over in a way that at least incorporates the speculative judgments of the players with skin in the game .
So yes , there are myriad problems between where we are today and where I think we will eventually be , with money finally leaving the analog age and entering the digital age . But the trajectory is clear , and those who see this and act on it will be ahead of the historical curve .
Sincerely ,
Jeffrey Tucker
Original article posted on Laissez Faire Today
The old cinema at the Leeds Merrion Centre could be about to bounce back – as the UK 's first indoor trampoline park .
A bid has been submitted to convert the empty building into a leisure facility incorporating approximately 6,500 sq ft of trampoline space , capable of accommodating around 200 people at a time ,
A foam pit would also be available for more experienced users to practice moves already learned on the main surface .
Similar ventures already exist in America but , to date , there is nothing of comparable scale available in the UK .
If approved , the new trampoline park would be operated by new firm Gravity , which hopes to offer the facilities to the public for general use , for innovative games such as 3D Dodgeball , for training for customers of all ages , for aerobics and for private parties and to corporate clients for team-building events .
As the application does not involve any change to the exterior of the building and as the old cinema would continue to be used for leisure purposes , planners have only been asked to determine if converting the building into a trampoline park would be lawful .
Although it confirmed the application to Leeds City Council yesterday , a spokesman for Gravity was unwilling to elaborate on the scale of investment or to speculate on the number of new jobs which might be created while negotiations over the terms of the lease and planning consent remained active .
However , Helen Green - associate director of estates for Merrion Centre owners Town Centre Securities - added ; “ The idea of housing one of the first indoor trampoline parks in the UK is extremely exciting and really complements The Merrion Centre 's leisure offering and our continued investment into the New Arena Leisure Quarter .
“ They are a big phenomenon in the USA and we would welcome this craze here .
“ However , we are not at a stage where we can confirm the negotiations , which is why we have n't issued this news yet , What seems to be in the public sphere is very speculative .
“ We are unable to confirm investment , jobs , timings and specifics , but we are hopeful that the final crux of this pending deal is not too far in the future . If all goes according to plan and the contract is progressed and finalised , we 'll be delighted to share all the news , so watch this space . ”
In this two-part series , originally appearing on the Russian website Sport-Express , Darius Kasparaitis recalled his life and career , from his early days and time in the NHL to his post-hockey life . In the first part , Kasparaitis talked mostly about his first steps in hockey and his move overseas . In this second part , he focused more on his later NHL career and post-hockey family life .
* For the original Sport-Express article by Igor Rabiner , click here *
Traded to Pittsburgh
“ Later on , the Islanders had a new GM , Mike Milbury . I remember that once , on a plane , he swore at me , almost tearing his shirt off his chest : “ As long as I 'm with this team , you 'll be too. ” And the next day he calls me and says , “ We traded you . To Pittsburgh. ” I was crying , I really loved it in New York . And I almost went crazy out of this betrayal . And frankly speaking , I was worried about how the Penguins would greet me . [ Mario ] Lemieux and [ Jaromir ] Jagr were really important for them , and I had hit them so many times… And then it turned out that it was Lemieux himself who had the idea of the trade : “ Thank God you 're now playing for us . Although we 'll always have to wear our chest guards .
“ After a bit , I came to understand why that trade happened . The Islanders were bought by Dallas businessman John Spano . He had no money but promised to get $ 600 million for the team . He had some documents , but he soon fell into a legal investigation and was given ten years in jail . But he and Mario were friends , maybe . Mario wanted me on his team and Spano promised to please him . Thus Milbury was simply forced to trade me . But after a long time I recognized that I was simply hurt by such disloyalty : promise me that we 're together forever one day , and literally the next day trade me to another team .
“ Lemieux was a rogue . ( Laughs . ) In the sense that he always beat me at cards . Of course , superstars are a category of their own . I remember that he and Mark Messier had a new pair of skates for each game . They really used 50 to 60 pairs a year . They had special sticks too… If we talk about today 's superstars , I think that [ Alex ] Ovechkin is cooler than [ Sidney ] Crosby . But [ Ovechkin ] is my guy . But we mere mortals ca n't moan too . Only at the end of my career , I understood about money and what kind of money regular people earn . I 'm satisfied with my career . I would n't change anything . I just would like to have scored more .
“ Too bad that I never won the Stanley Cup , even if to win it I did everything I could and even more . In Pittsburgh , once during the playoffs , I broke my foot . I went to the arena on crutches just to watch the game from the stands . My first wife helped me into the car , which was truly hard for me . So I get there , get to the locker room , but everything is closed up . I tell the doctor : “ Just freeze it. ” So I get my foot in the skate , then I start skating in the pre-game warm-up , and I have no pain at all . So I was included in the lineup and played the whole game . During the games , you have such an adrenaline rush that you do n't feel any pain . But just try to imagine my wife 's shock when she saw me on the television ! She got me to the arena on crutches , and then I 'm on the ice and playing . This is why hockey players always help one another long after the end of their career . And not only hockey players . Some specialist described how 28 % of football players die because of the stress the game has on their body . They know it , but they keep on playing . They sacrifice their health for their teams . ”
New York Rangers
“ I 'll never forget July 1st , 2002 , when , at midnight , someone suddenly knocked on the door at my home in Long Island . It was New York Rangers vice-president Don Maloney . In his hands , he had a VHS tape and package from the team . The tape had a special video the Rangers had made for me , asking me to join their team . It included all the stars and even the actor Tim Robbins . I was amazed by such professional conduct . How could I refuse ? I was a UFA , and I had offers from the Rangers , Boston , and Toronto . I joined the Rangers mostly because I spent most of my North American life in New York , but this video and Lindros ' call were important too . And for the second time in my career I ended up on the same team with players I really annoyed : first with Lemieux , then with Lindros . And once again there were no problems .
“ It 's a pity that I was n't young anymore and playing for the Rangers I picked up a couple of nasty injuries . Objectively speaking , I did not play with the Rangers at the same level I did with other teams . But when I attend their games now and I meet their fans , I see that people still respect me . They knew that I gave 100 % , and this is the most important thing . And in those years we had a stacked roster , but we achieved nothing . When you have a big contract , the press and fans take note of you as a player , first of all , there is your salary . Such pressure is very hard to sustain . And in New York , it 's even harder . After the 2004 lockout , the Rangers were rebuilding . [ Brian ] Leetch and [ Alex ] Kovalev were traded , Messier and [ Pavel ] Bure stopped playing , Lindros signed with Toronto . Only Jagr remained among the stars . We were together again . And he broke the team 's records for both goals and points . Am I surprised about the way he plays ? Not at all . He has no wife , no girlfriends . What else can he do other than play hockey ? ( Laughs . )
“ Management wanted to buy out most of the contracts , including my contract . But I called them and said : “ I really want to stay with the team and do my best to help the franchise. ” So the coaches decided to sign me to the team again , and I was even named an alternate captain . And that season , after a long time , we finally got back into the playoffs . And on my initiative , at the end of the regular season , we thanked the crowd from the ice .
We were playing against Washington and won after the shootout . Every player had an attempt , I was the only one who was sitting on the bench . Marek Malik scored on Olaf Kolzig and after we were done celebrating I called all the players and said : “ Let 's raise our sticks and thank our fans. ” Everyone was looking at me like I was crazy , but they did it . Since then the team does it after every win at Madison Square Garden . Now every NHL team does it , and it was invented by us ! ”
http : //gty.im/57064223
Back at Home
“ I am a man of the world . I was born in Lithuania , played for Team Russia , my wife is from Sweden and I live in the US . A few years ago , when I already quit hockey , I started liking the idea of playing for Team Lithuania . The fact is that in order to be eligible , you have to play for five years in the local league . Even just one game a season . So it 's been three years that get there to play a game with the local team Hockey Punks . I even scored two goals ! You can imagine the level yourself . But it 's hard , and I 'm not really sure that I 'll reach my goal . In Lithuania I 've been told , “ Well , you played for Team Russia. ” What should I have done ? What hockey was there in Lithuania at the start of the 90s ? What was the level of the national team ? And I had no time to think . In Albertville [ at the 1992 Olympics ] , [ Team Russia manager ] Igor Tuzik told me , “ You can choose : Either you play for Team Russia or you go home. ” And it was a bit strange that I was asked that right before the first game when my thoughts were only about the game . And of course , I accepted without even thinking . ”
2004 lockout
“ When , during the 2004 lockout , I played for Ak Bars Kazan I swore I 'd never return to Russia . It was terrible , arenas , hotels . I had forgotten the Russian way of life . In Kazan the arena was terrible , not to mention places like Novokuznetsk or other cities . [ Head coach ] Zinetula Bilyaletdinov tried to manage things the old school way and get us staying at the baza all the time , but it did n't work too well . Even though we had a great team , from [ Ilya ] Kovalchuk to [ Alex ] Kovalev , from [ Vinny ] Lecavalier to [ Dany ] Heatley , the assembled World Class stars were brought together late and could n't create chemistry in such a tournament . We did n't have enough time to adapt . After we lost in the first round to Lokomotiv Yaroslavl , the locker room was silent . No one was expecting that . I was very surprised that no one , including stars like Kovalchuk or Kovalev , could spark some life into the team by playing the puck and showing their skills . It meant that the team did not play . ”
In the KHL
“ Then , in 2007 , the Rangers assigned me to SKA . I was still under contract with New York , and I was sent down to the AHL . In Hartford , I was told , “ What are you doing here ? This is a league for young players , we prepare them to play in the NHL . You already achieved a lot. ” And then I was asked if I wanted to get back to Russia . I was surprised but I replied that I wanted to play high-level hockey . I was offered to Avangard Omsk but I looked at where Omsk was on the map and decided to reject their offer . I thought that it would have been too much of a shock for me .
“ So , it was SKA . I agreed and the teams came to an agreement as well . And my salary was still paid up by the Rangers . Playing under Barry Smith , I was very surprised in a positive way . The level was much higher compared to the three years before . I really enjoyed the KHL , watching it from a close distance . I do n't know what the problems are now with the Ruble course , but getting to St. Petersburg I was very surprised about the professionalism of the league . I frankly was n't expecting that . And there were no bazas anymore . We got there before the games just to avoid getting stuck in traffic and taking a nap .
“ Unfortunately , I could not show my best side there . I played one season then I signed a two-year contract . And then I tore my groin muscle , underwent four surgeries , and the doctors told me that I 'd be better off retiring . Management offered me to join Ivan Zanatta 's staff . Things did n't go well and Zanatta was fired . Then the new head coach [ Czech Vaclav ] Sykora decided to work more closely with his fellow countryman Jan Votruba and I was sent to the stands to take stats . I was n't happy about it and left the team .
“ I spent the next six months with my wife at her home in Sweden . At first , I loved it but then I understood that I was too used to America . And it was hard without knowing the language . The winter was cold and dark . When I was an active player , I did not pay attention to the weather as I was in the locker room all the time and was thinking only about hockey . But having more free time , I understood that I did not like that weather . But I had a flat in Miami and I asked my wife to move there , where we still live . I knew that if things did n't go well in hockey , I could find my path in other areas . And I do not regret anything .
Back to the US and Family Matters
“ I met my third wife in New York when I was playing with the Rangers . She was playing basketball in the NCAA for the Fordham University . It was the 2007 summer , and there were all sorts of problems with the team and I was in my contract year . I wanted to prepare myself as best I could for the new season . We ran together in the park , visited the gym . And fell in love . I have five kids now . I have an older daughter with my first wife and four kids with my third wife . I could n't even imagine that ! When we were together for the second year , she signed a one-year contract with an Italian team . I was flying all the time from St. Petersburg to Rome . And she would fly to me . And at the end of the season , she was pregnant with twins . We decided to give birth to them in Sweden . A couple of years later , in St. Petersburg , we had a son and in Florida I had my fifth child . When I fly somewhere , the guys at the passport control go crazy : I was born in Lithuania , with wife and twins in Sweden , two kids in the USA and another one in Russia .
“ I play an active role in their growing up and they are teaching me a lot of things . Early on , I was thinking about giving them some toys to keep them busy but I quickly understood that you ca n't act that way . As a father , especially with so many kids , you have to be as disciplined as you are on the ice . If I was a coach or a manager then I 'd have to move around the whole world . And I think that forcing my family to change environments season after season would not be right . Sometimes you have to sacrifice something for the good of your family . My family is my number one priority and I do not want to move anywhere . It would be too much of a mess with such a large family .
“ I played hockey with my kids and decided not to accept an offer from the Florida Panthers as they did not have a concrete spot in their lineup for me . Then I received another offer from someone to open a real estate business . “ You have the needed experience , I have a good name and many contacts , ” he said . And we went on . Of course , it was hard at first but I understood that it 's not too different from sports : You have to make the right decision and not be afraid to make a mistake . If you do n't free yourself from that fear , you will not achieve anything . I learned a lot of things in those two years and this job is very interesting . I 'm at the company 's office from 10AM to 5PM . I 'm still not used to it , same with sending dozens of emails every day . My favourite thing is to participate in meetings , but try not to make them too long . And of course , I make sure I play hockey at least two times a week . You always need to work off your stress… ”
Related : Part One : Darius Kasparaitis ' Life
LAST FEBRUARY , attorney Anisha Gupta represented a Latino man charged with two misdemeanors : trespassing and resisting arrest . At her client 's arraignment , the first appearance before a judge where a bail determination is made , Gupta thought her client would be quickly let out on his own recognizance — meaning a release without posting bail ; the prosecution was not even asking for bail to be set .
The judge interrupted proceedings , however , and in open court announced that Gupta 's client , who spoke no English , had a terrorist watchlist notation on the last page of his record of arrest and prosecution , better known as a rap sheet .
In New York , the first part of an individual 's rap sheet lists his or her in-state criminal history , obtained from the New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services , or DCJS . The last part shows any criminal history that occurred out of state or at the federal level . Gupta typically considered the last pages to be of little relevance for court hearings in the Bronx , because they are frequently rife with errors . Judges and prosecutors do n't tend to focus on them , according to Gupta .
“ I said to her , ‘ Judge , I do n't think he 's on the terrorist watchlist . There are so many errors on the last pages of people 's rap sheets , ' ” recalled Gupta , who works in the criminal defense practice of the Bronx Defenders . “ And the judge said , ‘ Well , counsel , I 've never seen this terrorist watchlist thing . We 're going to have to check on it . I 'm not going to release him . ' ”
“ Counsel , he could be a sleeper , ” the judge continued , according to Gupta .
Gupta 's client is one of an unknown number of criminal defendants who have found out their name is on the terrorism watchlist because a judge , prosecutor , or public defender noticed a notation on their rap sheet while they were in court on an unrelated matter . The notations are provided by the National Crime Information Center , or NCIC , an FBI-run database of criminal records that is used by virtually every law enforcement agency in the U.S. to investigate suspects the agencies encounter .
That database includes information culled from the Terrorist Screening Database , or TSDB , which is known as the “ watchlist ” and overseen by the FBI 's Terrorist Screening Center . The watchlist includes hundreds of thousands of names . Getting arrested and going through airport security are currently the only ways for individuals to find out if they are on the terrorism watchlist , since the list is only seen by law enforcement and is not available to the public , even to those included on the list . There are no available numbers for how many criminal defendants are on the terrorist watchlist .
The placement of terror watchlist notations on rap sheets highlights the broad dissemination of the list , which has ballooned in size since the September 11 attacks . Every police force in the country has access to the NCIC , which includes files of information on people collected from lists like the sex offender and terrorism databases . When a police officer enters a name into this database , any watchlist information associated with that person comes up . This is how a routine traffic stop can turn into a terrorism investigation .
Civil liberties advocates believe that being included on the watchlist — which happens with little oversight and sometimes with no concrete proof of terrorist activity — could have an unfair impact on the treatment of those who interact with the police and the criminal court system . And attorneys from the Creating Law Enforcement Accountability and Responsibility project at CUNY School of Law , known as CLEAR , say including the watchlist notations on rap sheets is a violation of DCJS regulations because the notations do nothing to establish a criminal record and can be inaccurate . CLEAR attorneys also say the dissemination of watchlist information to judges and prosecutors runs counter to federal policy stating that the watchlist should be used for investigative purposes — not for criminal justice purposes like setting bail .
“ The federal watchlists that the compilers of rap sheets draw on for these notations are notoriously arbitrary and inaccurate . People are placed on these lists without ever being told why or given an opportunity to contest their listing . And the lists appear to focus disproportionately on individuals with Muslim-sounding names , ” said Ramzi Kassem , an associate professor at CUNY School of Law and the founder and director of CLEAR , in an email .
New York 's Division of Criminal Justice Services “ provides criminal justice agencies with criminal history records on file with New York state , the FBI , and other states , in addition to information contained in the FBI 's NCIC database , which includes terrorism watchlist information , ” said Janine Kava , a spokesperson for DCJS . She added that the criminal justice agencies that receive the information “ are in the best position to determine whether or how the information they are permitted to receive should be used in a particular case , consistent with federal and state laws and regulations . ”
Gupta found her client 's watchlist notation strange , however . The first and last names did not match her client 's at all . They were common Muslim names , whereas her client was a Spanish speaker with a very common Latino name . The only detail on the watchlist notation that matched her client was the birthdate .
Despite the different names , Gupta 's client was forced to sit in jail for a few more hours after his arraignment because of the watchlist notation . Eventually , for reasons not disclosed to Gupta , court officers told the judge that her client was not a threat , and he was released . After he got out , he called Gupta and asked , “ Do people think I 'm a terrorist ? ”
Rap sheet errors are extremely common : One study by the Legal Action Center estimated that at least 2.1 million rap sheets in New York contain mistakes . Adding information from the error-riddled terror watchlist — a 2009 Justice Department audit found that over a third of the names on the watchlist were based on outdated information — onto already error-prone rap sheets is bound to compound this problem .
The watchlist has drawn increasing criticism in recent years as its numbers have exploded . More than 40 percent of the people on the watchlist — who number over 680,000 — are not linked to any specific terrorist group , according to an Intercept investigation published in 2014 . In 2011 , the FBI revealed that people could remain on the list even if they were acquitted on terrorism-related charges in criminal court .
“ You have the word ‘ terrorist ' printed on a rap sheet that a judge is looking at to determine whether to release someone or to set bail and , in effect , ensure that they remain behind bars . That notation is very loaded . I think judges , just like anybody else , are subject to the same biases and prejudices that exist in the rest of the community , ” said Gupta . “ The fact that your freedom could be taken away based on a mysterious designation you did n't even know about , and that is probably wrong , is a very scary thing indeed . ”
The inclusion of the information on rap sheets shows how the war on terror 's dragnet is ensnaring criminal defendants faced with charges that have nothing to do with terrorism .
“ The notations can distort how the criminal justice system interacts with a defendant — it can make it more likely that the prosecutor will dig in his heels , that the judge will set a higher bail or deny it outright , that a harsher sentence is meted out , or that parole is denied , ” said CLEAR 's Kassem . “ Outside of the criminal justice system , these rap sheet notations can cost someone their taxi driver 's license or lead a police officer to treat them more harshly during a routine traffic stop . ”
In another case handled by the Bronx Defenders , a defendant with a common Muslim name was arrested in the Bronx in February 2014 for driving while intoxicated . Molly Schindler , the attorney who represented the man , said he had no prior criminal record . But he did have a terrorist watchlist notation on his rap sheet .
The notation listed a first name starkly different from her client 's , but an identical last name and birthdate .
After the arrest , the police held the defendant 's car as evidence for the upcoming case , even though it could not be brought into a courtroom . In April of that year , Schindler called an assistant district attorney to ask for the release of the car . He refused , however , because of the watchlist notation . “ He saw the rap sheet notation , and he said , ‘ I want to check with the feds in case they need to make sure there 's no bomb in the car or something , ' ” Schindler recalled in an interview .
About a week later , the state agreed to release the car , which Schindler 's client needed to get to work . The client eventually pleaded guilty to a noncriminal traffic infraction for driving while intoxicated .
The Intercept reviewed three instances of watchlist notation on rap sheets in New York . These notations can also show up on criminal records in other states . Washington State Patrol and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , for instance , both told The Intercept that watchlist notations appear on criminal record histories in their states .
The notations assert that the individuals have “ possible ties ” to terrorism and instruct law enforcement to contact the Terrorist Screening Center . They also say , “ Do not advise this individual that they are on a terrorist watch list . ”
The watchlist notations on rap sheets can also have severe consequences for people 's lives outside of the criminal justice system .
In February 2015 , a Yemeni immigrant who asked that his name not be used was being arraigned on second-degree assault charges in New York County Criminal Court when his lawyer told him he was on the terrorism watchlist . Though the charges he faced ( which have since been dropped ) had nothing to do with terrorism , there was a notation on his rap sheet stating he was on the watchlist .
“ I went crazy , and I was screaming , ” he said through a translator in a phone interview . “ I told [ my lawyer ] I am not a terrorist , and I do n't know any terrorists . Me and my family members , or even people from my town , we have nothing to do with this . I do n't know what this means . ”
His life took a turn for the worse after he got out of jail 24 hours later . He told friends and his employer at a grocery store about his watchlist ordeal , but instead of offering support , they shunned him . He lost his job and said nobody talks to him or picks up his phone calls anymore .
“ Everybody 's saying , ‘ If I hire you , there might be problems for me , ' ” he said . A green card holder , he worries that being labeled a terrorist might impact his citizenship prospects .
Civil liberties advocates have long criticized the criteria used to put a person in the database as shoddy and based on an elastic standard of “ reasonable suspicion. ” The FBI-run Terrorist Screening Center says an individual is included on the list when he or she “ is reasonably suspected to be , or have been , engaged in conduct constituting , in preparation for , in aid of , or related to terrorism and terrorist activities. ” In its briefing on the watchlist , the American Civil Liberties Union states that this standard is “ baffling and circular ” in that “ it essentially defines a suspected terrorist as a suspected terrorist ” and “ lacks any requirement that an individual knowingly engage in wrongful conduct . ”
Even celebrated political leaders like former Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy and South African leader Nelson Mandela have been mistakenly placed on the watchlist .
In a November 2012 letter to DCJS , attorneys from CLEAR and the Fordham University School of Law protested the placement of watchlist information on rap sheets , because it does not establish a criminal record .
“ We are concerned about the prejudicial effect the inclusion of this opaque , yet toxic , information has on our clients ' cases and lives , ” the attorneys ' letter said . “ Such contaminated information has no place on a document that plays a critical role in the adjudication of important matters pending in criminal courts . ”
The division responded in February 2013 , saying that it is authorized to share information beyond a criminal record — like watchlist notations — with relevant agencies . While the letter said DCJS would further review the issue , the law schools have not heard back from the agency since that time .
Studio Khara announced on Wednesday that animator and director Shoichi Masuo passed away on Monday at 11:36 a.m. while under medical care for an unspecified illness . He was 57 . His close relatives will hold a private wake and funeral service .
Masuo is a noted key animator who specialized in mechanical and effects animation . He started out as an animator in Studio Giants , working on such anime as Sengoku Majin Goshōgun . He was the assistant animation director for the 1984 anime film The Super Dimension Fortress Macross : Do You Remember Love ? , where he met future Gainax co-founder Hideaki Anno on the film 's key animation staff . After working on Project A-Ko in 1986 as a key animator and mecha animation director , he moved to Gainax , where he worked as assistant director for Royal Space Force - The Wings of Honnêamise , and as key animator , technical director , and mechanical designer for such anime as Gunbuster , Otaku no Video , Nadia - The Secret of Blue Water , Neon Genesis Evangelion , His and Her Circumstances , and Gunbuster 2 : Diebuster . He also worked on anime outside of Gainax , such as Akira and Giant Robo . He is credited for mecha design for The Irresponsible Captain Tylor , and was the animation supervisor and mechanical director for the 6 Angels film .
Masuo has directed such anime as Crimson Wolf , Countdown , Submarine 707R , and Demonbane .
When Anno left Gainax and founded Studio Khara to work on his new Evangelion anime films , Masuo followed as a key animator as well as a special effects and action director up until the third and most recent film . Among his last credits were the storyboards for the Hakuoki : Demon of the Fleeting Blossom : Wild Dance of Kyoto film and key animation for the Arpeggio of Blue Steel television anime .
Sources : Sponichi Annex , Anipages ( Ben Ettinger ) via Yaraon !
`` We will not allow degenerates to carry out their fantasies on this land , which our ancestors left us by paying a heavy price , '' said Kursat Mican , head of the Istanbul division of the ultra-nationalist youth group the Alperen Hearths , at a press conference earlier this month . `` We are not responsible for what will happen after this point ... If you 're not taught by experience , you 're taught by a beating . ''
Security in the city is already tight after a series of bombings in recent months blamed on the Islamic State and Kurdish militants . An ultra-nationalist youth group had also threatened violence if the march went ahead , calling it immoral .
The Istanbul governor 's office last week said the march had been called off out of concern for public order . Organizers canceled the annual march , which had been carried out largely peacefully since 2003 , after authorities deployed hundreds of riot police near the main Taksim square .
Turkish police detained 19 people and fired tear gas in central Istanbul on Sunday to disperse dozens who attempted to march in a banned gay pride parade .
Read more
Turkish police detained 19 people and fired tear gas in central Istanbul on Sunday to disperse dozens who attempted to march in a banned gay pride parade .
The Istanbul governor 's office last week said the march had been called off out of concern for public order . Organizers canceled the annual march , which had been carried out largely peacefully since 2003 , after authorities deployed hundreds of riot police near the main Taksim square .
Related : Islamic State members caught plotting attack on transgender march , Turkey says
Security in the city is already tight after a series of bombings in recent months blamed on the Islamic State and Kurdish militants . An ultra-nationalist youth group had also threatened violence if the march went ahead , calling it immoral .
Policemen keep attacking and harassing pro-LGBT demonstrators in Istanbul 's Taksim . # LoveWins pic.twitter.com/UJOQdnUE4J— Turkey Untold ( @ TurkeyUntold ) June 26 , 2016
`` We will not allow degenerates to carry out their fantasies on this land , which our ancestors left us by paying a heavy price , '' said Kursat Mican , head of the Istanbul division of the ultra-nationalist youth group the Alperen Hearths , at a press conference earlier this month . `` We are not responsible for what will happen after this point ... If you 're not taught by experience , you 're taught by a beating . ''
Homosexuality is not a crime in Turkey , unlike some other Muslim countries , but homophobia remains widespread . Critics say President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the Islamist-rooted AK Party he founded have shown little interest in expanding rights for minorities , gays , and women , and are intolerant of dissent .
Polis Mis Sokak'ta ? sl ? klar ? n ard ? ndan aniden gaz atarak sokakta bekleyen insanlara ve bas ? na sald ? rd ? . # da ? ? l ? yoruz pic.twitter.com/vx2pOBybns— Begum Basdas ( @ BegumBasdas ) June 26 , 2016
Last year , police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse pride marchers . Organizers said the government refused to sanction the event because it coincided with the holy month of Ramadan , as it did again this year .
Volker Beck , a member of the German Bundestag and a veteran gay rights activist , was among those briefly detained . Two other German citizens were also detained .
`` They did nothing wrong . They were put into a police car , '' Bundestag told Reuters as police officers tried to force him into a taxi , telling him he should hold his news conference in his own country .
Plastik mermiden biz de gözlemciler olarak nasibimizi ald ? k . Mis Sokak'ta polis yine herkesi da ? ? tt ? . # da ? ? l ? yoruz pic.twitter.com/4NGoyour2x— Begum Basdas ( @ BegumBasdas ) June 26 , 2016
Some foreign diplomats who attended the event in previous years sent solidarity messages this week via social media . The Swedish Consulate held a reception , while the Norway delegation co-organized a boat trip .
John Bass , US ambassador to Turkey , posted a picture on his Instagram account showing a rainbow flag flying in the garden of the US embassy in Ankara .
`` It reminds all of us that human rights are universal rights and belong to everyone , no matter who they love , '' he wrote .
Pride parades were held in cities around the world on Sunday , including in Orlando , Florida , where a gunman killed 49 people at a gay nightclub earlier this month .
Related : After Orlando , Pride festivals in Toronto , London , and New York all boost security
Follow VICE News on Twitter : @ vicenews
I love taking long showers
I do all of my most introspective thinking in the shower ; I remember in college when I 'd inevitably have 3 a.m. writer 's block hours before a paper deadline , I 'd take a twenty minute shower and I 'd have a burst of inspiration ( I accept that I 'm opening myself up to masturbation jokes here but whatever ) . When I feel shitty or am in a terrible mood , standing under a stream of hot water for half an hour is an effective , healthier and less disruptive alternative than downing six shots of whiskey and ripping through Marlboros ( which for my money can remedy nearly any mental tribulation ) . I 'm standing up ( i.e . not in danger of passing out ) , external noises are drowned out , and there 's nothing to look at ; my surroundings are devoid of any distraction . It 's one of the few times that I am able to clear my head .
When I came across a life hack that was supposed to improve circulation , combat depression , strengthen immunity , increase testosterone , and increase energy , I was interested until I found out I would have to give up my hot shower meditation hour .
The routine is simple : get in , turn the water to frigid , and let the shrinkage commence . Do this for 30 days , try to stay in for at least five minutes , and see how you feel .
I drink too much , too often , and in return for my loyalty to the gods of Bourbon County I 've been “ blessed ” with hangovers that rival childbirth and dismemberment on the pain scale . We 're talking 48 hour ordeals of the deepest parts of hell . So Sunday night when I began this challenge , I was shooting par for the hangover course : vertigo , nausea , and worst of all , severe anxiety ; Sunday nights are typically sleepless bouts of worrying about getting fired Monday morning for being such a delinquent all weekend . It seemed like the perfect night to push a cold shower off until another perfect night , but after an extensive and well argued inner debate , I finally cajoled myself into hopping into the shower and giving the faucet a quarter turn , about 180 degrees ( incidentally this applies to both the rotation of the faucet and the temperature of the water ) shy of my preferred temperature of about 200 degrees .
As my booze-ravaged body realized what was happening , I became less aware of my hangover and more aware of what I thought were razor blades running across my skin .
It was awful . I 've never been exposed to sarin gas , but I imagine I would 've been shaking less had it been pouring through the shower head instead of what I 'm pretty sure was liquid nitrogen .
All I could think was : “ why in the actual fuck am I doing this again ? ”
Standing there cross-armed , totally miserable , I turned around in circles to let the ice water hit every part of me , so I could n't accuse myself of half-assing it . As I try to determine whether I 'm actually seeing my breath or if I 'm just hallucinating , I realize that I 'm getting mildly accustomed to it . It 's not terrible ; obviously it 's no bubble bath with Kate Beckinsale , but it 's manageable . No longer trembling ( which might have just been the onset of hypothermia ) , I rinse off , stand there for another 30 seconds just to get my money 's worth , and turn it off .
I did it . That was pretty terrible , but afterward I felt amazing… like more awake… the kind of feeling you get after chugging a bunch of whiskey or putting a cigarette out on your arm . Man-things .
As I dried off , I felt accomplished and proud of myself for having done it . It 's kind of like doing squats in the gym if you have an aversion to leg day : the first day , it 's fucking terrible , and then you slowly get used to it , and then you 're stoked just to have the opportunity to do an exercise where you can put up a shit ton of weight on your shoulders and push it to the sky . That 's what a cold shower is like .
After the first day , I expected freezing my balls off on a daily basis to get less painful . I was wrong . About a week into the challenge , I realized for the first time that my hands had lost all color and my palms were turning slightly blue . But I was n't any less uncomfortable than when I had begun .
That said , I ended up taking cold showers for around 6 weeks because as terrible as the cold was , I ca n't overstate how much better I felt after taking one . My shower time is usually spent in contemplation , thinking about how the day went and how I need tomorrow to go . This is why it generally takes 10-20 minutes ; I 've got a lot to think about as I tend to be a bit of a compulsive worrier . Sure , getting out of a sauna-shower I feel a bit refreshed , water has that effect on people .
But the effect is so much different with a cold shower ; you 're spending 5 minutes thinking about how fucking miserable this cold fucking water is ; in truth , it 's the only time of day I 'm not thinking about work or relationships or global warming or what have you . While the water is freezing , you 're too uncomfortable to obsess over minutia and too busy trying to keep your blood flowing . And when you get out of the shower , your problems are n't waiting for you in the land of the warm : like a strained muscle , the ice water makes the swelling go down and they feel more manageable . If you could force yourself into dealing with an ice shower , you think , you can face the problems coming up and forget about those looming over you .
Life is pretty easy for us . We do n't really have to worry about getting killed in our sleep by predators , or getting dysentery on the Oregon Trail , or having to chase herds of buffalo to feed our families . In turn , a lot of us have never really had to develop mental toughness , the quality of being able to roll with the punches or the ability to deal with being out of our element . Forcing yourself to take a cold shower is you making a conscious decision to push yourself outside of your comfort zone and into a situation that you are totally able to manipulate but decline to do so .
And after a month of doing this , I can say with certainty that the water does not get more comfortable . You do n't get to a point where cold water is refreshing ( I did this in November/December in Chicago , so it 's not like I was seeking refreshment from sweltering heat ) ; on day 30 your junk still shrivels and your hands still turn blue just like they did on the first day . There is one difference : getting in is n't nearly the struggle it once was . You learn to deal with being uncomfortable and being cold . And you 'll notice it in other aspects of your life : cold weather does n't kill your vibe like it once did , minutia at work do n't keep you awake at night . You do n't sweat the small stuff as much , awkward small talk seems less stressful , and deadlines do n't appear as ominous as before .
So force yourself outside of your comfort zone
Photo Credit : 1 , 2
It 's been just over 45 years since the Apollo Moon landings , and some would have it that we are failing to build big anymore ; that we 've since become too fascinated with the small , too impressed by our tablet computers , games consoles , and smartphones that we do n't invest in grand , world-changing engineering projects .
Stand on the bridge of a container ship docked in a mega-port in Korea , however , and it 's clear that 's just not true . The global supply chain that brings us those tablets and phones , and pretty much everything else from our clothes and food to our toys and souvenirs , is nothing short of a moon shot itself – a vast , unprecedented engineering solution to a truly astronomical logistics problem . The fact that it 's hidden from most people 's sight , and that it has become so utterly reliable and efficient to the point of transparency , does n't make it any less of an achievement of human technical endeavour .
To find out more about this huge , invisible network , I accompanied a group of architects and designers called the Unknown Fields Division for a rare voyage on a container ship between Korea and China . The aim of the trip was to follow the supply chain back to some of the remotest parts of China and the source of our consumer goods – and what we saw as we travelled through mega-ports and across oceans looked closer to science fiction than reality .
Early rise
We 're picked up at 9am from our guesthouse in the Korean city of Busan by a local 'ground agent ' for the shipping company Maersk , whose ship will be carrying us for the next week . They have at least one of these personnel handlers in every major port in the world , their job being to ensure crew members make their way through each country 's unique and complex maze of customs and immigration bureaucracy , and on to their ships on time .
If you were asked to name some multi-national corporate brands you could probably reel off half a dozen , from Apple to Coca-Cola , but chances are that Maersk would n't spring to mind . Yet the Danish shipping giant is the very definition of a multi-national corporation , with over 25,000 employees , 345 offices in 125 countries , 600 active ships , and more than 2 million containers moved every year . The company is estimated to be responsible for 20 % of Denmark 's GDP on its own . Maersk might not make any of the things you buy in shops , but it more than likely put a lot of them there .
As we drive along , Busan 's dense mass of high-rise apartment blocks gives way to what will be one of the defining images of the next seven days ; the giant cranes that line every major port in the world . Soon we 're into the depths of Busan New Port itself , and speeding past endless , towering stacks of shipping containers until we 're finally dwarfed by the huge , blue mass of the Maersk Seletar , the 320m- ( 1,050ft- ) long , 80,000 tonnes , 9,000 container capacity ships that will be my home for the next seven days .
It 's not until we get out on to the towering balconies around the ship 's bridge and look back at Busan that we 're fully able to first comprehend the scale and nature of these Asian mega-ports . It feels like we 're being given a rare look into a usually hidden space , a peek at the intricate but city-scaled machinery of global capitalism .
From that viewpoint – essentially high above the sea , looking into land – it 's easiest to describe the ports as a sequence of layers . First , towering above and over the ship , are the loading cranes . Vast structures mounted on huge , four-legged frames , they resemble the naked scaffolding of unbuilt skyscrapers , and trigger nostalgic reminders of Saturn V rocket launch towers from the 1960s . Their sheer size makes them the first thing you see when you arrive at any port – whether from land or sea , and as staggering as they are they do n't make their full impact until you see them move .
Future gaze
Built on tracks in the surface of the harbour-side , they slide left and right , parallel to the berthed ships , accompanied by a cacophony of warning sounds and robotic safety announcements . Once in port at night I saw one suddenly fire into life next to the ship in a stroboscopic explosion of lights , before it tracked slowly above my high vantage point , bathing me in the orange glow of a dozen small halogen suns . It was an intense experience .
The second layer in from the cranes are the trucks ; a constant loop of circling , diesel-belching flatbeds . Endlessly , they arrive at the bottom of the vast cranes , seemingly one every minute when the port is at its busiest , stopping in precise locations so the crane drivers can either pluck their containers off their backs and on to the ships , or drop a freshly unloaded container straight on to them , before the trucks instantly pull away and head inland .
It 's a hypnotic , fascinating dance to watch : the cranes lifting containers off the ships , the trucks pulling up in time to catch them as they are elegantly lowered down on steel cables . The complex and precise orchestration behind every move is almost bewildering to comprehend . The ships never unload everything at just one port – that 'd be hugely inefficient for these vast , globe-orbiting warehouses – so the crane drivers need to know which one to take off and when , just as the truck drivers need to know where to take each one they collect .
It 's the kind of logistical information that it 's hard to imagine any one human mind comprehending , and the truth is no single one does – this is distributed knowledge , managed by Maersk 's vast world-spanning computer network and shaped and interpreted by complex , similarly unknowable , algorithms . In a very real sense the crane and truck drivers are little more than elements in a vast robotic system , receiving instructions in their cabs from their computerised managers , following orders on endless cycles until their shift ends .
Not that there is n't a certain amount of pride in their work , as regimented and alienating as it might seem – it 's not unusual to see the cranes decorated with awards and badges announcing record breaking container shifting performances . At the same time it 's also impossible not to be struck by the precariousness of their job security ; with so much managed by the network it must surely only be a matter of time before the system evolves enough to remove the human element entirely . In fact , ports like Rotterdam in the Netherlands have already moved to fully automated systems , with driverless trucks and robotic cranes .
Stacked neighbours
Layer three , sat behind the cranes and trucks , is the most easily recognisable image from the whole process : the container stacks . From the bridge of the Seletar they look like row upon row of repeating , multicoloured Lego bricks , six units high , each straddled by multiple cranes – miniature versions of the ship loaders , sliding back and forth on rails . These cranes continually shuffle the position of the containers within the stacks themselves , following the algorithmic wisdom of the network to ensure everything is in the most efficient position possible ; cargo heading backwards and forwards , inland and out .
At every port we arrived at , the three layers – cranes , trucks , containers – seemed fundamentally the same , standardised with only the occasional exception . The Taiwanese port of Kaohsiung uses small , fast moving , mini cranes instead of trucks – oddly top-heavy looking skeletal machines that bounce along on huge moon-buggy tyres . They swarm endlessly like busy robots , their blue or yellow frames smeared in grease and grime , discharging black clouds of diesel smog .
It 's only layer four that displays any individualisation – the landscapes beyond the ports . In Busan it was housing blocks branded with corporation logos nestling beneath green mountains . And at Shanghai 's Yangshan Deep Water Port it was the six-lane , 20 mile long Donghai bridge , built to carry the constant flow of container trucks in and out from the port , built on a vast artificial island .
Dark skies
After three days at sea , we reach the city of Ningbo . Arriving into port at night we are presented with an almost nightmare vision , a Blade Runner-like landscape of glowing lights and smokestacks painting the low cloud ceiling orange . We 'd been delayed going in as the black shadow of a ship owned by French giant CMA CGM slid gently past . It towers above ours , with a startling 18,000 container capacity . As soon as we hit port-side the cranes fired into life , the trucks queuing up as though impatient to make up the delayed time .
The next morning , unable to sleep , I rise at 4.30am and head for the top of the ship again , eager to see the port in daylight . The industrial landscape in front of me is vast and awful : a huge coal burning power station fed directly by incoming bulk carrier ships sits right on the port-side , its towers filling the sky with black , while the landscape behind is filled with refineries , gas storage plants , and tightly huddled together housing blocks . You can not only see the pollution – the vast carbon footprint of this industrial network – but taste it in the air . As much talk and concern as there is in the West about the environmental impact of China 's economic dominance , it 's easy to forget how much of that impact the Chinese people are taking as a direct hit themselves , as much for the West 's benefit as their own .
It 's not just onshore environments that containerisation has shaped and transformed . The surfaces of our planet 's oceans – for centuries a space of mystery and myth , of expanse and desolation – have been rationalised and shrunk . Once an enigmatic , awe-inspiring place , the sea has become a zone of efficiency , little more than another channel for the automated supply chain network .
Over the course of seven days there was n't a single time when I stood on the bridge of the Seletar , even when deep at sea , that I could n't look out and see other container ships , and a brief scan of the horizon with binoculars would usually reveal four or five more . The implications are even more startling when nearing a port , and seeing dozens of vast ships held at anchorage , lined up like trucks in a parking lot . The sea has become dominated by GPS tracking and autopiloted navigation , where the shipping routes are more than just vague geographical gestures , but instead precise spaces traced out both by computerised charts and physical markers , with deep sea buoys marking lanes like the painted lines on road surfaces .
Human shift
Change the sea and change ships and it 's impossible to not also change seafarers , although perhaps the impact containerisation has had on ship crews is a little more subtle . Certainly , like the crane and truck drivers back at the port , there 's a certain sense of alienation from the cargo . Nobody on the ship knows what lies inside the containers the ship carries .
There are exceptions of course ; hazardous materials must be declared , as must the contents of the refrigerated containers – known in the industry as reefers . The reefers themselves are fascinating pieces of technology , basic containers outfitted to be advanced climate controlled , computer monitored micro-environments . Checking the reefers are running is the crew 's only tangible , direct responsibility for the cargo beyond ensuring it arrives on time . Even so , it is still highly computer-controlled ; the ship 's captain , Brian Argent , tells me that the crew 's emails piggy-back off a satellite uplink designed keep an eye on the reefers , transmitting status updates thousands of miles back to land so that the company 's computers know about a problem before the ship 's crew does .
And that 's not all the ship receives emails about : Maersk regularly sends Argent and his senior officers messages informing him of course changes or of what speed to take . Even the captain has become just another node in the network , the running of his ship dictated by the unseen algorithms .
The myth of the seafarer as the drunken adventurer with “ a girl in every port ” could n't be further from the truth , with shore leave a rarity , and ports so far from urban centres that day leave excursions become little more than trips to out-of-town shopping malls to stock up on essentials such as shampoo , shower gel , and snacks . But for most of the Seletar 's crew – made up of mainly Indian , Filipino , and Chinese seafarers – the reasons for going to sea are the same as they ever were : to make money that can be sent home to their wives , children , and parents .
And even the sense of distance from their families shrunk , thanks to the Seletar 's satellite internet access . It 's slow and patchy , but it 's enough for the crew to maintain daily communication with home – with most of them spending a sizable chunk of their free time crouching in corridors and stairwells with smartphones and laptops , trying to find the elusive wi-fi signal so they can talk to home , send messages to loved ones , and connect to Facebook .
It 's a fascinating sight at first , and within a few days I find myself doing the exact same thing . I 'd initially thought it might be fun – healthy even – to truly escape the internet and life back home for a few days . That was before I realised what the Seletar really was , saw how it was just another node in the network , another rationalised point in the global infrastructure , a bridge between the physical and digital . Once I saw that , I knew it was time to abandon my romantic notions of being away at sea , that it was pointless to resist the lure of the network , and found myself squatting in the stairwell between Decks C and D , trying to get reconnected .
Share this story on Facebook , Google+ or Twitter .
Read the first instalment in this series , where Tim Maughan and the Unknown Fields group visits the Chinese city of Yiwu , the real home of Christmas .
This trip was organised and funded by the Unknown Fields Division , a group of architects , academics and designers at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London .
Sega of Japan has released its streaming guidelines for the game Puyo Puyo Tetris , which is getting a port to the Nintendo Switch . Here 's the translation of the guidelines :
Videos of any gameplay ca n't be posted for profit unless the website you upload it to already has a mechanism for copyright takedowns .
Nothing from Adventure Mode , or replays from Adventure Mode , can be uploaded .
Any other modes can be uploaded as long as you follow the first rule .
You can not modify the Sega watermark that gets slapped on videos recorded using the XB1/PS4 share feature , you need to accompany every video you post with the copyright notice .
These restrictions are noticeably strict . This is sure to cause frustrations for streamers and YouTubers wanting to showcase Puyo Puyo Tetris for their viewers . According to Game Informer , these rules only apply to the Japanese version of the game .
When asked about these guidelines , Sega of America said this :
“ We highly encourage our American and European fans to stream Puyo Puyo Tetris when it comes out ( there are no PS4 share button restrictions ) . We want them to share their experiences with the world , but we do ask them to please be conscious of revealing Adventure Mode story cutscenes . ”
So it seems that American and European gamers will be able to stream the game almost at will . While this may be a relief to some , Japanese fans will still be under restrictions .
Via
Nurse Practitioner Recruiting
Nurse Practitioners have quickly become the health partner of choice for thousands of medical practices across the nation . By blending clinical expertise with an added emphasis on disease prevention and health management , NPs work autonomously and in collaboration with health care professionals to provide a full range of primary , acute , and specialty health care services .
Our recruitment model is tailor-made to attract , engage , and introduce the NP that is genuinely interested in working for a practice like yours . Partnering with our team ensures that your job vacancy will be filled with the ideal provider faster than traditional methods .
Make Hiring Easy
- Tell us about your open opportunity
- We 'll recruit from hundreds of applicants and introduce you to the top 2-3
- You only pay us when you hire the Nurse Practitioner you need
Give us a call at 1-888-812-3452 ext . 1 or fill out the form to the right to discuss your hiring need , your practice , and how our services can benefit you .
An Indonesian customs officer inspects illegal logs placed inside containers at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port in 2011 .
Organised crime is now a big player in illegal logging , which accounts for up to 30 percent of all wood traded globally , the UN and Interpol warned on Thursday .
In the mid-2000s , some tropical countries reported a fall in illicit forest clearance , but this may well have been a mirage , they said .
In fact , criminals laundered profits into tree plantation companies .
They used these as fronts for driving corridors into old forests , plundering trees which they frequently passed off as wood from sustainable sources .
“ In many cases a tripling in the volumes of timber ‘ originating ' from plantations in the five years following the law enforcement crackdown on illegal logging has come partly from cover operations to criminals to legalise and launder illegal logging operations , ” said the report , Green Carbon : Black Trade .
Between 50 to 90 per cent of logging in the Amazon basin , Central Africa and Southeast Asia is illegal , although not all of this is from organised crime , it said .
Globally , illegal logging is worth between $ 30 and 100 billion ( 25 and 77.5 billion euros ) annually , or between 10 and 30 percent of all timber transactions .
Among examples cited in the report , some 3,000 companies in Brazil are under investigation for “ eco-certifying ” illegal timber and exporting it abroad .
“ In Indonesia , the amount of logs allegedly produced through plantations increased from 3.7 million cubic metres ( 129 million cubic feet ) in 2000 to over 22 million ( 770 million cu . ft. ) in 2008 , ” it said .
Less than half of these plantations actually existed , investigators believe .
Among the casualties are indigenous forest dwellers , who face rising violence from loggers , as well as biodiversity and the fight against global warming .
Deforestation accounts for an estimated 17 percent of all man-made carbon emissions and 50 percent more than those from ships , aviation and land transport combined , the report noted .
The report called for a greater policing effort against illegal logging syndicates , tax fraud , corruption and laundering .
It also suggested an independent rating of companies to discourage investors from funding illegal practices .
The report pointed to some encouraging initiatives , including the International Consortium on Combating Wildlife Crime ( ICCWC ) , whose partners include among others Interpol and CITES , the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species .
Another weapon is so-called REDD-plus , in which wealthy countries provide funds to poorer countries to encourage them to be custodians of the forests .
However , “ if REDD-plus is to succeed , payments to communities for their conservation efforts need to be higher than the returns from activities that lead to environmental degradation , ” warned the report .
The report , authored by the UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) and Interpol , was launched at the World Forest Conference at the Food and Agricultural Organisation ( FAO ) in Rome .
When Tame Impala released `` Eventually '' , the fourth single from the Currents , a caption on Instagram noted , `` Last one before the album . '' If that 's true , the track marks the end to a particularly masterful streak for the Kevin Parker-led Australian band , and the start of something else . After the dramatic gestures of the future-RAM epic `` Let It Happen '' and quiet-storm confessional `` 'Cause I 'm a Man '' , followed by the chugging , sepia-tone miniature `` Disciples '' , this stately , finger-snapping synth ballad might , at least superficially , risk getting drowned out in the promotional noise . It 's too well-crafted for that fate , though .
`` Last one before something else '' might also describe the theme of `` Eventually '' . Like someone pulling the Band-Aid right off to abbreviate the pain , or just following Robyn 's advice from `` Call Your Girlfriend '' , Parker is inflicting harsh emotional wounds as mercifully as his plainspoken narrator can manage : This might hurt a little bit , but it wo n't be that way forever , right ? It 's easily a breakup song , although as Parker told Under the Radar , it 's ambiguous enough to leave room for other interpretations . And anyway , here he 's less focused on what 's ending than what might later begin . `` I know that I 'll be happier/ And I know you will , too , '' he repeats in the soft-focus chorus , pausing just long enough before adding the title phrase . Eventually . It 's the hope the word contains , potentially false , that makes it devastating .
The song arrives at a time when Tame Impala find themselves in their own phase of transition . They 're kaleidoscoping outward after Lonerism 's electronic-savvy expansion of 2010 debut Innerspeaker ; they 're building on their covers of late-period Michael Jackson and late-period OutKast , as well as their frontman 's appearance on the latest Mark Ronson full-length . In a recent Reddit AMA , Parker singled out `` Eventually '' as a Tame Impala song that 's still `` very moving '' for him . If it 's a harbinger of what to expect from Currents ' nine remaining unreleased tracks , I know that many of us will be happier , and that `` eventually '' means July 17 . But for now , it 's enough to be moved , in motion , suspended in time .
By Gosuke Kawano
Rabat – The food aid initiative launched by the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews ( the Fellowship ) began delivering the food packages to 1,500 local needy Moroccan Muslim families this Sunday .
In addition to the food delivery , an interfaith dinner was presented at the food aid kickoff at the Azama Synagogue in Marrakech 's Jewish quarter , hosting the Fellowship 's senior Vice President , Yael Eckstein , and the officials of the region .
The hosting of the dinner was intended to enable needy Moroccan families to savor both the taste and the great atmosphere of the feast of Eid al-Fitr , which celebrates the end of Ramadan from June 25 to 28 .
On this service project , Eckstein said , “ Now more than ever , it is so important that the great faiths of our forefather Abraham come together to try to make the world a better place . ”
“ Since World War II , Morocco has set an example in this part of the world for its treatment of Jewish citizens . And today , it is our honor to stand with the people of Morocco , and show that we can overcome divisions and intolerance everywhere by building bridges of empathy and understanding and truly making a difference , ” he concluded .
The Fellowship , along with Jeunesse Chabad Maroc and the Mimouna Association , a Muslim student organization , took initiative in this service project .
Each box that families receive from the Fellowship , Chabad , and Mimouna contains traditional Ramadan foods , including dates , tea , lentils , chickpeas , and other staples .
This food delivery service is scheduled to continue in Casablanca and Rabat until June 21 .
The interfaith partnership in Morocco emerged last year and has been expanding its activity strength in order to provide food and clothing by uniting with Chabad and The Fellowship .
The Fellowship distributed 9,500 food and clothing vouchers to 9,000 Muslim families who are needy Arab Israelis before the holiday this year , \ part of the organization 's total USD 5.6 million for social aid .
Last year , when I heard that Sal Buscema was taking commissions from home , I knew that I had to get one ! the only problem was deciding on what I wanted him to draw . My two favorite comics by Sal are his Spider-Man run and his work on Thor and Balder the Brave . So I eventually decided to ask him to contribute to my Asgard/Fourth World collection and e-mailed Al Czarnecki to set the whole thing up . Months later I received this awesome piece of art in the mail and I was blown away ! Sal went all-out here with an energetic sword fight between two of the greatest warriors gods around . I love the determined looks on their faces , the energy being released by their swords striking , and the way Sal drew their armor and capes . Huge thanks to Sal and Al for making this happen for me !
Both Balder and Steppenwolf are gods with great strength and fighting abilities . They 've both lead armies and are considered to be among the best warriors of their kind . That said , unless Steppenwolf has some mistletoe on him , I think he 's going down to Balder 's sword . It would be a brutal battle , and they would sing songs about it in the halls of Valhalla , of the time the god of light bested Darkseid 's uncle in combat .
If you like this piece then please do go buy some books featuring Sal 's work in either physical or digital format .
Christians take it for granted that Jesus is divine for many reasons , such as the miracles he performed . Yet reading the Bible , the miracles of Jesus do n't seem too out of the ordinary . In fact long before Jesus , there was Elijah who performed many miracles and even raised the dead before ascending into heaven . So who was this Elijah ?
So the 2nd book of Kings begins when King of Israel , Ahaziah , is ill and asks God for help . He sends 50 soldiers to Elijah ( it 's not clear whether they are just summon him or to arrest him ) but Elijah summons fire down from heaven and kills them all . So the king sends another 50 men and Elijah kills them too and then a third group is sent . The king really did n't learn his lesson and it 's pretty stupid to keep doing the exact same thing that fails every time . If you really have to send soldiers , why not send archers ? The third group begs not to be killed ( after all , they 're just doing their job ) so Elijah goes with them and tells the king that he will die because he also prayed to Baal for help . This is pretty anti-climactic and makes the deaths of 100 men seem completely pointless .
Elijah is walking with his follower Elisha and makes water split like it did for Moses . Is there anything Elijah ca n't do ? He seems to be all the prophets rolled into one , yet we get surprisingly little details about him . He just seems to have appeared one day and he gets surprisingly little mention in the Bible . While they are talking , chariots of fire and horses of fire come and “ Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven. ” This is interesting for a number of reasons , not least because any section of the Bible that is n't just listing family trees or property titles is interesting . Why is Elijah the only person in the Old Testament who does n't die ? Where did he go , seeing as Jews do n't believe in Heaven ? Where do Christians put him in the hierarchy of heaven ? What are chariots of fire and why did the Bible wait until now to introduce them ?
Elisha follows in the footsteps of Elijah and performs a lot of the same miracles , to the point that it seems that some of the stories were probably copied . He too can make water part for him and cures a poisoned well . Like Elijah and Jesus , Elisha knows the recipe for everlasting food and gives a bottomless jar of olive oil to a widow ( it 's always a widow ) . He meets another kind old widow and repays her kindness by blessing her with a child . However , when the child ( who is strangely never named ) is grown , he gets sick and dies . Elisha then brings him back from the dead , which raises all sorts of theological questions .
Does n't only God ( and Jesus ) have power over life and death ? If he can bring people back from the dead , how does he pick a deserving case ? Why does he only revive one person ? Why did they die in the first place ? Was this supposed to reveal something and if so , what ?
However , there is another side to Elisha . While traveling , some boys start laughing at him for being bald . Does he respond with kindness as you would expect from a man of God ? Does he silence them or chase them off ? No , he summons two bears who come and kill 42 boys . This event occurs without any comment in the Bible . That 's right , children too young to know right from wrong are massacred for the slightest reason and no one has any problem with it . God occasionally claims to promote justice and show love , but random acts of cruelty and violence like this are much more common . Even by his own words , God seems more like a murderous gangster than a loving father .
Moab is supposed to deliver 100,000 lambs and wool from 100,000 rams ( which of course is an impossible amount ) but rebels instead . Israel and Judah unite to exterminate Moab ( God really seems to love wars of extermination ) . All the cities are destroyed and the Israelites cover the land with stones so that nothing could grow . They block the springs and cut down all the trees . In the last city , the King of Moab sacrifices his eldest son and heir which causes a “ great wrath against Israel ” which forces them to withdraw .
This is very odd . Does this mean that the Moabite God is more powerful than the Israelites God ? Does child sacrifice actually have power that can help win wars ? That 's a disturbing thought .
When a Syrian army comes to attack , an army of chariots of fire appear . . . and do nothing . What potentially could be the most amazing scene in the Bible is wasted . Instead of a battle of fire , the chariots do n't actually do anything , which makes me wonder why they were summoned . Instead God strikes the Syrians blind and then Elisha leads them away into an ambush . The Syrians surrendered when they realise they are surrounded and to my surprise a massacre does n't follow . Instead the Syrians are given a massive feast and sent home unharmed . Why could n't more battles end this way ? I mean it seems like this is a more appropriate response for a loving and forgiving God than the countless massacres we 've had so far in the Bible .
The Syrians attack again and lay siege to Samaria until donkey heads sell for 80 shekals and dove 's dung for 5 . Eventually women start eating their own children . The king blames Elisha but he promises food . During the night God sends the sound of chariots which frighten the Syrians away . Thus there is food for everyone except a guard who doubted Elisha , he gets trampled to death as punishment .
As the title suggests , the Book of Kings deals with the Kings that Israel and Judah had over hundreds of years . Unfortunately that 's a lot of time for little space so each king only gets a brief mention . To make things worse , lots of the kings have names beginning with J . There 's Joram who gets killed by Jehu . Jehoahaz , Jehoash ( also called Joash and brought to power by a man called Jehoiada ) Jehoshaphat and two Jeroboams and after a while they all blur together .
To make things worse , the Bible presents them all in a monotonous and tedious list . They almost all follow the same pattern . “ In the year _ , X son of Y became king and reigned for _ years . And he did what was evil in the sight of the Lord . Now the rest of the deeds of _ , are they not written in the Book of Chronicles ? And _ slept with his fathers and Z reigned in his place. ” Repeat two dozen times and you see how repetitive it is .
Without going through all the details ( because they are long , confusing and boring ) there are lots of wars and coups . A surprisingly large number of kings of Israel and Judah get murdered and replaced by someone who in turn gets murdered . God is annoyed because people worship other gods and sacrifice at “ high places ” which is the worst thing ever for some reason . There are plenty of wars during this time and gradually Israel and Judah lose more and more battles and shrink smaller and smaller until they are finally destroyed .
The strange thing is that these kingdoms were completely normal . Think about , these kingdoms were supposedly guided by the creator of the universe and the source of morality . Surely , they would have been shining beacons of justice and morality ? Surely God would make them advanced and prosperous as reward for his chosen people and to show the world his glory ? Instead the kingdoms were no different from all the other kingdoms in the region . Their kings were just as ruthless , murderous and petty , and their armies were no more likely to win wars . In fact if it was n't for the Bible , there would be nothing remarkable about the kingdom , which is a pretty damning indictment of God 's supposed power and glory .
One of the kings who stand out is Jehu , who kills the king of Israel and then massacres his entire family and all 70 sons of the former king . Then he summoned every Baal priest in the country to a massive festival . They all assemble and Jehu sends in his guards to massacre them all Red Wedding style ( I really think “ The Good Book ” should be renamed “ The Bloody Ruthless Book ” ) . They destroyed the temple of Baal and turned it into a public toilet ( you have to notice the little insults ) . God compliments Jehu for “ doing what is right in my eyes ” for the massacre of the Baal priests and the innocent family of Ahab .
God does n't really know what to do during this time , sometimes helping his people , sometimes sending armies to kill them ( not quite what I 'd call love ) . Often he does both . At several points he sends an army to punish the Israelites but sends help so that they avoid their punishment . It 's pretty obvious that this explanation was added in centuries afterward to explain the swings from military victory and defeat that they experienced . In one case , God brings the Assyrians to the gates of Jerusalem before sending an angel to kill 185,000 of them in one night .
There are bad kings like Manasseh who built temples to Baal , used mediums , necromancers , fortune tellers and even burnt his own son as a sacrifice . After him comes a good king , Josiah , who “ finds ” an old book of Moses in the Temple . Scholars believe this is Deuteronomy , though some believe that Josiah and the priests created the book themselves . How did such an important book get so lost ? Why did God not try and remind people ? Either way , after reading this book , Josiah launches a massive purge with Taliban fervour and destroys every trace of other religions . He destroys a huge number of temples and shrines and even sacrifices priests on their own altar . Which apparently is good , so yey ?
But it turns out that all this reform and return to the roots of the religion did n't make any difference because it is going to punish them anyways . The sins of Manasseh were so bad that it did n't matter what Josiah did , which is a terrible moral lesson . Where 's the morality in punishing people for something they did n't do ? Either way God sends the Babylonians who destroy Jerusalem and send the people into exile . This ends the kingdoms of Israel and Judah and there never again was a king , despite all of God 's promises of protection and prosperity .
And on that final note , the 2nd Book of Kings ends .
For the rest of the series , An Atheist Reads The Bible click here .
Advertisements
552
The 'Night Witch ' that flies the skies after dark .
From the 'Strike Witches ' series come the eighth Nendoroid from the series , Sanya V. Litvyak ! She comes with three expressions including her standard face , a serious expression for combat as well as a more gentle smiling face . Her large rocket launcher 'Fliegerhammer ' , the clear Magic Antenna she uses to communicate between Night Witches as well as her MiG I-225 Striker Unit are all included .
The propellers for the Striker Unit come in both spinning and idle versions , and her cat ears and tail are also removable , allowing you to pose Sanya up in the air or down on the ground with a quick switch of parts ! ! Plus , the pillow given to her by Eila is also included ! Enjoy recreating your favorite scenes from the series !
Joe Hart believes `` something has got to give '' in the summer when he returns to parent club Manchester City from his season-long loan at Torino .
The 29-year-old established himself as the first choice goalkeeper at the Etihad Stadium in the 2010/2011 season under Roberto Mancini , becoming a mainstay in the England national team in the process .
However , he found himself surplus to requirements when new manager Pep Guardiola arrived last summer , and with the Spaniard 's insistence on signing a ball-playing goalkeeper , Hart eventually moved to Torino in search of first team football .
With less than two months left in the domestic league season , Hart is still unsure what his future looks like but wants to end the season well .
`` I want to finish the season well , the best I can for Torino , '' Hart said , as quoted on ESPN . `` I have really enjoyed being part of the club and I want to make the squads for the England internationals . Then after [ the end of the season ] , something has got to give . ''
`` My job is solely to try to be the best I can and wherever I go for the start of next season I want to be at the peak and coming off the back of a good season . ''
While Hart has been plying his trade in Serie A this season , his replacement in former Barcelona goalkeeper Claudio Bravo has done little to impress in Manchester .
With some notable blunders to his name , Bravo has recently found himself second-choice to Willy Caballero , but Hart refused to make comments about City 's current goalkeeping problems .
`` You know I am never going to answer that question . I have got a lot of respect for Willy [ Caballero ] . I worked hard with Willy when he won us the League Cup . I do n't know the keeper they have bought -- I have never worked with [ Claudio Bravo ] . I do n't know anything about him , '' the stopper stressed .
Hart will captain England against Lithuania in a World Cup qualifier on Sunday ( 26 March ) on what will be his 70th cap , and the former Shrewsbury Town player believes his move to Italy was crucial in keeping him in the international picture .
`` I know that the decision I made to go out and play first-team football was needed , '' he explained . `` I do n't think I would have played these games had I stayed [ at City ] because I do n't think I would have had much game time and I think the standard of goalkeeping in England is really , really good . ''
`` It 's a position I do n't take lightly . For me to continue and to try to make the first team for England goes hand in hand with me making first teams at club level and trying to perform at my highest . ''
Ever since Copernicus formulated a heliocentric model of the universe in the 16th century , scientific discovery has posed uncomfortable questions for the religious faithful . The modern age is no different , as NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity and other evidence suggest the possibility that Earthlings are not alone in the universe — which many find to be at odds with fundamental theological teachings .
At Survata , we were curious how religious affiliation relates to a belief in extraterrestrial life . To test this , we used our survey system to poll 5,886 Americans . We asked the respondents to state a religious affiliation and then asked `` Do you believe in the existence of extraterrestrial life ? ''
Of the 5,886 Americans polled , 37 % affirmed a belief in the existence of extraterrestrial life , 21 % denied such a belief , and 42 % were uncertain , responding `` I 'm not sure . ''
Reconciling Religion
Belief in extraterrestrial life varies dramatically by religious affiliation ( or lack thereof ) . Of those who identify as atheist or agnostic , 55 % affirm a belief in extraterrestrial life compared to only 32 % of Christians , meaning atheists and agnostics are 76 % more likely than Christians to believe in the existence of life beyond our planet .
Denomination Classification
Furthermore , the results suggest that not all Christians think alike when it comes to extraterrestrial life . Among Christian denominations , Baptists ( 29 % ) and those selecting `` Other '' ( 27 % ) were found to be the least likely to affirm the existence of life outside our planet .
The Truth is Out There
While no earthly poll can provide insight into the contents of our vast universe , our results suggest that the prospect of extraterrestrial life resonates more among nonreligious groups . NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity will have to provide some more concrete evidence to convince many Americans .
Got a pressing question ? Create a Survata survey in minutes .
Footnotes for our fellow data geeks
We interviewed 5,886 online respondents from September 16 to September 18 , 2013 You can download the underlying data here . You can analyze the underlying data in Statwing .
[ emailpickup label_text= '' Liked this post ? Do n't miss the next '' placeholder= '' Enter email address '' ]
Catholic Church excommunicates mother and doctors of a nine-year-old rape victim that had abortion – but not accused rapist BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Declaring that `` life must always be protected '' , a senior Vatican cleric has defended the Catholic Church 's decision to excommunicate the mother and doctors of a nine-year-old rape victim who had a life-saving abortion in Brazil . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/catholic-church-excommunicates-mother-and-doctors-of-a-nineyearold-rape-victim-that-had-abortion-but-not-accused-rapist-28752724.html
Email
Declaring that `` life must always be protected '' , a senior Vatican cleric has defended the Catholic Church 's decision to excommunicate the mother and doctors of a nine-year-old rape victim who had a life-saving abortion in Brazil .
Cardinal Giovanni Batista Re , who heads the Pontifical Commission for Latin America , told reporters that although the girl fell pregnant after apparently being abused by her stepfather , her twins had , `` the right to live , and could not be eliminated '' .
In an interview with the Italian newspaper , La Stampa , the cardinal added : `` It is a sad case but the real problem is that the twins conceived were two innocent persons . Life must always be protected . ''
Police believe the girl was sexually assaulted for years by her stepfather , possibly since she was six . That she was four months pregnant with twins emerged only after she was taken to hospital complaining of severe stomach pains .
The controversy represents a PR nightmare for the Vatican . The unnamed girl 's mother and doctors were excommunicated for agreeing to Wednesday 's emergency abortion yet the Church has not taken formal steps against the stepfather , who is in custody . Jose Cardoso Sobrinho , the conservative regional archbishop for Pernambuco where the girl was rushed to hospital , has said that the man would not be thrown out of the Church , because although he had allegedly committed `` a heinous crime '' , the Church took the view that `` the abortion , the elimination of an innocent life , was more serious '' .
The case has set off fierce debate in Brazil , where abortion is permitted only in cases of rape or a medical emergency . Brazil is one of the most populous Catholic countries , but conservative attitudes in rural areas are strongly at odds with the relatively progressive public view of abortion in major cities .
Even the President , Luiz Ignacio Lula da Silva , has waded into the row . `` As a Christian and a Catholic , I deeply regret that a bishop of the Catholic Church has such a conservative attitude , '' he said `` The doctors did what had to be done : save the life of a girl of nine years old . In this case , the medical profession was more right than the Church . ''
One of the doctors involved in the abortion , Rivaldo Albuquerque , has raised the prospect of public clashes at his local church , telling Globo , the nation 's main TV network , that he would keep going to mass there , regardless of the archbishop 's order . The young girl at the centre of the case escaped excommunication only because she is still a child in the eyes of Church authorities . The stepfather , who is 23 , was arrested last week , apparently trying to escape to another region of the country . Police say he is also suspected of abusing the girl 's handicapped 14-year-old sister . He is in protective custody , and if convicted faces up to 15 years in prison .
Belfast Telegraph
Editor 's Note : The following submission is from Joshua Michael . Have an LGBTQ+ related experience or story to share ? Having your article published on this site will automatically enrol you into a raffle to win a $ 50 Amazon Gift Card . Submit an article today via queerdeermedia.com .
My ‘ coming out ' was probably one of the worst experiences I 've ever had . As an abuse victim my sexuality has always been hard to wrestle with . What I mean by that is that my natural self-discovery of my sexuality and my sexual self was fundamentally skewed and warped because right before I hit puberty I was sexually abused by my then best friend ( who was several years older ) who was a man .
That event does n't decide my sexuality . What it did do though is make it very difficult to trust my feelings about my sexuality as everything was drowning in self-doubt . By the time I started having sexual urges I did what many abuse victims do : Became promiscuous in the extreme , often having risky encounters , often indiscriminate between men and women . I also had a trauma-induced insight into my own body and senses , and that made me a good lover regardless of who I was with – it 's very much a sick joke .
Anyway , when I was 17 I really started to question my sexuality . I had , had male sexual partners as well as female and I had no way to safely reflect on it . I was also in my first long-term relationship – a mutually destructive one , but a long-term one nonetheless .
Then I met the first gay man my family viewed as a friend , and invited into their home . And in my brain that was like a green light of safety . But this person was n't good at all . He was an alcoholic and was a borderline narcissist .
Over the span of a weekend I went into party mode . My partner and I were fighting and I walked off to blow off steam . I wound up at his flat with a friend of his and throughout the whole thing I slowly became more motivated to speak up about my feelings . By the time I managed to I had been drugged . Given almost a full palette of valium alongside the full day 's worth of boozing .
I admitted everything above , plus one detail . Probably the sickest part of the event : “ I think I liked it. ” Now , that might sound strange , but many abuse victims wrestle with that too . I ca n't explain it all that well but the short of it is that you 're confused , struggling with your identity , and you keep going back to the event almost like it 's a safety net . This can lead people to view their abusers as loving , rather than exploitative and violent .
Moving on , this admission meant one thing : I had to be gay . Everything went belly up from there . More booze , more drugs . A call to Mum happened . Somehow she had the grace to know something was up and decided to wait for me to sober up . My partner was worried out of her mind . I then got dragged back home in a car and in front of my family came out . My partner freaked out and lashed out at this family friend – namely for the state I was in . My Mother asked us all to leave and I went with them . I 'll leave that part of the story here .
The next day I came to and realised what had gone on . Guilt and shame were so tangible you could eat them . I made my way home and my then partner spent time alone with me . I did the only thing I knew to do to try and make things better – had sex with her . To her this was even more confusing than the previous night . We sat , we talked about it , I apologised repeatedly .
I decided that I was bisexual . I was still attracted to women . I wanted that to be the end of the story . For the next year , though , I was told repeatedly not to be a tourist . I could n't show affection to my partner if this guy was around because he 'd sneer and throw a fit . Eventually he got the boot from our lives , but what he did was straight up evil .
Ten years later I still have that very same struggle going on inside . I do n't know exactly where I stand . I describe myself as bisexual on the fly so that people do n't pry . But I honestly could n't tell you one way or the other . My family all know I 'm not straight , they 're supportive but we do n't discuss it much due to the strings attached to it . And I do n't ever want to discuss it with people who are n't extremely close to me because the potential for the last event to happen again is too great . I never discussed it with my partner beyond what triggered the event either . Instead of something that could have brought us closer it was an event that drove an irreparable wedge between us and things only got worse . It invalidated her , and shamed me , and drove me further into silence .
There is no manual to coming out as anything , at any time . And for many of us there are extra bits and bobs that need sorting through before we can . And some of us ca n't even find our feet , and are forced to live in a sexual purgatory . Even though mine is a story of what can go wrong , I think most stories reflect a degree of hardship . Especially when a spouse is involved .
Pope Francis ( L ) listens to cardinal Peter Turkson ( R ) speaking during the World Meeting of the Popular Movements in the Paul VI hall at the Vatican on November 5 , 2016 . VINCENZO PINTO/AFP/Getty Images
In what sounded like a thinly veiled dig at Donald Trump , Pope Francis condemned the use of fear for political ends and said people should n't be dedicating their energies to building walls . The pontiff did n't , of course , mention Trump by name but there seems to be little doubt about who he was referring to during a speech at the Vatican this weekend .
“ No tyranny can be sustained without exploiting our fears . This is clear , ” Francis said at the Third World Meeting of Popular Movements . “ All tyranny is terrorist . And when that terror , ignited in the peripheries with massacres , looting , oppression and injustice , explodes in the centers in the form of violence , including with hateful and cowardly intent , the citizens who still have some rights are tempted by the false security of walls , physical or social—walls that close some in and banish others . ”
Francis also said that politics is no place for “ anyone who is too attached to material things or to the mirror , those who love money , lavish banquets , sumptuous houses , refined clothes , luxury cars . ”
This is not the first time Francis has made it clear that he is n't a big fan of Trump or his proposals . In February he said that “ a person who thinks only about building walls , wherever they may be , and not building bridges , is not Christian. ” Trump immediately criticized the pope for his comments then , calling them “ disgraceful . ”
Hold on to your fedora and dust off the leather jacket , Indiana Jones will return to the big screen on July 19 , 2019 . The epic adventure movie will be the fifth in the blockbuster series . Steven Spielberg , who directed all four previous films , will direct the as-yet-untitled project and Harrison Ford will reprise his iconic role .
“ Indiana Jones is one of the greatest heroes in cinematic history , and we ca n't wait to bring him back to the screen in 2019 , ” said Alan Horn , Chairman , The Walt Disney Studios . “ It 's rare to have such a perfect combination of director , producers , actor and role , and we could n't be more excited to embark on this adventure with Harrison and Steven . ”
As we all know famed archaeologist and explorer Indiana Jones was introduced in 1981 's Raiders of the Lost Ark – one of AFI 's 100 Greatest American Films of All Time – and later thrilled audiences in 1984 's Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , 1989 's Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , and 2008 's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull . The four films have brought in nearly $ 2 billion at the global box office .
There has been some concern that Ford would be too old to reprise his role , he will be 77 in 2019 , and that the series needed a reboot . The other idea is that this is the chance for Indy to pass off his hat and whip to a new generation . I guess we 'll have to wait and see .
Right now Pixar 's “ The Incredibles 2 ” is scheduled for June of 2019 with no other Disney film until November of 2019 and then , of course , Star Wars : Episode IX will drop that December .
Also , I think this is a good sign that the Indiana Jones stunt show will stay at Disney 's Hollywood Studios . If anything , I hope Disney decides to carve out a little extra room backstage for an expanded Indiana Jones themed land , with a ride or two .
That a fifth film in the franchise was desired had been mentioned by both Kathleen Kennedy of Lucasfilm and Bob Iger , Disney CEO . But this is the official , official announcement . Are you excited ?
According to MEGADETH mainman Dave Mustaine , the band 's new lead guitarist , Kiko Loureiro , has finished laying down all the acoustic guitar parts for the group 's fifteenth album . Mustaine added in a tweet : `` [ Kiko is ] definitely the best guitarist we 've ever had . ''
Mustaine 's latest comments echo those he made about MEGADETH 's previous guitarist , Chris Broderick , during the latter 's tenure in the band . In a tweet made almost exactly two years ago ( March 7 , 2013 ) during the making of MEGADETH 's `` Super Collider '' album , Mustaine wrote : `` Chris has finished 'Super Collider ' ... All I can say is he is without a doubt the best guitarist I 've ever played with . ''
Back in 2009 , Mustaine praised Broderick , saying in an online post : `` I am going on record and I am saying unequivocally that Chris is THE BEST GUITARIST MEGADETH has ever had . And the real talented musicians in MEGADETH 's alumni will agree , he is an absolute monster . I mean , he plays the catalog better than anyone did . Jeff Young never wanted to do Chris Poland 's stuff , and so on , and so on , until the last guitarist we had before we disbanded over my arm injury . ''
Mustaine added : `` It 's funny , because just when I think [ Broderick ] can get no more outrageous , or any more thrilling with the guitar solos , he comes up with something really beautiful like Marty Friedman would do ( he has Marty pretty well down pat ) , and then goes into the GIT styles that Jeff Young did , yet , there is still such a freshness to his playing and he is so raw , it 's like having a new prize bull . And even though he ai n't a such a young bull , he 's definitely an old bull like me . ''
MEGADETH 's new album is being recorded at Lattitude Studio South in Leiper 's Fork , Tennessee for a tentative late 2015 release .
MEGADETH announced on April 2 that Loureiro had joined the Dave Mustaine-led group as the replacement for Broderick . Mustaine said in a statement : `` I first met Kiko around eight years ago for a cover shoot for Burrn ! magazine . I had no idea who he was , other than the fact he was tremendously talented and that the staff from Burrn ! held him in high regard . Since then , I 've come to see what a guitar virtuoso he is , and I 'm deeply encouraged by his depth and talent . ''
He continued : `` Very few MEGADETH alumni have had the same feel and ability as Kiko . ''
In addition to Mustaine , Loureiro and bassist David Ellefson , the recording lineup for MEGADETH 's forthcoming album includes LAMB OF GOD drummer Chris Adler .
Just days before Planned Parenthood 's 100th anniversary , a conservative corporate watchdog has released an updated list of companies that fund America 's largest abortion provider .
Last year , 2ndVote made headlines in conservative news for revealing Planned Parenthood 's corporate donors after undercover videos exposed the abortion giant 's harvesting of aborted baby parts . 2ndVote updated that list , which includes names like Nike and Starbucks , last week in time for Planned Parenthood 's big anniversary on Sunday , October 16 .
It 's unlikely that the liberal media – which boast strong ties to Planned Parenthood and have been instructed to cover for Planned Parenthood – will publicize the funding of the controversial abortion giant . ( Although they have published lists targeting supposedly “ anti-gay ” companies like Chick-fil-A . )
In addition to 37 companies that directly fund Planned Parenthood , 2ndVote lists 200 companies that “ have supported 3rd party groups that fund Planned Parenthood. ” Those companies include CBS and NBC Universal .
Corporate donors make a difference . Planned Parenthood receives $ 1.3 billion in yearly revenue , and of that , “ over 25 % comes from private donations , including corporate contributions , ” according to 2ndVote . ( Never mind the $ 553.7 million from the government . )
Here are the 37 companies that directly fund Planned Parenthood :
Since last summer , two companies are no longer listed : American Cancer Society and AT & T . Boeing was added to the list .
2ndVote , a self-described “ conservative watchdog for corporate activism ” launched in 2013 , aims to “ expose the corporate influence on major policy decisions ” in order to “ turn the tide on the attacks on conservative values and principles . ”
Executive Director Lance Wray told MRC Culture that his organization `` researches and publishes only hard and reliable data . ”
“ It scours over public records , official corporate reports , and other indicia of corporate sponsorships and public endorsements to which 2ndVote cites within its findings , '' he added , and also pointed to tax returns and information found on corporate websites .
UPDATE : In Dec. 2016 , 2ndVote revealed that Macy 's no longer gives or matches donations to Planned Parenthood in response to conservative consumers .
UPDATE : The following companies directly give to Planned Parenthood of their own accord : Bank of America , Bath & Body Works , Deutsche Bank , Energizer , Expedia , Groupon , Liberty Mutual , Morgan Stanley , Pfizer , Susan G. Komen , Unilever , Verizon , Wells Fargo . The rest either match gifts to Planned Parenthood , belong to parent companies that directly fund Planned Parenthood or have certain chapters that directly fund Planned Parenthood . To research a particular company , click on the company 's name in the list above .
This article is over 2 years old
Former Al-Qaida fighter was killed with three other militants when his vehicle was struck in Rutba , western Iraq
A senior Islamic State leader in Iraq 's Anbar province has been killed by a coalition airstrike , according to the Pentagon .
Abu Wahib and three other Isis militants were killed when their vehicle was struck on 6 May in Rutba , according to Peter Cook , the Pentagon spokesman .
He said Wahib 's death was a blow to the group 's leadership .
A senior US official said it was an American airstrike .
Cook said Wahib was a former member of al-Qaida in Iraq and has appeared in Islamic State execution videos .
“ ISIL leadership has been hit hard by coalition efforts and this is another example of that , ” he said , using another acronym for Isis .
“ It is dangerous to be an Isil leader in Iraq and Syria nowadays . ”
US-led airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq – interactive Read more
There have been unconfirmed reports in the past suggesting Wahib was targeted by strikes , but this is the first time the Pentagon has said he was killed .
Wahib started working with al-Qaida in Iraq before being detained by US forces in 2009 . He was transferred to an Iraqi prison following the US withdrawal in 2011 and broke out in 2012 .
Barack Obama will meet with his National Security Council on Tuesday morning to discuss US efforts to fight Islamic State militants , the White House said .
“ The session is the latest in a series of NSC meetings in recent months convened at the White House and at key departments and agencies , including the CIA , the Department of State and the Department of Defense , on our campaign against the terrorist group , ” it said in a statement .
Associated Press contributed to this report
Richard Curtis is in talks to write Universal 's live-action adaptation .
Chloe Moretz has signed on to star in Universal 's live-action Little Mermaid film .
Richard Curtis is in talks to write the script based on the the Hans Christian Andersen fairytale centering on a mermaid who gives up her life in the sea after she falls in love with a prince .
Sofia Coppola exited the project over creative differences , and a new director has not yet signed on .
Working Title 's Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner are producing while Liza Chasin and Amelia Granger will executive produce .
Curtis wrote and directed About Time and Love Actually , and previously wrote War Horse and Bridget Jones 's Diary , among others . He 's represented by United Agents in the UK .
Moretz 's upcoming credits include Neighbors 2 and YA adaptation The 5th Wave , along with November Criminals with Ansel Elgort and Broad Green 's Brain on Fire.She 's repped by WME , T Squared Entertainment and Sloane , Offer ,
Jeremy Corbyn has been accused by veteran Simon Weston of `` repugnant surrender '' to Argentina for suggesting it should be given the right to jointly govern the Falklands Mr Corbyn , who opposed the invasion , said that there has to be a move towards `` real peace '' and that Britain must open a `` dialogue '' with Argentina over the future of the islands .
He said that under the arrangement the Falklands could retain their British nationality while a joint administration is put in place .
The comments were severely criticised by Mr Weston , who suffered 46 per cent burns after the RFA Sir Galahad was bombed during the 1982 conflict .
Mr Weston said : `` It is a repugnant idea . I do n't see why it should happen given that the Argentines never had the islands . They have no right to them .
`` It could cause civil war again by emboldening the Argentinians . It frightens me enormously because he claims to be such a supporter of democratic freedoms while what he is suggesting throwing the Falkland islanders right to democracy out .
`` I do n't ever see him winning an election because his policies and his attitudes just wo n't wash with the British public . ''
Mr Corbyn said in an interview with the BBC in 2013 that a `` degree of joint administration '' might resolve the conflict over the Falkland Islands . He has not stepped back from the suggestion since making it .
He said : `` Other situations like this , for example the dispute between Finland and Sweden over the Aman Islands , was sorted out by some degree of joint administration while maintaining nationality .
`` It was done with Hong Kong , it has been done to some extent with Gibraltar . There is a way forward .
`` It was in Margaret Thatcher 's interests in 82 to divert attention from her catastrophic economic issues .
`` There is a letter been produced by five nobel peace prize winners all of whom suggest without changing the question of nationality there is room for some kind of discussion and debate .
`` Why ca n't we respond to that letter and work on that basis rather than upping the ante and spending more and more money on arms . ''
Lord West , formerly the First Sea Lord , said on Saturday that his comments were `` a nonsense '' .
`` We have made very clear really since 1982 that the ownership of the islands is not up for debate until the people on the island want to discuss it , '' he said .
`` It 's ridiculous . I 'm amazed that he as a democrat would want to go against the wishes of the people on the island . ''
Earlier this week Jeremy Corbyn was forced to backtrack on his previous calls for Britain to leave Nato .
During a live leadership debate Mr Corbyn was quizzed by the other three candidates on whether or not he believed Britain should leave the military alliance .
Mr Corbyn told a hustings hosted by the Daily Mirror that Nato was looking at an `` expansion eastwards '' , which was encouraging Russia to expand to counteract the threat .
He said Britain needs to develop a relationship with Russia to enable us to demilitarise the border with Ukraine , `` otherwise the consequences are very dangerous . ''
However having called in the past for Britain 's withdrawal from Nato , he admitted there was n't `` an appetite as a whole for people to leave '' and so would argue for Nato to `` restrict its role . ''
A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said : `` Jeremy has long urged a long term negotiated settlement which of course should take into consideration the views of the islanders themselves . As a general policy principle we are committed to conflict prevention and conflict resolution . ''
We 've all dealt with narcissists at some time or another , but we usually have the option of walking away if they get too annoying . Usually .
The rise of social platforms such as , Twitter , and Instagram has provided greater greater opportunities to stay in contact with people around the world . Unfortunately , narcissists have quickly discovered how useful social media can be in sharing words and images with countless people worldwide . A new analysis explores how narcissists , compared with people in general , make use of social media .
Before we look at what this research found , we should probably begin with some background . Narcissism is usually defined as `` extreme selfishness , the pursuit of gratification from self or others , and an inflated admiration for one 's own qualities . '' First introduced by in his 1914 essay on narcissism , it has since become a favorite topic for researchers and therapists . It has also been included in various editions of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual ( usually under the term ) and is regarded as part of the Dark Triad of traits along with and Machiavellianism .
While there are different ways of classifying narcissists , two categories of narcissism , which have become an important part of research , are :
Grandiose narcissism—usually characterized by extreme in their own superiority . These narcissists are prone to going into a vindictive against anyone who dares to criticize them . They have no sense of and have often grown up with the knowledge that they are superior to everyone else . As adults , they may have multiple affairs and typically pride themselves on how admired they are by the people around them . They can also be very aggressive in establishing dominance over other people .
Vulnerable narcissism—people high in vulnerable narcissism tend to be more emotionally sensitive ( often to the point of being ) . They are distressed whenever they do n't get the treatment they feel they deserve and often have problems with of rejection or being abandoned . In a real sense , vulnerable narcissists are over-compensating for poor or a history of neglect that can go back to early . They can often shift from feeling superior to feeling inferior depending on how their lives happen to be going at any particular time .
For reasons that are still unclear , narcissism seems to be on the increase in modern society . A recent book by Jean M. Twenge and W. Keith Campbell makes a compelling case that the United States , among other countries , is experiencing a narcissism epidemic . Along with reality television shows such as the Real Housewives franchise and My Super Sweet Sixteen , we are seeing a proliferation of media stars whose only claim to fame rests in the indulgent lifestyles that they lead .
Then there is the role that social media platforms such as Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram can play in allowing people to broadcast information about themselves to a worldwide audience , not to mention allowing them to solicit positive feedback in the form of `` likes '' in the process .
Source : Nunosilvaphotography/Shutterstock
How people prefer to use social media seems to depend on what kind of needs are being fulfilled . For example , while everyone enjoys posting selfies , narcissists seem to prefer taking it to extremes , often to the point of posting inappropriate selfies to show off their physique or physical or else to show how great their lives are . Narcissists also prefer posting under their own name to ensure that they get full credit for their posts ( unless they need to attack people who have offended them , then anonymous posting on Twitter or 4chan comes in handy . )
To get a better sense of how narcissists use social media , Campbell and Jessica McCain of the University of Georgia reviewed more than 62 research studies looking at grandiose and vulnerable narcissism and how it can relate to online activity . Their research , which was recently published in the journal Psychology of Popular Media Culture , combines data on more than 13,000 participants in the different studies they examined .
All of the participants had completed one or more personality tests designed to measure different aspects of narcissism and , in some cases , related traits such as psychopathy and Machiavellianism . To measure social media use , four main criteria were adopted : time spent on social media , frequency of status updates , number of or followers , and pictures of self/selfies uploaded . The researchers also combined data on age , which region of the world the participant lived in , and the social media sites being used .
What they found was a small but significant correlation between overall social media use and grandiose narcissism ( but not vulnerable narcissism ) . People scoring high in grandiose narcissism appeared to have more friends , posted more frequent status updates , and posted more pictures of themselves than non-narcissists did . This relationship seems to fluctuate depending on cultural differences ( the link between social media use and narcissism seemed particularly strong in Russian users for some reason ) but no real difference was found in terms of which platform was preferred or age of the user .
In discussing their findings , Campbell and Jessica McCain suggest that narcissistic individuals may be particularly drawn to social media as a way of soliciting compliments and other positive feedback that can reaffirm their own views about themselves . Also , since online tend to encourage wide but shallow networks which fits the kind of relationships narcissists often prefer .
Unfortunately , these results tend to be limited by the cross-sectional designs of the studies that were examined . This means there is no way to determine whether narcissists are just naturally drawn to social media or if , possibly , the nature of social media can actually be making users more narcissistic ( perhaps it 's a little of both ) .
While more research is definitely needed , and this research hardly means that everyone who spends time using social media ( myself included ) is a narcissist , it does show why social media use can be particularly appealing for people with narcissistic tendencies .
So spare a thought about that new selfie you 're planning to post . What kind of message are you really sending with it ?
By Robin McKie / The Observer
A stark depiction of the threat hanging over the world 's mammals , reptiles , amphibians and other life forms has been published by the prestigious scientific journal , Nature . A special analysis carried out by the journal indicates that a staggering 41 % of all amphibians on the planet now face extinction while 26 % of mammal species and 13 % of birds are similarly threatened .
Many species are already critically endangered and close to extinction , including the Sumatran elephant , Amur leopard and mountain gorilla . But also in danger of vanishing from the wild , it now appears , are animals that are currently rated as merely being endangered : bonobos , bluefin tuna and loggerhead turtles , for example .
In each case , the finger of blame points directly at human activities . The continuing spread of agriculture is destroying millions of hectares of wild habitats every year , leaving animals without homes , while the introduction of invasive species , often helped by humans , is also devastating native populations . At the same time , pollution and overfishing are destroying marine ecosystems .
“ Habitat destruction , pollution or overfishing either kills off wild creatures and plants or leaves them badly weakened , ” said Derek Tittensor , a marine ecologist at the World Conservation Monitoring Centre in Cambridge . “ The trouble is that in coming decades , the additional threat of worsening climate change will become more and more pronounced and could then kill off these survivors . ”
The problem , according to Nature , is exacerbated because of the huge gaps in scientists ' knowledge about the planet 's biodiversity . Estimates of the total number of species of animals , plants and fungi alive vary from 2 million to 50 million . In addition , estimates of current rates of species disappearances vary from 500 to 36,000 a year . “ That is the real problem we face , ” added Tittensor . “ The scale of uncertainty is huge . ”
In the end , however , the data indicate that the world is heading inexorably towards a mass extinction – which is defined as one involving a loss of 75 % of species or more . This could arrive in less than a hundred years or could take a thousand , depending on extinction rates .
The Earth has gone through only five previous great extinctions , all caused by geological or astronomical events . ( The Cretaceous-Jurassic extinction that wiped out the dinosaurs 65 million years ago was triggered by an asteroid striking Earth , for example . ) The coming great extinction will be the work of Homo sapiens , however .
“ In the case of land extinctions , it is the spread of agriculture that has been main driver , ” added Tittensor . “ By contrast it has been the over-exploitation of resources – overfishing – that has affected sealife. ” On top of these impacts , rising global temperatures threaten to destroy habitats and kill off more creatures .
This change in climate has been triggered by increasing emissions – from factories and power plants – of carbon dioxide , a gas that is also being dissolved in the oceans . As a result , seas are becoming more and more acidic and hostile to sensitive habitats . A third of all coral reefs , which support more lifeforms than any other ecosystem on Earth , have already been lost in the last few decades and many marine experts believe all coral reefs could end up being wiped out before the end of the century .
Similarly , a quarter of all mammals , a fifth of all reptiles and a seventh of all birds are headed toward oblivion . And these losses are occurring all over the planet , from the South Pacific to the Arctic and from the deserts of Africa to mountaintops and valleys of the Himalayas .
A blizzard of extinctions is now sweeping Earth and has become a fact of modern life . Yet the idea that entire species can be wiped out is relatively new . When fossils of strange creatures – such as the mastodon – were first dug up , they were assumed to belong to creatures that still lived in other lands . Extant versions lived elsewhere , it was argued . “ Such is the economy of nature , ” claimed Thomas Jefferson , who backed expeditions to find mastodons in the unexplored interior of America .
Then the French anatomist Georges Cuvier showed that the elephant-like remains of the mastodon were actually those of an “ espèce perdue ” or lost species . “ On the basis of a few scattered bones , Cuvier conceived of a whole new way of looking at life , ” notes Elizabeth Kolbert in her book , The Sixth Extinction : An Unnatural History . “ Species died out . This was not an isolated but a widespread phenomenon . ”
Since then the problem has worsened with every decade , as the Nature analysis makes clear . Humans began by wiping out mastodons and mammoths in prehistoric times . Then they moved on to the eradication of great auks , passenger pigeons – once the most abundant bird in North America – and the dodo in historical time . And finally , in recent times , we have been responsible for the disappearance of the golden toad , the thylacine – or Tasmanian tiger – and the Baiji river dolphin . Thousands more species are now under threat .
In an editorial , Nature argues that it is now imperative that governments and groups such as the International Union for Conservation of Nature begin an urgent and accurate census of numbers of species on the planet and their rates of extinction . It is not the most exciting science , the journal admits , but it is vitally important if we want to start protecting life on Earth from the worst impacts of our actions . The loss for the planet is incalculable – as it is for our own species which could soon find itself living in a world denuded of all variety in nature . As ecologist Paul Ehrlich has put it : “ In pushing other species to extinction , humanity is busy sawing off the limb on which it perches . ”
From The Guardian : http : //www.theguardian.com/environment/2014/dec/14/earth-faces-sixth-great-extinction-with-41-of-amphibians-set-to-go-the-way-of-the-dodo
I program computers and I also write . There is more than one way to program , but there are a few good practices in programming which have analogous good practices in writing . Here is how you write like a programmer .
The following is not necessarily advice .
First , write with purpose . Do not write just because . Do n't write because you love writing , because you love reading your own writing , because you love other people reading your writing or because you love feedback . Instead , write because you have an objective . Your text is supposed to achieve something . Write because you want your writing to accomplish something , because you want your writing to have an effect on the reader .
In fact , flip those two things around in the phrase , in order to make the emphasis clearer : First , develop an objective . Discover that there is a story you want to tell , a particular piece of information you need to share , an emotional instant that you want others to experience , a particular reference work missing from the world . Second , in order to accomplish that objective , write .
Write a first draft . Get it out in front of you , in a basic form . Then start thinking . What are you trying to achieve ? How does the thing in front of you achieve this , or does n't it ? How does it need to be modified to better achieve this goal ? It 's easier to edit from a thing to a better thing than it is to build on blank space , a winking cursor in an empty text editor .
Planning is fine in principle . It can save you time in the long run , if the thing you 're writing is large . But you can not work everything out before you start . It is possible to spend your entire life hypothesising about what words you will use when you eventually write the thing , and never write the thing . A time comes when you must get your hands dirty , and physically touch a keyboard . Once you start writing for real , you may discover important facts which mean all your planning was pointless . This is undesirable , but also unavoidable . The only solution is to get started .
Then , edit . Refactor your text . Just because you 've reached the end does n't mean you 're done . The first thing that it occurred to you to write was almost certainly not the best thing to write . Re-read the text , and be critical . Put yourself in the mindset of a critic , actively searching for faults or weakness . Stay focused on your objective , and remember that every line of your text must serve this objective . Keeping this purpose in mind makes it easier to be dispassionate and pragmatic .
Be organised . Divide your major objective into smaller ones and use chapters or section breaks to address these individually . You can go to an extra level of granularity with individual paragraphs . Group statements into paragraphs according to purpose and subject matter . Make them self-contained . Try not to refer to topics or terms before they have been adequately introduced .
State exactly what you mean , and try to avoid ambiguity or misunderstanding . Do n't ramble . Do n't let sentences get too long . Do n't try to convey too many different thoughts in a single sentence . Break things down into simple terms . `` Simple '' does not necessarily mean `` obvious '' . Simple terms can take quite a bit of thought to come up with . Sometimes it can be obvious that there is a simple term , but not obvious what it is . Avoid idioms .
In general , choose your words carefully . Word choice error is normal and unavoidable . A word which made perfect sense at the time you wrote it can be obviously wrong once you come back to it later , with the entire rest of the document clearly in your mind .
And be brief . In fact , be merciless . Murder your darlings once they cease to be useful . Yes , that paragraph is beautiful , you slaved away on it - but it no longer serves a needed purpose , so scrap it . It 's okay : there are limitless more words in you , where those came from . You are not a dumber person now that you 've written them , or now that you 've deleted them ; you are capable of equally excellent paragraphs , still .
Remove unnecessary words and statements . However , do not misunderstand the meaning of the word `` unnecessary '' here . An unnecessary word is one which does not serve your objective . However , just because a word or statement can be removed , and left implicit , does n't mean it should be . Clarity can serve your objective . Brevity is good , but clarity is better . Brevity is good for keeping a reader 's attention , delivering a good density of information and/or action . It means the reader 's time is not being wasted . However , too much brevity becomes obfuscation . Without clarity , a reader reaches a point where they just ca n't keep reading at all because they ca n't understand what you 're saying . Sometimes , repeating yourself for clarity is appropriate .
With clarity in mind : Punctuate correctly , capitalise correctly , format consistently , and check your spelling . Minor errors of this nature are not fatal , but they slow the reader down . They can mount up and become irritating , making your text genuinely unpleasant to read , or even unreadable .
Check your facts and be sure of them . Clearly separate your own opinions from factual statements .
Do not work in a vacuum . Read other people 's work . Look for good writing , and do n't just passively experience that writing , focus hard on it so you can see what makes it effective . Take notes . Have other people read your work , and if possible cajole them into giving you notes in turn . Make sure that you are not the best writer you know .
And for the love of God , use libraries !
Ten framed and autographed company logos hang on the wall above the lockers at the Harvard Innovation Lab , located in the bottom floor of the business school 's Batten Hall , across the river from the university 's main campus .
These are the promising startups that graduated from the iLab , which launched three years ago to help the university 's students start and grow their own businesses . Within the region , the iLab was seen as a means to make up some ground against the veritable startup factory of Stanford University and hang onto more of the tech businesses that form in the Greater Boston area .
But if they 're succeeding on the former score , the latter remains in question .
Among the startups displayed on that wall , Pymetrics and Handy relocated to New York , myLingo landed in Los Angeles , FuelEd set up in Houston and Plastiq announced in July that it would move to San Francisco 's tech-centric South of Market district .
That last one surely stings the most , as it fits into what has become an uncomfortable pattern of local entrepreneurs decamping from Boston to the San Francisco Bay Area to set up or build up their consumer tech businesses , including the founders of Facebook , Dropbox , TaskRabbit and Evernote .
And those are just the famous cases : 65 percent of Harvard 's alumni and 41 percent of MIT 's go on to launch businesses in other states , while fewer than 15 percent of UC Berkeley and Stanford 's graduates leave California to do so , according to a 2012 study by CB Insights .
The open questions are why , whether the region is changing in ways that will prevent the next breakout tech successes from making the cross-country trek — and whether it really matters .
Many of the region 's entrepreneurs , executives and academics interviewed for this article argued it actually does n't matter , which sounds an awful lot like hometown pride talking . And to some degree , of course , it is .
But it 's also , in part , a reaction based on local economic realities that are n't well appreciated beyond the region 's borders , especially among those keeping score in Silicon Valley .
Here 's the critical point : Notwithstanding the occasional high-profile departure , tech is booming in Boston . Hundreds of startups are forming , industry giants are setting up major outposts , money is flowing , rents are rising and construction cranes are everywhere . A growing number of big public offerings and acquisitions have funneled billions into the economy .
But it 's not primarily focused on pure consumer tech — those apps , social networks and venture-capital-subsidized instant-gratification services that characterize the West Coast 's obsession du jour . Instead , it 's a tech boom broadly defined , covering robotics , big-data analysis , natural-language translation , network infrastructure and the hard technical research pouring into the private market from the region 's powerhouse universities . It also overlaps heavily with the region 's major hometown industry : Biotech and life sciences .
“ We 'd rather innovate than imitate , ” said Michael Davies , a senior lecturer at MIT and chairman of consulting firm Endeavour Partners in Cambridge , Mass . “ This is an incredibly strong , highly differentiated source of innovation with assets that no one else can replicate . ”
Red-hot center
A Jones Lang LaSalle report declared this summer that Greater Boston has the second-highest tech employment in the nation , behind only Silicon Valley .
Some 145,000 jobs and counting are spread across startups like Abine , Fetchnotes and RunKeeper ; established tech brands such as Akamai , EMC , Nuance , Raytheon and Zipcar ; robotics firms including iRobot , Rethink and Bluefin ; online travel services like TripAdvisor and Kayak ; and newly public tech companies such as Wayfair , HubSpot and Care.com .
What is arguably the red-hot center of all this stands at One Broadway Street in Cambridge , where the Longfellow Bridge drops Bostonians into Kendall Square , the bustling biotech and increasingly tech-tech district .
It 's the headquarters of the Cambridge Innovation Center , a kind-of-incubator , kind-of-landlord that boasts more than 700 startups and other firms in an increasing number of buildings across Greater Boston . That 's up 250 percent from six years ago .
Along the way , a growing collection of accountants , consultants , investors and large tech firms have set up in the center or within nearby blocks . Since 2007 , Apple , Amazon , Google , Facebook , Twitter and Microsoft have all opened satellite offices here , tapping into talent pouring out of MIT , Harvard and other universities , and scouting the area for potential partners , customers and acquisitions .
( To cite a few examples from recent years : Google nabbed Android , Boston Dynamics , ITA Software and Zync ; and Twitter picked up Spindle , Crashlytics and BlueFin Labs — not to be confused with the robotics company mentioned above . )
“ When we opened here in 2007 , it was pretty quiet , ” said Annmarie Levins , general manager of Microsoft 's civic-engagement efforts at the software giant 's New England Research & Development Center , affectionately known as NERD . “ But in the past couple years , this place has exploded . ”
Changing landscape
Leah Busque landed on the idea for TaskRabbit one night in 2008 , after she and her husband realized they had run out of food for their 100-pound yellow lab , Kobe , just as they were leaving for dinner .
The couple initially set up shop within Zipcar 's headquarters in Boston , and raised an early round of funding from angel investors the following spring .
But during an incubator program at Facebook 's Silicon Valley headquarters that summer , Busque met West Coast investors ready to write much bigger checks .
Shortly after raising $ 1 million from Floodgate and Baseline Ventures , the company ( then named the far-less-catchy RunMyErrand ) relocated to San Francisco . Busque wanted to be closer to investors betting on the company , and intended to make the city the company 's second market .
“ At the time , getting a seed round done for a consumer Internet startup in Boston was a lot harder than getting a round done here , ” she said .
Certainly , a lot has changed since .
The startup competition and accelerator MassChallenge launched in 2010 in the Innovation District on the South Boston Waterfront , which has become its own hotbed of tech activity . Last year , CIC opened the doors to District Hall there , as well , offering public space for meetings , events and workers .
A number of other new venture capital firms , incubators , workspaces and startup contests have emerged in recent years , including Hack/Reduce , the Artisan 's Asylum , Bolt , Greentown Labs , Hack/Reduce , LearnLaunch , Smarter in the City and more .
Kayak co-founder Paul English started the new venture capital fund Blade earlier this year specifically to fund and support consumer startups , in the hope of shifting the region beyond its business tech roots .
“ It 's depressing to me how many consumer companies come out of Boston , ” he said . “ I think you can literally count on one hand the number of pure consumer plays that are worth billions of dollars that have been created in Boston . ”
“ If I were to look at the iPhones of anyone working in this office , all the apps are created in California , and then maybe a few in New York , ” he said . “ And none in Boston . ”
During the last four quarters , businesses in the metropolitan area raised more than $ 3.9 billion , up nearly 15 percent from the comparable period ending in 2008 . Greater Boston businesses secure the fourth-most tech venture capital of any region , according to Jones Lang LaSalle — and the most venture capital all told on a per capita basis .
“ Now there 's more of an ecosystem of likeminded people , the capital to seed them , and the infrastructure in place , ” said Jason Jacobs , chief executive of RunKeeper , one of Boston 's best-known consumer tech startups . “ That did n't exist when I was first getting started . ”
“ People probably got sick of watching people start here and go west , ” he added . “ It 's like how much value are we , as a region , going to just keep let slipping through our fingers ? ”
Of course , the recent departure of Plastiq , cited as one of the region 's rising consumer tech stars at the outset of the reporting for this series , raises the question of how much has really changed that matters .
The payments company did n't respond to a request for an interview . But it tucked a short explanation into the end of a press release announcing that it raised $ 10 million in a Series B round led by Khosla Ventures of Menlo Park , Calif .
“ Plastiq headquarters , currently located in Boston , will relocate to the heart of SoMa in San Francisco by Q4 in order to recruit even more top talent and immerse itself in the thriving startup landscape , ” the company said .
For all the progress that 's been made , there 's a lingering sense among local entrepreneurs that Massachusetts venture capitalists are stingier with their dollars , less apt to write as many checks or add as many zeros as their West Coast counterparts . ( The wisdom of that for any specific investment is , of course , harder to assess in the thick of a boom than in the wake of one . )
Greater Boston 's startup ecosystem also simply is n't as big as Silicon Valley 's , said Abby Fichtner , hacker in residence at Harvard 's iLab , in an interview before the news of Plastiq 's departure .
“ There are so many founders there who have had exits and can put money back into the community , ” she said . “ We 're really good at solving tough problems , but for the consumer Web , it 's easier to launch in Silicon Valley . ”
Reliant on science
But others do n't see that as a problem .
Tim Rowe , chief executive of the Cambridge Innovation Center , said you ca n't blame consumer tech startups for moving to Silicon Valley any more than you can blame financial companies for moving to New York or fashion businesses for setting up shop in Milan .
Consumer tech simply is n't Boston 's core strength . On the other hand , it does boast an unparalleled concentration of life-sciences companies hard at work on curing diseases . And within tech proper , the local focus tends to fall on solving harder technical challenges , he said .
( Get ready for some fighting words , Silicon Valley . )
“ We 've found the resurgence of consumer tech here has been , maybe , more sophisticated companies that are a little more reliant on actual science , like Kayak or ITA Software or HubSpot , ” Rowe said , during at interview at the Cambridge Innovation Center 's headquarters . “ They 've got a lot more scientists and PhDs , and that 's more of a classic Boston profile . ”
The only problem he acknowledged is that Boston sucks at marketing itself , so the rest of the world does n't know about the success under way on the ground .
“ There 's something I affectionately refer to as the New England School of Marketing , ” he said . “ Which is , if you 're doing something great , hide it ; if you 're rich , drive a Volvo . This is the New England mentality . ”
He was one of at least five people to bring this up in interviews for this series , including Levins , Fichtner , Davies and Gordon Jones , managing director of the Harvard Innovation Lab .
“ There 's an ethos in Boston : Work hard and look like you 're working hard , ” he said . “ I think that sometimes mutes some of the good things that are going on . ”
Fortune 's Dan Primack touched on a related issue in a thoughtful piece at the beginning of the year ( “ What 's really wrong with Boston tech ? ” ) : The relative lack of national tech reporters based in the Boston area .
“ When it comes to the big tech sites that most entrepreneurs and investors read , Boston is largely invisible , ” Primack wrote . “ Just like Boston 's tech scene is being starved by the absence of a large cornerstone company , it also is being thwarted by its absence of a vibrant ( and wide-reaching ) tech media . ”
The hard stuff
But it must be stressed , as Primack did , that it 's not just a perception problem . Or , rather , perception problems have a way of becoming reality problems .
If the belief persists among local entrepreneurs that you ca n't land the big venture rounds or draw the bright media spotlights you need to become a mass-market success , why would they stick around ?
The fact is that you ca n't point to a tech company in the area with the kind of mainstream prominence of a Google or a Twitter . And the region has n't produced nearly the volume of acquisitions or IPOs as Silicon Valley in recent years , in tech or otherwise .
While venture-backed companies in the Boston area raised $ 2.6 billion in public offerings since the beginning of 2012 , businesses in the San Francisco Bay Area raised nearly $ 26 billion , according to data complied for Re/code by Thomson Reuters and the National Venture Capital Association .
That 10X difference adds up to enormous impacts on local wealth and the region 's tax base , and holds back the wave of startups that inevitably follows as workers cash out and try their own hands as entrepreneurs .
So saying it 's all okay because “ we do the hard stuff ” can come across as a rationalization for what are economic-development failures by any accounting , most notably including the fact that Facebook 's IPO alone accounted for $ 16 billion of the gap between the regions .
It also overlooks a lot of work under way in Silicon Valley that 's plenty hard and important , such as Elon Musk 's efforts to push mainstream acceptance of electric cars , or just about anything going on at Google X , the secretive lab developing smart contact lenses , self-driving cars and Internet balloons .
There are perfectly valid reasons why those things draw more attention than , say , “ Kayak or ITA Software or HubSpot . ”
But Rowe built up to a bigger point : Chasing down consumer tech at the expense of what Greater Boston is best at would be precisely the wrong thing to do , at least in part because few observers expect the kind of ardor and valuations we 're seeing for dating apps , social networks and Ubers-for-whatever to last .
He argued that the next great corporate empires are more likely to emerge at the intersection of tech and life sciences , squarely in Greater Boston 's sweet spot , than from ever more variations on today 's consumer-tech themes . In other words , there 's a good chance they 'll form within walking distance of the Cambridge Innovation Center , if not within it .
“ It 's nice to have an app that 'll allow you to order pizza faster , ” he said . “ But something that allows you to beat Alzheimer 's is possibly going to have more value . ”
Additional reporting by Jason Del Rey .
File photo taken on March 14th 2017 shows Geert Wilders pictured ahead of a televised debate . Photo : AFP
Dutch prosecutors have rejected an Austrian request to prosecute MP Geert Wilders over alleged inflammatory remarks about Islam during a visit to Vienna two years ago , officials said Wednesday .
The decision comes after Austria requested judicial assistance from the Dutch following a March 2015 speech by Wilders at a gathering of Austria 's far-right Freedom Party ( FPÖ ) .
`` Insulting a religion or a religious community in the Netherlands , as opposed to Austria , is not punishable by law , '' the public prosecutor 's office said , adding that incendiary words would have to target a specific group within that religion .
`` Dutch prosecutors therefore turned down Austria 's request , '' the prosecutors said .
READ ALSO : How an anti-Islam speech in Austria is causing Geert Wilders legal grief
The prosecution service conceded that `` some individuals may have been insulted by the statements . But that 's a separate issue , and not something that can be prosecuted . ''
Wilders is said to have told an audience that `` Islam is an ideology of war and hatred '' and `` Islam calls on people to become terrorists -- the Koran leaves no doubt about it '' , according to Dutch media reports .
The speech spurred an Austrian-based Muslim organisation to file a complaint of incitement against Wilders .
Wilders responded Wednesday in a tweet , saying : `` Good . The only correct decision . The truth must be able to be told , specifically about the Islam ! ''
A local Dutch court convicted him of discrimination in December , but acquitted him on a charge of hate speech over comments he made about Moroccans living in the Netherlands during a 2014 campaign rally .
He has previously compared the Koran to Adolf Hitler 's `` Mein Kampf '' , which he wants banned , and his Freedom Party ( PVV ) has vowed to close all mosques and Islamic schools in the Netherlands .
In March elections this year , the PVV failed to live up to early predictions that it would top the polls , though it still managed to come in second , increasing its number of MPs to 20 from 12 in the outgoing parliament .
Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said he is not responsible for the life expectancy of Iranian scientists in an exclusive interview with German newspaper Der Spiegel to be published early next week .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
`` I believe many historical studies will yet deal with the question of how the nuclear agreement with Iran was reached , Ya'alon said . `` My gut feeling is that political leaders in the West preferred to postpone the problem to the next day , the next year , the next term of office . There have been certain points in history when people believed that appeasement could bring a solution , but ultimately paid a very high price , and that 's exactly the case with Iran today . ''
Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon ( Photo : Reuters )
`` The negotiations managed by the powers led by the United States with the Iranian regime were a historic mistake , '' continued Ya'alon , who was interviewed this week by Ronen Bergman and Holger Stark .
`` The deal will allow Iran to now become a country on the threshold of a military nuclear capability . Within a decade , they will be permitted to enrich uranium without any limits . Within a few months , if the deal is indeed implemented , the Iranians will receive hundreds of millions of dollars that they can use not only to improve the economy , but also for 'exporting the revolution ' , as they call it , give Hezbollah more money , give more money to Hamas or the Palestinian Islamic Jihad , give more money for the Houthis in Yemen , the Shi'ites in Bahrain , or the Shi'ites in Saudi Arabia . And what about the missiles covering all of Israel and parts of Europe ? This subject is not even past of the nuclear deal . ''
Ya'aon said the only effective strategy against Iran is using pressure `` that places a very clear dilemma before the regime : a nuclear bomb or surviving as a regime . This strategy is composed of diplomatic isolation of the regime and paralyzing economic sanctions , The final element of the strategy is a believable military option : If you do n't abide by the UN resolution , you are going to be attacked . ''
The defense minister said Western hopes that the agreement would lead to political reform in the Islamic Republic are misguided and that human rights violations will only increase . `` The still use cranes to hang people in markets , '' he said . `` This is not going to be the Iranian Spring . I suggest that everyone forget about McDonald 's in Tehran . ''
Asked whether Iran can not serve a constructive role in the fight against the Islamic State terror organization , Ya'alon replied ; `` That is the only constructive role that Iran could possibly fill . In all the other regional conflicts , in Syria , Yemen , or the Gaza Strip , the Iranians are on the wrong side . This is an apocalyptic , messianic regime attempting to form a Shi'ite empire. ``
The newspaper then asked Ya'alon a hypothetical question : If the heads of military intelligence and the Mossad were to tell him in the future that Iran had restarted the military aspects of its nuclear project – would he recommend a military strike on nuclear facilities ?
`` In such a situation , we would have to discuss the issue , '' said Ya'alon . `` Ultimately , it 's very clear – one way or another , Iran 's military nuclear program must be stopped . We will work in every way and be unwilling to tolerate a nuclear-armed Iran . We prefer that this be done through a deal or sanctions , but ultimately , Israel must be prepared to protect itself . ''
Regarding Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee 's comparison between the agreement and opening the ovens at the death camps , Ya'alon said that `` we have enough disagreement with the White House about the deal with Iran . The situation is bad enough without requiring such expressions . ''
Health care costs can be difficult to plan for when saving for retirement . ( Photo11 : Thinkstock )
For seven in 10 Medicare beneficiaries 2016 will be much like 2015 . They will pay $ 104.90 per month for their Medicare Part B premium just as they did in 2015 .
But 2016 might not be anything like 2015 for some 30 % of Medicare beneficiaries — roughly 7 million or so Americans . That 's because premiums for individuals could increase a jaw-dropping 52 % to $ 159.30 per month ( $ 318.60 for married couples ) . And for individuals whose incomes exceed certain thresholds , premiums could rise to anywhere from $ 223.00 per month up to $ 509.80 ( or $ 446 to $ 1,019.60 for married couples ) , depending on their incomes .
What gives ? Blame the “ hold harmless ” provision in the law that addresses cost-of-living adjustments ( COLA ) for Social Security benefits .
That law limits the dollar increase in the premium to the dollar increase in an individual 's Social Security benefit , according to a report by Alicia Munnell of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College .
Alicia Munnell of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College . ( Photo11 : Handout )
At the moment , the consumer price index ( CPI ) is not expected to increase in the period used to determine the COLA for 2016 .
And that means it 's very likely that Social Security recipients — for just the third time since automatic adjustments were adopted in 1975 — will not receive an increase in their benefit next year , according to Munnell 's report .
No COLA means no increase in Medicare Part B premiums . Or at least that 's the case for 70 % of Medicare beneficiaries who are collecting Social Security and do n't pay an income-related higher Medicare Part B premium , says Mark Lumia , founder and CEO of True Wealth Group in Lady Lake , Fla. , and author of Thinking Outside the Money Box .
Mark Lumia , founder and CEO of True Wealth Group and author of `` Thinking Outside the Money Box . '' ( Photo11 : Conan Segrest )
As for the remaining 30 % of beneficiaries , they have to cover the difference . “ Under current law , Part B premiums for other beneficiaries must be raised enough to offset premiums forgone due to the hold harmless provision , ” says Lumia .
Medicare Part B covers services such as lab tests , surgeries and doctor visits , and supplies such as wheelchairs and walkers that are considered medically necessary .
Who must pay the higher Medicare Part B premium ? This group includes individuals who enroll in Part B for the first time in 2016 ; enrollees who do not receive a Social Security benefit ; beneficiaries who are directly billed for their Part B premium ; current enrollees who pay an income-related higher premium ; and dual Medicare-Medicaid beneficiaries , whose full premiums are paid by state Medicaid programs , according to this year 's Medicare Trustee 's report .
What might you do or consider if you 're among those who have to pay the higher “ not held harmless ” Medicare Part B premium ?
Individuals who enroll in Part B for the first time in 2016 . “ Enroll earlier if you 're already 65 and otherwise eligible , ” says Michael Kitces , publisher of The Kitces Report and author of the Nerd 's Eye View blog . “ If you 're not eligible now , I 'm afraid you 're stuck . ”
Michael Kitces , publisher of The Kitces Report ( Photo11 : Handout )
Enrollees who do not receive a Social Security benefit . Those who are already on Medicare now , or could apply immediately , and who were going to start Social Security benefits in the next year or so might consider applying right now instead , Kitces says .
“ Those who file in the coming weeks should be able to get both Social Security benefits and Medicare in November and December , which are the two months used for measuring , and therefore make themselves eligible , ” he says .
If you are among those who are currently considering different Social Security claiming strategies — such as file-and-suspend , restricted application and delay to age 70 — there 's no getting around it . You 'll have to do cost-benefit analysis to determine if the benefit of the strategy is greater than the cost of the increased Medicare Part B premium .
In the long run , though , Kitces says those who anticipate living a long time and who will benefit from delaying Social Security by several years should still delay . “ The value of delaying Social Security is far more beneficial than the squeeze from hold harmless , ” he says . Read Social Security And Medicare Claiming Strategies To Navigate The Looming 52 % Medicare Part B Premium Spike and How The Medicare “ Hold Harmless ” Rules May Spike Part B Premiums By 52 % In 2016 .
Beneficiaries who are directly billed for their Part B premium . If you 're already getting Social Security benefits , request to have your Part B premium deducted from your Social Security check ASAP , and you should still have time to be eligible for hold harmless , says Kitces .
Current enrollees who pay an income-related higher premium . “ It is critically important for folks to review the Social Security notice of 2016 Medicare B premiums that will be in mailboxes later this fall , ” says Katy Votava , president of Goodcare.com in Rochester , N.Y. “ It 's not uncommon for people to qualify for a decrease because their income drops to a lower bracket as a result of specific life-changing events. ” The problem , says Votava , is that Social Security does n't know about those life-changing events unless the person notifies the agency .
Katy Votava , president of Goodcare.com . ( Photo11 : Handout )
For those whose incomes are still above the thresholds : “ Unfortunately you 're stuck here , ” says Kitces . The Income-Related Medicare Adjustment Amount ( IRMAA ) was already locked in based on 2014 income . “ If possible , get your 2015 income below the line , so that at least if hold harmless kicks in again ... you can benefit slightly from the second time it flows through , ” says Kitces .
Dual Medicare-Medicaid beneficiaries , whose full premiums are paid by state Medicaid programs . “ Since your Medicare premiums are being paid by the state at this point , it does n't effectively matter whether hold harmless applies for you or not , as to the extent higher premiums occur , they will be paid by the state anyway , ” says Kitces . “ Not surprisingly , I believe there are some states who are not so happy about this . ”
Back to normal . It 's also worth noting that in a few years , says Kitces , that when CPI presumably does increase again and Social Security benefits rise , the excess premiums on the 30 % essentially unwind themselves .
“ That 's why Medicare premiums dropped in 2013 , after being up in 2011 and 2012 the last time this hold harmless scenario played out , ” he says . “ Which means , again , if you were n't going to start Social Security and/or Medicare for several years anyway , this is a non-issue . It 's just those who would have started both , and soon , who may wish to accelerate claiming to try to get in under the wire . ”
Robert Powell is editor of Retirement Weekly , contributes regularly to USA TODAY , The Wall Street Journal and MarketWatch . Got questions about money ? Email Bob at rpowell @ allthingsretirement.com .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1LimDsa
Story highlights The plant manager says he does n't think the injuries are life-threatening
The sheriff explains the deadly incident `` was kind of like a balloon popping ''
The plant manager says it 's still not known what happened
The explosion comes a day after a chemical plant blast in the area killed 2
One person died and eight others were injured in a blast Friday evening at a chemical plant in Donaldsonville , Louisiana , police said .
The incident occurred at a CF Industries facility in the Mississippi River community of about 7,500 people , located some 40 miles south of Baton Rouge . According to its website , CF Industries is `` the second largest nitrogen fertilizer producer in the world and the third largest phosphate fertilizer producer among public companies . ''
Nitrogen was being offloaded from a tanker truck inside the Donaldsonville plant when `` a small vessel ruptured , '' plant manager Louis Frey said .
`` We do n't know exactly what happened , '' he said .
Frey insisted `` there was no explosion and no fire . It ruptured . '' Ascension Parish Sheriff Jeffrey Wiley explained , `` It was kind of like a balloon popping . ''
Two of the eight people injured were airlifted from the plant , and Frey said it was his understanding none of the injuries are considered life-threatening . Louisiana State Police Lt. John Cannon had told CNN that two people were critically injured in the incident .
JUST WATCHED Dozens injured in refinery explosion Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dozens injured in refinery explosion 01:25
JUST WATCHED Fire under control at chemical plant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fire under control at chemical plant 01:33
The parish sheriff stressed that there was never any danger to the general public from the blast or any dispersal of chemicals .
`` This was an isolated incident that was ... immediately contained , '' Wiley said . `` There was never a threat of ... off-site impact . ''
The blast comes a day after two people died and more than 100 others were injured in an explosion at another at Louisiana chemical plant -- that one in Geismar , which is about 10 miles north of Donaldsonville and also in Ascension Parish .
Authorities did n't know immediately what caused that explosion at the Williams plant , which produces about 1.3 billion pounds of ethylene and 90 million pounds of polymer-grade propylene each year , according to the company 's website .
In addition to 29-year-old Zachary Green 's death , dozens were hospitalized for burns , cardiac issues and blunt trauma , Louisiana Department of Health spokeswoman Christina Stephens said .
The U.S. Chemical Board -- the independent federal agency that probes industrial chemical incidents -- announced Friday that one of its investigative teams was heading to Geismar .
Both explosions happened two months after 15 died following a fire and twin blasts at a fertilizer plant facility that decimated homes , businesses and more within 37 blocks of West , Texas , a town 20 miles north of Waco .
For so long , he seemed to have it so good .
When everybody seemed to be collapsing all around him , one thinks of gone-but-not forgotten creaking contemporaries such as Marat Safin , David Nalbandian and Andy Roddick , Roger Federer appeared to be peculiarly protected from the inevitable ravages of time . Almost as if an age-halting emollient had covered his gilded and gliding joints .
The news that he will not play at next month 's Olympic Games , the US Open or the rest of the year due to a dodgy knee should probably not be viewed as a huge surprise after such a distressed season . Yet is still shocking when Federer had lived such a charmed life in his 18-year professional career until gravity took a grip earlier this year .
We are heading for the post-Federer era in tennis , perhaps from as soon as next season if he can no longer manage the inevitable decline that tends to afflict all aging athletes . But where there is life , there is hope .
Federer 's fire continues to burn brightly judging by his statement on Facebook last night .
According to his agent Tony Godsick speaking to ESPN , there is no `` doom and gloom '' in the Swiss artist 's camp after reaching the last four in Halle and Wimbledon on grass despite being slightly off colour wearing all white .
`` In the end , I think he realised the competition , as tough as it is , you do n't help yourself by playing less than your best , '' said Godsick .
`` Now he can manage his schedule , and take the steps necessary to get bigger , faster and stronger . ''
Witnessing Federer tumble in the Wimbledon semi-final against Milos Raonic on Centre Court earlier this month - before tumbling out in five sets - had left many commentators fearing that we might have seen the last of the great man in London .
For the first time in living memory , he required a trainer to appear on court to study his knee . Twice in one match . A few nervous laughs greeted the moment among the crowd immediately after he fell , but Federer appreciated the poignancy of such a slip .
`` I hope it 's not so bad . I walked it off . I was able to finish , '' he said . `` But I do n't slip a lot . I do n't ever fall down . It was a different fall for me than I 've ever had. ``
Federer has managed to play only seven events this season , and the strain he is placing on the knee has obviously created enough concern among medical professionals to recommend complete rest and rehabilitation .
The situation must be serious . Otherwise Federer would never have willingly deprived himself of his final realistic chance to win an Olympic gold in singles . It was one of his few remaining goals in a sport he could walk away from , and be declared the greatest .
Federer twice needed treatment at Wimbledon.Eurosport
When he was forced to withdraw from the World Tour final at London 's O2 against Novak Djokovic in 2014 , he returned a week later to help Switzerland throttle France to land the Davis Cup . The back appeared to be as durable as titanium , apparently made in Basel from gold bullion .
He contested the finals of Wimbledon and the US Open a year ago , losing both to Novak Djokovic . At the age of 34 , his main thought process seemed to revolve around how to formulate plans to land the elusive 18th Grand Slam .
Then 2016 reared its head , and all that changed .
He lost again to Djokovic in the semi-finals of the Australian Open in January , but there was nothing to suggest he should deviate away from the grand plan with his opponent playing some of the best tennis in the sport 's history on his way to sweeping aside Andy Murray in the final .
Fatherhood is said to affect all sportsmen , and brought Federer 's season to an unforeseen halt when he damaged a knee after an innocuous moment .
He required surgery for the first time in his career , an arthroscopy to repair a torn meniscus sustained while running a bath for his twin daughters .
`` I 'm very happy how it went , but clearly that was very sad when I did get the news I did have to have an operation because I thought I was going to get through my career without any , '' he said back in March . `` It was a big shock and yeah , disappointing. ``
A sequence of appearing in 65 straight Grand Slams was ended when he withdrew from the French Open in May . He will suddenly miss a first US Open since 1999 .
If he was crestfallen in May , imagine how he must be feeling at the moment ?
Old age does not come alone . In professional sport , the body tends to tell the athlete when enough is enough . Fate eventually masters all great champions .
Federer will be 35 when he relaunches his career ahead of the Australian Open in January . He will be out of the world 's top 16 by then , facing a hazardous draw when he could be forced to confront some serious younger foes after five months without proper competition .
Video - Roger Federer is out for rest of year . 00:24
Federer has gone beyond the point when one wonders if he should call it a day . He passed that point after winning Wimbledon in 2012 , but has reached a stage where he is serving to stay in his career . Probably on a yearly basis .
Rage , rage against the dying of the light , but for how long can he distract the human body 's inevitable decline ?
The huge physical and mental demands should not be underestimated . Yet Federer must still harbour ambitions of being the oldest man behind 37-year-old Ken Rosewall in 1972 to lift a Grand Slam . It all comes down to desire which Federer has never been short of .
Even if retirement is suddenly a much likelier bedfellow than another Grand Slam title , let 's accept the words of his agent at face value . Let 's hope a New Year brings a fresh start .
Let 's cling to the hope one of sport 's greatest artists can paint a rosier picture across the world 's tennis courts .
At least for a few more engrossing years yet .
Desmond Kane
( UPDATED ) Madam Claudia , an anonymous page known to be critical of Duterte and his staunch supporters , is taken down by Facebook more than once
Published 4:15 PM , December 27 , 2016
MANILA , Philippines ( UPDATED ) – A popular Facebook page known for being critical of President Duterte and some of his supporters was taken down on December 24 .
The page in question is `` Madam Claudia , '' which at the time of being taken down had more than 40,000 followers . The page is known for espousing critical views on the President , the fanatical devotion of some of his followers , and staunch Duterte supporters like Mocha Uson Blog and Mr. Riyoh .
The page 's stance had elicited a negative reaction among some of the pro-Duterte crowd , which culminated in the page 's take-down on Saturday , December 24 .
One of the last few posts of the page was of a supposed `` tanim shabu '' modus . The modus , according to the post , is done by some police to beef up the administration 's drug war achievements . Three hours after the post was put up , the Madam Claudia page had been taken down , say its administrators .
Since the take-down , Madam Claudia has started a new page that currently has more than 8,000 followers . The first attempt to create a new one failed after it was again taken down by Facebook in just a few hours . The incident demonstrates that Facebook 's reporting tool can be used to silence voices that other groups believe are contradictory to theirs .
The `` Superficial Gazette of the Philippines , '' a Facebook page espousing a stance similar to Madam Claudia 's , posted the following screenshot to show that the pro-Duterte crowd had been behind the take-down :
A search on Facebook for the term `` Madam Claudia '' also revealed a number of individuals showing that they reported the page :
As we 've reported before , the pro-Duterte group , Duterte Cyber Warriors ( DCW ) , has also admitted that they resort to 'extrajudicial reporting ' select accounts as a way for their community to vent their frustrations . There is currently no direct proof imputing the DCW 's involvement in the current incident . However , they do have an announcement on their page calling for supporters to report Facebook pages spreading lies . The post went , `` I-report nyo na sa amin yang mga nagkakalat ng kasinungalingan na mga fb page . ''
Along with that , there have been multiple attempts to take down the Madam Claudia page in the past . One of those attempts calling for mass action can be seen in the screenshot below , taken from a DCW Facebook group :
The online skirmishes among the pro- and anti-Duterte groups have also brought about similar takedowns of comments , posts , or pages on both sides , including the temporary deletion of content from journalists Ed Lingao , Nonoy Espina , and Inday Espina-Varona , as well as the deletion of comments from Sass Rogando Sasot , a noted writer among pro-Duterte circles . – Rappler.com
If you came out of Spider-Man : Homecoming thinking you must have dozed off for a second and missed the trailer 's money shot of Spider-Man and Peter Parker flying through the streets of Queens , then fear not as director Jon Watts has revealed that it was created specifically for the marketing campaign , and was never intended to be part of the movie .
“ I think what happened was in the very first trailer they wanted a shot of Spider-Man and Iron Man flying together , ” Watts told ScreenCrush . “ And they were going to use something from the Staten Island Ferry [ scene ] , but it just did n't look that great , the background plate , because the Staten Island terminal is a very simple building . It almost looks like an unrendered 3D object . So I think I was like ‘ Let 's just put them in Queens . Let 's use that as a backdrop . ' Because we could n't just create a whole new shot , so let 's just use one of these shots of the subway ; put them in there . I feel a little weird that there 's a shot in the trailer that 's not in the movie at all , but it 's a cool shot . It 's funny , I forgot that we did that . ”
SEE ALSO : Jon Watts on the possibility of Morbius , Blade and The Chameleon in Spider-Man : Homecoming 2
The Iron Man / Spider-Man scene was n't the only shot created especially for marketing purposes , with Watts adding that : “ The hotel atrium shot [ of the Vulture ] was originally created for Comic-Con , for like a sizzle reel before we had really shot anything ; we had shot like two weeks of footage or something . That was never meant to be in the movie . But I did use that angle for Vulture 's reveal at the beginning of the movie ; Vulture 's hovering , swooping towards the camera like that . I used that shot , it 's just no longer in an Atlanta hotel atrium . ”
This is n't the first time that we 've seen shots created exclusively for promotional purposes , with Rogue One : A Star Wars Story director Gareth Edwards revealing earlier this year that the shot of Felicity Jones ' Jyn Erso squaring off against a TIE Fighter was never intended to be in the film . Seems to be a growing trend . Perhaps we 'll soon have to start seeing a “ Not Actual Movie Footage ” disclaimer a la the video game industry…
SEE ALSO : Binge-Watching the Spider-Man Movie Series
A young Peter Parker/Spider-Man ( Tom Holland ) , who made his sensational debut in Captain America : Civil War , begins to navigate his newfound identity as the web-slinging superhero in Spider-Man : Homecoming . Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers , Peter returns home , where he lives with his Aunt May ( Marisa Tomei ) , under the watchful eye of his new mentor Tony Stark ( Robert Downey , Jr. ) . Peter tries to fall back into his normal daily routine – distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man – but when the Vulture ( Michael Keaton ) emerges as a new villain , everything that Peter holds most important will be threatened .
Did you know that , depending on the quality of your soil and the size of your family , you can grow all the food you need in a very small space ?
Most Americans think that without large-scale industrial agriculture , with its chemical inputs and GMOs , we would all starve to death . They think that acres upon acres of row crops or overcrowded herds and flocks are required or there simply would n't be enough food to go around .
Feeding your family simply requires designing a food production system that works with natural processes to make the most of what you have instead of focusing on profit alone like a large scale industrial farm .
Even people who know that organic farming is just as productive as industrial farms often think that it takes acres of land to grow enough food for a family . Here 's why this simply is n't true…
Small Scale Farming = Ultra-Productive Gardening
Biointensive micro/mini-farming is a small-scale farming system that is really ultra-focused and ultra-productive backyard gardening .
John Jeavons , the father of modern day biointensive gardening , is famous for his saying “ grow more vegetables than you ever thought possible on less land than you can imagine . ”
Biotensive gardening is all about soil care and special gardening techniques . Together they work so well that you can grow a completely nutritious and calorie-full diet in less than 1000 square feet ( not including animal products ) .
My favorite book to get started with Biointensive mini-farming is called How to Grow More Vegetables by John Jeavons . This resource is the holy grail of small space gardening and mini farming .
Biointensive gardens require some soil preparation work up front , including the infamous “ double digging ” , but it 's still cheaper to start than other popular small scale gardening techniques , such as square-foot or lasagna gardening .
For all your efforts in preparation , your gardens will be drought and weed resistant and very easy to maintain for decades to come .
When combined with permaculture , you can create a complete homestead that is not only highly productive , but also very low maintenance .
Building Your Homestead For Your Needs
As homesteading and self-sufficiency have hit the mainstream over the past few years , dozens of books have been written on nearly every detail of the homesteading lifestyle .
My two favorite of these are The Backyard Homestead and Your Custom Homestead .
The Backyard Homestead will give you ideas and detailed techniques for creating your gardens , chicken coops , and more . They show you how to meet all your food needs on as little as a tenth of an acre !
It 's also packed full of great organic gardening information , animal husbandry , food preservation techniques plus a lot more .
The Backyard Homestead is a great go-to book to get you started on a small ( or large ) lot .
Your Custom Homestead , on the other hand , walks you through a detailed 21-day process that moves you closer to your homesteading dreams one step at a time .
It takes you through the actual processes of beginning a homesteading lifestyle from scratch and gives guidance on how to perfectly fit homesteading into your unique lifestyle .
This makes it a great fit for everyone , whether you live in an apartment in the city or have 500 acres to play with .
Permaculture Mixed With Off the Grid Living
Permaculture is short for “ permanent agriculture ” . It covers all aspects of the design and development of a sustainable self-sufficient homestead , and then some .
It 's a very broad field , so broad that you could spend a lifetime learning about Permaculture . Luckily the average homesteader does n't need an entire philosophy or a lifetime of study to build a sustainable homestead .
One book in particular , Gaia 's Garden , breaks down the necessary permaculture techniques for an urban or suburban setting .
From planting fruit trees in ways that increase yields to building renewable energy systems that fit your family 's needs , it will help you implement vital permaculture wisdom into your homestead design .
Gaia 's Garden makes permaculture seem simple and accessible to the new homesteader .
The plant lists at the end are worth the price of the book alone .
If you have a quarter acre or more of good land ( or land that you 're willing to make good ) and a dream of greater self-sufficiency , then these resources are a must-have .
[ Editor 's note : This story was updated at 8:55 a.m. CT Feb . 24 . ]
HOUSTON—The oil and gas industry is coming back to life across U.S. shale plays , with the still Permian Basin leading the way .
Despite the Permian 's A & D and capex already sizeable lead —the basin has already seen at least $ 14 billion in deals in the first two months of 2017 and increased spending—Robert Clarke , research director at Wood Mackenzie , does n't discount the return of other shale plays .
Clarke said he would put his money on the Powder River Basin for the exploration play of the year , though he 's already concerned about the speed of the rebound so far .
“ It is very aggressive—more aggressive than we 've seen in prior cycles , ” Clarke said during the 2017 NAPE Summit business conference on Feb. 15 .
Driven by the recent stability of oil prices at $ 50 a barrel , Clarke said the best U.S. energy companies are looking at double digit growth for 2017 . However , the effect of such accelerated development might lead to higher costs and less efficiency for producers .
A leading indicator of the growing optimism in the industry is the rig count , which has been shooting upward for the past 14 weeks .
During the week of Feb. 10 , U.S. drillers added eight oil rigs , bringing the total count up to 591—the most since October 2015 , according to Baker Hughes Inc. ( NYSE : BHI ) . Overall , the monthly rate of rig additions in the U.S. over the past four weeks is the highest it 's been since 2012 .
“ I think we 're at a point now where it 's going to be a bit challenging . It 's not that we ca n't continue to add more [ rigs ] , but costs are going to go up and that 's going to impact breakevens , ” Clarke said .
As a result , Clarke predicts the industry could be entering a period where massive efficiency gains achieved during the downturn slow down .
On a brighter note , Clarke said opportunities are emerging for operators outside the “ Delaware buzz . ”
“ The recovery is just not in the core of the core , it 's just not in the Permian . Plays like the Eagle Ford do n't die a quiet death , ” he said .
As the industry recovers , Wood Mackenzie projects that 30 % of all rigs added in the U.S. will go into the Permian . This leaves 70 % of rig additions across multiple basins and multiple plays , Clarke said .
Going forward , Clarke said a modest demand growth is leading to a growing call on U.S. Lower 48 supply . Outside of the Lower 48 onshore production , supply is projected to be broadly flat to 2020 , creating an opportunity for U.S. shale producers .
“ The gap between global demand and non-U.S. global supply… that 's ours to go for , ” Clarke said . “ We want to provide a lot barrels for the global market , but we do n't want to be that last barrel because that last barrel sets the price . ”
Emily Patsy can be reached at epatsy @ hartenergy.com .
An ominous introduction hovers and hesitates , uncorking four-on-the-four French tech-house , and before you know it , Boom ! Mama . There . Goes . That . Man . Jason Kay , riding a clandestine clavinet , is back in the saddle again , slangin ' the soulful salutations that we 've missed so . Not coincidentally , the lyric “ Blow my mind ” announces the bass drop , and “ Shake it On ” is on and poppin ' . Disco queens scorch the scene , the bass and clavinet dance a heavenly housequake , afloat cinematic strings , Quiet Storm guitars and bold synths . All the elements that make Jamiroquai sui generis are clear and present , this is code red , Danger ! The first record in seven long years is Jay 's Ferrari out on the open highway , buffalo-man headdress blowin ' in the wind ; and they are tossing the kitchen sink at you on the very first song .
After two mediocre offerings in a row ( following a five album run that rivals any artist of my lifetime ) , the count was full for Jay Kay and his band of acid-jazz funksters . Would this be the nail in their proverbial coffin ? Had the cutting edge and cultural zeitgeist passed them by ? Was JK packing stadiums the globe over on nostalgia alone ? 2005 's Dynamite and 2010 's Rock Dust Light Star were met with stateside yawns , and though they were well-received around the world , the art simply did n't resonate as it did during their decadent and demonstrative first decade .
Fact is , the jury was out on whether or not this funk odyssey had run its course . Kay and keyboardist/songwriter Matt Johnson decamped to the singer 's posh Chillington Studios on and off for several years , tweaking ideas and fleshing out concepts . The duo emerged from seclusion having crafted the new record Automaton , centered around a theme of post-millennial disconnect ; a lack of authentic human communication and interaction has created a computerized cage for human beings .
Swinging second is title track “ Automaton , ” a curious number , obtuse Justice-like trappings unearth a dystopian future of the digitized and automated . Oh the horror ! As a preview single , the music felt troubling- if adventurous ; but in the context of the entire record , it clicks . This is an Orwellian-bent British Mantronix remixed for a new millenium , though no doubt an acquired , intelligent taste . The band follows with second single “ Cloud 9 ” , a warm , boozy bass-lead jam that paints Jamiroquai by the numbers , floozy and flirtatious . A chunky hook and Rob Harris ' choice guitar save the tune from the generic heap ; the song 's resolution outro almost feels like victory .
“ Superfresh ” pulls a vocoder-page from the Daft Punk playbook , a nu-disco thumper , if a bit gimmicky . Given Kay 's propensity for high-brow commentary over the years , the sophomoric “ Superfresh ” lyrics feel beneath him , yet nobody rocks disco for it 's poetic justice . “ Hot Property ” also suffers from the lowest common denominator linguistics , as well as providing yet another disco-fied beat . Jason Kay continues unapologetic , waxing nostalgic funky-town fever , Shaft-worthy string arrangements embellishing Ocean Yacht egocentricity .
At this juncture , after the first spins through a few tunes , this writer must admit- there was cause for concern , my internal alarms were ringing . Was another sound dying ? Is this all going to be French proto-house , phoned-in dream pop , and four-on-the-floor disco workouts ? Is this just an aging great taking the path of the least resistance ? Will we forever long for Stuart Zender to come home ? Just at the very moment I started having those thoughts thought up , at the precipice of a permeating skepticism , a roller-skating jam bassline and massive Moog tones hijack “ Hot Property ” , and drummer of two-plus decades Derrick McKenzie pushes the team into a funkdafied crescendo . Do n't write their obituary just yet ; indeed , there will be blood .
Jay Kay comes for the jugular with “ Something About You , ” his shiny , syrupy vocals atop quintessential Jamiroquai , an electro-funkin ' pop-groove recipe from the Funk Odyssey cookbook . Firmly planted in the Reagan 80 's with triggered toms and synth 'd strings , inimitable JK croons tip-toe between perfectly-placed hand-claps and chicken scratch guitars . Jamiroquai may be gluten-free in 2017 , but best believe they 're still rich with instrumentation and luscious , sing-along choruses , triumphant resolutions riding torrid outro jams .
`` How are we gon na take the old Jamiroquai sound , and do something to it for 2017 ? We wanted to strike the balance between the electronica side of us and the live side… So , it sounds like us , but it 's moved forward. ” # Automaton Posted by Jamiroquai on Thursday , March 30 , 2017
Break out the backspins , cardboard and capoeira , as a positively filthy Fender bassline , and old-school hip-hop breakbeats announce “ Nights Out in the Jungle , ” the intergalactic Bronx park-jam gone Studio 54 . Kay 's prophetic falsetto bemoans the media 's manipulation of his late friend , singer Amy Winehouse , and warns of his own “ checkered past with the paparazzi. ” Meanwhile , McKenzie 's crunkalogic drums propel Paul Turner 's ferocious low-end theory . Wait , what 's that , a turntablist scratching in a freaking chimpanzee ? ! Screeching surf-guitars serve up the Sriracha , long time assassin Sola Akingbola deploying hard-driving bongo-breaks ; the bass and percussion shift unexpectedly into a fantastic flute-down , a tribalized section of rainforest B-boy . “ Nights Out in the Jungle ” is break-dancing naked on a runaway freight train ; this is Jamiroquai 2.0 at their absolute zenith .
In a virtual instant , eerie sounds give way to ginormous , unabashed Yacht Rock ; vivacious female vocals saunter above shimmering urges , delivering us to the office of one “ Dr . Buzz. ” Another cautionary tale , this of urban blight and a morally-bankrupt Western culture , all the while doubling as the latest in JK 's canon of cannabis celebrations . A de-facto homage to Steely Dan , its AOR sensibility and biting , satirical edge betray an ostentatious energy ; this is feelgood music to the core . Halfway through the gouda gluttony , while the “ West is gettin ' so wild… ” JK , McKenzie , and Turner stop on a dime , pivoting into future funk . The rhythm section brings the savagery , and Jay 's raw , weathered falsetto steers the squadron toward liberation . Swimming in sulty synth , a percussion break hints at full detonation ; instead , like a silver surfer emerging the barrel , the band arrives back at the original “ Dr . Buzz ” motif . With that , a soaring sax solo dances within Moogs and Mary Janes , Harris ' wealthy axe-tone wails tubuler , and Automaton MVP Matt Johnson 's ARP swirls around McKenzie 's merciless metronome . “ Dr . Buzz ” is a classic twist in the Becker/Fagan tradition ; and within it Jamiroquai has kicked down yet another door of perception , we can see their colors sprayed up on the wall .
“ We Can Do It ” visits familiar territories in vibe and geography , drifting along to Jamaican shores with panache , Motown-disco-ska straight out of the United Kingdom . A decidedly throwback jam , this song feels neither staid nor played . Super cruising down the home stretch , the reggae-vibes finally shine through as the “ We Can Do It ” fades into the ether .
Another spectral introduction belies an ambitious , mouth-watering half-time riddim ; and rolling synth-bass thrusts the groove into steezy netherworlds. ” Vitamin ” is everything we always dreamt this Jamiroquai could be , and so much more . Twenty years ago , on “ Do You Know Where You 're Coming From ? ” this krewe invented organic breakbeat in the band setting , only to solidify the blueprint on 1999 's “ Planet Home. ” “ Vitamin ” officially ups the ante all these years later , and takes the handoff to the house . Nevermind that it 's a defiant kiss off to Jay Kay 's rumored demon albatross , and a firm F-You to a career filled with numerous naysayers and many a short shrift . Incorporating sizzling , ravenous rhythms , libidinous bottom end , and all things Space Cowboy , this is the iconic , trendsetting Jamiroquai we have loved for so long . Clearly , they 've still got that magic touch ; “ Vitamin ” is nothing short of an instant classic .
Jamiroquai . Automaton . Just when you thought you were out , they pull you back in .
Key Tracks : Vitamin , Nights Out in the Jungle , Dr. Buzz , Something About You
Words : B.Getz
Melvyn Bragg and his guests discuss the work and influence of Maimonides.Widely regarded as the greatest Jewish philosopher of the medieval period , Maimonides was also a physician and rabbinical authority . Also known as Rambam , his writings include a 14-volume work on Jewish law , the Mishneh Torah , which is still widely used today , and the Guide for the Perplexed , a central work of medieval philosophy . Although undoubtedly a titan of Jewish intellectual history , Maimonides was also profoundly influenced by the Islamic world . He exerted a strong influence on later Islamic philosophy , as well as on thinkers ranging from Thomas Aquinas to Leibniz and Newton.With : John HaldaneProfessor of Philosophy at the University of St AndrewsSarah StroumsaAlice and Jack Ormut Professor of Arabic Studies and currently Rector at the Hebrew University of JerusalemPeter AdamsonProfessor of Ancient and Medieval Philosophy at King 's College London.Producer : Thomas Morris .
Show less
In 2002 , 94.9 million Americans admitted having used marijuana at some point in their lives . In 2008 , that figure had grown to 102.4 million . In percentage terms , that 's an increase from 40.4 percent in 2002 to 40.6 percent in 2008 – unchanged , statistically speaking . [ MPP ]
No matter how many lies they tell , no matter how many lives they rip apart , the brave soldiers in the war on drugs wake up everyday in a country where marijuana is part of a healthy lifestyle for millions of responsible adults : For all the insulting outlandish , and just plain stupid propaganda that the drug czar 's office has been shoving down our throats , nothing has changed . Nothing , that is , except public support for legalization , which continues to climb The drug czar has n't said a word about the latest data on drug use rates , and it 's fitting that the smartest strategic move to come from that office in a long time was the decision to just keep their mouths shut for once .
On Tuesday , San Francisco Supervisor Jane Kim will introduce emergency legislation to force the city to renegotiate its deal with the NFL over the cost of hosting Super Bowl events .
A recently commissioned city budget and legislative analysis estimates the cost of San Francisco 's nine days of fan festivities at nearly $ 5 million .
The move comes less than two weeks before the big game comes to Santa Clara on Feb. 7 . While the city has been on board with hosting the festivities for years , some supervisors have complained that the mayor 's office and the local group in charge of raising money for Bay Area events -- the Super Bowl Host Committee -- largely negotiated in secret .
Kim says the Board of Supervisors approved this year 's city budget of just $ 307,843 in Super Bowl-related expenses for two departments , the Fire Department and Department of Emergency Management .
Although San Francisco often provides such services to support city events , like Gay Pride or Chinese New Year , Kim says the Super Bowl events -- which she calls `` corporate private parties '' -- do n't count as a `` civic celebration . ''
Sammie Coates catches pass Senior Bowl.JPG
South squad wide receiver Sammie Coates of Auburn ( 18 ) practices for the Reese 's Senior Bowl on Thursday , Jan. 22 , 2015 , in Mobile , Ala . The collegiate all-star game is Saturday at Ladd-Peebles Stadium in Mobile . ( Mike Kittrell/mkittrell @ al.com )
Former Auburn wide receiver Sammie Coates has landed an endorsement deal with Under Armour , the company 's official Twitter account revealed Monday night .
Coates joins an Under Armour stable that includes former Auburn quarterback Cam Newton , former Alabama stars Eddie Lacy and Julio Jones and San Francisco 49ers teammates Eric Reid and Vance McDonald .
Coates , who is projected as a first or second-round pick , confirmed the news by tweeting back at the company .
`` Happy to be with the family , '' Coates said .
By choosing Under Armour , Coates is sticking with what he wore in college . Auburn has an official apparel agreement with Under Armour .
Coates is coming off of an impressive Senior Bowl week in Mobile , although he was forced from the game early due to a groin injury on Saturday .
But his stock rose during the week , both as a deep threat and as a red-zone target capable of going up and making tough catches over the top .
Now , Coates has to try to recover from that groin injury and build on his Senior Bowl week with an impressive showing at the NFL Combine in three weeks . A freakish athlete at 6-foot-2 , 213 pounds , Coates is expected to turn in one of the best workouts among a deep wide receiver class .
For decades , people have accused studio blockbusters of being soulless examples of art by committee and/or the work of bean-counting robots . While that is obviously an exaggeration of sorts , it may be getting closer to reality than we realize . Studio execs have always tried to hedge their bets with test screenings and market research , but now in the digital age it is becoming easier than ever to track people 's media consumption… just ask Netflix . Now it appears that Disney is looking to extract real-time feedback from moviegoers without them even knowing . Are we looking at a future where every major movie is built directly from big data ? Hit the jump for the full scoop .
According to the CBC , Disney Research is currently testing technology that would allow them to track facial expressions in a darkened theatre to determine how audience members react while they watch a movie . They can use this to get a general gauge of how the audience feels about a movie overall , but they can also apparently predict how a specific audience member will react throughout the rest of a movie after tracking them for just a few scenes . This would potentially be a lot more reliable than the standard test screening process , which requires a moviegoer to articulate their opinion afterward .
While there are obviously some privacy concerns with gathering this kind of data , it gets even crazier because they mention that they could change a movie in real time based on the feedback . While I have always been intrigued by interactive storytelling , this strikes me as an entirely new medium and not cinema as we know it . After all , how can you possibly cater to everyone ? How can you critique and discuss a movie if everyone has a different experience ? Can a filmmaker still have a creative voice if they are forced to create multiple endings and bow to the viewer 's whim ? What does a world without challenging or different movies even look like ? I 'm not sure , but clearly if there is one studio that is looking to create absolutely safe , homogeneous entertainment , it is Disney . How do you feel about Disney 's facial recognition technology ?
Back in medieval Europe , the solution to difficulty conceiving was a concoction of ground pig testicles sprinkled in wine . Failing that , you could then try some catnip-infused wine and drink it down on an empty stomach .
Dr Catherine Rider , a medieval historian at the University of Exeter in the UK , has recently been rummaging through a series of medical and religious texts from the 12th-15th centuries that shed light on a whole host of strange ( and totally unscientific ) remedies for infertility . Many were written in Latin , the language of the elites , but some of the texts were then translated into English or French and modified for people from a slightly less educated background .
According to The Liber de Diversis Medicinis , a collection of medical “ recipes ” from the 15th century , `` If a man wishes that a woman will conceive a child soon take catmint [ catnip ] and boil it with wine until it is reduced to a third of its original volume , and give it to him to drink on an empty stomach for three days . ''
Another text advises to `` Take a pig 's testicles , dry and grind them , and give them to drink with wine for three days '' . It is not clear whether the man or the woman was supposed to drink the potion .
One of the earlier texts is a 12th-century treatise about `` Gynecology '' called Trotula . The anonymous author describes an off the wall theory of how to tell if you or your partner is infertile . The aim of the game is to both pee in a pot then leave it nine or 10 days . If worms appeared in the pot , you were deemed to be infertile .
This text also states that “ conception is impeded as much by the fault of the man as by the fault of the women , '' which is unexpected . After all , the Middle Ages were known for gender equality as much as they were for scientific prowess .
The records also showed that male infertility was recognized by medieval marriage law and could even be grounds to annul a marriage .
“ Although medical texts tended to devote most space to female infertility , male infertility was nonetheless regularly discussed as a possible cause of childlessness in academic texts and by educated medieval medical practitioners , ” Dr Rider explained in a statement .
The study suggests that even back then people recognized that male reproductive disorders were more than just dysfunction during sex .
`` It is hard to know whether men or women were more likely to seek treatment for infertility in practice , '' Dr Rider added . `` Most of our evidence comes from doctors who discussed what 'might ' happen and how to treat these problems . ''
Optimum growing and pollinating conditions lead fruit trees such as apples , peaches and plums to set far more fruit than the tree can sustain to maturity . If all these fruits are left on the tree they will be small and of poor quality and the total weight of such a load on the branches will cause them to break off or split at the crotch , often causing severe damage to the tree . Crowded fruits also encourage pests such as codling moths and diseases such as brown rot and scab . Over-cropping prevents the tree from putting energy into producing flower buds for the following year which will be detrimental to that crop . Apple varieties with biennial patterns of production - those with cycles that produce a bumper crop one year and nothing the next - may be induced to fruit annually by drastically thinning early during the productive year , even to the point of removing all flowers from alternate spurs .
Many trees shed part of their crop naturally , a process known as “ the June Drop ” but which can begin during May in California . However , this is often not sufficient to produce quality fruit at harvest .
One of the most psychologically challenging tasks that a gardener faces is removing perfectly healthy fruit ( sometimes by the bucketful ) in order to leave more manageable numbers . The earlier in the season that the surplus fruits are removed , the larger the individual remaining fruits will become . It takes some seasons of experience to judge how many fruits to remove but a steely resolve will be amply rewarded . The largest fruit in any cluster is usually left , unless it is obviously damaged .
Apples : These should be thinned to one or two fruits per cluster depending on variety and the overall set of flowers . One fruit per spur 6-8 inches apart is the aim but , if the overall crop is light , clusters of two may be left . Realistically the fruit often grows in frustrating patterns with groups of 5 beautiful apples on one spur and then several spurs with no really good fruits forcing a decision as to whether or not to leave two fruits on the good spur ! Fruitlets are removed using scissors or other fine cutters which can reach inside the cluster to the stem . These can be cut close to the fruit and the little stem may be left without any detrimental effect . It is vital not to just pull on the fruit since this will often drag the whole spur off the branch . Some gardeners grasp the stem of the fruit between their first two fingers and “ roll ” the fruit off with their thumb . There are usually a variety of sizes and shapes in each cluster so begin by removing the small , damaged and misshapen ones first . Then there is the agonizing decision of which of the remaining two perfect fruit to leave . I find that usually one has a slightly thicker stem than its partner so I would leave that . In order to get the best sized fruit at harvest the ideal leaf to fruit ratio for apples would be around 75:1 for early varieties down to 40:1 for the later ones , but who 's counting !
Peaches : The same basic principles apply but a little more space is usually left between fruit – about 6- 9 inches . However they grow much tighter to the stem and are best removed by grasping the fruit firmly and twisting it round until it detaches . For those just out of reach , I have found that barbecue tongs ( the sort with a looped end ) make an efficient removal tool .
Plums : Thin to about 3-4 inches apart . Overloaded plums will naturally drop fruit at the stone hardening stage , so sometimes growers thin in two stages ; lightly when the fruits are small , and then finally once the natural dropping has ceased .
Cherries and Nuts are not usually thinned .
Pears : Often thin themselves , but if extra thinning is needed in order to end up with one pear per spur , the time to do this is when the fruitlets begin to turn downwards .
Thinning is undoubtedly a rather tedious business , but when harvest time comes and the fruits are large , lush and healthy , you will be so pleased that you made the effort .
( CNN ) Her name was Bella , a child whose very name means beauty , Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley said Friday .
For 85 days -- since her remains were found , wrapped in a trash bag on a rocky shoreline in Boston Harbor -- the young girl had been known only as `` Baby Doe . ''
The mystery of her death captivated the nation .
On Friday , her mother , Rachelle Bond , 40 , was charged as an accessory to murder after the fact , Conley told reporters .
The mother 's boyfriend , Michael McCarthy , 35 , was charged with murder , according to Conley . McCarthy is not Bella 's biological father , according to a law enforcement source .
The couple will be arraigned on Monday . Neither of them , or lawyers representing them , had commented on the case as of Friday .
`` This child , whose very name means beauty , was murdered , '' Conley said .
`` Baby Doe '' has been identified as Bella Bond , seen her in a family photo taken from Facebook .
Bella Amoroso Bond , just shy of 3 years old , was a `` true innocent '' whose short life ended `` not by illness or accident but , we believe , by an act of violence in the very place where she should have felt safest -- in her home , '' said the Massachusetts prosecutor , declining to comment on the motive or manner of death .
The case of the mysterious girl , whose adorable brown eyes and cherubic face -- as rendered by forensic artist Christi Andrews and distributed by authorities -- caught the attention of millions after the discovery in late June of the body .
`` For nearly three months , we have endeavored to speak for a true innocent who could not speak for herself , '' State Police Colonel Richard McKeon said .
Massachusetts House Speaker Robert DeLeo told reporters that Bond and McCarthy blamed each other for the death .
`` It appears as though it was a situation of a boyfriend who was involved and that apparently , I think , mother and boyfriend sort of blaming each other in terms of who harmed the child . ''
`` Baby Doe '' has been identified as Bella Bond , seen her in a family photo taken from Facebook .
The couple was picked up after Boston homicide detectives received `` a critical tip '' Thursday , Conley said .
McCarthy is in custody at a Boston-area hospital under treatment for a medical condition , and Bond is being held at a separate location , according to the law enforcement source .
The arrests came after a search warrant was executed in Boston 's Mattapan neighborhood , officials said .
There is a case history with the girl
The state Department of Children and Families was briefly involved with Bella as an infant , but have not had a case with the girl 's family in more than two years , according to department spokeswoman Rhonda Mann .
`` Since June , the department has been working closely with law enforcement on exploring dozens of leads in hopes to identify the little girl found on Deer Island , '' Mann said in a statement . `` Now that we know her name , the story is no less tragic ... Our thoughts are with Bella 's extended family as the investigation into her death continues . ''
Between 2001 and 2006 , child welfare authorities terminated Bond 's parental rights over two other children , an agency official said . One child remains in the custody of the maternal grandmother ; the other was adopted by an unrelated family , according to the official .
The official said the agency provided services for Bella in August and December of 2012 and again in June and September of 2013 following neglect complaints regarding the child .
`` Baby Doe '' has been identified as Bella Bond , seen her in a family photo taken from Facebook .
Yessiomara Torres , Bond 's next-door neighbor , said the girl 's mother told her she had lost custody of two other children and worried about losing custody of Bella , CNN affiliate WHDH reported .
`` She said she did n't want anybody taking her away from her , that she is trying her best to be the best parent that she can be , '' Torres told the station .
But Torres said she had n't heard or seen Bella since earlier this year , believing she was in state custody .
`` I used to hear the little girl either crying , running around , playing , '' she said . `` I have n't heard that for months now . ''
The neighbor told WHDH that Bella strongly resembled the composite authorities released after the body was found .
`` It looked exactly like her , '' she told the station . `` It 's shocking and sad . She 's so young ... I feel sorry for that little girl . She should have been in better hands . ''
Remains were found in bag along shore
The tiny remains were found June 25 wrapped in a black trash bag , wearing polka dot pants lying next to a zebra blanket along the shore of Deer Island , a narrow peninsula just east of Boston 's Logan Airport . Police released photos of the blanket and the polka-dot leggings she was wearing .
Authorities previously said they believed that `` Baby Doe '' was about 4 years old at the time of her death . She was 3 feet 6 inches tall and weighed about 30 pounds .
The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children released the composite of Baby Doe in July . Massachusetts State Police posted it on Facebook and distributed it via Twitter .
`` Baby Doe '' has been identified as Bella Bond . The image on the left is a photo of Bella taken from Facebook , the one on the left is a composite image provided by police after her remains were found .
More than 50 million people saw or shared the composite .
It 's unclear how long she had been dead but there was some decomposition when her remains were removed from the trash bag .
Authorities analyzed pollen found on the girl 's pants and blanket and determined that it `` came from trees and plants around Boston , '' Jake Wark , a spokesman for the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office , said last month .
`` This pollen analysis also suggests that 'Baby Doe ' may have been placed on the shoreline , rather than washed ashore from a great distance , '' Wark said .
Some Manitobans will have to pay out-of-pocket for outpatient physiotherapy and occupational therapy starting this fall , the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority says .
The health authority is `` moving adult outpatient physiotherapy and occupational therapy clinics out of hospital to private-practice providers by mid-October , '' the WRHA announced Tuesday .
`` For patients , it means you 're going to have to pay out-of-pocket for it . If you do n't have insurance — health insurance through your employer — or if you make just enough money not to qualify as a vulnerable person or [ for ] the means test , you will be paying for these services out-of-pocket , '' said Bob Moroz , the president of the Manitoba Association of Health Care Professionals , which represents physiotherapists and occupational therapists .
`` If someone comes into one of our trauma centres with a traumatic hand injury , the therapy simply wo n't be available within the hospital system and they will be forced — from what I can gather already — to go to private [ providers ] . ''
It 's not yet known how many patients this will affect , but a spokesperson for the WRHA said `` detailed work is underway to determine the number of patients at outpatient clinics who do not have private insurance . Exceptions will be made for specialty rehabilitation services and for patients who would not be able to afford to attend private clinics . ''
' A disaster for so many Manitobans '
Moroz said the news was `` very , very surprising , '' as recent health-care announcements from the Pallister government have consolidated services rather than moving them to the private sector .
`` It 's a decision that 's going to be a disaster for so many Manitobans who wo n't be able to afford this kind of care . They simply wo n't , '' he said .
A spokesperson for the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority said exceptions will be made for specialty rehabilitation services , such as those provided by a spine clinic , specialized neuro-services and amputee services . Those services will continue out of the Health Sciences Centre .
Some Manitobans will have to pay out-of-pocket for outpatient physiotherapy and occupational therapy starting this fall , the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority says . 2:15
There will also be an exemption for people who can not afford to pay for services as determined using a `` means indicator , '' the WRHA said .
Real Cloutier , the health authority interim president and CEO , said senior management had to choose what to cut and privatizing physiotherapy and occupational therapy for many patients was the result .
`` We had to prioritize and make a choice , so those services will be ending . They 'll be moving to the private market . We did think about folks that might not have insured benefits or income to support [ the services ] , so we are retaining the services at Health Sciences Centre , '' Cloutier said .
The services will also continue at the Misericordia 's Easy Street program .
Discussions with unions underway : WRHA
As for the staff this will affect , answers are scarce .
Moroz was at a meeting with union members Tuesday morning when they received the news .
The total number of employees affected is expected to be in the dozens , Moroz said , but what will happen to them is not yet clear .
He said they are currently setting up meetings with health-care system representatives to talk about how the changes affect their collective agreement .
A WRHA spokesperson said discussions with unions have begun , and `` follow-up discussions are being scheduled with each individual union already , with the expectation that most will take place within the next week . ''
Moroz said so far , the health authority employees are primarily concerned about their patients .
He said they are concerned private-sector physiotherapists may not have the specialization needed to deal with certain outpatient needs being dealt with by the WRHA 's current physiotherapists .
`` I think the two key things are Manitobans might not be able to get the services they need because they ca n't afford it , and number two is , the people who provide a really , really valuable service here in the public system are not going to be able to provide that service anymore , '' he said .
Full coverage of health cuts in Manitoba
It 's been quite a journey , but after years of working on the blog , visiting Maine to take photography , and conspiring with fellow writers , I.Am.Maine has a physical manifestation . I 'm proud that a small blog had the opportunity to reach so many readers . Through me.Am.Maine I was able to connect with residents of small towns , both in and out of Maine . I told stories and was told stories . I got the chance to hide amongst the recesses of my mind and relive fond memories of my childhood.I 've decided to do something a little different with me.Am.Maine . Many people had a hand in this project , and I wanted to offer a way to specialize the book . Because of this , I will be offering signed copies of I.Am.Maine until February 20th , 2015 . Books will ship towards the end of February . After that the book will be available through Amazon . To purchase a signed edition of the book , use the Paypal link to the right . For those who are interested in purchasing but do not have Paypal , leave your email in the comments and I will contact you with instructions . Thank you again for this amazing experience .
About
We are exited to introduce to you an all American-made organizer wallet - Designed to ease your everyday carry experience .
Following an exhaustive but unsuccessful search to find a well made and refined wallet that allows you to organize your everyday carry the way you want , we realised that the problem with a lot of slim wallets is that they mostly consist of only one compartment for all your cards . Each time you would pay at the cash register , you would need to take out all your cards in order to find the one you were looking for .
So we decided to create our own wallet ! The result is a year-long dream in the making , culminating in the creation of an entire collection of wallets that are practical and polished and have been prototyped to perfection .
Help us get started .
Over the last year we have extensively researched the landscape of wallet products and discovered a deficiency in simple , well-designed , colorful and smart wallets .
We wanted to change that .
Our wallet is designed with 4 distinct compartments :
1 inner top pocket to carry some of your cards ,
1 inner bottom pocket to carry some more ,
1 front pockets for your most used cards ,
An in sew pocket to carry and secure your bills .
Now , you do n't need to remove all your cards at once when you only need one card ! Organize your wallet how you want !
We love beautifully made wallets that feel amazing in your hand , are easy to use and slim your pocket . Our wallets reflect just that with its distinctive minimal look , the premium elastic material we selected and a color for everyone and every occasion .
Our Phones and the apps we use help us to organize our daily life , we want our wallet to complete that . Less is more : we believe that you only need to carry what is essential to you , nothing more .
And with all these cool features , our wallet with 9 cards + bills measures only 9mm ! You ca n't beat that !
We understand that everyone is different , our wallet is made in 15 beautiful colors , one for everyone .
We love the fifties and we collect pin-up art . As a special thanks to our backers , we offer you one of our own designed Bunny Pin-Ups cards ! You will receive it in your wallet !
We designed our product to be the best looking wallet , and that goes for our packaging as well . You will receive your wallet and your pin-up card in a beautifully matte black envelope .
Do n't forget , Christmas is around the corner ! If you are already hunting for gifts , you can request a complimentary gift wrap during the survey , which we will send to you once the campaign is over .
This Kickstarter campaign will support the building of our signature product — the beautifully minimal wallet — into production . We believe that each one of you deserve the best , and it 's all we want to deliver .
Our wallet is production ready , and today we need you to achieve our goals . We would love your support to make this a success . Each and every one of you count , making this new wallet is a team effort and we are happy to take you on board .
Our next steps :
Our wallet has been prototyped to perfection to expect your need .
Deliver before Christmas warranty !
If you are as excited as us about our new wallet , fund our project , spread the word and together we will make this a reality .
High-resolution Press Images can be found here
Our launch video can be found on vimeo
Thanks again to everyone who have helped us along the way !
Eddie Feigner , a crowd-pleasing softball pitcher and showman who toured the world for 55 years as The King and His Court , died Feb. 9 from complications of dementia at Cogburn Health and Rehabilitation facility in Huntsville , Ala . He was 81 .
Mr. Feigner ( pronounced FAY-ner ) was , beyond dispute , the greatest softball pitcher who ever lived . In a barnstorming career that began in 1946 , he and his four-man team were all but unbeatable .
At his peak , Mr. Feigner threw a softball harder than any major league pitcher has ever thrown a baseball . His underhand fastball was once timed at 104 mph -- or , according to some accounts , 114 mph . The fastest documented pitch ever thrown by a major league pitcher is 103 mph .
Pitching in hundreds of games each year against local all-star teams , Mr. Feigner won 95 percent of the time . He and his `` court , '' which included only a catcher , first baseman and shortstop , played everywhere from Yankee Stadium to the Great Wall of China , with countless military bases , rodeo arenas and cow pastures in between . He appeared in all 50 states and in 98 foreign countries .
In a 1967 exhibition at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles , Mr. Feigner faced a lineup of six Major League Baseball players ( five of whom were later elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame ) . He struck out all six -- Willie Mays , Roberto Clemente , Brooks Robinson , Willie McCovey , Maury Wills and Harmon Killebrew -- in succession .
Mr. Feigner kept meticulous records of his victories ( 9,743 ) , strikeouts ( 141,517 ) , no-hitters ( 930 ) and perfect games ( 238 ) . An excellent hitter as well , he once slugged 83 home runs in a 250-game exhibition season .
Beyond the staggering numbers , Mr. Feigner created his most lasting impressions with a series of remarkable pitching stunts . He could strike out players while blindfolded ( 8,698 times ) or while pitching behind his back or between his legs . He had a curveball that would dip 18 inches . To give his opponents a chance , he often pitched from second base or , on occasion , from center field .
One batter who faced Mr. Feigner described the experience to the Orlando Sentinel newspaper : `` I was waiting for a pitch , heard a noise , watched the catcher throw the ball back . It was incredible . There was no way to get the bat off my shoulder before the ball got there . I do n't know how anybody ever hit the guy . ''
That was when Mr. Feigner was 59 years old .
He often appeared on television and once knocked a cigar out of Johnny Carson 's mouth with a pitch -- while wearing a blindfold . Yet Mr. Feigner had the misfortune to be supremely talented at a sport , men 's fast-pitch fastball , that has all but disappeared . Sports Illustrated once called him `` the most underrated athlete of his time . ''
`` I 'm a pipsqueak because I 'm caught in a nothing game , '' Mr. Feigner said in 1972 . `` It 's like being a world-champion noseblower . ''
Nevertheless , he persevered through the years , driving from one small town to the next , leaving a trail of pleased fans and baffled hitters behind . During the 1981 Major League Baseball strike , before 16,000 fans at the Silverdome in Pontiac , Mich. , Mr. Feigner and his Court beat a nine-man team that included several major league players . He was 56 at the time .
UN stops counting Syria death toll after 100,000
GENEVA
Dust covers clothes at a site hit by what activists said was an airstrike by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the Duma neighbourhood of Damascus January 7 , 2014 . REUTERS photo
The United Nations ' human rights office has stopped updating the death toll from Syria 's civil war , confirming on Jan. 7 that it can no longer verify the sources of information that led to its last count of at least 100,000 in late July 2013.Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. Office of the high commissioner for human rights , blamed the failure to provide new figures on the organization 's own lack of access on the ground in Syria and its inability to verify “ source material ” from others. “ It was always a very difficult figure , ” Colville said in answer to a question by The Associated Press . “ It was always very close to the edge in terms of how much we could guarantee the source material was accurate . And it reached a point where we felt we could no longer cross that line . So for the time being , we 're not updating those figures. ” Colville said the total number of dead the U.N. had estimated was based on an exhaustive effort to verify six different figures supplied by a variety of nongovernmental organizations in the region . “ Over time , they 've diminished in number , ” he said . “ For the past year or so , it 's been down to two or a maximum of three , and we simply did n't feel that it was possible for us to continue in the same way. ” But Colville said the U.N. could not endorse anyone else 's count , including the widely quoted figures from the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , whose latest tally in late December 2013 is more than 130,000 killed in violence in Syria since March 2011.The observatory put the number of women and children killed in the conflict so far at 11,709 . It said the death toll among rebels fighting the Bashar al-Assad government was at least 29,083 . Deaths among the Syrian armed forces and fighters supporting al-Assad were at least 52,290 , including 262 fighters from the Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah and 286 from other non-Syrian Shiite groups .
“ Comprehensive Immigration Reform ” a.k.a . Amnesty plus Immigration Surge is nothing less than full-out bipartisan assault on the historic American nation —pressed by an Obama Administration determined to Elect a New People ; and a Hispanicked Republican Establishment suffering from ADD ( Adelson Dollar Disorder ) , Bush dynastic delusions and/or madness . As “ anti-racist ” activist Tim Wise notoriously prophesied in the midst of the momentary Conservatism Inc. jubilation after the ( Tea Party-fueled ) November 2010 mid-term election :
You need to drink up . And quickly . And heavily . Because your time is limited . Real damned limited . The clock that reminds you how little time you and yours have left . Not much more now . Tick , tock . Tick , tock . Tick . Tock . I know , you think you 've taken “ your country back ” with this election—and of course you have always thought it was yours for the taking , cuz that 's what we white folks are bred to believe , that it 's ours , and how dare anyone else say otherwise—but you are wrong . [ An Open Letter to the White Right , On the Occasion of Your Recent , Successful Temper Tantrum , Timwise.org , November3 , 2010 ]
Similarly , after Mitt Romney and the Republican Establishment blew the 2012 election . Sam Donaldson gloated to MSNBC 's Chris Matthews :
The greatest slogan that I hated during this last campaign was 'We want to take back our country . ' Guys , it 's not your country anymore— it 's our country . [ Sam Donaldson Tells Tea Partiers 'It 's Not Your Country Anymore - It 's Our Country ' , Newsbusters.org , December 24 , 2012 ]
For a moment , let 's suppose Wise and Donaldson are correct/ Comprehensive Immigration ” Reform passes : it 's their country .
Let 's consider two examples of what their country might look like—one where superior Left-leaning white people and their minority allies have displaced those nasty , brutish white conservatives .
South Africa
Universal suffrage and the consequent election of the Nelson Mandela-led African National Congress ( ANC ) in 1994 was supposed to lead to a thriving color-blind democracy .
Of course , Leftists like Wise and Donaldson care only about white civilizations ' defeat and usurpation . But the rest of the story can sometime be spotted in the Main Stream Media—witness this sidebar to a report of the sensational killing of model Reeva Steenkamp by track icon Oscar Pistorius , the so-called Blade Runner :
South Africa has some of the world 's highest rates of violent crime and many homeowners carry weapons to defend themselves against intruders . An average of nearly 50 people are murdered there each day , while there are also high levels of assault , rape , robbery and carjackings . But a case last year was so vile the largely desensitized public of South Africa was still shocked . Last summer a gang of robbers gunned down a father , raped and murdered his wife . Then , in a final act of sickening brutality , they drowned the couple 's 12-year-old son in scalding bath water . According to United Nations research , South Africa has one of the highest firearm-related homicide rates in the world , second only to Colombia . The rate , which was measured per 100,000 people , put the country 's score four times higher than the United States… As a result of these high levels of violent crime , many people choose to live in gated communities and employ private security guards . These are especially common for middle class residents and often involve high perimeter fencing and alarm systems linked to security teams . The South African Police Service also often employs security companies to protect their own police stations… The Nation with the 2nd Highest Gun Crime Rate on Earth , By Martin Robinson , Simon Tomlinson , Daniel Miller , Dan Newling In Cape Town and David Williams , The Daily Mail , February 14 , 2013 . My emphasis
Imagine Tim Wise as an anti-Apartheid activist back in the 1980s , now safely living behind a 30-foot wall in gated community in his “ progressive ” South Africa , secure in knowing the society he crusaded against is dead .
Coming soon to an America near you .
Brazil
From James Loewen 's book Sundown Towns : A Hidden Dimension of American Racism :
Keeping out people who do not live the way “ we ” live is an increasingly common response to America 's increasing gap between the affluent and the working class , not to mention the poor . Some analysts consider São Paulo , Brazil , a city of 18 million , an augury of future urban life in our country . São Paulo is “ populated by the fantastically wealthy and the severely poor with little in between , ” to quote Washington Post reporter Anthony Faiola… And São Paulo illustrates where gated communities and microscopic economic stagnation may be taking us . Faiola told of life in Alphaville , “ a walled city where the privileged live behind electrified fences patrolled by a private army of 1,100. ” Affluent residents “ whisk to and from their well-guarded homes to work , business meetings , afternoons of shopping , even church , ” via helicopter . The city boasts 240 helipads , compared to 10 in New York City .
Anthony Faiola 's amazing WaPo story is no longer online at its original location , but you do n't have to rely on the pay archive version : the whole thing was preserved by the Colombian Post : Brazil 's Elites Fly above Their Fears : Rich Try to Wall Off Urban Violence , [ June 1 , 2002 . ]
An eighteenth of the population—the wealthiest one million in São Paulo—occupy 300 gated communities , with 4,000 of the richest traveling in armor-plated cars outside their walled compounds . Many prefer to travel exclusively by helicopter .
Oz Conservative , a conservative website in Australia , noted this key quote :
En route to his mansion in Alphaville—a walled city where the privileged live behind electrified fences patrolled by a private army of 1,100— [ Michael ] Klein quietly stared out the window . His pilot clipped low over the honeycomb-like slums and clogged highways below . More than halfway through a nine-minute commute , the copter grazed over a cluster of inner-city prisons . A squad of machine-gun-toting guards stood near a perimeter wall , their gaunt faces squinting upward as Klein 's copter buzzed by .
`` The perspective is different from up here , '' remarked Klein , a graying hulk of a man and executive director of Casas Bahia , one of Brazil 's largest electronics retailers . Over the din of the blades , he told a reporter that `` it even looks beautiful sometimes . Up here , however , it is safe . Down there— '' He paused , staring across the metal and glass horizon . `` Well , it 's another story . '' One result is city life dominated by fear . The homicide rate in greater São Paulo , South America 's largest city , has more than tripled during the 1990s , to about 60 murders per 100,000 residents , compared with 7.4 in the Washington metropolitan area and 7.8 in New York . Already 63 kidnappings have been reported this year in São Paulo , up from only 15 during the same period last year , according to police statistics . The surge in abductions has produced a cottage industry of plastic surgeons who specialize in treating wealthy victims who return from their ordeals with sliced ears , severed fingers and other missing body parts that were sent to family members as threats for ransom payment . [ The Choppers of São Paulo , Oz Conservative , March 13 , 2011 . My emphasis ]
You can either live in a gated community—or in a civilized nation-state , where fences are only necessary to keep your animals from grazing in adjoining property .
Both South Africa and Brazil are failed experiments in multiculturalism and diversity . The idea of a “ nation ” has been inverted so that a privileged elite can extract wealth courtesy of the security that it buys .
America is hurtling toward this dystopian destiny . Indeed , in places like Detroit , Chicago and Birmingham , the signs have already appeared .
Immigration patriots fatigued by pushing back against an always-on-the-assault Left should let these images of life in South Africa and São Paulo be the shot of adrenaline they need to fight on .
Paul Kersey [ Email him ] is the author of the blog SBPDL , and has published the books SBPDL Year One , Hollywood in Blackface and Escape From Detroit , and Opiate of America : College Football in Black and White .
J.R. Smith is suing the Chinese team he played for during the lockout to recoup $ 1,078,500 of his salary that was withheld for missed practices and team meetings , the New York Post reported Thursday .
Smith received only $ 1.82 million of his $ 2.88 million salary and did n't receive $ 18,500 in bonuses he was due for victories , the Post reported .
The Post , which obtained a copy of Smith 's complaint , reported that Chinese basketball team Zhejiang Chouzhou alleges that Smith missed a series of team meetings and skipped practices to travel to Beijing , Shanghai and the United Kingdom .
According to the report , Zhejiang Chouzhou also asked Smith to send his sister , Stephanie , back to the United States because she was `` abusive '' and `` the root '' of Smith missing time with the team because the team alleges she made Smith take her shopping .
A FIBA arbitrator in Switzerland will rule on Smith 's lawsuit in the coming weeks , the newspaper reported .
Zhejiang Chouzhou , which said Smith `` breached '' his contract , has until Monday to answer Smith 's lawsuit , according to the report .
`` It is not possible in the reasonable course of things the player did not attend so many practices [ most probably all ] , held by the club , '' Smith 's attorneys wrote in the complaint , according to the Post . `` On the contrary , the player attended many practices and he has presented his excuse for any non-attendances . ''
Smith 's attorneys also said that Smith did n't miss any of Zhejiang Chouzhou 's games in the time he was with the team and said in the complaint that the team had the right to terminate his contract if he missed practices , but did n't do so , the newspaper reported .
However , the Chinese team alleges that it did n't terminate Smith 's contract only because his agents asked it not to `` because it would jeopardize the image of the player for NBA purposes , '' the Post reported .
Smith , 26 , has gained a reputation for being temperamental during his eight-season NBA career and has clashed with teammates and coaches , plus spent time in jail on a reckless driving charge . He also was fined $ 25,000 earlier this year for posting a photo of a scantily clad woman on his Twitter account .
The Knicks signed Smith in mid-February to a prorated share of their $ 2.5 million mini-midlevel exception with a player option for 2012-13 .
Smith averaged 12.5 points per game on 40 percent shooting , 3.9 rebounds and 1.5 steals in the regular season . But Smith struggled in New York 's first-round loss to Miami , shooting 11-for-48 in the final three games of the series .
It is unclear if Smith will pick up his player option or test free agency , a decision he must make by July 1 .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Over the last few weeks , Dave and I have been pushing something we have wanted for NXT for ages now : a real ticketed Helpdesk with Knowledge Base ! We approached Testdruif , who has a lot of experience in this field and he has set up a complete system for us.We then asked the people who were seen to be very helpful to new users and asked them whether they wanted to help out in manning this Helpdesk and they all agreed ! So , from this point on , we have a fully functional Helpdesk for people to bring their issues to : http : //nxt.org/support/ The desk is manned by : CryptKeeperkwilliamsLocoMBMartismartisPeter2615ShinTosch110testdruifEvilDaveDamelonWe have a good mix of people in there , so we are confident we can answer most questions.We can also see which questions are asked a lot and either make FAQs for these , or refer them to the devs for fixing . Feedback is key to success ! We want to run this system for a while to see how it works , and after that , we may reach out to other people , but 10 people is a very well staffed team.Please consider donating to the people who are making this happen . Of course , we are also looking into giving these people something for their timeThe ticketing system is also a funnel for business requests and support.We believe we are the first platform to do this and it 's an important step .
Columbus City Council has approved to pay the family of a 4-year-old girl accidentally shot by a Columbus Police officer last year .
The incident happened on June 19 , 2015 in Whitehall .
The Columbus Police officer was in Whitehall responding at a nearby home for an incident that happened in Columbus .
Andrea Ellis said she was at home with her four children when her 4-year-old daughter Ava got cut on a piece of glass . Andrea 's sister ran outside to get the address when she spotted the officer .
As the officer approached the home , the family 's dog ran toward him . At that point , the officer fired at the dog but missed , and hit Ava .
She was shot through her right leg and broke the bone .
The officer maintained that the dog charged at him . Andrea said the officer just walked away after firing and never offered help .
City Council agreed to pay the family $ 780,000 Monday night .
STRAIGHT-TALKING Austin Armacost has launched a scathing attack on Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag and revealed his sheer `` hate '' for the pair ahead of their joint stint in the new Celebrity Big Brother .
The Americans will be cooped together in the special All Stars Versus New Stars edition of the Channel 5 show , which kicks off on January 3 .
News Group Newspapers Ltd 6 CBB star Austin Armacost has launched a scathing attack on soon-to-be housemates Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag
Yet model Austin , who The Sun exclusively revealed was returning for the New Year extravaganza , has laid down the gauntlet with his feisty comments .
The runner-up in the 2015 series has n't held back and raged : `` Speidi were a disaster . I hate them - as everyone in America does . ''
He even went as far as to say they had damaged the reputation of the U.S and branded them a disgrace in the chat with the Daily Star .
Getty Images 6 He revealed his 'hate ' for the reality TV couple who starred in the 2013 series
Yet blunt Austin then went on to admit he had n't actually watched their stint in the show back in 2013 .
The scheming couple were hugely disliked by housemates including Steps singer Claire Richards and current Big Brother 's Bit On The Side host , Rylan Clark-Neal , who pipped them to the reality TV crown .
Getty Images 6 Model Austin said the lovers were a disgrace to America
This time round , the lovers have penned a 'six-figure deals ' to return to the iconic show .
A show insider told The Daily Star : “ Spencer and Heidi are very competitive and they got so close to winning last time that they 're hell bent on coming out on top this time around .
“ They 've never quite lived down being beaten by Rylan . Last time they were not sure what to expect , but they 've become big fans of the show since their stint in the House .
“ And they 're sure they 've devised the secret strategy that will see them win it . ''
Getty Images 6 The pair are said to have penned a six-figure deal to return
Channel5 6 They clashed with eventual winner Rylan - who now hosts the CBB spin off show
RELATED STORIES 'VERY ODD ' Emma Thompson quits film after executive accused of harassment brought on board HER SIDE Jordyn Woods set to come clean about cheating scandal on Jada Pinkett Smith 's show 'TELL STACEY ' EastEnders fans beg Jean to tell Stacey she has ovarian cancer as she 's CRAWLING INTO BED DJ Chris Evans and wife Natasha horrified to find MAGGOTS in their bed ANGE 'S SIX-PACK Angelina Jolie makes rare public appearance with all six of her children MADGE 'S BUST NEW PAL Madonna 's new music partner Anitta shares her love of risky outfits TALKING COBBLE-RS Coronation Street 's Tracy splits the UK by using the word 'mingebag ' HE 'S IN THE PASTA Gemma eats spaghetti after Arg 's 'fat jibes ' as she films Real Housewives Ex-factor Megan McKenna sobs as she reveals heartbreaking reason for Mike Thalassitis split 'AWFUL LITTLE GIRL ' Georgia Steel hits back at 'fake ' Mario Falcone after THAT tweet
FIVE 6 Rylan and Emma Willis will host the new series which kicks off on January 3
Meanwhile Austin - former boyfriend of fashion guru Marc Jacobs - exclusively told us of his CBB comeback alongside rumoured returning housemates Bianca Gascoigne , Perez Hilton and Coleen Nolan .
Last time round he came second place to in-house BFF James Hill .
The pair 's bromance in the house was the subject of much of the gossip of that series .
Austin also won praise from viewers after he shaved his head in the house in support of Gail Porter who suffers from Alopecia .
A source told The Sun 's Bizarre TV : “ Austin ca n't wait to enter the Big Brother house again .
“ He really enjoyed his time in there and is looking forward to the new challenge . ''
The new series of Celebrity Big Brother kicks off on January 3 .
For the linguistic theory , see Speech Act
The Securing the Protection of our Enduring and Established Constitutional Heritage ( SPEECH ) Act is a 2010 federal statutory law in the United States that makes foreign libel judgments unenforceable in U.S. courts , unless either the foreign legislation applied offers at least as much protection as the U.S. First Amendment ( concerning free speech ) , or the defendant would have been found liable even if the case had been heard under U.S. law .
The act was passed by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama .
Purpose [ edit ]
The act was written as a response to libel tourism . It creates a new cause of action and claim for damages against a foreign libel plaintiff , if they acted to deprive an American of their right to free speech . [ 1 ] It was inspired by the legal battle that ensued between Dr. Rachel Ehrenfeld and Saudi businessman Khalid bin Mahfouz over her 2003 book Funding Evil . [ 2 ]
Provisions [ edit ]
The Act amends Part VI of title 28 , United States Code , by adding a new section 181 titled `` Foreign Judgments '' . The legislation as signed contains findings that overseas libel claims have a chilling effect on free speech , matters of `` serious public interest '' , and investigative journalism , and that internationally , little has been done about this . The Act provides that :
Domestic U.S. courts shall not domestically recognize or enforce any judgment for defamation issued in a foreign court , unless the jurisdiction concerned offers at least as much protection of free speech as the First Amendment , or alternatively , that the defendant would still have been found liable even under U.S. Law in a U.S. court , applying the First Amendment ; The foreign court 's conduct of the case must have respected the due process guarantees of the U.S. Constitution to the same extent as a U.S. court ; Claims that would be barred in the U.S. under s.230 of the Communications Act ( 47 U.S.C . 230 , providing protection for online web host services ) remain barred unless their outcome would be consistent with that which a U.S. court would have reached on the facts , if the defamation had been in the United States ; A defendant 's prior appearance in a foreign court in connection with the case does not prevent that person opposing or defending a claim for enforcement in a U.S. court . Claims may be removed to a federal court if any plaintiff and any defendant are from different states , or not from the United States ; Any United States person subjected to a foreign judgment for defamation may bring an action in a U.S. court to obtain a declaratory judgment that the overseas defamation judgment is `` repugnant to the Constitution or laws of the United States '' for any of these reasons ; if successful then the foreign case can not be enforced in the U.S .
Various burdens of proof and cost allocations are also specified .
Legislative history [ edit ]
The Act was passed unanimously in both the House of Representatives ( as HR 2765 ) [ 3 ] and the Senate ( as S 3518 ) [ 4 ] before being signed by President Obama on August 10 , 2010 . [ 2 ] Two earlier bills had aimed to address the topic of libel tourism , both with the proposed title of the `` Free Speech Protection Act '' ; they were introduced in 2008 and 2009 , in the 110th and 111th United States Congress respectively , but neither was passed .
The SPEECH Act has been endorsed by several U.S. organizations , including the American Library Association , [ 5 ] the Association of American Publishers , [ 6 ] the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , [ 7 ] and the American Civil Liberties Union . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Use in courts [ edit ]
In April 2011 , Pontigon v. Lord was the first case addressing application of the SPEECH Act . [ 10 ] InvestorsHub.com v. Mina Mar Group was the first federal judgment that referenced the act , however the matter was ultimately settled out of court . [ 11 ]
Trout Point Lodge v. Doug K. Handshoe was the first appellate level ruling issued under the act , affirming a lower court decision holding that a Nova Scotia Judgment was unrecognizable and unenforceable in the United States . [ 12 ] Pursuant to the fee-shifting provision of the act , in 2013 , the trial court awarded Handshoe $ 48,000 in legal fees . [ 13 ]
The only examples [ when ? ] of law journal treatment of the application of the SPEECH Act in the Trout Point Lodge case have criticized the Act . In the Roger Williams Law Review [ 14 ] author Nicole Manzo wrote : `` the Act fails to differentiate between legitimate forum selection and illegitimate forum shopping . Moreover , I assert that the Act affords too little protection to foreign defamation plaintiffs . I argue that the exceptions to non-enforcement are illusory and fail to provide courts with appropriate guidance . More pointedly , the Act does not explicitly state how speech protection should be applied in a given case . '' An article in the Journal of International & Comparative Law of the Chicago-Kent College of Law [ 15 ] has supported those conclusions to find that the SPEECH Act , as applied by both the district court and the U.S. Court of Appeal for the Fifth Circuit in Trout Point Lodge v. Handshoe , is overly broad and in sorry need of reform : `` the instant case ... exposes a potential over inclusivity of the SPEECH Act because of its universal applicability in defamation cases and lack of distinction between illegitimate and legitimate fora . Without the proper ability to distinguish between the two types of fora , the SPEECH Act penalizes those plaintiffs filing claims in good faith in appropriate fora . '' The article goes on to discuss the `` fundamental failing '' of the SPEECH Act , and to state that the Act `` should be amended . ''
In 2014 , the same federal district court rejected Handshoe 's attempt to have a Canadian copyright infringement judgment against him removed to federal court using the SPEECH Act ; the case was remanded . [ 16 ] Handshoe tried to bring the case to federal court again in 2015 citing the SPEECH Act and diversity jurisdiction , after it was re-enrolled in Mississippi state court ; the case was again remanded . [ 17 ] The judge stated : `` unlike the judgment at issue in the claim previously before the Fifth Circuit and this Court , the judgment at issue here does not involve allegations of false or damaging forms of speech at al . Instead , the judgment concerns purported property rights in photographic images . ''
In state court , Handshoe again filed motions arguing the SPEECH Act should block enforcement of the Canadian judgment against him . His motion was denied in January , 2017 . `` The judgment of the Nova Scotia Supreme Court is not repugnant to Mississippi law . And the judgment does not conflict with the SPEECH Act of 2010 as determined by the United States District Court 's February 17 , 2016 remand order . `` [ 18 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The country 's Supreme Court made the decision after the defendant , who has not been named , carried out an acid attack which left her victim without sight . The woman threw acid in the face of her victim , Sima , in Dehdasht a city in the south-west of the Middle East country , two years ago , according to the Iranian news agency Tasnim . Head of the country 's judiciary Majid Karami said : “ The sentence to blindness in one eye , payment of blood money [ compensation ] , and seven years [ of ] imprisonment have been confirmed by the highest court . ”
Getty A demonstration in Iran over acid attacks
Human rights organisation Amnesty International have called for the Iranian government to call off the punishment . Supporters of the unnamed woman have called on the victim 's family to decline the punishment with one activist Mohammad Surizad asking for them to “ show clemency ” and pardon the convicted woman . Under Iranian Sharia Law retribution , or an eye-for-an-eye , punishments called qesas where cases involve bodily harm are permitted by the sentence can be refused by the victim or their family .
Acid Survivors from India Sun , October 23 , 2016 Express Pictures reports on the growing concern of the rising trend of acid violence in India . Acid violence is a form of gender based violence that reflects and perpetuates the inequality of women in society . Play slideshow 1 of 12
Getty Ameneh Bahrami after being blinded in an acid attack
Authorities in the country have increasingly used qesas in recent years due to the rise in acid attacks although the implementation of the punishment is still relatively rare . One such acid attack occurred six years ago when Ameneh Bahrami was blinded in both eyes by a university classmate after she repeatedly refused his proposal of marriage . In that case the victim forgave her attacker , sparing him from being blinded .
Getty Women in Iran ( stock image )
The Texas government last week warned a refugee agency in the state that the group could face legal action if it does not comply with the governor 's order to stop resettling Syrian refugees in Texas , but the International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) said on Monday that it would continue to aid refugees from Syria .
In a Nov. 25 letter to the Dallas chapter of the International Rescue Committee , Chris Traylor , the executive commissioner of the state Health and Human Services Commission , reminded the group of the governor 's decision earlier in November to stop cooperating with the federal government 's plans to resettle refugees from Syria in Texas .
“ We have been unable to achieve cooperation with your agency , ” Traylor wrote in the letter , according to the Dallas Morning News . “ Specifically , your agency insists on resettling certain refugees from Syria in the near future . ”
Traylor wrote that other refugee agencies in the state expressed willingness to cooperate with the Texas government to find alternative options for refugees from Syria , and he threatened legal action against the IRC if the group does not comply with the state 's demands , according to the Los Angeles Times .
“ Failure by your organization to cooperate with the state of Texas as required by federal law may result in the termination of your contract with the state and other legal action , ” Traylor wrote , asking the committee to respond by Nov. 30 .
Other agencies that help with refugee resettlement have also said they would continue to aid Syrians , but the Texas government has only sent a letter to the IRC , a Health and Human Services Commission spokesperson told the Dallas Morning News .
The IRC responded to Traylor on Monday with a statement reiterating the group 's commitment to helping Syrian refugees resettle in Texas .
“ The IRC understands Governor Abbott 's commitment to the safety of the people of Texas . There is no doubt that what happened on the streets of Paris on November 13 was horrific and the actions of a terrorist organization . However it is important not to conflate terrorists with the Syrian refugees who are seeking sanctuary in the United States , ” a statement from the group reads .
Representatives from the IRC are willing to meet with Texas Gov . Greg Abbott , according to the statement .
Earlier in November , Donna Duvin , the executive director of the IRC in Dallas , told the Dallas Morning News that the group may need to work more closely with the federal government to obtain the funding necessary to settle Syrian refugees in the state .
Rather than dying out in the dimly lit aftermath of a ginormous asteroid impact , dinosaurs on Earth may have instead spread to other planets and built a terrifying space-conquering empire .
Organic chemistry expert Prof Ronald Breslow has suggested from new research into DNA that the Jurassic Park monsters may in fact be living in highly evolved civilisations on other worlds - quite possibly with their own interstellar exploration programmes .
`` We would be better off not meeting them , ” the Columbia University boffin warned , however .
The alien dino theory in Breslow 's paper published today in The Journal of the American Chemical Society is just one speculative conclusion of his research into DNA shapes . In his research the award-winning academic probed a mystery that 's bothered boffins since the last century : why amino acids and sugars on Earth are always structured in a particular way .
He analysed the structure of proteins , sugars and genetic materials in DNA and RNA to find out why our planet 's building blocks of life mainly exist in a specific orientation . The scientist pondered :
There are two possible orientations , left and right , which mirror each other in the same way as hands . This is known as `` chirality '' . In order for life to arise , proteins , for instance , must contain only one chiral form of amino acids , left or right . With the exception of a few bacteria , amino acids in all life on Earth have the left-handed orientation . Most sugars have a right-handed orientation . How did that so-called homochirality , the predominance of one chiral form , happen ?
Breslow laid out evidence that unusual amino acids were brought to Earth by a meteorite four billion years ago and kickstarted life on our planet . He examined whether these putative space rock amino acids set the pattern for the L-shaped amino acids that make up most life on Earth and investigated whether those could lead to D-sugars of the kind present in DNA .
He cites evidence that L-shaped amino acids were found on a meteorite that landed in the 1960s . Life built out of the same basic building blocks could , on other worlds , take similar forms to creatures that roamed pre-historic Earth , as Breslow noted :
Such life forms could well be advanced versions of dinosaurs , if mammals did not have the good fortune to have the dinosaurs wiped out by an asteroidal collision , as on Earth . We would be better off not meeting them .
On the question of just why other planets may be inhabited by our dinosaurs , a second paper published last week in the Cornell Earth and Planetary Astrophysics Journal suggests the trillion-ton meteorite impact that killed the dinosaurs 65 million years ago may have blasted off small bits of dinosaur DNA out into space . And quite a lot of those bits of dino-carrying rock will have landed on amenable planets , say the paper 's authors .
The Cornell boffins have worked out what quantities of Earth matter would have been kicked out by the force of the impact and where that matter landed . They estimate that bits of Earth matter will have headed into the red dwarf Gliese 581 system some 20 light years away , which is thought to have a super-Earth orbiting at the edge of its habitable zone .
And of course if life from Earth was spewed into space by meteorites , then of course the life which arrived on our homeworld via meteorites must have come from somewhere else - somewhere perhaps filled with super-dinosaurs with iPads , satellite telly and Star Wars-style Death Stars .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A WOMAN who disguised herself as a man to trick two teenage girls into having sexual relationships with her has been jailed for 30 months .
Guildford Crown Court was told on Monday ( March 5 ) how `` manipulative and deceptive '' Gemma Barker , 20 , of Cherry Tree Road , Staines , created three male alter-egos on the internet and used them to dupe the teenage girls into dates .
The victims , who can not be identified for legal reasons , plus their friends and families , were taken in when she dressed up as the teenage males and started real-life relationships with the girls , the court was told .
Barker appeared to be sentenced , having earlier pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault and one of fraud .
Barker , previously of Island Farm Road , West Molesey , was 17 at the time of the offences which were carried out over a seven-month period between November 23 2009 and May 10 2010 .
Following psychiatric and psychological reports , the court was told Barker suffered from autism spectrum disorder , a personality disorder and ADHD .
Sentencing , Judge Moss said he had deliberated over whether custodial sentence was preferable to her being treated at a specialist mental health unit , however he decided the offences were too serious .
Barker was sentenced to 30 months in a young offender 's institute for the two charges of sexual assault , and three months for the charge of fraud , to run concurrently .
She was also ordered to sign the sex offenders ' register .
Farm manager Ms Budd said sheep had gone through seven bags of the plant by the time she found them ( Picture : REX/Getty )
A flock of sheep spent an afternoon stumbling around making strange noises after accidentally feasting on thousands of pounds worth of cannabis .
Nellie Budd , who manages Fanny 's Farm in Merstham , Surrey , said when she went down to the field she thought someone had simply dumped some rubbish – and then smelled the illegal plant .
But by the time she realised , her greedy sheep had already made their way through seven bags of the Class B drug – worth around £4,000 .
‘ At first I thought it was someone 's hedgerow rubbish . I went down to collect the bags so the sheep were n't eating black plastic , ' she told the Mirror .
MORE : Watch what happened when this man asked his kids to help him test his slow-motion camera
MORE : Is this the worst bit of parking ever ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
MORE : This place is a pub and a spa and all of your wildest dreams come true
‘ When I got there I realised it was a form of herbal cannabis plant . They were very strong in scent .
‘ I have no idea how they got there . It 's right next to a road and the footpath is quite open . '
Officers took away the remainder of the drugs but said they could face problems finding where they came from because the sheep had eaten so much of the evidence .
Ms Budd , meanwhile , said she did n't think there had been any negative side effects to the sheep but added :
‘ I 'll tell you about the meat next week . '
File photo : Nikesh Arora
Indian Institute of Technology , Varanasi )
: India-born former Google executive Nikesh Arora has been appointed the president of Japan 's telecommunications giant SoftBank Corp that paid the `` rising star '' a whopping $ 135 million ( Rs 850.5 crore at 1 dollar = 63 rupees ) for the financial year 2014.Mr Arora , 47 , was appointed company president and chief operating officer at a general meeting of shareholders here on Friday.In a management reshuffle last month , Mr Arora - investments head at the time - was named as a potential successor to company chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son , as the telecoms conglomerate steps up its overseas expansion.Mr Arora joined the Japanese company last September.He was previously chief business officer at Google Inc , which he entered in 2004 as a telecom industry analyst before being recruited by Mr Son.Hailed by Mr Son as a `` rising star '' , Mr Arora received 16.556 billion yen ( nearly $ 135 million ) for the period through March 2015.Of the total , 14.6 billion yen was paid as an entering bonus and compensation for his work as an executive at a SoftBank subsidiary , the Asahi Shimbun reported on Saturday , citing the conglomerate 's latest financial report.Unlike elsewhere in the world , there are few business executives in Japan who are paid several billions of yen a year and it is rare for a Japanese company to pay more than 16 billion yen annually to an executive , it said.In less than a year at SoftBank , Mr Arora has already directed about 200 billion yen ( $ 1.67 billion ) worth of deals that include investments in Indian technology start-ups - Snapdeal , an online marketplace , and taxi-booking service Ola Cabs , Nikkei Business Daily reported . Mr Arora has an MBA from Northeastern University , a master 's degree in finance from Boston College and graduated as an electrical engineer from IIT-BHU (
Thousands of Republican grassroots activists are gathering across Texas in Senate District ( SD ) and county conventions to continue the process that began in their local precincts on March 4th , of building the new 2014 Republican Party of Texas platform . Delegates from the various precinct conventions will gather in the various conventions and put forward resolutions of issues ranging from border security , to pro-life issues , to immigration reform , education , transportation , the 2nd Amendment and more . These issues will be voted on in each convention and those approved will move on to the State Convention which will be held in Fort Worth in June .
As these grassroots activists and leaders come together , Sen. Ted Cruz put together a video message to thank the very people responsible for his election just two short years ago . An email message , obtained by Breitbart Texas , from Sen. Cruz ' political team asks the convention leaders to play this video message of gratitude from the Senator to his activist constituents and supporters .
“ You are the heart of the Republican Party , ” Cruz began . “ Your work makes a difference . We 're seeing across this country , threats to our liberty – threats to the Constitution like never before . And yet , you 're the reason I 'm optimistic . ”
“ All across Texas , we 're seeing the grassroots rise up , ” he continued , “ and I 'm thankful for your passion . I 'm thankful for your passion for liberty . I 'm thankful for your passion for the Constitution . I 'm thankful for your passion for everyone to have a fair opportunity to achieve the American dream . ”
Cruz acknowledged that he would not be in the United States Senate today were it not for the efforts of grassroots activists . “ I want to say a special word to the Republican women who are there today . Republican women are an incredible force , the strongest force in politics . And , to each of you , I want to say , as my friend Kaye Goolsby often points out , Republican women are the heart and soul , and the brains of the Republican Party . ”
Cruz continued , thanking all of the various groups of people who make up the Republican Party of Texas and urged them all to continue the fight onward to the state convention .
Follow Bob Price on Twitter @ BobPriceBBTX
The two boys , aged between 10 and 12 , were ordered to execute the captives in front of their families…lads refused and were punished for failing to follow orders from the caliphate .
Children do not escape the cruelty of Islamic State jihadists . Some horrific examples ( which may be disturbing to some people ) :
“ ISIS sickos chop off kids ' HANDS for ‘ refusing to execute prisoners ' ” , By Tom Rawle , Daily Star , February 3 , 2017 :
The two boys , aged between 10 and 12 , were ordered to execute the captives in front of their families .
Yet the lads refused and were punished for failing to follow orders from the caliphate .
A source told Al-Sumaria news in Iraq : “ The Islamic State 's leaders issued orders to train a group of children on fighting in the group 's camps in Nables neighborhood , in the western side of Nineveh .
“ Meanwhile , members of the Islamic State terrorist group amputated the hands of two children , for refusing to carry out the execution sentence on two civilians in front of their families . ”
Public amputations are common in ISIS-run settlements .
Sickening images and video have emerged in recent months showing hundreds gathering around to see such spectacles .
The horrifying news comes days after ISIS ' chief executioner was killed by mystery death squads in the city of Mosul .
Abu Sayyaf is said to have butchered more than 100 captives .
Yet security sources have now confirmed the brutal killer had been stabbed to death by the squad of assassins… ..
A federal court on Tuesday threw out Texas 's redistricting plans , saying the maps drawn by the Republican-led legislature undermined the political clout of minorities who are responsible for the state 's population growth .
The three-judge special panel in Washington said Texas could not prove that plans for the state 's congressional districts and both houses of the legislature were not drawn without intentional discrimination against the state 's burgeoning Latino population . In addition , it said new district lines removed the “ economic guts ” from congressional districts now held by African-Americans .
“ The only explanation Texas offers for this pattern is ‘ coincidence , ' ” wrote U.S . Circuit Judge Thomas B. Griffith . “ But if this was coincidence , it was a striking one indeed . ”
The decision is not likely to change the districts before the November elections ; the political parties have already chosen their nominees under interim plans drawn by a different federal court .
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott ( R ) said the state would appeal Tuesday 's ruling to the Supreme Court .
“ Today 's decision extends the Voting Rights Act beyond the limits intended by Congress and beyond the boundaries imposed by the Constitution , ” Abbott said in a statement .
Texas is the largest state covered by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act , which requires federal approval of any voting changes in states with a history of discrimination . A separate three-judge panel is expected to rule this week on a new Texas law that requires voters to provide ID . The Obama administration opposed both laws because it says they endanger minority voting rights .
Some states and jurisdictions covered by Section 5 have argued that it is no longer necessary and have asked the Supreme Court to strike it down . The justices will consider next month whether to review the issue .
It 's likely that Democrats and groups who say Section 5 is still a necessary protection will use Tuesday 's decision to buttress their arguments .
The minority and voting rights organizations that opposed the redistricting plans called the ruling a clear victory .
“ The court 's decision is a damning indictment of ( Gov . ) Rick Perry and other Texas Republican leaders who , in a cynical attempt to hold on to power , engaged in intentional discrimination against Texas Latino and African-American voters , ” said Lone Star Project Director Matt Angle .
State Rep. Trey Martinez Fischer ( D ) , chairman of the Mexican American Legislative Caucus , said that the “ face of Texas is changing by the day ” and that the redistricting plans approved by the legislature in 2011 reflected “ a very old and different Texas . ”
Griffith was joined in the decision by U.S. District Judges Rosemary M. Collyer and Beryl A. Howell . Griffith and Collyer were nominated by President George W. Bush ; Howell is an Obama nominee .
The judges noted that Texas received four additional congressional districts after the 2010 census because the state 's population grew by about 4.3 million people .
Latinos accounted for 65 percent of the increase , blacks 13.4 percent and Asian-Americans 10.1 percent .
The Obama administration and those involved in the litigation contended that at least one of the new districts should have been drawn to enable a minority to be elected , the court said .
“ We agree , ” the judges added .
Texas 's redistricting plans already have been to the Supreme Court . The justices said that while the districts designed by the legislature could not be used for the 2012 elections , the plans should serve as a template for federal judges in Texas to design interim plans .
Fischer said it would be late in the game to try to change the districts for the fall elections , since nominees already have been chosen to use the boundaries approved by the court . But a challenge was still being considered .
Many household items that can be used as an aid to fix the problem .
1 Rub the pen on the bottom of your shoe . Test it on a piece of paper .
2 Tap the pen tip against a desk or other hard surface . Put paper underneath so that you do n't get ink all over the surface . The ink may start to flow .
3 Write on an eraser or other rubber surface . This may get the ball of the pen to move freely . [ 5 ] This may get the ball of the pen to move freely .
4 Remove the tip of the pen and soak it in rubbing alcohol . Do this for 5 minutes .
5 Take a lighter and hold the flame to the ballpoint tip . ( But do n't do this too long because the plastic will melt , ruining the pen . ) Press the tip to scrap paper and scribble until the ink flows . [ 6 ] ( But do n't do this too long because the plastic will melt , ruining the pen . ) Press the tip to scrap paper and scribble until the ink flows .
6 Rub the tip of clogged pen on an emery board .
7 Heat up the pens . Heat water to just below boiling , then remove it from the stove . Put the pen in a sealable plastic bag , then drop the bagged pen into the hot water for about 10 to 15 minutes . Take the bag out of the pot and let it cool . When they are cool enough to handle , take the pens out of the bag and forcefully dab them on paper . After several dabs , the pens should work . [ 7 ] Alternatively , you could heat up the pen tip for 8 to 10 seconds using a blow dryer . Heat water to just below boiling , then remove it from the stove . Put the pen in a sealable plastic bag , then drop the bagged pen into the hot water for about 10 to 15 minutes . Take the bag out of the pot and let it cool . When they are cool enough to handle , take the pens out of the bag and forcefully dab them on paper . After several dabs , the pens should work .
8 Using a drop of nail polish remover , force a wire into the tube until you find the dried ink and remove as much as you can . It gets messy . Once you can push the wire to the bottom of the refill , take a .010 '' guitar string and repeat the process until you get all the way to the ball itself . The nail polish remover will act as a solvent and get it going again .
9 Pull the metal tip off and push the ink down from the other end , using a paperclip or piece of metal if there is a visible air bubble at the tip of the pen . A small piece of sponge is an acceptable alternative . Once the ink is down far enough , re-attach the metal tip and push . Scribble until the ink flows freely again .
10 Use water . Hot or cold water can also be used to get a dry ball point pen to work again . Run the tip under cold water . If dried up ink is clogging the tip , this could get things flowing again . The water will lubricate the dried ball
Run warm water over the tip of the pen . The heat will loosen the dried ink . [ 8 ]
Use a damp rag and try to write on it , pressing down hard - it will also get the ball moving and begin to write . Be sure it 's a rag - you 'll end up with pen marks on the piece of cloth you are using ! Hot or cold water can also be used to get a dry ball point pen to work again .
11 Microwaves the refill . Lay the refill on a small piece of paper towel . Microwave for a very short time , until the refill is barely warm . For an older microwave , try two sessions of 10 seconds each , but if you have a newer microwave oven you 'll probably need less . Be cautious and do n't melt the plastic .
Monitor the pen closely if you try this ; frequently the pen can explode or melt , leaving ink in your microwave . Lay the refill on a small piece of paper towel . Microwave for a very short time , until the refill is barely warm .
12 Use a permanent markers on pen tip . Permanent marker usually contain strong solvent , use it on pen tip to help dissolve dried ink .
Show full PR text
Stockholm- November 6 2013
Introducing the Bugatti by Desvall .
World renowned automobile manufacturer Bugatti have teamed up with luxury shisha pipe maker Desvall . The companies envisioned a shisha pipe inspired by state-of-the-art automotive materials and engineering , combined with the iconic Desvall design , craftsmanship and patented technology . The result : Bugatti by Desvall , the ultimate statement for shisha connoisseurs . Stemming from Bugatti 's venerable racing heritage and the pioneering performance of the Bugatti Veyron , the Bugatti by Desvall is the quintessential modern shisha pipe . It is an extension of the exclusive Desvall shisha range but replaces the more traditional materials of glass , steel and crystal with high-tech materials from the automotive industry . Handmade in Sweden by premier artisans within their respective fields , the 80 cm tall shisha has a pure titanium frame wrapped in a special edition carbon fiber outer casing with hand sewn leather details . The Bugatti by Desvall retails for $ 100,000 USD and will be limited to 150 pieces .
Capt . Timothy Rexrode , center , the outgoing commander of Submarine Squadron 1 , greets Capt . Richard Seif , right , the incoming commander , at a change-of-command ceremony Thursday , Jan. 5 , 2017 , at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam , Hawaii . Rear Adm. Frederick `` Fritz '' Roegge , left , commander of U.S. Pacific Fleet 's Submarine Force , praised Rexrode 's leadership during the ceremony .
Capt . Richard Seif has assumed command of the Pearl Harbor-based Submarine Squadron 1 and its 10 Virginia- and Los Angeles-class fast-attack submarines .
Seif replaced Capt . Timothy Rexrode , who moves to the Pentagon to serve as executive assistant to the vice chief of Naval Operations .
Rear Adm. Frederick “ Fritz ” Roegge , commander of U.S. Pacific Fleet 's Submarine Force , praised the outgoing leader during a change-of-command ceremony Thursday at Joint Base Pearl-Harbor-Hickam .
“ I am particularly impressed with [ Rexrode 's ] thoughtful leadership and mentorship of the submarine commanding officers in his charge , ” Roegge said , according to a Navy statement . “ Tim , the submariners of Squadron 1 will miss you . ”
Rexrode called leading the squadron “ the utmost privilege . ”
“ Captains , I learned a lot from each and every one of you … I remain your biggest fan and supporter , ” he said .
Seif brings Pacific experience to the squadron , having served as deputy chief of staff for operations for Submarine Group 7 out of Yokosuka , Japan . His previous assignment was at the Pentagon , where he served as military assistant to the assistant secretary of defense for Strategy , Plans and Capabilities .
The squadron , established at New London , Conn. , in May 1941 , has been based at Pearl Harbor since Oct. 1 , 1945 .
hlavac.tyler @ stripes.com
So you want to build a maze
First off , two things you need to know :
This tutorial was made for Cinema 4D with MoGraph , so having a copy of that is important . Mazes are awesome and tedious to build by hand .
So , how do you make a maze ? You do n't . That 's what computers are for . So , how do you make a maze maker ? Read on .
A bit of theory
There are several algorithms that create perfect mazes ( ie , that have no loops ) . The one used here ( indeed , the most widely-used ) is the depth-first algorithm , which is explained on the Wikipedia page , so I wo n't get into that .
My method uses what I 've termed “ cells ” , square rooms that can have up to 4 walls . The idea is that each cell is assigned a number , and this number determines where an exit goes , as follows : The north exit is given the value 1 , the south exit is given the value 2 , the east exit is given the value 4 and the west exit is given the value of 8 . The final value of a cell is thus a number between 0 ( no exits ) and 15 ( no walls ) , and is the result of simple addition . Thus , if your cell has a value of 7 , it means that it 's open to the north , the south and the east ( 7 = 1 + 2 + 4 ) .
Now on to the good bit .
Setup
Create a Matrix object , and set it to Grid . Add some User Data to this Matrix . You want to add Width ( Integer , between 2 and 50 ) , Height ( same ) , Random seed ( Integer , between 0 and 99999 ) and Cell list ( In-/Exclude list ) .
Then , add an XPresso tag to it . The remarks should make it obvious what 's what , but just in case : Green is the Matrix object , gold are Python scripts , and blue are generic XPresso tags .
XPresso
First , get the Width and Height custom values and plug them in the Matrix Sizer script . The code is below :
# Matrix Sizer import c4d def main ( ) : global Output1 global Output2 # Lower the width/height by 1 so the cells are right next to eachother vx = Input1 - 1 vz = Input2 - 1 # The count on X , Y and Z Output1 = c4d.Vector ( Input1 , 1 , Input2 ) # The size on X , Y , Z # The cells are 200 x 200 cm , hence the value Output2 = c4d.Vector ( vx * 200 , 0 , vz * 200 ) # End Matrix Sizer
The resulting values get plugged back into the Matrix object , into Count and Size , respectively .
Then , get those values again and plug them into the Instance Maker script .
# Instance Maker import c4d def main ( ) : global Output1 # Get the object named Holder holder = doc.SearchObject ( `` Holder '' ) # No holder ? Create it if holder == None : # Make a Null holder = c4d.BaseObject ( c4d.Onull ) # Call it Holder holder [ c4d.ID_BASELIST_NAME ] = `` Holder '' # Insert it into the document doc.InsertObject ( holder ) c4d.EventAdd ( ) # Does the holder have fewer objects inside it than the grid size ? if len ( holder.GetChildren ( ) ) < Input1 * Input2 : # Create a new Instance object clone = c4d.BaseObject ( c4d.Oinstance ) # Make sure it 's not a Render Instance ( ie , it creates actual geometry ) clone [ c4d.INSTANCEOBJECT_RENDERINSTANCE ] = 0 # Stick it in the holder clone.InsertUnder ( holder ) c4d.EventAdd ( ) # Are there more objects in the holder than there should be ? if len ( holder.GetChildren ( ) ) > Input1 * Input2 : # See how many more ... diff = len ( holder.GetChildren ( ) ) - ( Input1 * Input2 ) kids = holder.GetChildren ( ) # ... then KILL THEM for i in range ( diff ) : kids [ i ] .Remove ( ) c4d.EventAdd ( ) # Use this holder object Output1 = holder # End Instance Maker
Using the Hierarchy and Object Index nodes , loop through each of the newly-created Instance objects . The Width , Height and Random seed of the Matrix , along with the Index of the current Instance , all go together into the Maze Generator script .
# Maze Generator # Shamelessly lifted from http : //rosettacode.org/wiki/Maze_generation # Python import c4d import random # Magic goes here def makeMaze ( w , h , seed ) : # Set a random seed , to make sure each cell is part of the same maze # Otherwise , it 'll generate a new maze for each cell , so they wo n't link random.seed ( seed ) # The values for each exit , as per the introduction dd = { 'n ' : 1 , 's ' : 2 , ' e ' : 4 , ' v ' : 8 } # Movement directions dx = { 'n ' : 0 , 's ' : 0 , ' e ' : 1 , ' v ' : -1 } dy = { 'n ' : -1 , 's ' : 1 , ' e ' : 0 , ' v ' : 0 } # The opposite directions op = { 'n ' : dd [ 's ' ] , 's ' : dd [ 'n ' ] , ' e ' : dd [ ' v ' ] , ' v ' : dd [ ' e ' ] } # Blank 2d array , as big as the grid grid = [ [ 0 ] * w for _ in range ( h ) ] # The actual output out = [ ] def carve ( x , y ) : dirs = [ 'n ' , 's ' , ' e ' , ' v ' ] # Pick a direction at random , repeat random.shuffle ( dirs ) for dr in dirs : # The coordinates of the new cell ( nx , ny ) = ( x + dx [ dr ] , y + dy [ dr ] ) # It must be inside the grid , and unvisited if ( 0 < = ny < = h - 1 ) and ( 0 < = nx < = w - 1 ) and grid [ ny ] [ nx ] == 0 : # Mark the new cell as visited , and recurse from here grid [ y ] [ x ] += dd [ dr ] grid [ ny ] [ nx ] += op [ dr ] carve ( nx , ny ) # We 're starting at 0 , 0 carve ( 0 , 0 ) # Turn the 2d array into a 1d array for i in range ( h ) : for j in range ( w ) : out.append ( grid [ i ] [ j ] ) # out will contain all the cells return out def main ( ) : global Output1 # Invoke previous function , making a maze maze = makeMaze ( Input1 , Input2 , Input3 ) # See which cell we 're at on the grid , and what type it is Output1 = maze [ Input4 ] # End Maze Generator
So now we have a grid of the proper size , a bunch of empty Instances , and we know what each Instance is supposed to be an instance of . Let 's put it all together .
Pipe the current Instance , the Cell list ( I 'll get back to that ) , the output of the previous script , and the position of the current Matrix point into the Maze Cells script .
# Maze Cells import c4d def main ( ) : # Get the current cell from the list oo = Input2.ObjectFromIndex ( doc , Input3 ) # Name it , so we know what 's what Input1 [ c4d.ID_BASELIST_NAME ] = `` Instance of `` + oo [ c4d.ID_BASELIST_NAME ] # Hook up the cell to the instance Input1 [ c4d.INSTANCEOBJECT_LINK ] = oo # Position it Input1.SetRelPos ( Input4 ) # End Maze Cells
Modeling
The following list will tell you how the cell exits should be laid out :
0 : none
: none 1 : -Z
: -Z 2 : +Z
: +Z 3 : +Z , -Z
: +Z , -Z 4 : +X
: +X 5 : +X , -Z
: +X , -Z 6 : +X , +Z
: +X , +Z 7 : +X , +Z , -Z
: +X , +Z , -Z 8 : -X
: -X 9 : -X , -Z
: -X , -Z 10 : -X , +Z
: -X , +Z 11 : -X , +Z , -Z
: -X , +Z , -Z 12 : +X , -X
: +X , -X 13 : +X , -X , -Z
: +X , -X , -Z 14 : +X , -X , +Z
: +X , -X , +Z 15 : +X , -X , +Z , -Z
Pay attention to this list . It took me the better part of a week to figure it out , and it 'll save you a lot of trouble .
The actual modelling will be left as an exercise to the reader .
When you 're done with that , drag them all in that exact order into the Cell list user data field on the Matrix . The maze should update automatically .
Finish
Throw some lights , some materials , fiddle with the values , and brag to your friends . They 'll be impressed .
I hope you 've enjoyed this thing , and let me know what you make with it .
/r/rockeh ~ reasonoptional.tumblr.com
A new report estimates there were 4.3 million new cancer cases and more than 2.8 million cancer deaths in China in 2015 , with lung cancer the most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer death in China .
With increasing incidence and mortality , cancer is the leading cause of death in China and is a major public health problem .
But China 's massive population ( 1.37 billion ) has limited previous national incidence and mortality estimates to small samples of the population ( less than 2 % ) using data from the 1990s or based on a specific year .
Recently , high-quality data from an additional number of population-based registries has been available through the National Central Cancer Registry of China .
For the new report , researchers analyzed data from 72 local , population-based cancer registries ( 2009-2011 ) , representing 6.5 % of the population .
The report finds :
It is predicted that there will be about 4,292,000 newly diagnosed invasive cancer cases in 2015 in China , corresponding to an average of almost 12,000 new cancer diagnoses each day .
Among men , the five most common cancers are : cancers of the lung , stomach , esophagus , liver , and colorectum , which together account for about two-thirds of all cancer cases .
Among women , the most common cancers are breast , lung and bronchus , stomach , colorectum , and esophagus , accounting for nearly 60 % of all cases . Breast cancer alone is expected to account for 15 % of all new cancers in women in China .
It is estimated that about 2,814,000 Chinese will die from cancer in 2015 , corresponding to over 7500 cancer deaths on average per day .
The five leading causes of cancer death among both men and women in China are cancers of the lung and bronchus , stomach , liver , esophagus , and colorectum , accounting for about three-quarters of all cancer deaths .
Similar to the incidence rates , the mortality rate for all cancers combined is substantially higher in men than in women ( 165.9 vs 88.8 per 100,000 ) and in rural areas than in urban areas .
For all cancers combined , the incidence rates were stable during 2000 through 2011 for males ( 10.2 % per year ) , whereas they increased significantly ( 12.2 % per year ) among females .
In contrast , the mortality rates since 2006 have decreased significantly for both males ( 21.4 % per year ) and females ( 21.1 % per year ) .
Despite this favorable trend , the number of cancer deaths substantially increased ( 73.8 % increase ) during the corresponding period because of the aging and growth of the population .
Much cancer and many cancer deaths in China could be prevented through reducing the prevalence of risk factors , while increasing the effectiveness of clinical care delivery , particularly for those living in rural areas and in disadvantaged populations .
The largest contributor to avoidable cancer deaths in China are chronic infection , which is estimated to account for 29 % of cancer deaths , predominantly from stomach cancer ( H. pylori ) , liver cancer ( HBV and HCV ) , and cervical cancer ( HPV ) .
Tobacco smoking accounted for about one-quarter of all cancer deaths in China ; yet over one-half of adult Chinese men were current smokers in 2010 , and smoking rates in adolescents and young adults are still rising .
Outdoor air pollution , considered to be among the worst in the world , indoor air pollution through heating and cooking using coal and other biomass fuels , and the contamination of soil and drinking water mean that the Chinese population is exposed to many environmental carcinogens .
Follow Knowridge Science Report on Facebook , Twitter and Flipboard .
Citation : Chen W , et al . ( 2016 ) . Cancer Statistics in China , 2015 , CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians . DOI : 10.3322/caac.21338 .
Figure legend : This Knowridge.com image is for illustrative purposes only .
Bernie Sanders is defending his record on guns . ( AP Photo/Troy Wayrynen )
Bernie Sanders 's critics say he supports stricter rules on guns only when it 's convenient . For his part , the Democratic presidential candidate insists that he is a reliable ally of gun-control advocates .
`` I 've been strong on this issue , '' he said in an interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper on Sunday , citing his votes in favor of background checks at gun shows and a ban on sales of semi-automatic weapons .
Sanders did take those votes , as well as many others in favor of stricter gun control . Over his long career , though , he 's also stood against gun control on several crucial pieces of legislation , as this voting history compiled by the Tampa Bay Times shows . Sanders did not discuss those votes in Sunday 's television interview .
Sanders said he voted for instant background checks , which he called `` probably the most important thing we can do . '' Yet many gun-control advocates favor longer waiting periods to instant background checks to allow for the authorities to more thoroughly vet someone who is trying to buy a weapon . Current law requires the Federal Bureau of Investigation to approve or deny a gun purchase within three days . Dylann Roof , accused of killing nine people at a church in Charleston , S.C. in July , was able to buy a gun because it took the feds more than three days -- the legal maximum -- to determine whether he was eligible .
During the debate over the Brady handgun bill , which established the background-check system , Sanders did vote in favor of instant background checks on an amendment . Ultimately , though , he voted against the Brady legislation , which imposed a five-day waiting period . Former aides told the Times that Sanders 's aim was to represent Vermont , a sparsely populated state where many people own guns for hunting . Sanders 's constituents there did not want a waiting period for gun purchases , they said .
Gun-control advocates were also frustrated when Sanders voted for a 2005 bill to bar victims of gun violence from suing firearms manufacturers . Although legal experts say that such lawsuits would have been unlikely to succeed in most cases , since the manufacturers could argue that a third party was responsible , the bill still gave the industry a level of legal protection unique among makers of dangerous consumer products .
And a year later , Sanders voted to make it harder for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to identify and shut down unscrupulous gun dealers . While data on the black market for guns is limited , an investigation by The Washington Post , among other studies , has found that most guns used in crimes come from just a few gun stores -- about 1 percent of licensed dealers . The bureau lacks the resources and the legal authority to prevent those dealers from doing business .
On Sunday , Sanders said that the way to reduce gun violence is to improve the country 's mental health system . While it is true that the mentally ill are more violent on average than the general population , there are n't many people who are mentally ill , and only a small fraction of overall violence can be blamed on mental disorders , psychologists say .
`` If we were able to magically cure schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depression , that would be wonderful , but overall violence would go down by only about 4 percent , '' Duke University 's Jeffrey Swanson told ProPublica last year .
Can a story move thousands of people to tears without moving anyone to action ?
Judging by `` My Family 's Slave , '' the Atlantic article that nearly broke the internet last week with its tale of a woman from the Philippines who was enslaved in modern-day America , the answer may be a disappointing yes . Because although it has inspired online conversations , according to anti-slavery nonprofits , it is n't doing much to inspire actual donations .
`` She was 18 years old when my grandfather gave her to my mother as a gift , '' wrote Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Alex Tizon in the 7,000-word piece , `` and when my family moved [ from the Philippines ] to the United States , we brought her with us . ''
Her name was Eudora `` Lola '' Tomas Pulido , and Tizon 's posthumously published article goes into painful detail about the life she lived , absorbing decades of abuse while cooking , cleaning and caring for two generations of Tizon 's family , all without pay or even a proper bed . `` No other word but slave encompassed the life she lived , '' he wrote .
The article quickly went viral . `` It seemed like all anyone could talk about online , '' the Observer noted the day of its release ( remarkable considering it coincided with President Donald Trump 's firing of FBI Director James Comey ) . A week later , it still sits atop the Atlantic 's `` most read '' list and has accumulated almost 20,000 shares on the magazine 's original Facebook post , which represents only a slice of the article 's actual reach . The article itself has more than 13,000 comments and counting .
But while the story has been aggregated and praised and critiqued—launching international conversations about modern slavery , and even inspiring backlash to the backlash—it has n't pushed the needle for organizations that combat slavery and human trafficking .
No one would ever accuse fantasy author David Eddings of being too complicated . Although he 's known for several trilogies and five-part epics , Eddings creates fantasy worlds that seem like Middle-Earth for second graders . So , then , why are they so much damn fun to visit ?
I found Pawn of Prophecy , the first book in Edding 's first big epic The Belgariad , when I was in grade school , which was the perfect time . See if this story sounds familiar : A young boy learns he 's secretly not only the heir to a far-off kingdom , but destined to fight the evil god who lives on the other side of the world . As he journeys through a variety of countries where the peoples generally all share one outstanding characteristic — Sendarian are simple but steadfast , Drasnians are sly and generally spies — a large group of lovable characters help him on his journey , most notably a cantankerous old wizard of immense power .
Advertisement
Sound familiar ? It 's the standard formula that virtually every fantasy writer follows , and 99 % of them feel like the Tolkien rip-offs they are . But somehow , not Eddings . While all the standard pieces are there , and the adventure of young Garion as he 's coming into his birthright and fights the vengeful , scarred god Torak hits all the same marks , there 's something about David Eddings ' fantasy that makes this journey as fascinating as when Frodo Baggins delivered his ring — and sometimes , more fun .
A large part of The Belgariad and The Mallorean 's appeal is how the epic begins , with young Garion growing up on a simple farm with no notion of his destiny . The book and the writing starts out very soberly , but Eddings ' simplicity matches the experience of youth well , and as Garion grows up , so does Edding 's prose . We really feel Garion growing up in a way few other book series can hope to accomplish , and it ties us emotionally to him as he slowly learns about his world and his fate .
That world , of course , is almost cartoonishly simple . Where Tolkien 's Middle-Earth is rich in historical detail and complexity , the setting of Eddings ' Belgariad ( and its sequel epic , The Mallorean ) is… well , efficient might be the best way to put it . Again , the countries each have one broad stereotype that virtually all of the inhabitants share . Besides the aforementioned countries of Sendaria and Drasnia , there 's Cherek , which are essentially Vikings , and Tolnedra , a smallish empire clearly based on Ancient Rome . At least the Angaraks — the evil people devoted to worship of Torak — have a few countries of their own , including the Thulls ( dumb ) , the Nadraks ( more self-interested than outright evil ) and the Murgos ( just outright evil ) . There is an ancient history to know , but it literally only affects Garion and his group . And the world 's system magic is equally simple — the Will and the Word , with the only rule being you ca n't unmake something ( or you blow up ) .
Advertisement
So what makes this world so compelling ? Without any doubt , its characters . David Eddings has a knack for writing characters you want to hang out with , whether you 're 8 or 48 . The Belgariad and The Mallorean have a huge cast , and I 've mentioned how easy it is to identity with the protagonist , Garion , but every character is someone you 'd love to have as a friend . Belgarath the sorcerer is exactly like Gandalf if he was fun . Belgarath gets drunk , flirts , and raises hell , even though he 's the most powerful wizard on the planet . Silk is a Drasnian spy and thief who is as ready with a quip as his daggers . Then there 's Mandorallen , a knight whose allegiance to chivalry utterly obliterates his common sense .
And they 're all funny , because David Eddings is screamingly good at dialogue . Perhaps the dialogue is n't so brilliant that he makes these characters feel fully realized , but it definitely achieves pure entertainment . For just one small example , please see this scene from Magician 's Gambit ( book 3 of The Belgariad ) in which Silk has just thrown the evil assassin Brill off a high cliff :
`` What was that ? '' Belgarath asked , coming back around the corner . `` Brill , '' Silk replied blandly , pulling his Murgo robe back on . `` Again ? '' Belgarath demanded with exasperation . `` What was he doing this time ? '' `` Trying to fly , last time I saw him . '' Silk smirked . The old man looked puzzled . `` He was n't doing it very well , '' Silk added . Belgarath shrugged . `` Maybe it 'll come to him in time . '' `` He does n't really have all that much time . '' Silk glanced out over the edge . From far below - terribly far below - there came a faint , muffled crash ; then , after several seconds , another . `` Does bouncing count ? '' Silk asked . Belgarath made a wry face . `` Not really . '' `` Then I 'd say he did n't learn in time . '' Silk said blithely .
But while the characters are all clever and funny , but they are n't too clever , or too funny . They 're not particularly self-aware , which keeps them from feeling like Eddings is trying too hard . There 's no quip fatigue , as sometimes happens with Joss Whedon 's earlier works or Kevin Smith movies . These are just funny , funny characters and getting to hang out with them for 10 full books is a delight — a delight that I get to reexperience every time I reread them ( and I reread them every few years , at least ) .
Advertisement
David Eddings is n't the best fantasy author , and his world-building is , to put it kindly , lacking . But what Eddings achieves that so few authors do is to provide utter and total entertainment from start to finish over the course of these 10 books ( and again in his later , separate trilogies The Elenium and The Tamuli ) . Eddings may have created a simple world , but it 's one I 've looked forward to returning to — much more than Tolkien , Robert Jordan , or even George R.R . Martin . And if that 's not magic , what is ?
Contact the author at rob @ io9.com .
`` A dark , dystopic grabber in which words are treated as weapons , and the villainous types have literary figures ' names . Plath , Yeats , Eliot and Woolf all figure in this ambitious , linguistics-minded work of futurism . ''
—Janet Maslin , New York Times
`` Imagine , if you will , a secret group of people called Poets who have the power to control others simply by speaking to them . Barry has , and the result is an extraordinarily fast , funny , cerebral thriller . ''
—Time Magazine
`` An extremely slick and readable thriller . ''
—Washington Post
`` Barry has a gift for spinning complicated plots that are n't weighed down by their intricacies . His prose here is dark and incisive , and he creates sympathetic ( and often quite funny ) characters . There 's nothing inherently scary about words , and yet the author acknowledges that they have the capacity to throw entire societies into chaos , Tower of Babel-style . In Barry 's world , evil dwells in the everyday ways the public is manipulated by language—through politicized media , push polling and targeted advertising—and words become as frightening and lethal as a looming pandemic . All this makes Lexicon more sophisticated and laden with subtext than your average genre thriller , and clearly reaffirms Barry 's status as a gifted purveyor of suspense . ''
—Time Out New York
`` Lexicon is a strange combination of romance , thriller and science fiction . Imagine blending the works of Neal Stephenson with Michael Chabon and the end result would come close to the world envisioned by Barry . The words brilliant and exemplary are n't adequate enough to convey the amazing craft of Lexicon . ''
—Associated Press
`` A clever blend of sci-fi and thriller , with touches of romance and humor… persuaded me anew that words are , indeed , the bomb . ''
—Dallas Morning News
`` It 's a pitch-perfect thriller , a jetpack of a plot that rocketed me from page one to page 400 in a single afternoon , and it kept me guessing right up to the end . Imagine Dan Brown written by someone a lot smarter and better at characterization and at hand-waving the places where the science shades into science fiction , and you 've got something like Lexicon . ''
—Cory Doctorow , Boingboing.net
`` [ A ] speedy , clever , dialogue-rich thriller . ''
—Salon
`` A crazily inventive conspiracy thriller . ''
—io9.com
“ Exceedlingly original ... incredibly empathetic and insightful ”
—The Barnes & Noble Review
“ Brazen and brilliant ”
—The Wichita Eagle
“ Mind-bending ... an action novel that nicely exercises the brain as well as the heart rate . ”
—Shelf Awareness
`` A large helping of both action and thought… anyone who knows 1984 will remember the fanger of allowing people to love each other—but Barry handles it with skill . ''
—Infodad.com
`` An absolutely first-rate , suspenseful thriller with convincing characters who invite readers ' empathy and keep them turning pages until the satisfying conclusion . ''
—Booklist ( starred )
`` An up-all-night thriller for freaks and geeks who want to see their wizards all grown up in the real world and armed to the teeth in a bloody story . ''
—Kirkus ( starred )
`` [ An ] ambitious satirical thriller… amuses as much as it shocks . ''
—Publishers Weekly
“ The sort of thriller that pricks real-world anxieties about privacy and coercion while rushing on with an outlandish clockwork plot . Lexicon 's clockwork is excellent , too : The book succeeds largely through Barry 's skill in managing his reader and his plot , suspending disbelief by intercutting a pair of storylines until they inevitably intersect . He always chooses immersion over exposition , letting his reader feel his way through the Chomskian mix of surveillance-society paranoia and linguistic geekiness . ”
—Philadelphia City Paper
`` Poets , then , wield words like weapons , and in Max Barry 's searing new novel , that 's exactly what they are , because the right sequence of sounds can unlock a person , essentially . Render someone open to suggestion . Tell them to do a thing and they will , without question . Well , vartix velkor mannik wissick ! I bid you , read this book… Not that much of anything is certain in this blistering literary thriller . Lexicon twists and turns like a lost language , creating tension and expectations , systematically suggesting and then severing connections . ''
—Tor.com
`` About as close you can get to the perfect cerebral thriller : searingly smart , ridiculously funny , and fast as hell . Lexicon reads like Elmore Leonard high out of his mind on Snow Crash . ''
—Lev Grossman , New York Times bestselling author of The Magicians and The Magician King
`` Lexicon grabbed me with the opening lines , and never let go . An absolutely thrilling story , featuring an array of compelling characters in an eerily credible parallel society , punctuated by bouts of laugh-out-loud humor . ''
—Chris Pavone , New York Times bestselling author of The Expats
`` Dazzling and spectacularly inventive . A novel that jams itself sideways into your brain and stays there . ''
—Mike Carey , author of The Devil You Know
`` I do n't know how you could craft a better weekend read than this novel of international intrigue and weaponized Chomskian linguistics . It 's the perfect mix of philosophical play and shotgun-inflected chase scenes . Like someone let Grant Morrison loose on the Bourne identity franchise . ''
—Austin Grossman , author of Soon I Will be Invincible
“ Insanely good . Dark and twisted and sweet and humane all at once . ”
—Lauren Beukes , author of Zoo City and The Shining Girls
`` Best thing I 've read in a long , long time . ''
—Hugh Howey , New York Times bestselling author of Wool
`` You Dropped a Bomb on Me '' is an electrofunk song performed by The Gap Band , released in 1982 on producer Lonnie Simmons ' label , Total Experience Records . It reached # 2 on the Billboard R & B charts , # 39 on the dance charts , and # 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 . [ 2 ] In addition to the single release , the song was featured on the band 's 1982 album Gap Band IV .
A notable feature of the song is its use of a synthesizer to imitate the whistling sound of a bomb being dropped . This is first heard immediately before the first verse , and throughout the song from the fourth chorus onward . The song also features timpani drum rolls .
In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks , the song was one of those named on the 2001 Clear Channel memorandum of `` lyrically questionable '' songs . [ 3 ]
The song is featured in a Walmart Christmas holiday television commercial which started airing in October 2017 . [ 4 ]
The song is frequently played at sporting events . For example , it is played at both San Francisco Giants and Houston Astros home games when a player from the home team hits a home run .
References [ edit ]
'Full transparency : ' Scarammuci says he 's deleting old tweets
CLOSE Incoming White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci used the term 20 times to describe his feelings for his colleagues and the president . Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Just one day after being tapped as the new White House communications director , Anthony Scaramucci said Saturday that he 's deleting old tweets , some of which bash President Trump and support policy that goes against the president 's agenda .
`` Full transparency : I 'm deleting old tweets , '' Scarmucci said in a tweet Saturday , adding , `` Past views evolved '' and `` I serve @ POTUS agenda & that 's all that matters . ''
Full transparency : I 'm deleting old tweets . Past views evolved & should n't be a distraction . I serve @ POTUS agenda & that 's all that matters — Anthony Scaramucci ( @ Scaramucci ) July 22 , 2017
On Friday , Mother Jones published a list of tweets from Scaramucci that had not yet been deleted in which he calls Hillary Clinton `` incredibly competent , '' says he believes in fighting climate change and supports increased gun control .
Some of those have since been deleted .
`` You can take steps to combat climate change without crippling the economy . The fact many people still believe CC is a hoax is disheartening , '' Scaramucci said in a message that has since been deleted .
Trump said global warming was `` created by and for the Chinese '' and pulled the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement in June .
`` We ( the USA ) has 5 % of the world 's population but 50 % of the world 's guns . Enough is enough . It is just common sense it applies more controls , '' Scaramucci said in another .
Not all of Scaramucci 's tweets countering Trump 's agenda have been wiped from the social media platform , though .
I am not a climate change denier . I have said publicly that I do n't know the answer . I am for clean air and clean water . https : //t.co/RQHeG6hmue — Anthony Scaramucci ( @ Scaramucci ) December 14 , 2016
`` I am for clean air and clean water , '' Scaramucci tweeted on Dec. 14 , 2016 .
Scaramucci also tweeted his support of free trade and said `` trying to fight globalization is counterproductive '' on March 2 , 2016 .
Takeaway : Trying to fight globalization is counterproductive . Currencies settle the score & free trade fosters greater global econ stability — Anthony Scaramucci ( @ Scaramucci ) March 2 , 2016
On his 100th day in office , Trump ordered a review of the U.S. 's free trade agreements .
Others on Twitter have taken screenshots of past tweets from Scaramucci that they say have since been deleted , too , in which he praised Mitt Romney for his `` decision to stay out of the Trump spectacle '' and calls Trump an `` odd guy . ''
These tweets were just deleted by @ Scaramucci . pic.twitter.com/VpfVkQiiUp — Jeffrey Guterman ( @ JeffreyGuterman ) July 21 , 2017
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @ RyanW_Miller
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2uTE3uz
Image caption The team used forensic techniques to examine the King 's heart , which is now a brown powder
The mummified heart of King Richard I has been analysed by forensic experts .
When the English monarch , nicknamed Richard the Lionheart , died in 1199 his heart was embalmed and buried separately from the rest of his body .
Its condition was too poor to reveal the cause of death , but the team was able to rule out a theory that he had been killed by a poisoned arrow .
The researchers were also able to find out more about the methods used to preserve his organ .
The study is published in the journal Scientific Reports .
The medieval king became known as Richard the Lionheart because of his reputation as a courageous military leader .
He was central to the Third Crusade , fighting against the Muslim leader Saladin .
Although he ruled England , he spent much of his time in France , and was killed there after being hit by a crossbow bolt during a siege on a castle .
Image caption Richard I 's remains were divided after he died - his heart was buried in a tomb in Rouen
After his death , his body was divided up - a common practice for aristocracy during the Middle Ages .
His entrails were buried in Chalus , which is close to Limoges in central France . The rest of his body was entombed further north , in Fontevraud Abbey , but his heart was embalmed and buried in the cathedral of Notre Dame in Rouen .
The remains of his heart - now a grey-brown powder - were locked away in a small lead box , and discovered in the 19th Century during an excavation .
But until now , they had not been studied in detail .
To find out more , a team of forensic specialists and historians performed a biological analysis .
Dr Philippe Charlier , a forensic scientist from Raymond Poincare University Hospital , in France , said : `` We carried out exactly the same kind of analysis that we would perform on an exhumed body for forensic purposes .
`` We did a microscopic examination , toxicological analysis and also a pollen analysis . ''
Time of death
The heart was too badly decomposed to confirm exactly how the king died - most historians believe gangrene or septicaemia from his wound would have been the cause .
Our toxicological analysis showed no presence of any arsenic Dr Phillipe Charlier , Raymond Poincare University Hospital
However , another , less widespread theory put forward in a medieval chronicle is that Richard I may have been killed by an arrow coated in poison .
But Dr Charlier said his tests revealed that this probably was not the case .
`` Our toxicological analysis showed no presence of any arsenic or any other metals , so we have n't found any proof of any contamination during the end of Richard the Lionheart 's life , '' he explained .
`` We have no confirmation that he would have been poisoned : there is no argument for this . ''
The team found pollen in the sample , including grains from poplar and bellflower . This suggests that Richard I died at the end of April , May or the beginning of June , as these plants are in flower then . In the history books , his date of death is given as 6 April 1199 .
Image caption The heart was buried in a small lead box , which was discovered in 1838 during an excavation
The analysis also revealed much more about the techniques that were used to preserve his heart - providing an insight into medieval religious rituals .
Dr Charlier said : `` The spices and vegetables used for the embalming process were directly inspired by the ones used for the embalming of Christ .
`` For example , we found frankincense . This is the only case known of using frankincense - we have never found any use of this before . This product is really devoted to very , very important persons in history . ''
The heart , which was wrapped in linen , also had traces of myrtle , daisy , mint and possibly lime .
The scientists think these would have been used for their smell , to give the King an `` odour of sanctity '' , which would be `` similar to Christ '' .
They also found mercury , which would have been used stop the heart from decomposing .
Dr Charlier said that during the post-mortem , they used up as little material as possible .
He explained : `` We wanted to conserve it for the future generations .
`` These are not only samples , they are also human remains and we have to respect them . ''
Mark Ormrod , professor in history from the University of York , said the research was extremely interesting .
`` That consciousness of using very high-quality herbs and spices and other materials that are much sought after and rare does add to that sense of it being Christ-like in its quality , '' he said .
`` Medieval kings were thought to represent the divine on Earth - they were set apart form other lay people and regarded as special and different . So that treatment of the heart strikes me as being absolutely credible . ''
He added that it was rare to get a forensic insight into the remains of medieval kings - and that this study and the work done on the remains of Richard III , who was recently found buried under a car park in Leicester , were unusual .
He said : `` Generally speaking , when human remains are found on consecrated ground , the church , the state and the law all prevent one from undertaking any scientific analysis of them , so the opportunities to do these kinds of things are very rare . ''
No-Rise Beer Bread for Idiots and Loons
There 's a thing that happens in the Fall and it always ends with random beers in your refrigerator . Which is fine if you 're normal , but perhaps you are a person who insists on being able to see the back wall of the fridge at all times and has a slight compulsion that causes you to remove price tags from foodstuffs and insist that all labels be facing forward ? Because if you 're a person like that — not that you are — those stray beers rattling around inside your otherwise perfectly organized icebox might make you Shining-levels of crazy .
And sure , you could just drink the beers but perhaps you are also a person who likes a good recipe ? Because if you 're a person like that , those stray beers might start talking to you as part of the whole Shining thing you 've achieved and are all , “ Make me into beer bread ! Everyone loves a recipe with alcohol in it ! BREADRUM ! BREADRUM ! ” * makes creepy finger gesture *
Or maybe it 's just that beer bread can be as stupid easy to make as you want it to be , and it 's Fall and curling up with your needlepoint while a loaf of homemade bread bakes in your oven just sounds so cozy and delightful .
So shall we ? Yes , let 's shall .
The first order of business is to get a big ol ' bowl , into which you should put these things . The goal here , besides putting beer inside you , is to end up with a product that looks like bread dough . Since beer comes in bottles , unless you live in a bar with taps and kegs ( and , if you do , can I come live with you ? ) , we 'll be working with a specific liquid measure . Let 's start here :
• 2 ½ cups flour ( here you can go with white , wheat , or a mix-y-match-y of things , like maybe wheat-and-rye ? ) with some reserved
• 1 tablespoon sugar or honey
• 1 tablespoon baking powder
• 1 teaspoon salt
Now stir that stuff up so it 's mixed together . If you want to get fancy , and by all means you should get fancy , look at you , you fancy thing ! , you can add a tablespoon or so of a spice blend you like ( I often use this CRAZY HOT stuff a friend bought off the Amish ) or you could mix in some cheese , say about a half cup of it , or you could use your imagination ! Hell , you 're already talking to the beer bottles , I know that brain of yours is capable of creative thinking !
All that 's left to do now is add the bottle of beer , and we are referring to a 12-ounce bottle of it , and you should do this slowly because you ca n't possibly be so stupid as to not know what would happen if you furiously beat a bottle of beer into a dry mix that has leavener in it , right ? ( Just checking . ) ( Dummy . ) Ooh also ? The dummies among us probably need to be told that the type of beer used will affect the flavor of the bread . ( The kooks have already been told that by the talking beer bottle . ) I saw some flap recently about pumpkin beer ( which , ew yes ew , sounds pretty vile ) but actually might be pretty delish in beer bread ? Think about it . Ooooh , you know what would be super cute ? Use pumpkin beer and then top the bread with salted pumpkin seeds ( and then you could also bake a few razor blades into it and give it out on Hallowe'en ! Oh my God , no do n't do that ) .
So , once you have incorporated all the beer , you may find this a wet sloppy mess . Add flour until this resembles dough — something between zero , ½ and a whole cup of flour will make it dough-like . Use your best judgment ! ( Ha ha ! ) It should be neither super-sticky nor super-dry .
Pour the batter into a buttered loaf pan and bake at 375 for 45 minutes , checking after 30 . If you want a crustier bread , spray it with water before and throughout , and/or put a roasting pan of ice and water in the bottom of the oven . If you want a shiny bread , brush the top of the dough with an egg wash ( 1 egg + 2 tablespoons of water ) . That 's it ! I know , right ? So stupid easy ! And/or crazy easy !
Jolie Kerr is n't even sure . Just… go with it .
Photo by freethehops .
Editor 's note : Indonesia 's Bird 's Head Seascape is home to a large population of whale sharks , the world 's largest fish and , until recently , largely a mystery to science . In 2015 , Conservation International ( CI ) scientists made headlines by launching the world 's first successful fin-mounted satellite tagging program for whale sharks . By directly attaching a satellite tag to the creatures ' dorsal fins , researchers have been able to receive near-real-time updates on the position of the sharks .
Here , CI 's vice president for Asia-Pacific marine programs , Mark Erdmann , reflects on the most interesting satellite tracks the team has recorded in the past two years .
It has been just over two years since we successfully deployed five fin-mounted satellite tags on whale sharks in in the Bird 's Head Seascape in West Papua , Indonesia . Since that initial expedition , we 've managed to deploy the custom-made satellite tags on 27 whale sharks in West Papua 's Cendrawasih and Triton bays .
Perhaps the most surprising finding has been just how differently each of these sharks behaves . While we expected to see some “ generalized tracks ” of migrations of the sharks out of the Bird 's Head region , in reality every shark has largely acted independently . Some have remained close to home , while one traveled more than 5,100 kilometers ( 3,169 miles ) from West Papua — and each satellite track has revealed unique behaviors .
The homebody
The 4.5-meter-long ( about 15 feet ) whale shark “ Sharky McSharkface ” ( who incidentally was named in a CI online naming contest ) is now a world-record-holder for the longest satellite tag data series from a whale shark . His tag has been transmitting now for 25 months continuously , all the more impressive given that the satellite tags ' battery packs are designed to provide up to a maximum of two years of transmissions . During this period , Sharky has been largely a homebody in Cendrawasih Bay , venturing out of the bay only for a short time in late December 2016 . He has recorded some impressive dives of up to 1,288 meters ( 4,226 feet ) deep during this time , however . To put that into perspective : Scuba-diving humans generally go to a maximum 30-40-meter ( 98-131 feet ) depth ; a human that dove to 1,288 meters without the aid of a submersible would be crushed to death .
WE NEED YOUR HELP To track sharks provides invaluable information about their role in the oceans . Donate today to help protect them . DONATE
The deep diver
Speaking of deep diving , 6-meter-long ( 20-foot ) “ Moby ” recorded one of the deepest known dives for whale sharks ( 1,856 meters , or 6,089 feet ! ) during his impressive travels north from Cendrawasih Bay to the southern Mariana Trench . Interestingly , he made this northerly loop between March and June 2016 , then did a short jaunt westward to Raja Ampat , Indonesia , before returning to Cendrawasih Bay for about eight months . That 's a huge distance to cover — and in only three months ! In March 2017 , he looked to be repeating his northern migration , but has unfortunately not sent any further position data since then .
The coastline hugger
“ Wally , ” a 6-meter ( about 20-foot ) male , laid down a very unusual track during the 15 months his tag was active . During this time , he left Cendrawasih Bay and closely hugged the coastline of New Guinea , stopping for weeks at a time at the large river outlets he encountered along the way . From what we can surmise , he was likely targeting the baitfish schools that tend to be abundant in the coastal waters off these big estuaries . He made it nearly as far as Wewak and the Sepik River outlet in Papua New Guinea , but then moved back and forth along the coastline repeatedly . He returned to Cendrawasih Bay for a short time and then back down the coast — clocking 3,800 kilometers ( 2,361 miles ) during his 15 months of travel .
The Triton Bay original
“ Kaimana , ” a 4.5-meter ( about 15-foot ) male , was the first whale shark we tagged in the Triton Bay area in the southern portion of Bird 's Head Seascape in December 2016 . In the eight short months since he was tagged , Kaimana has traveled an impressive 4,000 kilometers ( 2,485 miles ) while making first a southwesterly loop ( tracing the outer Banda Sea island arc down to southern Timor-Leste , then back to Triton Bay ) , and then a northern arc along the FakFak coast up to southern Raja Ampat . Along the way he 's dived to 1,250 meters ( just over 4,100 feet ) in depth .
The international man of mystery
“ Kodo ” has won the contest for West Papuan whale shark with the most stamps in his passport : The 4-meter-long ( 14 feet ) male swam northwest from Cendrawasih Bay into the waters of Palau , then visited Mindanao in the Philippines , then back down to Indonesia , into Australia 's Gulf of Carpentaria , then back to southern Papua , Indonesia . He has covered more than 8,400 kilometers ( about 5,220 miles ) since being tagged in March 2016 , and has spent the majority of the past 9 months in the vicinity of Merauke in southern Papua . This is particularly “ mysterious ” given that this is a mangrove swamp and mud-flat region — not the type of habitat we usually think of for whale sharks . We 're not exactly sure why he has spent so much time in these shallow muddy waters , but presumably he has found a food source that keeps him happy .
The surface swimmer
“ Cheggers ” was tagged in November 2016 , and after spending a few months in Cendrawasih Bay , decided to take a long trek to the northeast . What makes him interesting to whale shark researchers ? The 5.6-meter-long ( more than 18 feet ) male has stayed mostly on the surface of the water during his 2,915 kilometer ( 1,811 miles ) swim over to Yap and Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia ( though he did occasionally dive as deep as 1,375 meters [ 4,511 feet ] ) .
The long-distance champion
Interestingly , the whale shark with the longest track length is also one of the smallest sharks we tagged . “ Fijubeca ” was only 3 meters ( about 10 feet ) in length when we tagged him in October 2015 , but since that time he has traveled more than 9,000 kilometers ( 5,592 miles ) on a track which led him north into Palauan waters , then east into Papua New Guinea , then over to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi , and then back to southern Raja Ampat and the FakFak coastline in West Papua , where he has spent most of the past year . The little shark has dived as deep as 880 meters during his 21-month tag deployment , impressive given his size ! Equally remarkable , Fijubeca has visited eight of the marine protected areas ( MPAs ) in the Bird 's Head Seascape during his travels . This makes us particularly happy as it indicates we 've done a good job of designating these MPAs in areas that are important to marine megafauna migratory routes .
The chairman of the board
Peter is a a 5-meter-long ( 16 feet ) male named in honor of CI 's founder and chairman of the board , Peter Seligmann . We tagged Peter in April 2017 to commemorate Peter 's retirement after 30 years as our CEO — but Peter 's shark avatar has shown no signs of slowing down . To the contrary , after spending a month relaxing in Cendrawasih Bay , he shot north into Palauan waters , covering more than1,400 kilometers ( about 870 miles ) in the past two months .
A look to the future
CI 's whale shark satellite tagging program has provided a wealth of insights into the secret lives of the world 's largest fish , and we are now using this information to improve the management of whale shark tourism in the Bird 's Head region . Importantly , the satellite tracks we 've recorded have also highlighted several regions of West Papua that are frequented by migrating whale sharks that are now being considered for development of additional marine parks . In the near future , we are planning a major expedition in collaboration with the Georgia Aquarium and the Indonesian government to assess the health of Cendrawasih Bay 's whale shark population and specifically investigate whether current tourism practices are sufficiently “ whale shark friendly , ” or if they are causing undue stress to the sharks and requiring of additional management interventions .
Stay tuned for more details .
Acknowledgements
This work was made possible in part by guests of the True North expedition vessel ; CI donors including Matt Brooks , Pam Rorke Levy , the Wong family , Daniel Roozen , Marie-Elizabeth Mali , Enki Tan and the Sunbridge Foundation ; Nexus International School ; Oceanmax/Propspeed ; and the University of Adelaide 's Centre for Applied Conservation Science .
Mark Erdmann is vice president for Asia Pacific Marine Programs at Conservation International .
Want to read more stories like this ? Sign up for email updates here . Donate to Conservation International here .
It 's still unknown whether Josh Rosen will suit up for UCLA 's Cactus Bowl showdown with Kansas State , but do n't expect a decision on his future before then .
The potential No . 1 pick in April 's NFL draft reportedly wants to sit down and have a `` serious conversation '' with his parents before making a decision regarding his future , according to Josh Weinfuss of ESPN .
The junior enjoyed the most productive season of his career this year following an injury-riddled 2016 campaign , throwing for 3,756 yards and 26 touchdowns while completing 62.6 percent of his passes .
The Cleveland Browns and New York Giants appear eager to find new quarterbacks , and with the franchises expected to pick side by side at the top of the draft , it 's unlikely Rosen would spend much time on the board .
COLUMBIA , Mo . – David Yost has resigned his position as University of Missouri assistant head football coach , after spending the past 12 seasons on Head Coach Gary Pinkel 's staff at Mizzou . Yost cited personal reasons for his decision , which is effective immediately .
The departure will end a 17-season association between Pinkel and Yost . He initially joined Pinkel 's staff at Toledo in 1996 as a graduate assistant , and from 1997-2000 , was Pinkel 's quarterbacks coach and recruiting coordinator , until moving to MU in the same position .
“ First off , I want to thank Coach Pinkel for an amazing 17 years , ” said Yost . “ He has done so much for me and I 'm just so grateful for the faith that he showed in me and all of the opportunities that he sent my way . I also want to thank Mike Alden for the support he has given me personally , and to our program . Mizzou is a special place , and I know that we 're positioned to do great things going forward , ” Yost said .
“ There are a lot of factors that played into the process of coming to my decision , ” Yost said . “ I feel like I 've had a great run here and that it 's just the right time to turn it over to someone else . On one hand , it 's a really hard decision to make , but on the other hand , I feel good that it 's the right decision at the right time for me , ” he said .
“ I 'm going to miss our staff , they 're like brothers to me , and not being around our players , that 's hard to think about how tough that will be , ” he said .
Part of the original staff when Pinkel was hired at Mizzou prior to the 2001 season , Yost was the first staff member to join Pinkel in Columbia , and he initially served as quarterbacks coach and recruiting coordinator , staying in that role through 2008 . Prior to 2009 , Yost was promoted to offensive coordinator , and in the fall of 2011 , he had assistant head coach added to his title .
Three of Yost 's protégés at quarterback are playing in the National Football League , in Brad Smith ( Buffalo Bills ) , Chase Daniel ( New Orleans Saints ) and Blaine Gabbert ( Jacksonville Jaguars ) . The trio also earned 12 different all-conference honors between them , and Daniel emerged on the national stage in 2007 when he was a Heisman Trophy finalist , eventually finishing fourth in the voting . Smith became the first quarterback in NCAA FBS history to throw for 8,000 yards and rush for 4,000 yards in a career . Gabbert followed Daniel and became an eventual first-round NFL Draft pick .
Yost also coached placekickers , and he worked with four kickers who won all-conference honors . Two of his kickers – Grant Ressel and Jeff Wolfert – earned national honors , with Ressel being named a 1st-Team All-American in 2009 , while Wolfert preceded him as an honorable-mention All-American in 2007 .
“ It is very difficult to imagine not having David as part of our staff , ” said Pinkel . “ I asked him to reconsider , but I respect his decision . He has been such an instrumental part of our program and everything we ‘ ve built since we came here . There 's hardly an aspect of our program that he has n't had a hand in , and we 're going to miss his leadership and energy . He was responsible for a lot of things , and he did them all very well . He was an outstanding representative of Mizzou who busted his tail for our program . He 's going to be tough to replace , ” he said .
Pinkel said that he will conduct a national search for Yost 's replacement , but that he will also consider internal candidates . There is no timetable for the timing of the hire .
It 's no secret by now that Russia tries to subvert American democracy by sowing chaos in as many ways as possible , so it should come as no surprise that they have tried to buttress secession movements . Yes California has raised all sorts of red flags in its campaign pushing for California to leave the union over the past year . Its leader , Louis Marinelli secured a “ California ” embassy in Moscow shortly after the election . Yes California did not have an embassy in any other country , and its Moscow office was provided rent-free by the Anti-Globalization Movement in Russia .
Marinelli 's wife is a Russian national , and he lived in Russia teaching English last year . He spent the entirety of 2016 pushing for California to secede , and despite the fact that roughly one-third of Californians support secession as of April this year , Marinelli curiously gave up the effort , and announced he is settling permanently in Russia .
The leader of the Calexit campaign , Louis Marinelli , just announced he 's settling in Russia permanently & withdrawing his ballot petition . pic.twitter.com/zHwtUjcm5p — Natasha Bertrand ( @ NatashaBertrand ) April 17 , 2017
Per Business Insider :
Yes California 's links to Russia have been well documented . “ Calexit ” started trending on Twitter in the hours after the results of the 2016 presidential election were announced . Before then , the PAC received favorable attention from news outlets backed by the Kremlin . Marinelli attended a conference in Moscow dedicated to the right of secession last September .
Which brings us to Texas . Secession has been popular in Texas from the moment they joined the union , so its secession movement is much more organic than the one that seemingly sprung up overnight on the west coast . Natasha Bertrand—a BI reporter who has been covering this Russia ordeal—spoke to Daniel Miller , the president of The Texas Nationalist Movement . Miller said of the shadowy Facebook group linked to Russia , “ when they decided to start doing all these ‘ Texit ' rallies , they reached out and wanted us to participate , and we said ‘ thanks , but no thanks . ' ”
Miller said that a “ gentleman living north of Houston ” reached out to him and “ identified himself as the admin of the page ” named Heart of Texas , which at the time was just “ a bunch of Texas pride memes. ” However , Miller claimed that “ the character of the page changed over time . It got very political. ” Their relationship with Miller did n't get much further than that , as he said “ anyone can set up a Facebook page . It does n't impress us. ” But he still confirmed some kind of effort by a now-banned Facebook group to infiltrate his organic secession movement .
Facebook took down the Texas Nationalist Movement page during their purge of Russian accounts . Heart of Texas created a Twitter profile in November 2015 when both social networks experienced a massive surge of Russia-linked fake accounts , and the typos and unfamiliarity with English throughout its posts further raised suspicion . This is a problem that we are just beginning to understand , and given how late Facebook and Twitter are to fixing it , we should expect more Russian-lead subversion via social media until our Silicon Valley giants figure out how to balance their insatiable desire for more revenue against their allegiance to the government that enables those gains in the first place .
Jacob Weindling is a staff writer for Paste politics . Follow him on Twitter at @ Jakeweindling .
Tony Benn , who died last week , was in his political prime when he was interviewed by Eric Hobsbawm on the state of the nation under Thatcher… and sounded a heartfelt rallying cry to rescue his beloved Labour party
Martin Jacques , the former editor of Marxism Today . writes : In October 1980 Marxism Today carried what was to become a famous interview with Tony Benn by leading historian Eric Hobsbawm . Benn was at the peak of his power in the Labour party and Hobsbawm had written an influential article on the state of the left entitled `` The Forward March of Labour Halted ? '' . The interview , published on the eve of the Labour conference , attracted enormous interest and was widely cited . Here is an edited extract .
Eric Hobsbawm Well , first , it 's a great pleasure , of course , to have you here . I would just like to say that I do n't see this meeting of ours either as a confrontation or as an equal dialogue . I see my function rather as that of drawing you out , possibly pinning you down , chiefly because your reactions to the questions we are about to discuss are of considerable public interest , in view of your position in politics .
I would like to begin by saying that those of us who have been around a long time tend to have a sense of deja vu . We are back again in a period of a major crisis of world capitalism , combined with a very dangerous international situation , and this is , of course , the general setting within which the specific and very grave problems of Great Britain , the British economy and British politics are being played out . The first thing I 'd like to ask you is how do you see this present world capitalist crisis and the present international situation ? How would you compare it with the last time round ?
Tony Benn By way of introduction , may I explain that I am not a Marxist , academic or historian , but a practising politician trying to understand what is happening . I too am struck by the similarities between the situation now and the situation in the 1930s , in that , as far as this country is concerned , we are locked into a virtual collapse of our industry which has proceeded more rapidly than people expected and which has been coming for some time . It is a decline beginning at a lower level of activity than we had in the 1930s .
It looks at the moment as if the government , far from trying to revive the British economy , is using this crisis in order to secure certain very clear political objectives . Namely , if possible the destruction of trade union power in the land by three processes : by stimulating unemployment to frighten working people away from trade unionism ; by legislation through the Employment bill to make effective trade unionism very difficult , if not impossible ; and by the utilisation of the media in a very sustained campaign to persuade the British public that the trade union movement is responsible for our problems and has got to be weakened if we are to recover from them . It would also be true to say that in this slump we have a government that no longer has a patriotic element in its capitalism and actually sees a future for the people they represent in the success of international capitalism , even at the expense of the United Kingdom becoming the sort of Northern Ireland of the Common Market .
On the other hand , the trade union movement is much stronger than it was in the 1930s in terms of numbers . Also , a lot of people are clearer in their own mind about what is happening . The option of war as a solution to the problem of the slump has been rendered absurd , though not impossible , because of the development of nuclear weapons , and I think these factors make the situation slightly different .
I must just add one other point . If you look at the defeat of the Labour government in May 1979 , the more I think about it , the more I think it was a surrender rather than a defeat . For 20 years non-political trade unionism had been preached and it 's turned out to be a cul-de-sac , and non-socialist Labourism had been preached , and it 's also turned out to be a cul-de-sac . One could argue that Mrs Thatcher and the Conservative party won last year with very little opposition to the ideas that she preached . Much of the ground had been conceded before the election . But the crisis bears very strong resemblances to what happened in the 1930s . Indeed , what we are witnessing is an attempt to use this crisis to put the clock back to a much earlier period .
EH You said that the trade union movement today is stronger than it was , say , in the 1930s . That may be so . But would you say that on the whole the socialist movement , the democratic movement , the people 's movement , have shown themselves to be strong enough to mount an effective challenge , both to the crisis itself , and to the forces such as Thatcherism , which it has brought out ?
TB If you mean `` have we yet succeeded in building a winning coalition of people who understand what is happening and recognise the role of trade unionism and socialism in preventing the disaster from overwhelming us ? `` , no , clearly we have not . If you mean `` is there a residual strength and a potential strength in the instruments of democracy , the instruments of trade unionism and the ideas of socialism , capable of being mobilised and developed to prevent this from reaching its ultimate form of repression ? `` , I think the answer must be yes . Otherwise I would be wholly pessimistic about the prospects .
EH To what extent have the weaknesses and failures of the labour movement aided erosion of support , this gradual decline of support , and indeed the failure , even after a year of the present government , for the movement , and I would say for the people as a whole , to recover the confidence in Labour that it should have ? To what extent would you make the record of the various Labour governments between 1964 and 1979 responsible for this ?
TB You know that I served in every Labour government from 1964 to 1979 , and take my full share of responsibility for that . But it would be very foolish to deny that what occurred did so as a result of the upper direction of the Labour party over this whole period . That 's why I mentioned the concept of surrender . Ideologically and tactically there have been over the last 30 years three waves of revisionism in the Labour party .
The first was the Gaitskellite wave where he argued , in broad agreement with Macmillan , that you could rely upon full employment and it could sustain the welfare state without socialism . Every worker could have a Mini in the garage , a television set in his living room and a package holiday in Majorca . Political trade unionism was no longer needed , and socialism was old hat . This revisionism was presented as Labour 's response to Macmillan 's 1959 victory .
The second wave of revisionism occurred during the 1960s when Harold Wilson came to the conclusion that the trade unions were an embarrassment to the Labour government because the Labour government was hoping to rise above its past as a product of trade unionism and present itself to the country as the natural party of government , strong enough to govern the country even when opposed by the trade unions .
The third wave of revisionism , which is the one that is now being vigorously resisted , is a revisionism based upon a coalition at the very top of some of the parliamentary and trade union leadership to control the rank and file of the movement as reflected at Conference . This third wave of revisionism is the most comprehensive of all because it is a revisionism designed to consolidate , within the structures of the labour movement , an acceptance of the ideas of incorporation that were really defeated in May 1979 . If that revisionism is accepted then we are finished . But it can not , and will not , be accepted .
EH Mass support and mass dynamism is at the moment lacking in the Labour party . How can we get it back again ?
TB We must be very clear that we are not interested in a narrow , sectarian , purist party all taking one view . You may have noticed that now the left is beginning to get a majority on the national executive , we are deliberately limiting the grounds for expulsion . I think that what the left is now saying is that we want a very broad church . The condition for the broad church , however , is groups within the party do n't put up candidates against Labour candidates .
EH When you say broad church , do you mean a broad church of different tendencies within the Labour party ?
TB Yes . I think we must be a broad church . We have got a lot of different groups in the Labour party . For example , on the right we have got the `` exitists '' , who have gone , we 've got the `` departurists '' , who are packing to go , we 've got the `` ultimatumists '' , who will go if certain things happen , we have got the `` confrontationists '' , who have stayed to fight it out . But all these are in a minority . The solid core of the party is socialist . I think it 's important to remain broad because all the groups have got something to contribute to our work . But more than that , I want to broaden the party out much further . I want to extend affiliations . Why , if we are trying to get the NUT to affiliate , should n't you try to get the Indian Workers ' Association to affiliate ? Why , if you are trying to get Nalgo to affiliate , should n't you seek to persuade the women 's movement to affiliate ? I would like to see affiliations now open on a very broad basis , including the peace movement , the ecological movement and so on . In that way we will broaden the party .
We must however be careful to see that the Labour party , at this stage in development , does n't so excite middle-class radicals that they come in and swamp our basic working-class support . That is why it is so important to build up factory branches , to expand basic political education . The Labour Party Commission of Enquiry has done a very good job on organisation , finance and political education .
We must also win the battle of party democracy . If the trade union movement is to be induced to take a new and deeper interest in socialism , which is a precondition for mass support and social change , trade union members must be able to be sure that the policies that go through party conference will actually be in the manifesto and will be implemented by accountable parliamentary leaders .
If we get all those elements right : a broad party ; an effective organisation to allow the trade unions to play a more active part in the party ; and a capacity to translate policy into action by using a parliamentary leadership that remains accountable , then I think we have a chance of success . I ca n't put it higher than that . But at least the party is now beginning to understand where it went wrong and what it must do to put it right . If we succeed we shall be able to answer the credibility question that we get when we go canvassing . You knock at the door and they say , `` Well we agree with you about all this , but how do we know that you are going to do it next time ? ''
Until we can answer that question confidently we wo n't get the third dimension of mass support from people , especially from the working class , who are neither active trade unionists nor active Labour party people but who really want to know whether it 's going to be exactly the same next time as it was last time . We must be able to answer that question credibly to get the electoral majority necessary to breath life into the policies that we have been talking about .
The killing of environmental activists jumped by 20 % in 2014 , with at least 116 deaths around the world tied to disputes involving land and natural resources , the London-based advocacy organization Global Witness claimed this week .
“ [ That 's ] almost double the number of journalists killed in the same period , ” its report said . “ Disputes over the ownership , control and use of land was an underlying factor in killings of environmental and land defenders in nearly all documented cases . ”
According to How Many More ? , the majority of deaths took place in Central and South America ; Brazil topped the list with 29 cases followed by Colombia with 25 .
Global Witness dubbed Honduras as “ the most dangerous country per capita to be an environmental activist , ” where during the past five years 101 individuals have been killed in relation to their advocacy work .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The organization urged governments across the globe to take bolder measures to tackle the issue ahead of the U.N . Climate Change Conference that will be held in Paris later this year .
“ Environmental and land defenders are often on the frontlines of efforts to address the climate crisis and are critical to success , ” said the report . “ Unless governments do more to protect these activists , any words agreed in Paris will ultimately ring hollow . ”
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
WireGuard is a next generation VPN protocol , which lives in the Linux kernel , and uses state of the art cryptography . One of the most exciting recent crypto-networking developments , WireGuard aims to drastically simplify secure tunneling . The current state of VPN protocols is not pretty , with popular options , such as IPsec and OpenVPN , being overwhelmingly complex , with large attack surfaces , using mostly cryptographic designs from the 90s . WireGuard presents a new abuse-resistant and high-performance alternative based on modern cryptography , with a focus on implementation and usability simplicity . It uses a 1-RTT handshake , based on NoiseIK , to provide perfect forward secrecy , identity hiding , and resistance to key-compromise impersonation attacks , among other important security properties , as well as high performance transport using ChaCha20Poly1305 . A novel IP-binding cookie MAC mechanism is used to prevent against several forms of common denial-of-service attacks , both against the client and server , improving greatly on those of DTLS and IKEv2 . Key distribution is handled out-of-band with extremely short Curve25519 points , which can be passed around in the likes of OpenSSH . Discarding the academic layering perfection of IPsec , WireGuard introduces the idea of a `` cryptokey routing table '' , alongside an extremely simple and fully defined timer-state mechanism , to allow for easy and minimal configuration ; WireGuard is actually securely deployable in practical settings . In order to rival the performance of IPsec , WireGuard is implemented inside the Linux kernel , but unlike IPsec , it is implemented in less than 4,000 lines of code , making the implementation manageably auditable . These features converge to create an open source VPN utility that is exceedingly simple , yet thoroughly modern and secure .
The presentation will be divided up into several parts . First , there will be an overview of the problems with IPsec , OpenVPN , and other popular VPNs , outlining attacks and weaknesses . Next , the WireGuard idea of the `` cryptokey routing table '' will be introduced , and we 'll walk through several properties derived from it . This will transition into a discussion of the timer state mechanism , and how secure protocols are necessarily stateful , but it 's possible to make them appear stateless to the user by exhaustively defining all possible state transitions . Then we 'll get into the hardcore meat of the presentation : the cryptography and various crypto innovations behind WireGuard . We will discuss the triple Diffie-Hellman , the role of combining static and ephemeral keys , the performance and DoS-potential of Curve25519 point multiplication , using a PRF chaining for rotating keys , identity hiding and remaining silent on a network , and clever usage of authenticated encryption with additional data . We will examine the various attack models , and enumerate the cryptographic mitigations employed by WireGuard . The sum will be a comprehensive overview of modern day crypto tricks , attacks , and useful constructions , and how these insights have been funneled into WireGuard . Finally , we 'll examine the Linux kernel implementation of WireGuard , seeing how it 's possible to avoid allocations in response to unauthenticated packets as a defense coding technique . During the presentation , a live WireGuard endpoint will be provided to audience members who wish to send packets , whether encrypted , legitimate , malformed , dubious , or otherwise curious .
Threaded throughout will be an enumeration of attacks on existing protocols and cryptographic tricks for their mitigation .
My background is in security -- kernels , hardware , reversing , crypto , large networks , etc -- and as such I 've broken a lot of systems with some novel tricks and protocol insights . WireGuard is motivated by a sort of cornucopia of clever attacks ( crypto and otherwise ) against other networks . I made it because I wanted something I could actually confidently run on my own infrastructure , and none of the other tools were nearly up to the task . So , this talk is going to go into depth about real attacks on various protocols , in addition to unveiling some techniques to avoid entire classes of attacks .
Finally , since WireGuard is initially implemented for the Linux kernel , there have been some very interesting considerations to account for with kernel programming . Cross platform implementations are also in the works , written in Go and Rust .
Getty Images
The Saints have placed the exclusive franchise tag on Drew Brees , which means he 's not allowed to negotiate with any other team , and therefore his only leverage in negotiations is the threat that he simply wo n't sign at all . And Brees sounds like he 's ready to use that leverage .
Brees said on Mike and Mike in the Morning that after signing the one-year franchise tender with the Chargers in the 2005 season , only to suffer a serious injury to his throwing shoulder at the end of that season , he 's in no mood to sign the one-year franchise tender again . Instead , Brees wants the Saints to commit to him for the long term .
“ I 've played under the franchise tag before , back in 2005 , and that ended with 13 anchors in my right shoulder and a 25 percent chance of playing football again , ” Brees said . “ That did n't work out too well for me . I 've talked to the Saints about this many times . They definitely know my desire to have a long-term deal , and hopefully they want me to have that as well . We will continue discussions and hopefully get a long-term deal done . ”
Brees are making the promotional rounds as part of an endorsement deal , but he sounded like he was n't particularly thrilled to be talking about his contract — and not particularly thrilled that his contract is still an issue after he and the Saints ' brass had said repeatedly during the season that they fully expected a deal to get done . Brees did , however , express some optimism .
“ I 'm still hoping that we can get something done sooner than later , ” Brees said .
But if they do n't get something done , the Saints better not count on Brees reporting for the one-year franchise tender .
The personal information of at least 30 million South African citizens has been exposed in what is believed to be the biggest data breach to ever hit the country .
The leaked records reportedly date back to the late 1990s and included ID numbers , names , genders , martial statuses , incomes , company titles , employment details and property ownership information . The trove included files on people both alive and deceased .
The 27GB-sized cache was titled `` MasterDeeds '' and – at least a glance – was seemingly linked to registered homeowners in the country . Experts initially believed that it was tied to the government .
The breach was first reported by Tefo Mohapi , founder and CEO of tech and media website iAfrikan .
It has been loaded into the breach notification service Have I Been Pwned , a platform maintained by Australian security researcher and commentator Troy Hunt .
Hunt said that there were `` more than 30 million '' records in the full dataset . On Twitter , he noted that the files were uploaded to the web in April 2015 – and may have been exposed since then .
The trove of information was linked to a company called Jigsaw Holdings Ltd which had domains registered to a man called Hano Jacobs . One particular domain linked to Jacobs was govault.co.za , a service tied to a Johannesburg business called Dracore Data Sciences .
Online , GoVault was touted as a `` goldmine '' of information that offered `` easy access to the contact details of South African consumers and homeowners '' for real estate firms .
Jacobs ' Twitter profile contained a ( now removed ) direct link to `` realty1ipg [ dot ] co.za '' , an estate agency in South Africa that was reportedly once a client of Dracore 's .
A statement published to Dracore Data Sciences website claimed Jacobs had confirmed the source of the leaked data was a compromised Jigsaw Holdings server .
Chantelle Fraser , CEO of Dracore Data Sciences , added : `` We conclusively know that we are not the source of the data leak '' She said that the impact of the leak will be `` far reaching '' .
The true scope – and length – of the business relationship between Dracore Data Sciences and Jigsaw Holdings remains unclear at the time of writing .
Now , any South African citizens who are concerned their personal data was exposed online are advised to check Have I Been Pwned . Hunt said that there are a total of 2.2 million email addresses but `` tens of millions of actual identities '' in the full database .
He tweeted : `` I wo n't be loading the government issued IDs ; these are sensitive personal identifiers that should be carefully guarded .
`` I hope the party responsible for publicly publishing this data is quick to take accountability and notify impacted parties . Let 's not call this a 'hack ' folks , '' he added . `` Someone in South Africa literally published their database of the entire country to the public internet . ''
South Africa has a total population of approximately 56 million people .
[ UPDATE : Hunt has revealed that the database contained 60,323,827 rows in total . `` There are many 'deceased ' records hence total number being higher than the SA population , '' he tweeted .
The FBI office in Milwaukee is offering a $ 10,000 reward in the search for a suspect in a Wisconsin gun store robbery and threats against schools .
Joseph A. Jakubowski , 32 , went on the run Thursday after stealing handguns and rifles from Armageddon Gun Shop in Janesville , according to police . A vehicle registered to him was found burned out nearby .
A statewide crime alert says Jakubowski `` has been highly agitated recently regarding a variety of political issues . ''
It was also reported that he had made threats to steal weapons and use them against public officials or a school .
Local schools were notified .
The Rock County Sheriff says investigators have obtained a manifesto Jakubowski sent to President Donald Trump , according to a report from our Madison partner station NBC15 report . The manifesto apparently takes issue with government officials and authorities .
`` We have also ( found ) a 161-page manifesto that the suspect wrote was sent to President Trump at the White House . This manifesto has been evaluated by experts within the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit to better understand his mindset and locate investigative leads or evidence , '' Rock County Sheriff Robert Spoden said .
Several schools in the Janesville area canceled classes Friday , including UW-Rock County and Blackhawk Technical College campuses . Some other schools were in lockdown for the day .
Police say it is possible Jakubowski is no longer in Wisconsin .
Joseph Jakubowski is described as a white man , 5'10 '' tall , with brown hair and green eyes .
Anyone who sees Jakubowski should call 911 or 1-800-CALL-FBI ( 1-800-225-5324 ) .
The annual conference of the Israeli Bitcoin Association , covering all aspects of Bitcoin and the Blockchain technology !
The talks will be given in Hebrew and range from economics , law and politics to technology , entrepreneurship and research . The conference will also feature an exhibit hall and plenty of networking opportunity .
Attendance is free , and light lunch and refreshments will be served .
In addition to RSVPing here , please also click here ( http : //goo.gl/forms/leVwmgcs6L ) and fill up the form . This will help us prepare for your visit . Save the date , spread the word , and contact us at [ masked ] if you 'd like to give a talk , put up a booth , be a sponsor or have any questions or comments .
Agenda :
08:30-09:30 Gathering
09:30-09:40 Opening
09:40-09:50 Asaf Zamir - Welcome to Tel Aviv
09:50-10:10 Ariel Horwitz - Bitcoin , a hands-on guide
10:10-10:20 Matan Field - Backfeed : Decentralizing the Present
10:20-10:35 Eli Bejerano - Bitcoin trading
10:35-10:45 Eitan Katchka - La'zooz : Is an `` Uberless '' Uber within reach ?
10:45-10:55 Yoram Tietz - Case study : Blockchain
10:55-11:05 Adlai Chandrasekhar - Do we have something to hide ?
11:05-11:20 Eden Shochat - Bitcoin entrepreneurship in Israel
11:20-11:40 Break
11:40-11:50 Jonathan Klinger - The war on Terrorism
11:50-12:00 Golan Shlomi - Money Services Businesses
12:00-12:10 Eran Ben-Dor - Digital currencies as a public offer
12:10-12:20 Amit Harel - Blockchain - the most meaningful technology since the internet ?
12:20-12:30 Shmuilik Hirschfield - Bitcoin taxes
12:30-12:45 Regulation Q & A
12:45-14:15 Lunch
14:15-14:25 Sharon Greenberg - Cryptonext : White Label Exchanges
14:25-14:35 Nadav Ivgi - Governance in decentralized currencies
14:35-14:50 Jihan Wu - The Bitcoin Scene in China
14:50-15:00 Liron Rose - Accelerating Blockchain companies
15:00-15:15 Jonathan Rouach - The ethics of Bitcoin
15:15-15:25 Guy Corem - Bitcoin Mining
15:25-15:40 Ohad Asor - Meaningul Contracts in Universal Language
15:40-15:50 Mark Smargon - Colu : Your assets , made digital
15:50-16:10 Break
16:10-16:20 Alon Muroch - PayKey : The Key To The Social Wallet
16:20-16:30 Maya Zehavi - Blockchain - Getting Real
16:30-16:40 Dor Konforty - Synereo : A decentralized protocol that scales
16:40-16:55 Ayal Segev - Bitcoin as a state of mind
16:55-17:05 Gadi Ruschin - Wave : Digitizing international trade
17:05-17:15 Haddar Macdasi - Micropayment channels
17:15-17:25 Meni Rosenfeld - How I learned to stop worrying and love the fork
17:25-17:30 Closing words
Our sponsors :
99Bitcoins ( https : //99bitcoins.com/ )
Colu ( http : //colu.co/ )
CryptoNext ( https : //www.cryptonext.net/ )
GetGems ( http : //getgems.org/ )
Cluster ( http : //clusterhub.org/ )
Backfeed ( http : //backfeed.cc/ )
ZAG S & W ( http : //www.zag-sw.com/ )
Bits of Gold ( https : //www.bitsofgold.co.il/ )
Bit2c ( https : //www.bit2c.co.il/ )
Colin Macgadie is creative director at BDG Architecture + Design , which he joined in 2012 . He studied interior design at the University for the Creative Arts and has to date enjoyed a 12-year career in workplace design and strategy , he tells Pamela Buxton
by Colin Macgadie
1 . THERE IS RARELY SUCH A THING AS A NEW IDEA IN OFFICE DESIGN .
I do n't think the design of the workplace has really changed that much . Look at Foster 's Willis Faber offices in the Seventies , a really sociable environment with its own swimming pool , roof terrace , and choice of open-plan or cellular offices . Nowadays we talk about technology being the reason for mobile working but really , when the computer arrived it held that back , and it 's only now that this is accelerating again with mobile technology , which in turn is recreating the type of office environments that originated 40 years ago .
2 . CLIENTS ARE MORE EDUCATED ABOUT DESIGN NOWADAYS .
And I like that . We 're not having to spend time explaining the benefits of design - they know about that already . So instead of spending time explaining to them about how you can add value , you can spend that time actually adding that value . But you still need to be on top of your game and know more , adding value through experience .
3 . HONESTY AND TRANSPARENCY IS KEY .
There 's no room for bullshit . I believe in close collaboration with clients . Get them involved as much as possible , even it means inviting the CEO to a meeting about snagging - they 'll see things that the designer does n't .
Colin 's sketches for offices for interactive marketing agency Possible in central London
4 . YOU NEED A BALANCE OF SCIENCE AND ART .
Evidence and data are important but not more than design - they have to be equal partners and you need both . Put the emotional side of design to one side and gather evidence to back up your ideas . Once you have a rationale that the business people can understand and support then you can concentrate on developing the design .
5 . THERE 'S A LOT OF MANAGEMENT FEAR .
There 's fear about managing change in the workplace , and clients often look to us to help them manage that in the design . Clients can get lost worrying about what they perceive is a large degree of change while , in effect , most staff members wo n't mind that much about where they work , and the change can happen naturally . We can help clients set up a space that supports agile working , but really it 's the management that has to change . Never dictate where people will want to spend time .
Colin 's sketches for offices for interactive marketing agency Possible in central London
6 . DESIGN DOES IMPACT POSITIVELY ON BUSINESS EFFECTIVENESS - ALTHOUGH IT 'S HARD TO MEASURE .
We do post-occupancy surveys measuring things like face-to-face communication and how long people spend talking to colleagues or working productively at their desk . We might find there are more people working at their desk and fewer people disturbing them and you might think it 's a great result - but who knows if they 're actually on Facebook ! You can never measure directly the quality of work , but the business will know internally how to use the data and will be able to see trends for staff retention and staff satisfaction .
7 . EVERY PROJECT IS EQUALLY IMPORTANT REGARDLESS OF SIZE AND BUDGET .
You have to spend the time you need to get it right .
8 . DESIGNERS AND CLIENTS ARE TOO WORRIED ABOUT FAILING .
Do n't be afraid to move out of your comfort zone to try out new ideas rather than always specifying the same thing or designing the same detail . You 'll never know if you do n't try !
Offices for digital marketing agency VML in Mornington Crescent , London
9 . DRAWING BY HAND HAS BECOME MORE VALUABLE .
It 's a real insight into people 's design skills . When recruiting , I 'm always looking for something other than just computer drawings in the portfolio to help me differentiate . When candidates apply with hand drawing skills as well , those are very often the ones I want . I draw by hand all the time ( see Macgadie 's sketches on the previous page ) . Sometimes that quick ink sketch that 's really messy can be the most powerful .
10 . NEVER ASSUME .
I met Paul Smith a long time ago and he gave me that advice . I continue to refer to it and always make sure I check , not assume .
PrimeFaces 3.3.RC1 Released
Prime Teknoloji is glad to announce the release candidate of the PrimeFaces 3.3 . This release brings over 100 improvements , Ajax Framework features such as PFS ( PrimeFaces Selectors ) and partialSubmit , internal enhancements , new components , major maintenance and much more . Full changelog is available at PrimeFaces issue tracker .
Highlights
Maintenance
We 've done a lot of internal improvements and refactoring for 3.3 . Overall quality has been significantly improved with various bug fixes and refactoring . It is advised to upgrade to 3.3 considering the list of defect fixes .
Backward Compatibility
Scrollable datatable now requires the column width to be defined via width attribute of column instead of style attribute .
tiered and sliding type menus have their own components , name tieredMenu and slideMenu .
readOnlyInpuText attribute of calendar is renamed to readOnlyInput .
Menu component 's position attribute is renamed to overlay as a boolean .
Download
Please visit PrimeFaces Downloads page to try out the new release .
Roadmap
Release Candidate will be available for one week and on 28th PrimeFaces 3.3 . Final will be available along with the updated User 's Guide .
WRESTLING with my newspaper on the subway recently , I noticed the woman next to me reading a book on her smartphone . “ That has to hurt your eyes , ” I commented . Not missing a beat , she replied , in true New York style , “ My font is bigger than yours. ” She was right .
The information revolution raises profound questions about the future of books , reading and libraries . While publishers have been nimble about marketing e-books to consumers , until very recently they 've been mostly unwilling to sell e-books to libraries to lend , fearful that doing so would hurt their business , which is under considerable pressure .
Negotiations between the nation 's libraries and the Big Six publishers — Hachette , HarperCollins , Macmillan , Penguin Group , Random House and Simon & Schuster , which publish roughly two-thirds of the books in America — have gone in fits and starts . Today Hachette , which had been a holdout , is joining the others in announcing that it will make e-books available to public libraries . This is a big step , as it represents , for the first time , a consensus among the Big Six , at least in principle , that their e-books should be made available to library users .
E-book readership is rising much faster than readership of print books ; digital books could soon be the most popular book format . Readership of our e-books soared 168 percent from 2011 to 2012 ; print circulation , while much larger , remained constant .
CHICAGO ( CBS ) — A 33-year-old man has been charged with tackling a man at Lollapalooza , and biting the victim and another man , before running off like nothing had happened .
Ben Lenet , 29 , was watching the Arctic Monkeys on stage with two friends on the first night of the festival , when a man in the crowd attacked one of his friends . Lenet said he tried to pull the man off , and that 's when the man bit him hard , drawing blood .
“ And fully locked his jaw into my left forearm , ” he said .
Lenet said he and his friends started hitting the man to get him off , but when he finally let go , he tried to bite the first man he attacked , and one of Lenet 's friends kicked the man in the face .
The man got up and walked away as if nothing had happened .
On Thursday , Sergio Vicenteno appeared in court on aggravated battery charges . Prosecutors said he approached one man from the back , placed him in a chokehold , and tossed him to the ground . When the victim 's friends tried to help , Vicenteno allegedly a bit one of them on the arm , then bit the first victim on the shin .
A judge set Vicenteno 's bail at $ 600,000 .
Lenet said , as a precaution , he was given HIV cocktail drugs , and has to come back for HIV testing 30 days after his first treatment ; and again in four months .
“ Anytime anyone says to you ; when you talk about your exposure to AIDS or hepatitis , it 's scary . I 'm a smart guy and I recognize the risk here is low . I 'm probably fine , ” he said . “ In four months this will probably be a pretty crazy story to share with friends over a beer , but it is very present on my mind right now . ”
Lenet said the attack put him off going back to Lollapalooza for for the last two days of the festival , and he said he 's “ done with Lolla for a while . ”
“ In describing it to the police later , they said ‘ We never see cases like that where the attacker is n't on PCP , or bath salts , or something like that , ' ” Lenet said . “ There 's no way a normal person could have sustained that much punishment , and just walked away . ”
( TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS Radio and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . The Sun-Times Media Wire contributed to this report . )
New Delhi : In an unusual trend , malaria cases in Delhi touched 177 this year . This is more than the number of cases of the mosquito-borne disease reported in the recent past . In 2016 and 2015 , for example , Delhi reported only 90 and 60 malaria cases respectively as on July 8.While dengue and chikungunya viruses are spread by Aedes aegypti mosquito that breeds in fresh water , malaria is spread by the anopheles mosquito that can breed in dirty water . Epidemiologists say high incidence of malaria is reflective of poor sanitation levels. “ North corporation has recorded maximum 29 malaria cases , followed by south ( 15 ) and east ( 8 ) . The rest of the cases have been reported from other civic agencies and neighbouring states , ” said an official.The incidence of chikungunya , which took to epidemic proportions last year , and dengue is lower compared to malaria this year , the official added.As on July 8 , corporations said they have received reports of 161 chikungunya and 109 dengue cases from different hospitals . Doctors said continuous rains may cause further spurt in cases of mosquito-borne diseases in the coming months and there is need for focussed action and awareness initiatives to prevent an outbreak.According to the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , India accounts for 75 % of all malaria cases in Southeast Asia . Symptoms of malaria include fever , headache , chills and vomiting , and usually appear 10 to 15 days after the mosquito bite . “ If untreated for more than 24 hours , malaria can lead to severe illness , and even result in death . In many parts of the world , the parasites have developed resistance to a number of malaria medicines , ” the WHO said.On Wednesday , the Union health ministry launched its plan for elimination of malaria by 2022 . Health minister J P Nadda said strategies involve strengthening malaria surveillance , establishing a mechanism for early detection and prevention of outbreaks , promoting the prevention of malaria by use of Long Lasting Impregnated Nets ( LLINs ) , effective indoor residual spray and augmenting manpower and capacities for effective implementation for the next five years. “ Inter-sectoral coordination is the key , we have to work together with the other ministries and municipal corporations to achieve the desired results , ” the minister said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Backs Down From Hypothetical Debate With Sanders 2:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Donald Trump says that he wo n't debate Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders after all .
'Based on the fact that the Democratic nominating process is totally rigged and Crooked Hillary Clinton and Deborah Wasserman Schultz will not allow Bernie Sanders to win , and now that I am the presumptive Republican nominee , it seems inappropriate that I would debate the second place finisher , '' he said in a statement .
Trump , who had said that he would participate in a debate only if it raised more than $ 10 million for a women 's health charity , also complained that networks offering to host the event were `` not proving to be too generous to charitable causes . ''
Trump 's statement was released minutes after Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said that the Vermont senator was `` prepared to accept '' a proposal from one of two networks to host the unorthodox debate between Trump and Sanders , who badly trails Hillary Clinton in the delegate count .
Weaver suggested in his statement that both network offers included `` a major contribution to charity . ''
Sanders said Friday he hopes the debate happens .
`` In recent days , Donald Trump has said he wants to debate , he does n't want to debate , he wants to debate and , now , he does n't want to debate , '' Sanders said in a statement . `` Given that there are several television networks prepared to carry this debate and donate funds to charity , I hope that he changes his mind once again and comes on board . ''
Both candidates had embraced the idea of a debate earlier in the week , suggesting that it should be held in a stadium and making little secret of their hopes for record-smashing ratings for the event .
For her part , Clinton derided the idea as a `` joke '' and said her focus would be on debating Trump in the fall .
Trump is now singing a similar tune , saying `` as much as I want to debate Bernie Sanders - and it would be an easy payday — I will wait to debate the first place finisher in the Democratic Party , probably Crooked Hillary Clinton , or whoever it may be . ''
Quick Note : We 're going to be bringing you all kinds of “ Survivor ” fun this season including episode recaps , exit interviews , and Power Rankings with Josh Canfield and Reed Kelly . Be sure to follow me on Twitter ( @ gordonholmes ) for up-to-the-minute news and info .
[ xfinity-record-button id= ” 7116600190773202112″ program_type= ” series ” ]
The Rules : Each week our three combatants will create separate power rankings . The ranking of the person who is voted out of the next episode will determine the number of points the three players will earn . At the end of the season , the person with the most points will be named the “ Survivor : Worlds Apart ” Power Rankings Challenge Champion .
Last Week : Josh had Jenn in spot seven , Reed had her in spot nine , and Gordon had her in spot eight . So , the current score is Team Josh 75 , Team Reed 81 , Team Gordon 81 .
This Week : Josh and Reed 's rankings were n't received in time , and Gordon will be away on personal business on Wednesday . So , Gordon is going solo this week . No points will be awarded .
Watch Full Episodes of “ Survivor : Worlds Apart ”
Gordon 's Score = 81 Any questions for Gordon ? Drop him a line on Twitter : @ gordonholmes 1 . Sierra : Sierra is stealing things and hiding them under the Ladies Couch ? ! Why are n't we seeing this , CBS editors ? ! Also , why are n't we seeing more of this Ladies Couch ? ! I feel our needs are n't being served . 2 . Carolyn : Think you 're gon na catch Mama C with an idol in her pocket ? No , baby . 3 . Will : I was playing “ Mortal Kombat X ” online the other day , and the 13-year-old I was whooping up on unleashed a racist/homophobic rant unlike anything I 'd ever heard before . Who knew Johnny Cage was capable of such hatred ? The good thing is I never have to hear from that punk again . I do n't have to live with him on a scorching island for at least three more days . Anywho , Will is a dream final-three partner . There 's no way he can win this thing . 4 . Mike : Depending on how the rest of the season plays out , Mike 's little letter stratagem might just rank up there with Erik giving up his necklace or James being sent home with two idols . However , he still has an idol in his possession and a six-person alliance ca n't last forever .
5 . Tyler : Let 's not forget the role Tyler played in Will 's meltdown last week . We saw that he was the one who told Will that Mike and Co. were doubting his story about the snacks . Now he 's digging in Dan 's bag to learn the truth about his advantage . This ( expletive deleted ) -stirring strategy is certainly keeping the heat off of him .
6 . Rodney : So , I went back and looked at my preseason rankings , which were terrible as usual . But , one thing caught my eye , “ I think the biggest misconception people have gotten from the pregame interviews is that Rodney is a jerk . I did n't get that impression at all . He strikes me as more of a lovable Eddie Fox-type. ” And for once , I was n't wrong . If he can get to the end , he could have enough votes to win it .
7 . Dan : Rob Cesternino made a great point that big moves should happen during odd-numbered votes . That way , the vote takes the smallest majority possible . What Dan 's little advantage does is turn every vote into a potential odd-numbered vote . Good for Dan . Bad for Dan ? Tyler and Carolyn know how dangerous he is .
8 . Shirin : Was costing Will his letter from home good gameplay ? Probably not . Was it hilarious ? Totally . Now , she 's got to make Sierra and Dan see that they 're on the bottom of a six-person alliance .
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast .
I was glad to see that the Congressional Baseball Game went on as planned last night . They did n't let some left-wing lunatic ruin it by trying to kill GOP congressmen for disagreeing with him . It was a show of unity . It was a beautiful display of the things that bring us together , no matter what sets us apart from each other . It was American AF .
So of course , Democrats had to try to ruin it .
Stephen Dinan , Washington Times :
Dozens of congressional staffers erupted into boos , jeers and even vulgar gesticulations Thursday when President Trump appeared in a video at the Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park…
One man shouted an expletive at the video screen as Mr. Trump was telling the fans : “ We are showing the world we will not be intimidated by threats . ”
This while Rep. Steve Scalise is still fighting for his life , after being cut down by a leftist maniac 's bullet while practicing for the game . These children could n't even put aside their blind hatred for a few minutes and show some respect .
But it 's okay , because they hate the people they 're supposed to hate . Everything is permissible when you 're the good guys . Congratulations .
On a brighter note , the first pitch was thrown out by Capitol Police officer and American hero David Bailey :
JUST IN : Roaring ovation as David Bailey , officer wounded in shooting attack , throws out 1st pitch at Congressional Baseball Game . pic.twitter.com/onj4SRgqdC — NBC Nightly News ( @ NBCNightlyNews ) June 15 , 2017
Well , it 's tough to wind up for the pitch after some Bernie Bro shoots you for doing your job .
Bailey should never pay for another beer in his life . God bless him .
At first glance , most people will argue that the Patriots ‘ won ' the Martellus Bennett trade . Sure , Bennett adds another supremely talented tight end to the roster , giving quarterback Tom Brady the kind of mismatch that he has so masterfully taken advantage of throughout his career .
But if you dig a little deeper , you 'll see why the Bears actually end up the winner in the long run .
A cleansing of the locker room
Second-year general manager Ryan Pace has proven — quickly — that he 's not afraid to trade players who are problems in the locker room . Last year , he sent wide receiver Brandon Marshall packing for a fifth round pick to the New York Jets ; the deal ended up working out for the Jets , as Marshall posted the best year of his career . That said , the Bears used the pick to draft safety Adrian Amos who now looks like a long-term answer in the secondary .
It was no secret that the John Fox-led regime butted heads with Bennett . While it was n't quite as overt or public as some of the Marshall outbursts , reports still circulated about Bennett 's poor attitude and overall failure to buy-in .
Regardless of how brilliant a general manager or head coach is , players who infect a locker room can undermine and destroy the strongest of rebuilding plans . Pace understands this , and he 's acted quickly to rid the roster of the kind of guy who is capable of doing irreparable harm .
Related Bears receive fourth round pick from Patriots in Martellus Bennett trade
Bennett is n't a bad guy . No-one would say he is . But he 's quirky , different , and hard to please . The Bears offense is in a transition year , with second-year receiver Kevin White and running back Jeremy Langford expected to become focal points of the program . The franchise simply could n't risk those young players being influenced by an unhappy , aging vet .
Draft picks build championship rosters
Free agency is a fun and exciting time for fans , but the reality of building a championship team that is capable of sustaining long-term success is that it 's done through the draft . Sure , some teams ( like , say , the Broncos ) have had success in purchasing talent , but the NFL 's consistently great teams like the Patriots , Seahawks and Packers have primarily built their squads through sound and successful scouting and drafting .
A fourth round pick is n't going to change a franchise by itself . But adding top-150 players year in and year out will , if done right , build a strong core of key contributors that are needed for any legitimate chance at a Super Bowl run .
The Bears hit on two of their day-three picks last year in Langford and Amos . Assuming both players make their expected strides in year two , the team will have long-term , key contributors on both sides of the ball for at least the next four years . You simply can not overstate how critically important that is .
The Bears acquired the 127th pick of the 2016 NFL Draft in the Bennett deal ; it 's a pick that , if properly made , will result in a contributing rookie in year one . Players like Illinois ' Jihad Ward , Notre Dame 's Sheldon Day , and Wisconsin 's Joe Schobert are all currently ranked as prospects that will fall within that range on draft day ; any one of them would be welcomed by the Bears with open arms .
The Bears have nine draft picks in this year 's draft , the same number they had before the trade was made . But the trade has resulted in one of those picks being 77 slots and two rounds higher , a difference that takes the pick from a fringe-roster guy to a potentially key role player .
More money to spend , more appealing picks to trade
By dealing Martellus Bennett , the Bears have freed up just over $ 5 million from their 2016 salary cap . Whether they roll that into another signing or two is yet to be seen , but it 's a significant part of the trade . Bennett was likely to ask for a pay raise had the trade not been made , something the Bears would not have been willing to do .
The extra cap flexibility allows the club to address depth by adding a collection of established veterans on one-year deals , much like they did last year with Jarvis Jenkins and Tracy Porter .
In addition to the cap savings , the Bears now have the extra fourth round pick to package in a trade if they feel like there 's a must-have prospect who is potentially out of their reach . Teams are much more willing to listen to trade offers that include the early day-three picks than they are for the fringe roster guys ( sixth , seventh rounders ) .
Bottom line
The immediate returns from the Bears and Patriots trade will tip the scales toward New England , but the long-term impact that a deal like this will have on the Bears gives the nod to Chicago from a team-building standpoint .
The Patriots are used to winning . They 've been the best winners in the NFL for the last decade . Bennett 's presence wo n't change that ; the Patriots would 've won in 2016 without him . But the Bears ' decision to move him for a quality team-building asset is a clear sign that Ryan Pace knows what it takes to develop a winner .
‘ The Dancing Boys of Afghanistan '' on PBS sounds like a heartwarming documentary , but unfortunately the lives of these juvenile entertainers is anything but . The “ Frontline '' investigation illuminates one more dark corner of that tragic country 's soul .
Afghan journalist Najibullah Quraishi infiltrates the subculture of “ bacha bazi '' — literally , “ boy play '' — in which poor or orphaned Afghan boys become the possessions of powerful men . They dress as women and dance to entertain at all-male parties ; later they are used sexually by their masters and other men .
It 's “ sexual slavery , '' in the words of a United Nations official , a tradition so odious that the Taliban banned it . It 's also illegal . But in one of the ironies that seem so common in that country , it has made a comeback under the more Western-friendly government now in place .
Quraishi , who also reported for “ Frontline '' on “ Behind Taliban Lines , '' is courageous and crafty . He once fled Afghanistan in fear for his life after reporting on massacres during fighting against the Taliban . Now he somehow convinces several powerful men in the city of Takhar that he is making a sympathetic film comparing Afghan and European bacha bazi practices . They allow him to film bacha bazi parties and interview the adolescent boys they “ own . ''
Chief among these villains are a former mujahedeen commander-turned-car dealer named Dastager , whose leering admiration of the dancing boys is impossible to mistake for anything wholesome , and a scarily quiet , dead-eyed musician who trains the boys . That the musician is named Rafi is another brutal irony , although he spells his name differently than the popular US children 's musician .
Eventually the men become suspicious of Quraishi 's motives and he leaves Afghanistan again . Still , with the help of other Afghans , he tries to free Dastager 's latest acquisition , an 11-year-old boy from a poor village family . That effort adds some suspense to the last third of “ The Dancing Boys of Afghanistan , '' but a happy ending for little Shafiq wo n't change the power structure that protects the bacha bazi culture .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City are set to win the race for £20million-rated Brazilian ace Roberto Firmino .
Deposed champions City are increasingly confident of beating their Premier League rivals to land the highly-rated Hoffenheim playmaker .
Manchester United and Arsenal have also had Firmino watched this season , while Liverpool and Chelsea were also keen before he signed a new contract a year ago .
That deal tied Firmino , now 23 , to Hoffenheim until 2017 , but the Germans are ready to cash in on him at the end of this season .
City have stolen a march on their rivals for his signature after holding talks with Firmino 's club and agents .
And , with the Mancunian Blues planning a major overhaul of what is - on average - one of the top flight 's oldest squads , Firmino is understood to be keen to become a part of their new-look team .
Firmino 's reputation has been on the rise in the last couple of seasons and he has forced his way into the Brazil squad during this campaign .
With a ratio of a goal roughly every three games for Hoffenheim , City have identified Firmino as a player who could help ease the burden on star striker Sergio Aguero .
Iraqi special forces on Saturday were clearing buildings in neighborhoods they entered in eastern Mosul a day earlier , after pushing out Islamic State militants in their drive to take back the city .
Fighting continued in the morning , with both sides firing mortars and automatic weapons on each other 's positions , while the Iraqi troops also responded with artillery . Clashes were most intense in the al-Bakr neighborhood . Sniper duels played out from rooftops in the mostly residential areas , where the majority of buildings are two stories high .
The special forces launched a two-pronged assault deeper into Mosul 's urban center on Friday , unleashing the most intense street battles against IS militants since the offensive to retake the city began nearly three weeks ago . At least seven special forces troops have been killed in the fighting .
More than 3,000 Iraqi troops took part in the assault under heavy U.S.-led coalition air support , but the pace of the fight also slowed as Iraqi forces moved from fighting in more rural areas with few civilians to the tight , narrow streets of Mosul proper . At least seven suicide attackers in explosives-laden vehicles attacked troops on Friday , five of whom were killed before nearing their targets .
S. Carolina Pediatrician Stops Taking Unvaccinated Patients
A South Carolina pediatrics office is turning away unvaccinated patients , citing the health and safety of other immunocompromised children who are in danger of catching contagious diseases in the waiting room . Parents say their choices for their unvaccinated children are shrinking . ( Published Tuesday , Feb. 26 , 2019 )
The operation to retake Mosul is expected to take weeks if not months . Moving from neighborhood to neighborhood in house-to-house battles through dense warrens of booby-trapped buildings is time consuming and Iraq 's military has repeatedly opted for slower operations in an effort to minimize casualties .
Some 1 million civilians still remain in the city , complicating the advance . IS militants have driven thousands of residents deeper into the city 's built-up areas to be used as human shields , while hundreds of others have fled toward government-controlled territory and thousands have headed west into Syria .
Mosul is the last major IS stronghold in Iraq , and expelling the militant group from the city would be a major blow to the survival of its self-styled `` caliphate '' that stretches into Syria .
Iraqi forces have made uneven progress in closing in on the city since the operation began on Oct. 17 . Advances have been slower from the south , with government troops still some 20 miles ( 35 kilometers ) away . Kurdish fighters and Iraqi army units are deployed to the north , while government-sanctioned Shiite militias are sweeping in from the west to try to cut off any IS escape route .
Copyright Associated Press
The Xbox One will need to be connected to the internet every 24 hours when playing games on your home console , or every hour when accessing your digital library from a different console , Microsoft announced today .
On an explanatory page posted on Xbox Wire , the system 's heretofore confusing online requirements were cleared up . Each game you own is digitally installed to your account using cloud services . Every 24 hours , an online check is required to ensure that you still own the license for the copy of the game you 're playing . You can also access your account and its associated games on a friend 's console , but online checks are performed every hour when attempting to play remotely in this manner . The policy lines up with what Polygon heard from our sources shortly after the console 's reveal .
`` Offline gaming is not possible after these prescribed times until you re-establish a connection , but you can still watch live TV and enjoy Blu-ray and DVD movies , '' the Xbox Wire post explains .
The post recommends that console owners will have the best experience with broadband connections of above 1.5 Mbps , stating that the global average speed is 2.9 Mbps . Xbox One owners without access to ethernet connections can also connect using mobile broadband . It also adds that `` games that are designed to take advantage of the cloud may require a connection . ''
The Xbox One was unveiled last month in an event held by Microsoft on its Redmond Campus . During the event , Microsoft 's Don Mattrick stated the console would not have an always-on requirement for single-player games . A connection would be necessary for multiplayer and streaming content .
`` Gamers can calm down , we got you covered , '' Mattrick said .
Later that evening , Microsoft 's Phil Harrison said the Xbox One would function without an online connection , but would need to connect to the internet at least once every 24 hours . That same evening , Microsoft labeled reports of the console 's internet check-in period as `` potential scenarios . ''
`` There have been reports of a specific time period - those were discussions of potential scenarios , but we have not confirmed any details today , nor will we be , '' a representative for Microsoft said at the time .
We 've reached out to Microsoft to find out if any exceptions to this policy will be offered to people who do n't have access to any kind of internet connection , such as active military personnel , as our sources have indicated .
Update : When asked if there would be any exceptions for active military personnel , a Microsoft spokesperson said : `` The blog posts on Xbox Wire detail everything we can share today . We look forward to sharing more details in the months ahead . ''
When Death Cab for Cutie guitarist/producer Chris Walla woke up on Monday , his `` To Do '' list probably read something like this :
1 . Call MTV News to discuss upcoming , long-delayed solo record .
2 . Call U.S. Department of Homeland Security to discuss seizure of hard drive containing said long-delayed solo record .
3 . Head into town for weekly tuque fitting .
Yes , it seems that recently , Walla 's solo record ( which has been scheduled to come out at various points over the past , well , four years ) took another step toward oblivion when the master hard drive — containing all song files — was confiscated by Homeland Security at the Canadian border , for reasons not abundantly clear , and sent to the department 's computer-forensics division for further inspection .
If it sounds like a huge joke , Walla ensures you it is n't .
`` It 's a true story . Barsuk [ Records , which is putting out the record ] had hired a courier — who does international stuff all the time and who they had used before — to bring [ the album ] back from Canada , where I was working on it . And he got to the border and he had all his paperwork and it was all cool , only they turned him away , and they confiscated the drive and gave it to the computer-forensics division of our Homeland Security-type people , '' sighed Walla , who has produced nearly all Death Cab 's output , as well as records by the Decemberists , Hot Hot Heat , Nada Surf , Tegan and Sara and others . `` And now I could n't even venture a guess as to where it is , or what it 's doing there . I mean , I ca n't just call their customer-service center and ask about my drive . There 's nothing I can do . I do n't know if we can hire an attorney ... is there a black-hole attorney ? You ca n't take a black hole to court . ''
And though his song files might have disappeared into a web of government bureaucracy , Walla does still have the tapes containing all his songs , which he 's now trying to master and mix on his own in order to have the record out — Lord willin ' — in January .
`` Luckily , the tapes are Plan B , so while I 'm bummed about the whole thing , it could be a whole lot worse , '' he laughed . `` I still get to play music . I mean , I 'm not at Guantánamo or anything like that . I mean , my drive might be . They could be water-boarding my drive for all I know . ''
And though Walla 's laughing when he mentions Guantánamo , he 's not joking when he adds that his record — which he 's calling Field Manual — is `` very political , '' packed with songs about issues both foreign ( `` The Score '' tackles the war in Iraq ) and domestic ( `` Everyone Needs a Home '' deals with the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina ; `` Sing Again '' is about so-called `` morning after '' pills and whether they 're a form of contraception or abortion ) . Easy listening , this is not .
`` I 'm calling it Field Manual because myself and the guy who designed the packaging were looking through all these Army field guides from World War II . And there was one that he found that was really terrifying , actually , '' Walla explained . `` It was basically a manual issued by the Army in the late '30s , early '40s , about how to build what we now call an [ improvised explosive device ] in Iraq or Afghanistan . Like how to hide a bomb in a bed or in a tube of toothpaste . Just terrible stuff , and I started having this feeling of , like , 'Well , we need a new field manual . '
`` And while it really is a political record , it 's also intensely personal , and it 's not like , political in a way where I hope to change anyone 's mind , because I 've been doing my political-rock homework for a few years now , trying to decode what works and what does n't , '' he continued . `` Basically , it was my hope that I would be able to write a bunch of songs about the sh -- that I think about pretty much every day . But there are n't any character assassinations or indictments on the record . It 's tricky to write a political record . It was tough to get to a place where I felt comfortable with the words coming out of my mouth . ''
And getting to that place has taken awhile . Walla said that though he 's been writing songs for years , it took him a long time to figure out just what he was trying to say . As it turns out , he had plenty to say , and Field Manual is the sound of him coming to that realization ( he credits the directness of Ted Leo , Against Me ! and the Thermals ' Hutch Harris as `` touchstones '' for that discovery ) . And while he hustles to finish the record — and continue work on Death Cab for Cutie 's new record , which he said is `` coming along super heavy ... we 've got six songs done . They 're really bloody '' — he 's finally prepared to stand on his own , come hell or high water . Or looming , shadow-like government organizations .
`` This is a solo record , which is a little bit scary , because there 's a feeling of 'Oh , you 're officially making a statement , ' and you 're either the fist-waving left or the flag-waving right , and there 's no in between , '' he laughed . `` But I made this record because it felt irresponsible for me to have a platform for what I 'm thinking and not use it . And not just to do political songs . If all I wanted to do was cover Air Supply songs , I could 've done that too . ''
He begins with the numbers the players wear on their backs…
Shirt numbers have been the subject of several questions I have received , including one from Brendon Cammell from Johannesburg asking which number has made the most appearances for Chelsea ( he suggests no . 1 ) . He also asks for a list of the top few numbers which have made the most appearances .
For answers to these it makes sense to count from the 1993/94 season , the first one when a fixed squad number was allocated to each player in the Premier League . Before that we started with 1 to 11 in each game .
In the 22 Premier League campaigns since 93/94 , the no.1 shirt was n't used in 2003/04 when our goalkeepers were Carlo Cudicini with shirt 23 , Marco Ambrosio with 31 , Neil Sullivan with 34 and Jurgen Macho with 35 ( although he never played ) .
So there are only 21 seasons of service for 1 whereas there are eight numbers that have been allocated every season throughout the 22 years of the Premier League . They are 3 , 7 , 8 , 11 , 19 , 23 , 24 and 26 .
Another shirt number question comes from Sageidyjunior who wants to know which Chelsea players have previously worn the no . 4 shirt .
It is Cesc Fabregas now of course but going back to the start of the squad number era , in order our 4s have been David Lee , Jakob Kjeldbjerg , Ruud Gullit , Steve Clarke , Jes Hogh , Claude Makelele and David Luiz .
The third answer on shirt numbers is prompted by a question from Julius Macharia from Nairobi . He asks for the highest squad number given to a Chelsea player . That is 64 which was allocated to Milan Lalkovic in 2010/11 , although the young Slovakian forward did n't make his debut . He is now at Barnsley .
Julius also asks which numbers in the normal range have never been worn . All have been used by our players up to the mid 30s .
Senate chiefs of staff this week are soliciting K Street for their annual spring fundraiser for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . Only problem is : Some of the chiefs are n't making the ask themselves — a move that has discouraged many lobbyists from giving .
Several lobbyists questioned , privately , whether the event — similar to ones hosted by other chiefs of staff from both parties and chambers — would be a successful moneymaker since professional fundraisers have been making the pitch for cash .
“ For the first time , they have the fundraiser do the calls and emails . As a donor , I find it offensive , ” said one Democratic lobbyist . “ None of us who are donors have any reason to respond to a contract fundraiser . ”
The whole point behind the event is to get lobbyists to give to the DSCC at the request of their top staff-level contacts . The event , scheduled for April 13 at the Mott House , allows K Streeters a chance for face-time with the chiefs , and sometimes the Senators themselves .
A second Democratic lobbyist said the event was losing some of its buzz downtown .
“ I think when the chiefs of staff call and ask you to participate , I do n't have a problem saying , ‘ Yes , I 'd be happy to help , ' ” this lobbyist said . “ I will be shocked if anyone responds in a positive way in these notices from fundraisers . ”
The lobbyist conceded , “ Sure , chiefs of staff do n't like raising money just like their bosses do n't ” but said that does n't mean lobbyists will respond by opening their pocketbooks .
In one email , fundraiser Tonya Fulkerson urged lobbyists to “ help Chris Thompson ” who is chief of staff to Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( Calif. ) . “ His goal is to raise $ 10,000 for the DSCC in individual contributions , ” the email states . “ If you can give any amount for Chris 's efforts he 'd be greatly appreciative . ”
Another email from Fulkerson seeks contributions on behalf of Mike Lynch , chief of staff to Sen. Charles Schumer ( N.Y. ) . “ The DSCC 's ‘ Friends of the Hill ' event with Chiefs of Staff is on April 13 and Mike Lynch ( Senator Schumer 's CoS ) has asked that I twist a few arms on his behalf , ” she wrote .
A press official with the DSCC did not return a call seeking comment , nor did press aides for Feinstein and Schumer .
A third Democratic lobbyist said that perhaps some of the chiefs were turning to professional fundraisers to avoid ethics issues , but according to experts , the chiefs are permitted to ask for the funds so long as they use their own time , email accounts and phones .
“ I think the idea that the staff is involved in fundraising or certainly attending political events on their own time is inherent in the job , ” said Ken Gross , an attorney at Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom .
“ If somebody who is an important staffer asks for money , on their own time , it 's not much different than the candidate themselves dialing for dollars , ” Gross added .
Congressional aides face the same restrictions that Members do when fundraising , Gross said , which includes prohibitions against giving the appearance that donors receive special treatment or access , or linking contributions to official acts .
But attorney Elliot Berke , co-chairman of McGuireWood 's political law group , warned that staffers must be careful not to suggest the events give donors special access to an “ official staffer . ”
“ It 's certainly common practice for official staff to volunteer on campaigns , but if you 're holding yourself in your official capacity for a campaign event you need to be careful not to create the wrong impression , ” Berke said .
Jennifer Yachnin contributed to this report .
Another day , another half-assed full-length YouTube comment article telling everyone why Atlanta ca n't support the beautiful game . Or at least the American attempt at the Beautiful Game .
Last week Atlanta was awarded the 22nd MLS franchise , to begin play in 2017 . It was a joyous occasion for the city for multiple reasons . First is the obvious as fans of soccer in the city finally got the official announcement that Atlanta has been seemingly waiting a decade for with the best part being that local hero , Home Depot co-founder Arthur Blank would be heading the new franchise . Uncle Arthur is easily the favorite sports owner in the city considering the dumpster fire that is the Atlanta Spirit Group ( more on that in a second ) and the recent decision to move the Braves to Cobb County .
Second , the new straight from a sci-fi movie downtown Atlanta stadium gains another tenant . And that 's good news considering the city is paying $ 200 Million for the new digs which will have a total cost projected around $ 1.2 Billion . So with that much cash flying around , it is good news to have another major ( yes , major ) sports entity moving in for 17 regular season home games a year .
So yes , we in Atlanta were plenty happy for the announcement . Hey look , there I am !
And look – lots of other people who left work early ( or did n't have to work…I do n't judge ) ! !
Look at all the happy people ! ! ( well , we were actually all waiting for the damn screen to work at the moment…but trust me…happy ! ! ! ) . Meanwhile one person who I can guarantee was not on-site for the Atlanta announcement was Deadspin 's resident MLS hater Billy Haisley whom , judging solely by yesterday 's column attempt , has never stepped foot outside of the airport in Atlanta . Chalk another one up to southern sports stereotypes backed up by city assumptions that may or may not be true . ( Yea , probably not true )
As sports fans in the south , we understand the rest of the country likes to stick their noses into our business on what it means to be a good fan . We 're the punching bag for the stereotypical debate on being “ real ” fans and I knew ( as many others knew ) that the MLS announcement would quickly bring it all forward to closeout April 2014 . But sometimes you just read a piece and you want to reach through the screen and punch someone . So here we are because some of these “ assumptions ” need to be addressed if you are going to judge Atlanta , the bid for the MLS franchise , and our fans . Let 's use Billy 's column attempt as a guide…
The new team will play in the new Falcons stadium that should be finished in 2017 . That does n't seem like a good plan , since the whole idea of requiring soccer-specific stadiums grew out of the various problems early MLS teams experienced in outsized and ill-suited NFL venues .
Yes , the MLS does n't want to play on football fields because it looks terrible and completely ruins the credibility of the league when you see this on television . But this does n't have anything to do with Atlanta and all Billy had to do was look into just this announcement press conference to put this stadium issue to rest . First , the new Falcons stadium had soccer in its plans from day 1 – this is n't a football stadium that 10 years later they tried to retrofit to accommodate soccer . Just look at this beautiful thing :
What about this plan looks outsized and ill-suited for soccer ? The new stadium will be constructed with the technology to shift the seats and veil the upper bowls to create a more MLS specific venue . Pretty damn efficient . This configuration will accommodate under 30,000 fans which is still decently above the league attendance average ( around 18,000 ) but well below the league high in Seattle ( 40K+ ) . It 's a good sweet spot of big enough but with room to grow as the league does .
Second , Blank himself said this very clearly during the announcement , “ There will never be an MLS game in Atlanta where NFL lines are shown on the field. ” He gets it . So enough about the stadium .
As for the market , it cuts both ways . On the one hand , Atlanta is a big media market ; on the other , it 's not immediately clear that pro soccer works in that part of the country . The two previous southern MLS franchises , the Miami Fusion and Tampa Bay Mutiny , lasted only a couple seasons before getting contracted .
“ Not immediately clear ” yet I am just going to kill it anyway because Miami and Tampa did n't work out back in the late 90s before MLS was even much of a thing and only had 10 teams – because that 's totally comparable to now . ( Miami meanwhile did n't play anywhere near Miami but rather North Ft Lauderdale which is close to pretty much no one ) .
Anyway back to Atlanta , which currently has good , growing support for their NASL team , the Atlanta Silverbacks . The Silverbacks average around 4,500 which is healthy for the league and actually is 90 % of their 5,000 seat venues . Furthermore their growing fanbase is a passionate one – so much so the supporter group Atlanta Ultras was recently suspended for 3 matches for undisclosed behaviors . It 's like a step away from being in Serie A !
Atlanta is a big , diverse city , but it does n't have the Latino population MLS usually targets .
Not only did the Hispanic population in Georgia double between the 2000 and 2010 , but just last month the Georgia Dome hosted over 68,000 fans for a match between Mexico and Nigeria – the most fans for a soccer game in Atlanta history . “ Atlanta is a great city , ” Mexico coach Miguel Herrera said . “ The record was broken . The stadium was full . ”
This is a college sports territory that could n't sustain an NHL team and is n't exactly crazy for its local MLB and NBA teams even though they 're usually pretty good . It 's not obvious that Atlanta is pining for yet another pro team to ignore .
First of all , how come no mention of the Falcons ? Because they have been over the 95 % capacity mark pretty damn consistently since the Uncle Arthur has been the man in charge ( 2002 ) . I guess because they do well so Billy ca n't mention them when trying to change/omit facts when forming an opinion first .
Is n't crazy for the Braves ? Do n't be fooled by the oversized former Olympic Stadium as the Braves are consistently in the top half of the league in attendance despite the stadium being built in a bad area with bad transportation options . Which is why , as mentioned , they are moving to another part of the city .
As far as those other two teams , that brings us to the dumpster fire shitshow known as Atlanta Spirit Group . ASG currently owns the Hawks and they did own the Thrashers – not that they really cared as Jeff Schultz wrote for the AJC is 2011 : “ They 'll tell you they care . They do n't . They 're walking away with a fat check . While you mourn the loss of a franchise , they 're waving goodbye with one middle finger . The NHL is leaving a city that never really was given a chance . ”
Care to guess how many playoff games the Thrashers won in their history from 1999-2011 ? How about ZERO . They had one playoff appearance and got swept . That 's what Schultz means by a market that was never given a chance . ( And in case you were curious , the Atlanta Flames who also left for Canada – won a whopping two total playoff games in their “ storied ” history from 1972-1980 ) .
Meanwhile the Hawks have not won more than 1 playoff series in the same season since winning the NBA Championship in 1958 . Under ASG the best they can claim is the “ Joe Johnson Era. ” Combining that with how they treated the Thrashers , how can anyone blame anyone else who would n't want to give ASG a dime ? ? ?
Not that Billy knows anything about any of this .
The final criterion for a new franchise is the local fanbase . This one again does n't look too promising .
Based on what ? Your demographics statement based on nothing ? Southern stereotypes based on no knowledge of the city , its people , or what the appetite for soccer may be ?
In addition to the Silverbacks mentioned above , which had a sellout crowd on a rainy night just this past Saturday ( see ! …I was there ! ! ) —
—you should probably take note of a new supporters group known as Terminus Legion . Terminus Legion is a new everything-Atlanta-soccer group that has already signed up over 500 paying members . This is before the MLS team even has a name and is still 3 years away from kicking a single ball as a franchise . The group has ambitions to be the largest supporter group in the country , and while that might be a tad far reaching , it already shows the commitment the city 's fans have to making sure the MLS works here .
He then goes through a bunch of other “ assumptions ” and “ projections ” about the talent pool – because apparently the world 's most popular and participated sport does n't have enough players to support just a couple of more teams in the United States . Yea…sure . More assumptions by a guy who made up his opinion and will just throw everything at the wall to justify it .
Great owner , a stadium built for soccer , a market craving another team that is actually well run , a growing and paying fanbase….yea I 'd say Atlanta is pretty damn ready Billy . How about you visit someday ?
—
Brad Epstein is a marketing manager for an agency located in Atlanta . You can follow him @ BradMEpstein
Just last month Happion Labs launched Sixty Second Shooter Primes for the Xbox One through their ID @ Xbox program .
Now , I 'm one of the cheapest game developers I know . I 've been indie for almost nine years now and am still in the red , so I 've gotten to a point where I 'm loathe to spend another penny . Add to that I really had no idea how a game on the Xbox One would sell . So I was n't even willing to hire an artist for Sixty Second Shooter Primes ( which could very well have hurt sales a lot as my logo screens were made by , well , me ) so you can figure that when I approached the project I was doing it just about as frugally as possible .
So how cheap is cheap ?
You might think , since Microsoft is giving away their dev kits to early adopters of the ID @ Xbox program , as long as you have no offices and pay everyone with rev share you could ship a game for just about nothing . But that 's not quite the case : let 's look at how our costs broke down :
Maintaining the Sixty Second Shooter URL 19 Sending the second dev kit to
Brett Douville 63 Hardware ( usb and video
cables and the like ) 72 Video capture device ( for
making trailer ) 181 Localization ( French ,
Spanish , Italian , Portuguese ) 729 E & O Insurance 2037 Foreign ratings boards ( PEGI ,
USK ) 2042 Total 5143
So , about $ 5K . Not as cheap to make as a PC game - by a long shot .
What are those big expenses ?
First : Errors & Omissions Insurance . Microsoft requires this ; it 's in the contract . And it 's not just any E & O Insurance - it has to cover IP and copyright violations , so the cheap E & O Insurance you can easily find online does n't qualify . I went through an insurance broker ( Parker , Smith , and Feek ) and found the cheapest insurance that would qualify .
Second : Ratings boards . Again , Microsoft requires this - if you want to release in a given territory , you have to get your game rated by the official ratings boards of that territory . It 's sad but true , getting your game rated in some territories can be a lot more expensive than simply translating your game to that territory 's language ! I spent about $ 700 on localization , all told , and spent nearly $ 2000 on getting my game rated by PEGI and USK . ( I skipped Australia and New Zealand because they both wanted around $ 2K for their ratings boards ... maybe I 'll launch in those territories later if the game seems to be selling particularly well . )
Obviously , localization and other territories are optional - if you limit yourself to regions where you do n't have to pay ( which would mean skipping Europe ) - you could get the costs of your Xbox One game down to well under $ 3000 .
All that said , although those costs were somewhat daunting for a shoestring developer like myself , it was absolutely worth it . Although we have n't gotten our first sales report yet , there were at least ten thousand entries on the leaderboards last we checked , so we 've certainly covered our costs and made a living wage to boot - which is kind of rare in the indie game development world , in my experience - so I 'm really happy we jumped aboard the ID @ Xbox wagon .
Fifty years ago President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act of 1963 . Back then women were making 59 cents to every dollar a man was earning . Recent statistics show women- fifty years later- are still earning less at a rate of 77 cents to a man 's dollar .
In half a century women have only progressed a mere 18 cents ? This deplorable stat has even these princesses up in arms . That 's right , even the Little Mermaid has something to say about the wage disparity in America . Recently the two woman production company of Jenny Joslin and Annette Mia Flores , Texpats , created an ingenious and hilarious way to raise awareness about our nation 's wage gap in “ Disney Princesses For Equal Pay ” .
Set to the tune of “ Part of Your World ” from Disney 's “ The Little Mermaid ” Princess Ariel ( played by Joslin ) laments about living under the glass ceiling in her fish tank and croons some fantastic original lyrics like , “ What 's a penis ? And why does it , what 's the word , earn ? ”
As much as this video will have you smiling it also turns our attention to a very serious issue on how much work there still is to close the wage gap faced by women . “ Equality . Wish my paycheck would be…as much as a man's. ” Preach on Ariel .
What steps do you want to see taken for equal pay ? Let us know in the “ comments ” section below .
Featured image courtesy of Kris Krüg .
Whole-body vibration is a low-intensity form of exercise in which a person sits , stands , or lies on a vibrating platform . The vibrations cause muscles to contract and relax multiple times a second . In new research , diabetic mice that went through vibration exercises saw the same muscle and bone benefits as those that exercised on a treadmill . While more research is needed to determine the effects on humans , the study suggests that whole-body vibration has the potential to combat some of the negative effects of diabetes and obesity . This could be particularly beneficial for people who ca n't participate in traditional exercise due to physical limitations or other restrictions . We spoke with first author Meghan E. McGee-Lawrence to learn more about the finding and its implications.It 's a well-known fact that exercise is good for your body . Among other things , it can improve metabolism , body weight , and bone and muscle mass . However , exercise is inherently strenuous , and adherence to an exercise regimen can be difficult for many reasons , including scheduling issues and physical limitations . We wanted to know if we could obtain some of the same health benefits of exercise through a less strenuous mechanism.We subjected healthy and diabetic mice to 20 minutes a day of whole-body vibration by placing their cages on top of a vibrating platform . The platform was carefully calibrated so that we knew the magnitude and the frequency of the stimulus being applied . Mice were vibrated for 20 minutes a day for 12 weeks . Another group of healthy and diabetic mice were exercised on a treadmill for 45 minutes per day for 12 weeks . A third group of healthy and diabetic mice received no intervention and served as our sedentary controls.Both whole body vibration and treadmill exercise improved the health of the diabetic animals . Their sensitivity to insulin improved , less fat was stored in their livers , their muscle fibers grew in diameter , their fat cells became smaller in size , and a marker of bone formation activity increased with either vibration or exercise . We were not able to completely rescue the diabetic mice—they were still heavier , with less bone and muscle than the healthy controls . But , we saw improvements in the diabetic mice treated with whole-body vibration or exercise as compared to the sedentary diabetic mice.In most endpoints we examined , whole-body vibration and treadmill-based exercise had similar effects on improving health in the diabetic animals.We hope so ! There are clinical studies ongoing right now , looking at whether whole body vibration can have beneficial effects in humans in a lot of different scenarios . Past studies have suggested that there are a lot of details that need to be worked out . For example , whereas whole-body vibration leads to increased bone mass in some individuals , it has n't proven very effective at treating osteoporosis in post-menopausal women . And you can have too much of a good thing . We know that exposure to higher-level vibration in an occupational setting , for example vibration experienced by some types of construction workers , can have a harmful effect on bone . There are a lot of parameters—frequency , amplitude , time of loading—that will have to be optimized as whole body vibration is moved forward as a potential therapy for humans . But , animal studies like ours suggest that it should be looked into further.This preliminary research suggests that there may be ways to obtain some of the beneficial effects of exercise in a less strenuous way . So , if this mechanism does translate to humans , it suggests that someone unable to participate in a traditional exercise program for some reason—for instance because of physical limitations or lack of time—may have another way to benefit from mechanical loading on their body.We get this question a lot ! They 're pretty different . A closer , modern example to what we did would be the vibration plates that you sometimes see at gyms and fitness centers , which can apply whole body vibration in a controlled fashion . PowerPlate is one that is available commercially , but there are lots of options.We 're excited by the possibilities that whole body vibration may have to offer , but there is a lot of work left to do to determine whether its beneficial effects could be comparable to exercise in humans , and even if so , what type of protocol would be most effective . So in the meantime , do n't give up on exercise , because the health benefits have been proven time and time again !
Good Morning John ,
We 're having a bad conversation in this country right now . I spent a fair amount of time last night arguing with people who were saying that the GOP is literally and even intentionally attempting to kill poor people by repealing Obamacare .
Now , here 's the situation , if the GOP repeals Obamacare , 20 million people will lose their insurance . This disproportionately affects poor people and self-employed people . This is wrong . I will go to the mat for that perspective . I believe strongly that I am right , that America with obamacare is healthier economically as well as physically .
But also , it 's clear that people without health insurance are more likely to die sooner . So taking away people 's health insurance does result in more death . That 's also pretty undeniably true .
There are two more steps to this argument . One is that it does n't matter what people 's intent is , if you fail to provide a service and it results in death , then you have killed that person .
The next step ( that many fewer people are taking ) is that this is an intentional GOP plan to kill the people who do n't vote for them .
But…if you really want to have that conversation , it leads to some uncomfortable places .
John , I like to walk to the coffee shop in the morning and get a decaf Americano with my wife and baby . That costs me about $ 2.50 per day . Three billion people on earth make less money per day than I spend on coffee . My coffee budget is more than their /entire/ budget . For food , for medicine , for housing , for clothes…it 's what I spend on coffee .
So let 's ask the uncomfortable question . How many people do I kill every year through my inaction ?
If you 're going to say the GOP is killing people , then you also need to say that I am killing people .
We , as a country , will always be able to spend more money to save more lives . Should the government buy every persona new car with top-of-the-line safety features every year ? Because that would save lives . We allow people to die by letting them drive at 70 miles per hour in 15 year old cars without airbags . We do that every day .
Look , we have to fight for healthcare , and we have to inform people of the reality that they will be more likely to go bankrupt , more likely to lose their businesses , more likely to spend years of their lives chased by their debtors if the AHCA passes . It is injustice . It is bad politics and bad policy . But framing this as murder or conspiracy is over a line for me .
If we believe they are murdering us , and if we convince others of that , then how far away is that from taking the final step and murdering them back ?
Intervision Song Contest One of several logos used by the Intervision Network between 1977–1980 . Genre Song contest No . of episodes 5 contests Production company ( s ) Intervision Distributor Intervision Release Original release 24 August 1977 ; 41 years ago ( )
23 August 1980 ; 38 years ago ( 1980-08-23 )
28 August 2008 ; 10 years ago ( )
31 August 2008 ; 10 years ago ( 2008-08-31 ) Chronology Preceded by Sopot International Song Festival Related shows Eurovision Song Contest ( 1956– )
The Intervision Song Contest ( ISC ) is an international song contest consisting of both Post-Soviet states and members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation . It was previously the Eastern Bloc equivalent to the Eurovision Song Contest . Its organiser was the Intervision , the network of Eastern Europe television stations . It took place mostly in the Forest Opera in Sopot , Poland .
The ISC was organised between 1977 and 1980 . It replaced the Sopot International Song Festival ( Sopot ISF ) that had been held in Sopot since 1961 . In 1981 the ISC/Sopot ISF was cancelled because of the rise of the independent trade union movement , Solidarity , which was judged by other Eastern-bloc countries to be counter-revolutionary .
History [ edit ]
The first Sopot International Song Festival was initiated and organised in 1961 by Władysław Szpilman , assisted by Szymon Zakrzewski from Polish Artists Management ( PAGART ) . [ 1 ] The first three editions were held in the Gdańsk Shipyard hall ( 1961–1963 ) , after which the festival moved to the Forest Opera ( Opera Lesna ) . The main prize has been Amber Nightingale through most of its history .
Between 1977 and 1980 it was replaced by the Intervision Song Contest , which was still held in Sopot . Unlike the Eurovision Song Contest , the Sopot International Music Festival often changed its formulas to pick a winner and offered many different contests for its participants . For example , at the 4th Intervision Song Festival ( held in Sopot 20–23 August 1980 ) two competitions were effective : one for artists representing television companies , the other for those representing record companies . In the first the jury considered the artistic merits of the songs entered ; while in the second , it judged the performers ' interpretation . `` [ 2 ] The festival has always been open to non-European acts , and countries like Cuba , Dominican Republic , Mongolia , New Zealand , Nigeria , Peru , South Africa and many others have been represented in this event .
The contest lost popularity in Poland and abroad in the 1980s , declining further during the 1990s , and the rather unconvincing organisations by TVP made the authorities of Sopot give the organization of the 2005 Sopot International Song Festival to a private TV channel , TVN . Since 1999 , there was no contest . TVP chose to invite well-known artists instead , featuring the likes of Whitney Houston or The Corrs . In 2005 , TVN was expected to bring the competition back . In 2006 TVN invited Elton John . The Sopot International Song Festival is usually considered bigger than the Benidorm International Song Festival because of its ability to attract star performers . In 2010 and 2011 , the festival did not take place due to renovation of the Forest Opera . Since 2012 , it is called Sopot Top Of The Top Festival and is broadcast annually by Polsat . The festival also provided opportunity to listen to international stars . In the past , it featured Charles Aznavour , Boney M , Johnny Cash , and more recently : Chuck Berry , Vanessa Mae , Annie Lennox , Vaya Con Dios , Chris Rea , Tanita Tikaram , La Toya Jackson , Whitney Houston , Kajagoogoo , and Goran Bregovic , Anastacia .
Attempted revival [ edit ]
In 2009 , Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin proposed restarting the competition , this time between Russia , China and the Central Asian countries which are mostly members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] In May 2014 , it was announced that the contest would return after a 34-year hiatus , featuring countries from the Commonwealth of Independent States , the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation and former Soviet Republics . [ 6 ]
The contest was scheduled to take place in October 2014 due to Russian anger at the `` moral decay of the West '' , particularly in response to the 2014 Eurovision Song Contest winner Conchita Wurst . Moreover , the revival is seen as part of Vladimir Putin 's `` broader cultural diplomacy agenda '' . [ 7 ] Despite plans to stage the contest in both 2014 and 2015 , the revival of the contest has been postponed . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Initial plans indicated that the competition would have taken place in Sochi with seven countries having declared their interest to compete : Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , China and Uzbekistan . [ 10 ]
Participation [ edit ]
The contest is open to members of the Commonwealth of Independent States , the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation and former Soviet Republics ( including the Baltic states ) . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Entered at least once Never entered , although eligible to do so Participation since 1977 :
Winners [ edit ]
Winners by country [ edit ]
Wins Country Years 1 Tajikistan 2008 Finland 1980 Poland 1979 Soviet Union 1978 Czechoslovakia 1977
Winners by language [ edit ]
Wins Language Years 1 English 2008 Finnish 1980 Polish 1979 Russian 1978 Czech 1977
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
References
Algebraic Combinatorics OpenCourseWare : A Free Undergraduate-Level Advanced Algebra Course by MIT 'Algebraic Combinatorics ' is a free OpenCourseWare class offered by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . The course introduces undergraduate ...
Linear Algebra OpenCourseWare : MIT 's Free Undergraduate Linear Algebra Course 'Linear Algebra ' is an undergraduate-level OpenCourseWare class offered for free by MIT . The course serves as an introduction to matrices and ...
Special Topics in Mathematics with Applications ( Linear Algebra and the Calculus of Variations ) OpenCourseWare : A Free MIT Grad-Level Course Study special mathematical topics , including linear transformations , orthogonal curvilinear coordinates and calculus of variations in this free ...
Introduction to Numerical Methods OpenCourseWare : MIT 's Free Graduate Level Linear Algebra Course 'Introduction to Numerical Methods , ' a free course offered by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , introduces you to numerical linear ...
Computational Science and Engineering OpenCourseWare : A Free Undergraduate Linear Algebra Class by MIT 'Computational Science and Engineering I ' is a free OpenCourseWare class offered by MIT . It is a graduate-level mathematics class focusing on ...
Algebraic Number Theory OpenCourseWare : A Free Graduate Study Course by MIT on the Study of Computer Algebra 'Topics in Algebraic Number Theory ' is a free OpenCourseWare offered by MIT . The first in a series of courses on algebraic number theory , this ...
College-Level Algebra OpenCourseWare : USU 's Free College-Level Algebra Class Strengthen your understanding of equations , functions and factorials with this free OpenCourseWare from Utah State University ( USU ) . 'College ...
Two pharmacy benefits managers are combining forces in an effort to negotiate better deals with pharmaceutical makers , a move that could in theory lead to lower drug prices for consumers .
A unit of the UnitedHealth Group said it had agreed to acquire the Catamaran Corporation in an all-cash deal worth nearly $ 13 billion , the companies announced on Monday .
UnitedHealth will pay $ 61.50 a share for Catamaran , a 27 percent premium over Friday 's closing price of $ 48.32 a share . It is the latest big acquisition in the health care industry , which is in the midst of a surge of deal activity . And it represents a further consolidation of the pharmacy benefits management business .
Last month , Rite Aid , a big pharmacy chain , acquired Envision Pharmaceutical Services , for $ 2 billion in cash and stock .
`` Vision is not enough , it must be combined with venture . It is not enough to stare up the steps , we must step up the stairs . '' -Vaclav Havel
It 's arguable that vision is the most important tool that an astronomer can have . This was particularly important back before the invention of the telescope , as the greatest astronomers of their time ( like Tycho Brahe ) were renowned for their visual acuity .
How do you stack up ? You were curious about learning how good your hearing was , but what about your vision ? Well , you can always get your vision tested using a Snellen eye chart , and read the bottom-most line that you can at the appropriate distance .
But where 's the fun in that ? And who wants to bother with an eyechart and measuring the proper distance ?
Why not just use the astronomical objects available in the sky ? You know , like this guy .
The Moon takes up about half-a-degree on the sky . In astronomy , we divide up each degree into 60 minutes of arc ( known as arc-minutes ) , and we divide each minute up into 60 seconds of arc ( known as arc-seconds ) .
Visible during the day or at night , the Moon is always -- except to those with awful vision -- very clearly a disc . A typical human being with `` normal '' vision ( called 20/20 in the US ) can see all the way down to resolutions of one arc minute , whereas the Moon , even at its smallest , appears to take up a whopping 29 arc minutes on the sky . Which , of course , is why we can see features on the Moon -- such as its phase and its great light-and-dark spots -- with our naked eyes !
But some people can see even better than average .
Laser interferometry -- despite that this runs contrary to what wikipedia tells you -- places a limit on what the perfect human eye ( but still with rods & cones , sorry , Geordi La Forge ) can see : down to a resolution of just 24 arc seconds , or 0.4 arc minutes . ( This is the equivalent of 20/8 vision . )
It turns out that , for someone of just average vision , everything in the night sky that is n't the Moon will look like a single bright point of light .
But is your vision better than average ? ( For those of you with eyeglasses/contacts , you can ask whether your corrected vision is better than average ! ) You see , there are two planets in our Solar System that -- during the right time of the year -- you could see as a disc instead of as a point , if your vision is good enough ! How does this work ?
Planets -- although far away -- also have significant diameters . So long as they are n't too far away for how large they are , it should be possible for your eye to resolve that a planet is a disc , rather than a single point of light . In astronomy , we refer to this as the angular diameter of an object .
So which are the planets that we can do this with ?
Say hi to Venus . At its dimmest , Venus appears brighter than even the brightest star . As far as distances go , Venus gets closer to Earth than any other planet ; she sometimes passes within 40 million kilometers of Earth ! When Venus is this close , someone with normal vision can just barely see Venus appear as a disc , rather than as a point . ( It reaches a maximum angular size of 1 arc-minute and 6 arc-seconds . )
But Venus also gets far away from the Earth , falling all the way down to a minimum angular diameter of just over 9 arc-seconds , impossible to resolve for even a perfect human . Still , if you 're meticulous , and you can see Venus as a disc on some nights but not on others , you can figure out what the limit of your vision is .
But there 's another planet that 's even better for this .
Also visible to the naked eye -- but not to everyone -- is the planet Jupiter , shown here as it was in 2008 , just 2 degrees away from Venus ! ( Venus is the larger one . ) Jupiter , when it 's closest to Earth , appears to take up 50 arc-seconds on the sky . In other words , you can see it as a disc if your vision is slightly above average ( about 20/16 vision ) , but not if your vision is only average !
But Jupiter also gets more than 300 million kilometers farther away from Earth , and when it 's at its farthest it only takes up 29.8 arc-seconds , meaning that someone with 20/9 vision can see it as a disc , but one with 20/10 or worse will see it as a mere point !
Why do I bring this up now ?
Because we are approaching `` closest approach '' to Jupiter ! As the summer wears on , Jupiter will appear to get larger and larger , reaching its maximum size of 50 arc-seconds in September of this year ( 2010 ) .
So if you ca n't see it as more than a point now , do n't stop looking up ! You could only be a few days away from seeing something that most people do n't even know is possible ! ( Just make sure to wear your glasses , if you need them ! )
Two leaked tapes have emerged on the internet where Kiev-appointed governor allegedly threatens an ex-presidential candidate who called for a referendum . The official may also be behind the Odessa massacre and Mariupol shootings , the leak adds .
On the first tape , which appeared on May 14 , an oligarch and governor of the city of Dnepropetrovsk in southeastern Ukraine , Igor Kolomoisky , allegedly called ex-presidential candidate Oleg Tsarev and started threatening him . He told Tsarev to leave Ukraine immediately , saying it was in connection with the killing of Bogdan Shlemkevich , a soldier from Ukraine 's National Guard on May 9 in Mariupol , southeastern Ukraine . He was shot in clashes between anti-government protesters and soldiers sent by Kiev in an ‘ antiterrorist ' operation in eastern Ukraine .
Tsarev , a Dnepropetrovsk businessman and People 's Deputy of Ukraine , submitted his candidacy as self-nominee for the presidential election scheduled for May 25 . He is standing for federalization of the country as well as for referenda in all parts of Ukraine . He withdrew his presidential candidacy on 29 April in a protest against Kiev .
“ We prayed for [ Bogdan ] Shlemkevich who was killed in Mariupol and they say that Tsarev is guilty , ” Kolomoisky told the ex-candidate .
The Dnepropetrovsk governor says that now Tsarev and his family will be hunted down and killed .
“ They put $ 1 million for your head , they will go after you everywhere , ” Kolomoisky told him . “ Tomorrow they will look for your people and relatives , ” said the Ukrainian oligarch .
The second leaked conversation , which also emerged on May 14 , was between Oleg Noginsky , the president of the Suppliers of Customs Union , an organization which aims at increasing the turnover between Ukraine and the Customs Union of Belarus , Kazakhstan , and Russia , and someone whom he called Yan Borisovich . Noginsky said that Kolomoisky 's actions are mad .
“ Besides , it was he [ Kolomoisky ] who hired the guys in the Odessa [ massacre ] … the situation went out of control . Their task was to beat them [ anti-government protesters ] so they would be taken to hospital and to destroy the camp [ on Kulikovo Pole Square ] completely , ” he said .
Kolomoisky is still in Odessa and the result of his actions is that 16 of those who survived the House of Trade Unions bloodshed in Odessa were killed during the next three days , the man who is believed to be Noginsky accuses the Dnepropetrovsk governor .
According to him , it 's not the first time the Dnepropetrovsk governor has threatened politicians . He also allegedly threatened Igor Markov , a deputy of the Ukrainian parliament .
RT could not confirm the veracity of the tapes , and Oleg Tsarev was not available for comment at the time of publication . However , he confirmed to the website of Russian TV show , ‘ Man and Law ' , that this conversation took place .
In Odessa violent clashes erupted on May 2 between anti-government protesters and radicals supporting the coup-imposed authorities in Kiev . The confrontation led to a tragedy that left 48 people dead and over 200 injured as nationalists burnt the protester camp and then set fire to the Trade Unions House with anti-Kiev activists trapped inside . According to witnesses , many of those who managed to escape the flames were then strangled or beaten with bats by radicals . Several victims reportedly died of gunshots , while others burnt alive or jumped out of windows in a desperate attempt to escape the deadly flames .
Although the unrest in southeastern Ukraine has already resulted in dozens of deaths , the coup-imposed authorities in Kiev are continuing their crackdown on anti-government activists following pro-autonomy referenda in Ukraine 's Donetsk and Lugansk regions .
Friday Oct 21 , 2016
Last week , The Wall Street Journal report Jason Bellini interviewed a gay couple who attended a Donald Trump rally in Ohio earlier this month . In their interview with Bellini , the men explained why they support the GOP presidential nominee .
After Bellini posted the video to social media , the clip went viral , earning 200,000 views and hundreds of comments .
Bellini posted a followup video this week where the couple , Dewey Lainhart , 31 , and Cody Moore , 23 , react to the attention they 've gotten since their original interview took off online .
The men say they 've been hit with violent threats and that the LGBT community has turned on them .
`` Moore and Lainhart were ridiculed by commenters as 'uneducated , ' 'rednecks , ' 'traitors to the gay community ' and even compared to 'Jews who support Hitler , ' '' Bellini says in the new clip .
Then men reportedly told Bellini they do n't regret doing the interview but the unwanted attention has `` put a damper on their recent engagement . ''
The couple also said they 've gotten death threats and told they should n't leave their house or go to any gay clubs .
`` It does n't concern me . I look over my back , and I do carry [ a gun ] ... because I love the 2nd Amendment , '' Lainhart reportedly said .
Watch Bellini 's report below , along with the original interview .
[ H/T Towleroad ]
It 's weird to think that one year ago today Barack Obama was still the president . Michelle Obama was decorating the White House with happy snowmen and gingerbread dogs instead of transforming the East Colonnade into a hell-bound gullet of witch fingers , apparently our new tradition , and the president of the United States somehow made it through the entire week without insulting a single 90-year-old Native American war hero .
Many of us were angry and terrified but still energized about things like vote audits and faithless electors . We hoped the system might have a fail-safe to protect us from our worst selves — a flash-frozen grown-up to defrost in case of emergencies . Now , a year wiser and few thousand older , in too many ways we are still waiting . It has n't clicked with the necessary urgency that we are the grown-ups . We are still frozen .
Every year , Dictionary.com chooses one word , “ a symbol of the year 's most meaningful events and lookup trends , ” to be the Word of the Year . The past few picks seem to follow a chilling but logical evolution . In 2015 the Word of the Year was broad and neutral — “ identity ” — issues of racial and gender injustice having finally come closer to becoming national priorities and weathered a ghastly but predictable ( and still developing ) backlash . Two thousand fifteens was a difficult year , but it was a year of progress .
By the end of 2016 , as Trumpism seized the wheel , our national conversation on identity sharpened to a sinister specificity : that year 's word was “ xenophobia. ” Two thousand sixteens was a year of us versus them , of villains making their plans clear , of straight , white , Christian identity politics moving to supplant everyone else .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mother in Homs : `` The outside world wo n't help us ''
The Syrian city of Homs has come under renewed bombardment for the fifth day running - the heaviest so far , residents have told the BBC .
Activists say tanks are on the streets , and pro-government militias are murdering civilians in their homes .
On Tuesday , President Bashar al-Assad had promised to end the violence .
The US says it has run out of tools it can use to stop the killings in Homs , after Russia and China blocked a UN Security Council resolution last week .
`` In the coming days we will continue our very active discussions ... to crystallise the international community 's next steps in that effort to halt the slaughter of the Syrian people , '' White House press secretary Jay Carney said .
He said the US was not actively considering military intervention , but `` pursuing a path that includes isolating and pressuring the Assad regime so that it stops its heinous slaughtering of its own people '' .
'You have to be lucky '
The BBC 's Paul Wood , reporting from the outskirts of Homs with rebel fighters , says most people in the hardest hit areas of the city are huddled indoors , too terrified to venture outside .
At the scene It is very difficult to move around . I interviewed somebody yesterday about the shortage of bread . He had very bravely gone to another area of the city to get bread because his local bakery had been shelled . This morning he is lying in hospital with a bullet wound from a sniper . There is a kind of hysteria here . People are absolutely terrified . There are all sorts of rumours - we heard people saying the army was coming , that the army was using chemical weapons . People are beside themselves . That is the effect that constant shelling produces . We counted hundreds of what appeared to be tank shells and heavy artillery shells . They 're using air-burst shells as well . There is a lot of sniper fire . They appear to be deliberately targeting civilians . We saw an old lady and an old man shot by snipers as they crossed an intersection . Whatever the Syrian army 's intention , it is clear that civilians are bearing the brunt . Homs : 'Who will help us now ? '
A resident of the Baba Amr area of Homs , Omar , told the BBC that the rocket and mortar attacks were indiscriminate .
`` Every house here in Baba Amr is a target , '' he said . `` You have to be lucky to survive . ''
He said a baby was killed when a rocket landed on a nearby house .
Activists ' estimates of the number of people killed on Wednesday range from about 40 to more than 100 .
Unconfirmed reports claimed that pro-government militiamen known as `` shabiha '' were going door-to-door and killing indiscriminately .
There are also reports that 18 premature babies died after their incubators failed as a result of power cuts . State TV denied the reports and said Homs hospitals were operating normally .
Our correspondent says the city is full of rumours , with five days of almost constant shelling creating an atmosphere of hysteria and despair .
Hundreds of people are reported to have died in heavy shelling since Friday .
State TV reported that `` armed terrorists '' had attacked an oil refinery in the city .
The government blames the violence on foreign-backed groups and insisted the Homs offensive would continue until `` order '' is restored in the city .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov - who visited Syria on Tuesday - said countries with influence over Mr Assad 's opponents should press them to start talks .
But that option was dismissed by Jay Carney .
`` From the [ earliest ] days of this situation in Syria , there was an opportunity for the Assad regime to engage in dialogue with the opposition , '' he said , according to AFP news agency .
`` Rather than take that opportunity , Assad brutally cracked down on his own people . We do n't think that that opportunity is available any more . ''
Russia is a major arms supplier to Damascus and has its only Mediterranean naval base in Syria .
Last week Russia and China vetoed a UN resolution that backed a new Arab League plan for Syria .
The plan involved Mr Assad handing power to a deputy who would oversee a transition of power .
In other developments :
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin reaffirms Russia 's condemnation of `` violence from whichever side it comes '' and says Syrians should `` decide their own fate independently ''
Turkey calls for an international conference on ways to stop the violence
UN human rights chief Navi Pillay urges the international community to `` cut through the politics and take effective action '' to protect Syrians
Paris-based charity Medecins San Frontieres releases a report with testimony from doctors and patients documenting `` merciless persecution and repression of the injured and their caregivers ''
Widespread violence
Since the UN vote was blocked , Syria has become increasingly isolated .
On Tuesday , Gulf Arab states said they would expel Syrian ambassadors and recall their envoys from Damascus .
The US closed its embassy in Syria on Monday , and several European countries have recalled their ambassadors .
Violence against protesters continues to be reported from areas all over the country .
Activists said tanks bombarded the town of Zabadani , about 30km ( 19 miles ) north-west of Damascus , on Tuesday .
Witnesses also reported clashes between government and rebel forces in Hama , another stronghold of anti-Assad sentiment .
Syria heavily restricts access to foreign journalists and the reports can not be independently verified .
Human rights groups and activists say more than 7,000 people have been killed by Syrian security forces since the uprising began last March .
The UN stopped estimating the death toll in Syria after it passed 5,400 in January , saying it was too difficult to confirm .
President Assad 's government says at least 2,000 members of the security forces have been killed .
A transgender individual , who was born a man , has a male passport and retains a male appendage , has been sentenced to a term in an all male prison for a violent assault . Transgender activists have labelled it “ state sanctioned rape ” and Tory MP Ben Howlett urged a review of the case , which could be used as leverage for a change in the law .
Unemployed make-up artist , Tara Hudson , 26 , has lived as a woman for most of her adult life , putting herself through six years of reconstructive surgery and hormone treatment .
Hudson , from Bath , was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison after admitting to attacking and assaulting someone in a bar on Boxing Day , 2014 .
Mr. Howlett has urged people to sign a petition calling for Hudson to be housed in a female prison and has promised to raise the issue with the Women 's Equalities ' Committee – on which he sits – which is considering calling for the UK to legally recognise a “ third gender . ”
https : //twitter.com/stavvers/status/658983365123686400
A Prison Service spokesman told the Bath Chronicle : “ It is longstanding policy to place offenders according to their legally recognised gender . There are strict rules in place to ensure transsexual prisoners are managed safely and in accordance with the law . ”
The spokesman explained that a prisoner in possession of a gender recognition certificate will be placed according to their legal gender , and those transitioning are entitled to live “ in role ” .
Guidelines published by the Ministry of Justice in 2011 relating to where transgendered criminals , who not legal recognised as their preferred gender , are sent stipulate that decisions should be decided by a case conference involving senior personnel .
Arbiters are required to consider a range of factors , including “ where the prisoner would feel most comfortably housed ” and “ the risks both to the individual and to other prisoners . ”
The decision to house Hudson in a male prison , therefore , may have been taken because a violent criminal with male biology and physical stature could pose a threat to natural born women .
However , Mr. Howlett declared : “ The nature of her crime does not seem to warrant her detention in male environment on security grounds , ” and promised to “ highlighted the case to the Equalities Committee , requesting an urgent review . ”
Mr. Howlett sits on the government 's new “ Women 's and Equalities ” committee , which has heard evidence that the UK should legally recognise a “ third gender ” – people who want to self define themselves as “ non-gendered ” , “ gender queer ” or “ pangender . ”
Hudson would be more likely to be housed in a female prison had she bothered to attain a Gender Recognition Certificate , which requires a £140 fee , a letter from a medical professional and evidence of having lived as one 's chosen gender . The European Court of Human Rights now insists member states recognise a person 's preferred gender as such .
Hudson 's failure to do so , and her case generally , are now being used in the push for such a legally recognised “ third gender , ” or for the UK to follow Ireland and recognise people 's chosen gender without them making any attempt to live as that gender .
Shame Germaine Greer defends her comments . Trans people have a right to self identify https : //t.co/BBkA545kOB @ Commonswomequ # TransInquiry — Ben Howlett MP ( @ ben4bath ) October 25 , 2015
Mr. Howlett is one of the new intake of Conservative MPs who entered Parliament in 2015 . He won his Bath seat from the Liberal Democrats who held it since their victory over Chris Patten , the then Tory Party chairman , in 1992 .
The new MP caused controversy in the past when he revealed that Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams is his most admired politician in Northern Ireland . As Breitbart London reported , senior Tories such as Lord Tebbitt were critical of Mr. Howlett 's opinions .
This is Snapchat footage of the moment a ruthless thug pranced around a 'haunted ' Sydney cemetery - apparently spitting on the burial sites - before destroying nearly 70 Christian graves .
In video shown to a court , grave-smashing stone mason Nassem Raad , 23 , and a friend can be heard making spitting sounds and saying : ' I 'm in the graveyard ... We 're in the f * * * ing graveyard ... mutts ... all these f * * * ers ... Dogs . '
The alarming video emerged as a 'remorseless ' Raad this week escaped time in jail but was slapped with a $ 63,000 fine and a nine-month suspended sentence for destroying 68 Orthodox graves at the Rookwood necropolis in November 2015 .
The developments came as a Greek Orthodox woman whose parents ' graves Raad desecrated revealed that her family had to stump up the cost of the senseless destruction of her mother and fathers ' final resting place .
Nassem Raad ( left ) and a friend are pictured in the Snapchat video on left . The men can then be heard going around the gravesite making spitting sounds at the graves
Burwood Local Court heard Nassem Raad , 21 , showed 'no remorse ' for his actions . But his victims say he will learn empathy one day when someone close to him dies
Raad was all smiles outside a Sydney courtroom this week - dressed in a hoodie and white cap
'We were very affected by it ' : The tombstone of Greek Orthodox parents Georgia and Theodore Tsatsaronis was toppled over by Raad
Sylvie Tsatsaronis told Daily Mail Australia she 'screamed ' when she saw her parents ' final resting place desecrated on the TV news .
Along with the grave of her late parents , Georgia and Theodore , many of the destroyed memorials belonged to dead babies .
'It was tragic . We were very affected by it . We were very angry , ' Ms Tsatsaronis said in an interview .
Raad 's crime left the grave in tatters for six months - meaning it was in ruins through Christmas and Easter , key religious times for the family .
'The news came up and my parents ' grave was on TV , ' Ms Tsatsaronis said . ' I screamed and my family came out running and we went straight to the cemetery . '
Ms Tsatsaronis was both distressed and bewildered because the graves are made out of marble meaning it would require a lot of effort to destroy .
In a social media post recently , Ms Tsatsaronis suggested the thugs had targeted the Orthodox Christian area of the Rookwood necropolis for a reason .
' I screamed ' : Sylvie Tsatsaronis ( pictured ) told Daily Mail Australia she learned of what happened to her parents ' final resting place on TV
Mr Raad destroyed headstones and smashed crosses and candles while on his needless path of destruction at the sprawling necropolis
'He would have had to pass the Islamic burial ground to get to the orthodox section .
'This was a calculated hate crime against Christianity as well as disrespect for the departed ' .
Her family was also lumbered with the $ 1300 damage bill and a long wait for repairs and for the police investigation to conclude .
'Doing what they did is quite despicable and to do it to the deceased and desecrate peoples ' places of rest , ' she said .
Horrific images taken of the cemetery following the attack showed turned over and smashed gravestones , flowers scattered across footpaths and candles turned upside-down
Mr Raad desecrated up to 70 graves , including those of children and babies , has escaped jail time despite showing no remorse
'And the amount of damage they 've done was horrendous .
' I was quite shocked when I went to the cemetery to see the amount of damage , the amount of tombstones they desecrated ' .
She could not fathom why Mr Raad did such a thing .
But despite the fact he has n't apologised , Ms Tsatsaronis said in time Raad would understand the gravity of what he had done .
'As a Christian we forgive . He , in time , will learn .
'Someone close to him will die and he will know what it 's like to lose a loved one .
'He would have empathy then . '
A South Carolina foster mom adopted a little girl in her care just in time for Thanksgiving .
According to ABC News , Melissa Birchmore officially adopted her foster daughter Jeneva , 5 , on Nov. 21 at Sumter County Family Court .
`` It felt like the world was lifted off my shoulders , '' Birchmore told ABC News . `` It was a feeling that you ca n't describe . [ Jeneva ] is pretty excited . She understands she is what she calls [ herself ] , 'my forever girl . ' She came in and she meshed and fit and it 's never been her plan to leave . ''
Birchmore , 52 , said she has been a foster mom since 2009 . She has fostered 14 children .
Birchmore said that before Jeneva was in her care , she was a victim of neglect and `` bounced around '' the homes of various relatives . She said that after Jeneva was placed in her care in 2013 , the two immediately developed a special bond .
`` From the beginning , I loved her and did n't want her to go anywhere , '' she said .
`` She came in and made herself at home , '' Birchmore added . `` She was meant to belong . She 's very much a girly girl . Even though she 's a little bit sassy , she demands that she fits in and be included . She 's very fun-loving . She adapts to whatever her surroundings are . ''
Birchmore said that Jeneva is excited to celebrate her first Thanksgiving as a Birchmore and wants to `` cook with mommy . ''
Watch below :
Caroll Edwin Spinney ( born December 26 , 1933 ) is a retired American puppeteer , cartoonist , author and speaker most famous for playing Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch on Sesame Street from its inception in 1969 until 2018 . He is usually credited as Caroll Spinney but has sometimes been credited using the alternate spelling Carroll Spinney or under the name Ed Spinney .
Caroll Edwin Spinney was born in Waltham , Massachusetts on December 26 , 1933 . His mother , a native of Bolton , England , named him Caroll because he was born the day after Christmas . He has been drawing and painting since he was a child . He developed a love of puppeteering when he saw a performance of Three Little Kittens at the age of five . This motivated him to purchase a monkey puppet from a rummage sale three years later and put on a puppet show utilizing the monkey and a plush snake . The following Christmas his mother gifted him with a Punch and Judy puppet theater . He continued puppeteering throughout his childhood and adolescence and used his performances to raise money for college tuition . [ 1 ]
Comics and cartoons Edit
While in the Air Force , Spinney wrote and illustrated Harvey , a comic strip about military life . He also animated a series of black-and-white cartoons called Crazy Crayon . [ 3 ]
Early puppeteering Edit
In 1955 , Spinney relocated to Las Vegas , where he performed in the show Rascal Rabbit . [ 2 ] He returned to Boston , joining The Judy and Goggle Show in 1958 as a puppeteer `` Goggle '' to Judy Valentine 's Judy . Throughout the 1960s , he performed on the Boston broadcast of Bozo 's Big Top , where he played various costumed characters which included Kookie the Boxing Kangaroo as well as Mr . Lion , who created cartoon drawings from the names of children participating in the show . Through that decade , he was also a commercial artist and animator .
Spinney created a puppet duo consisting of two cats named Picklepuss and Pop , which he utilized throughout the 1960s . [ 4 ] Many years later , Spinney 's Picklepuss and Pop puppets were characters in Wow , You 're a Cartoonist ! [ 5 ]
As a Sesame Street Muppeteer Edit
Spinney first met Jim Henson in 1962 at a puppeteering festival , where Henson asked if he would like to `` talk about the Muppets '' . As Spinney failed to realize the question was an employment offer , the conversation never came to pass . [ 6 ]
In 1969 , Spinney performed at a Puppeteers of America festival in Utah . His show was a mixture of live actors and puppets but was ruined by an errant spotlight that washed out the animated backgrounds . Henson was once again in attendance and noticed Spinney 's performance . `` I liked what you were trying to do , '' Henson said , and he asked once more if they could `` talk about the Muppets '' . This time , they did have the conversation , and Spinney joined the Muppeteers full-time by late 1969 . [ 7 ]
Spinney joined Sesame Street for the inaugural season in 1969 . However , he nearly left after the first season because he was not getting acceptable pay , but Kermit Love persuaded him to stay . [ 8 ] He has performed the Big Bird and Oscar characters in Australia , [ 9 ] China , [ 10 ] Japan , and across Europe . As Big Bird and Oscar , he has conducted orchestras across the US and Canada , including the Boston Pops , and has visited the White House multiple times . [ 11 ] He has provided the characters ' voices on dozens of albums . [ citation needed ]
As Oscar , Spinney has written How to Be a Grouch , a Whitman Tell-A-Tale picture book . With J. Milligan , he wrote the 2003 book The Wisdom of Big Bird ( and the Dark Genius of Oscar the Grouch ) : Lessons from a Life in Feathers ( ISBN 0-375-50781-7 ) . Spinney narrated the audiobook Street Gang : The Complete History of Sesame Street by Michael Davis . [ 12 ] His work has been studied by other international puppeteers who structure their performance styles after his , most evidently with full-body puppet costumes . The Chinese performer of Da Niao on Zhima Jie is most evident of this , as the character is an exact physical replica of Big Bird . [ 13 ]
Though Big Bird and Oscar are his main characters , Spinney has also performed as other characters . At one point , he created and performed Bruno the Trash Man , a full-bodied puppet representing a garbage carrier , who also carried Oscar 's trash can . Bruno was used until the foam plastic of the character broke down . [ 14 ]
Spinney has performed as Granny Bird , Big Bird 's grandmother . The puppet used for Granny Bird is actually a spare Big Bird puppet , and Spinney provides her voice . As Granny Bird 's appearances are often alongside Big Bird ( who is , as she stated , her `` favorite grandson '' ) , her voice is usually pre-recorded so that Spinney can perform Big Bird . Spinney was one of many puppeteers of a Muppet named Baby Monster in the 1970s . [ 15 ] This character was an `` anything monster '' Muppet played by various Muppeteers until Brian Muehl took over the character in 1980 , and the character was given the name Elmo . The character was taken over by Richard Hunt in 1984 and finally given to Kevin Clash by Hunt a year later . Spinney reprised his role as Oscar the Grouch in Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian in a cameo appearance next to Darth Vader . [ 16 ]
On October 17 , 2018 , Spinney officially announced his retirement from Sesame Street , beginning that very week . His last performances as Big Bird and Oscar were recorded as part of the series ' landmark 50th season , which will air the following year . The roles of Big Bird and Oscar will be handed over to Matt Vogel and Eric Jacobson , respectively . [ 17 ]
Artwork Edit
Some of his artwork include the 1996 painting called Luna Bird showing Big Bird walking on the moon and the 1997 painting Autumn , showing him playing in autumn leaves . [ 18 ] Spinney also drew the iconic drawing of Mr. Hooper that sits near Big Bird 's nest after his death .
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region—In an effort to implement a series of political reform Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi decided Sunday morning to eliminate the post of Vice President and other high-ranking positions , and reduce the excessive number of official bodyguards .
A statement from Abadi 's office read that “ The posts of Vice President and deputy prime minister would be eliminated immediately , ”
This decision removes Nouri al-Maliki as Vice President , a post he has been occupying since he was forced to step down as prime minister last year .
The statement said that the number of bodyguards of ministers , members of parliament as well as President , parliamentary speaker and prime minister would be shrunk .
According to the statement , the bodyguards , “ Would be moved to the defense or interior ministry based on their training where they will defend the country and its people , ”
Abadi 's decision comes days after Iraqis have taken to the streets across the country , demanding better services and an end to corruption .
The Iraqi prime minister 's decision reads that “ all special payment to government committees and retired officials would be revoked and instead would be taken into account fairness , professionalism and expertise , ”
The statement reads that ministries , managerial and consultancy positions would be purged of political and sectarian appointments .
“ A grand committee set up by the prime minister will select candidates based on skill , transparency and domestic and international experience , ” said the statement from Abadi 's office .
Abadi has asked members of parliament to approve his decree in order to start its implementation across all government institutions .
A Donald Trump spokesperson just got caught trying to blame Barack Obama for something he could n't possibly have had anything to do with , and Twitter is not letting her live it down .
Katrina Pierson appeared on CNN for an interview with Wolf Blitzer about Trump 's continued war of words with the parents of slain soldier Capt . Humayun Khan , and said Obama 's changes to the “ rules of engagement ” in Iraq likely cost the soldier his life .
The only problem , of course , is that Khan died in 2004 , when George W. Bush was president , and Obama was just a state senator in Illinois .
Also Read : Could the Khan Family Spell the End of Donald Trump ?
Twitter caught on to the goof right away , and devised the hashtag # KatrinaPiersonHistory , which is being used to place blame for other historical events on Obama .
“ The South was totally winning the Civil War , but then Obama issued a ‘ Stand down ' order , ” joked one user .
“ According to Trump spox Katrina Pierson , were it not for President Obama 's failed policies , Abraham Lincoln would still be alive , ” said another .
Also Read : Veteran Groups , Gold Star Families Condemn Donald Trump Over Attacks on Khan Family
Critics say Trump went too far when he attacked Humayun 's parents Khizr and Ghazala Khan , whose son died after saving hundreds of his fellow soldiers .
Khizr Khan — who criticized Trump for his proposed ban on Muslims entering the U.S. during the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last week — is now appealing to Republican voters , urging them to disavow their nominee .
“ This candidate is void of empathy , so I will continue to reach out to Republican voters to refrain from voting for this candidate , ” Khan told NBC News on Monday . “ He needs to mend his way . ”
Also Read : Veteran Groups , Gold Star Families Condemn Donald Trump Over Attacks on Khan Family
Read tweets lampooning Pierson 's misstatement below .
Ronald Reagan is alive , and is living in Russia under the alias `` Vladimir Putin '' # KatrinaPiersonHistory — Dreamweasel ( @ Dreamweasel ) August 3 , 2016
He was warned about that asteroid , but when it came time to act , he let millions of endangered dinosaurs die . # KatrinaPiersonHistory — Justice Wainwright ( @ JusticeBlaine ) August 3 , 2016
# KatrinaPiersonHistory Obama mixed the cool aid at Jonestown — Mya Buttreaks ( @ MButtreaks ) August 3 , 2016
`` We would have won the Vietnam War if it was n't for Obama '' – Katrina Pierson — Just Maybe ( @ ShomahKhoobi ) August 3 , 2016
# KatrinaPiersonHistory The South was totally winning the Civil War , but then Obama issued a `` Stand down '' order . — Sarah Reese Jones ( @ PoliticusSarah ) August 3 , 2016
According to Trump spox Katrina Pierson , were it not for President Obama 's failed policies , Abraham Lincoln would still be alive . — RUSS BENGT $ ON ( @ russbengtson ) August 2 , 2016
Katrina Pierson explaining to @ wolfblitzer that # Obama invented time travel , went back in time and killed Cap . Kahn and then brought Zika . — Girls Really Rule . ( @ girlsreallyrule ) August 2 , 2016
How can you be so dense , shameless , and clueless , @ KatrinaPierson that you actually make that baboon Trump look worse ? — Keith Olbermann ( @ KeithOlbermann ) August 2 , 2016
# KatrinaPiersonHistory Obama was on the grassy knoll in Dallas and Katrina has a copy of his ticket from Kenya to Dallas — Tony Huffman ( @ huffman_tony ) August 3 , 2016
The last dinosaur died in 1956 , shot by a young Dick Cheney # KatrinaPiersonHistory pic.twitter.com/lzc37rXURt — St Peter ( @ stpeteyontweety ) August 3 , 2016
Obama started 14th century Europe 's Black Death pandemic , causing 75 million deaths . Because , you know , BLACK . # KatrinaPiersonHistory — Simon Ford ( @ SimonFordComedy ) August 3 , 2016
Obama knew about that iceberg but did n't warn the captain of the Titanic # KatrinaPiersonHistory — Tara Rodham Dublin ( @ taradublinrocks ) August 3 , 2016
# KatrinaPiersonHistory Obama is the real reason why Lucy always had so much splainin ' to do to Ricky . pic.twitter.com/Sh9HFCSVV1 — The Hashtag Game ( @ TheHashtagGame ) August 3 , 2016
# KatrinaPiersonHistory Obama is the reason why Raymond Babbitt kept missing Wapner . Definitely . Yeah , Definitely . pic.twitter.com/4WyA9pYHER — The Hashtag Game ( @ TheHashtagGame ) August 3 , 2016
Obama gave Amelia Earhart directions to Kenya . # KatrinaPiersonHistory pic.twitter.com/OS7uJ1YCMy — Scott Wooledge ( @ Clarknt67 ) August 3 , 2016
# KatrinaPiersonHistory Obama introduced John Lennon to Yoko Ono and well , you know… pic.twitter.com/Hr7HExbhPr — EGCollins ( @ EGCollins ) August 3 , 2016
Obama totally started chowing down before the Lord said grace . # KatrinaPiersonHistory pic.twitter.com/QmkkZsm3lK — Sha ( @ quip1 ) August 3 , 2016
Almost any person who has been sexually assaulted can describe feeling helpless and alone in the aftermath . But the truth is that she or he rarely is . Abusers often leave a trail of victims in their wake . And when one survivor comes forward , it matters not just for the person but the others who 've been holding back their stories . It 's a chance for them to say : me too . So whatever you believe or do n't believe about the current allegations against adult star James Deen , it 's undeniable that Stoya 's allegation on November 28 that her former boyfriend and costar raped her was the catalyst for several other women in the industry to start speaking up about their experiences with him .
Stoya 's initial accusation was short on details , just a pair of tweets saying , `` That thing where you log in to the internet for a second and see people idolizing the guy who raped you as a feminist . That thing sucks . James Deen held me down and f__ked me while I said no , stop , used my safeword . I just ca n't nod and smile when people bring him up anymore . '' It did n't take long for more women in the adult industry to tell their stories .
Advertisement :
On Monday , Ashley Fires told the Daily Beast Deen was the only actor she refused to work with , `` because he almost raped me . '' She described an incident in which she says he approached her as she was getting out of the shower at the Kink studio . `` I reach for my towel to dry off , and he comes up from behind me and pushes himself and his erection into my butt . He pushes me against the sink and starts grabbing on me and I was like , ‘ No , no , no James , no , ' and he released me from his grasp , and says , ‘ You know , later if you want to fuck around I 'm in room whatever-it-was . I was like , ‘ F__k you . ' I did n't even know this guy , he was so out of line and entitled with my body . '' And writing in the Daily Beast , also on Monday , actress Tori Lux claimed , `` In June of 2011 , while shooting at a major porn studio , I was assaulted by James Deen . ''
Since then even more women have come forward . On Twitter , Joanna Angel said , `` He 's dead on the inside and dead to me . He 's literally the worst person I 've ever met . That 's all I 'll say for now . '' Then , in an interview Jason Ellis SiriusXM radio show Wednesday , she spoke of her six-year relationship with Deen , saying , `` More than once I woke up to him choking me in his sleep… He really is a scary person . He got more violent and scary the more famous he got .. He knows there 's something wrong with him . ''
And on the same day , porn actresses Amber Rayne and Kora Peters spoke with the Daily Beast 's Aurora Snow about their experiences — Rayne described how she 'd called him a `` son of a bitch '' during a sex scene and suddenly `` His face twisted and he came down on my face two times—close-fisted . '' He then went on to such `` extreme , brutal '' behavior — mid-sex scene — `` I bled everywhere . There was so much blood I could n't finish the scene . '' She gamely says now that she worked with him again years later because `` It seemed like he 'd grown up significantly , at least in his interactions with me , and I grew into a stronger person as well . '' In the same interview , Kora Peters recalled a similar encounter , when what was supposed to be a more traditional scene took a turn . `` I kept pushing him away , so he choked me , '' she said , `` then he slammed my face down into the couch and forced himself in my a__ anyway . ''
Then on Thursday , even more women came forward . Speaking with Voactiv 's Tracy Clark-Flory , performer Lily LaBeau called getting hit in the face by Deen during a scene `` the most traumatic thing that 's happened to me in my career . '' Another actress , speaking on condition of anonymity , said , `` He 's the one who will make it look like it 's this romantic scene to the camera and what you do n't see is that he 's twisting your nipple or pinching you or jabbing you in some way . '' And speaking to the Daily Mail , actress Nicki Blue said that at a party after her debut film , she was giving him oral sex that `` was nice at first , then it got really rough . I kept trying to pull my head up to say something , it was too rough . '' She says he then urinated in her mouth and `` then after that , he had the idea of putting the beer bottle up my a__ . So that was done . ''
The torrent of allegations against a powerful man in a protective industry calls to mind several other recent stories . There are the ongoing and very consistent accusations , spanning decades , against Bill Cosby . There are the numerous women who came forward last year with their allegations of violent and sexually abusive incidents involving Canadian radio star Jian Ghomeshi . There has been the the flood of revelations involving child sex abuse by members of the Catholic church . When one person opens a door , it makes room for others to follow . ( Deen 's current girlfriend , Chanel Preston , meanwhile , appears to be standing tentatively by his side . )
Deen has said very little over the past few days , beyond assuring , `` I respect women and I know and respect limits both professionally and privately . '' But earlier this week he resigned from the Adult Performer Advocacy Committee . And based on the women who 've spoken out this week , it 's safe to speculate there are more of them out there with a different opinion of his respect for limits . That 's likely why Lily LaBeau put it in the plural when she said , `` The point is , he does n't just rape — in so many words , he likes to hurt women . ''
Story highlights After failing to get any offers , a man says he 'll take Dogecoins for his vacation home
Dogecoin is an alternative digital coin to the popularly traded cryptocurrency Bitcoin
Although it started off as a parody to Bitcoin , Dogecoin is now worth more than $ 65 million
The Dogecoin started off as a penniless Internet joke . But Matt Thompson plans on selling his vacation home for this meme-inspired currency .
The 27-year-old entrepreneur has been selling games and gadgets over the Internet for years , but nothing as big as his Wisconsin vacation home , which he is offering for 100 million Dogecoins .
Dogecoin ( pronounced DOHJ-coin ) is n't something tangible like the dollar bills in your wallet . It 's an open source file-sharing form of cryptocurrency that was created by programmer Billy Markus in December 2013 . The newbie cryptocurrency started off as a parody of Bitcoin , using the image of a perplexed Japanese dog . Chances are , you 've probably seen Dogecoin 's mascot somewhere on the Internet already . As the Shiba Inu would say : Wow , much coin-cidence .
But this satirical currency is n't just a punchline anymore . Through trading and transactions between users , the currency went from being worth nothing to being valued at more than $ 65 million , and it has a uniquely supportive community of users from the site Reddit
they were made available online . But the early adopter did n't think of selling his months on the market . His three-bedroom , two-bath home is one of 2,300 properties on sale in Sawyer County , in the state 's northern woods . Thompson , a user of Bitcoins since 2011 , started buying and selling Dogecoins two days afterthey were made available online . But the early adopter did n't think of selling his vacation home for cryptocurrency until his property got no offers after severalmonths on the market.His three-bedroom , two-bath home is one of 2,300 properties on sale in Sawyer County , in the state 's northern woods .
To attract potential buyers , he decided to accept Dogecoins as a payment form . He sees potential in it .
`` I do n't mind holding on to ( Dogecoins ) for a multitude of reasons , including that I believe I can use them to further my business , '' he explained . Thompson , who lives in Minnesota , primarily sells video and electronic game accessories online . He 's been able to buy and sell inventory from places such as China by using the digital currency . `` It 's safe and easy with minimal fees , '' he said . `` To date , I 've found it to be very good for supplementing payment methods . ''
alternative to Bitcoin , but it is important to put it into context . Bitcoin is the most popularly traded cryptocurrency and has the largest community of users in the digital currency realm . Dogecoin is one of the top 10 cryptocurrencies , but it has a far smaller following . Timothy Lee , who has written about cryptocurrency for The Washington Post , says Dogecoin can be a feasiblealternative to Bitcoin , but it is important to put it into context . Bitcoin is the most popularly traded cryptocurrency and has the largest community of users in the digital currency realm . Dogecoin is one of the top 10 cryptocurrencies , but it has a far smaller following .
Ben Doernberg of the Dogecoin Foundation -- yes , the founders even established a nonprofit organization -- says what makes it special compared with its competitors is its community .
`` It was important to the founders that the currency would be friendly and accepting . Most of these Bitcoin competitors are created to make a lot of money , but it 's hard to generate a healthy supportive community , '' he said . Doernberg estimates that more than 100,000 people use Dogecoin actively .
That does make for a limited pool of users who can fork up Thompson 's 100 million Dogecoin price tag , which translates to roughly $ 135,000 . The value of a Dogecoin is about one-tenth of a penny , whereas a Bitcoin is valued at a hefty $ 630 -- and at their peak Bitcoins were trading at $ 1,200 .
Even though the value of Dogecoin is only a fraction of other cryptocurrenices , that does n't mean it 's easy to earn .
There 's a process , says Dogecoin user Lionel Vogt , who first shared Thompson 's story with CNN iReport . The Georgia resident explained that people use graphic cards and their computers to help `` mine '' Dogecoins . ( In doge-ism speak , it 's called `` digging '' for coins . ) Mining is the process used to create digital currencies -- it 's where computers solve mathematical equations in exchange for Dogecoins .
It 's similar to producing other popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin , Litecoin and Peercoin .
Dogecoin even has its own website , which has step-by-step instructions on how to get started using the currency . It also features a flashy introductory video of an animated Shiba Inu flying through a fictional city on a rocket ship .
The Dogecoin community is doing more than just joking around and financing online shopping sprees . The currency is being used to raise money for events and people . Before the Sochi Winter Olympics kicked off , Dogecoin fundraisers helped send the Jamaican bobsled team and an Indian luge contender to Russia to compete in the Games . The Dogecoin Foundation and Reddit 's r/Dogecoin community were able to raise more than $ 30,000 for the two causes .
Despite the Dogecoin community 's generosity , Thompson says the cryptocurrency has its critics .
`` So many people , especially people involved with Bitcoin , tend to believe it 's a copycat . I really do n't think you can be so shortsighted . I believe the value of an economic system is the sum of all of its parts . So , there is room for all sorts of coins , '' he said .
Markus , the creator of Dogecoin , explains that the currency is not meant to be a rival to Bitcoin . Both use the same technology . `` Dogecoin would n't be where it is without Bitcoin leading the way , '' said the Portland , Oregon , resident . `` Bitcoin is the trailblazer and Dogecoin is a friendly spin that helps introduce the world of cryptocurrency . ''
Dogecoin 's longevity is also dependent on network effect , Lee explains . `` Dogecoin is sort of this self-fulfilling prophecy , '' he said . `` The more people who accept it , the more value it has . Bitcoin has a head start on that , '' he said .
Bitcoin has been around for five years whereas Dogecoin has been in circulation for three months .
With the cryptocurrency still in its infancy and only a fraction of the value of its popular counterparts , it begs the question : Has Thompson received any offers for his six-acre vacation home ?
Not yet , he says . But he 's definitely made an impression with the Dogecoin community . `` I 've been asked a lot of questions about this house , and I think it 's a good effect . It gets more people talking , '' he said .
Dogecoin Foundation 's Doernberg says all the chatter is a good thing for the digital currency .
`` The U.S. dollar is only valuable because people are willing to accept it . In currency , that is the most important thing , '' he said .
`` Dogecoin 's priorities are 'let 's get everyone to the moon , ' `` Doernberg said . `` Cryptocurrency is really powerful and instead of locking it up for a few people , let 's get everyone in the world on it . ''
Cuba has faced more than 50 years of US sanctions . Now , for the first time , a unique drug developed on the communist island is being tested in New York state . But some American cancer patients are already taking it - by defying the embargo and flying to Havana for treatment .
Judy Ingels and her family are in Cuba for just six days . They have time to go sightseeing and try out the local cuisine . Judy , a keen photographer , enjoys capturing the colonial architecture of Old Havana .
And while she is in the country , Ingels , 74 , will have her first injections of Cimavax , a drug shown in Cuban trials to extend the lives of lung cancer patients by months , and sometimes years .
By travelling to Havana from her home in California , she is breaking the law .
The US embargo against Cuba has been in place for more than five decades , and though relations thawed under President Obama , seeking medical treatment in Cuba is still not allowed for US citizens .
`` I 'm not worried , '' Ingels says . `` For the first time I have real hope . ''
She has stage four lung cancer and was diagnosed in December 2015 . `` My oncologist in the United States says I 'm his best patient , but I have this deadly disease . ''
He does not know she is in Cuba . When she asked him about Cimavax , he had not heard of it .
`` But we 've done a lot of research - I 've read good things , '' Ingels says . Since January , Cimavax has been tested on patients in Buffalo , New York state , but it is n't yet available in the US .
Ingels , her husband Bill and daughter Cindy are staying at the La Pradera International Health Centre , west of Havana . It treats mostly foreign , paying patients like Ingels , and with its pool complex , palm trees and open walkways , La Pradera feels more like a tropical hotel than a hospital .
This trip from their home in California , together with a supply of Cimavax to take back to the US , will cost the Ingels family more than $ 15,000 ( £12,000 ) .
Cimavax fights cancer by stimulating an immune response against a protein in the blood that triggers the growth of lung cancer . After an induction period , patients receive a monthly dose by injection .
It 's a product of Cuba 's biotechnology industry , nurtured by former President Fidel Castro since the early 1980s .
Ironically , Cuba 's biotech innovations can partly be explained by the US embargo - something Castro continually railed against . It meant Cuba had to produce the drugs it could not access or afford . And medications like Cimavax - low-tech products that could be administered in a rural setting - were developed to fit the Cuban context .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cuban cancer drug CIMAvax is bringing hope to US patients in the first collaboration of its kind
Now the industry employs around 22,000 scientists , technicians and engineers , and sells drugs in many parts of the world - but not in the US .
And although the Cubans will not reveal the cost of producing Cimavax , it is cheaper than other treatments .
For Cuba 's residents , all health care is free . One beneficiary is Lucrecia de Jesus Rubillo , 65 , who lives on the fifth floor of a block of flats in the east of Havana
Last September she was given two or three months to live . What began as pain in Lucrecia 's leg , was diagnosed as stage-four lung cancer that had spread .
She had chemotherapy . `` That was really very hard , '' she says . `` It gave me nausea , and it hurt . But my kids asked me to fight , so I did . ''
After radiotherapy , Lucrecia began Cimavax injections . Now she is strong enough to walk up the five flights of stairs to her home , and her persistent cough has diminished . She feels better , more hopeful , and is thinking about what to do next .
`` Perhaps I 'll go to Spain to visit my kid , '' she says . `` I feel happy , and I 'm still dreaming of the future , but I also feel sadness . I 've had a lot of friends who 've died of cancer , and they never had the chance I 'm having with these injections . I feel privileged . ''
Her doctor is Elia Neninger , an oncologist at the Hermanos Ameijeiras Hospital in Havana . Neninger is one of the principal clinicians to trial Cimavax on patients since the 1990s .
`` Lucrecia arrived incapacitated by her disease in a wheelchair , '' Neninger remembers . `` Now the tumour on her lung has disappeared , and the lesions on her liver are n't there either . With Cimavax , she 's in a maintenance phase . ''
In Cuba , specialists like Neninger do not talk about curing cancer - they talk about controlling it and transforming it into a chronic disease . She has treated hundreds of patients with Cimavax .
`` I never thought I 'd work on something that would improve the lives of so many people , '' she says . `` I have stage-four lung cancer patients who are still alive 10 years after their diagnosis . ''
But mostly Cimavax is proven to extend life for months , not years . And it does not help everyone . In trials , around 20 % of patients have n't responded , Neninger says , often because the disease is very advanced , or they have associated illnesses that make treatment more difficult .
Nonetheless , Dr Kelvin Lee is impressed . He is the Chair of Immunology at the Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo , New York , where the American trials of Cimavax are taking place .
Image copyright RPCI 2010
It is the first time a Cuban medication has been trialled in the US , and required special permission because the embargo prohibits most collaboration and trade .
Cancer immunotherapy is getting more expensive in the US , Lee says . A cheap vaccine that can be administered at primary care level is very attractive . And he thinks it is possible that Cimavax could be used to prevent lung cancer , too .
`` If we could vaccinate the high-risk smokers to prevent them from developing lung cancer , that would have an enormous public health impact both in the United States and worldwide . ''
This has not been proven , however , and the initial US trials of Cimavax only began in January .
There is political uncertainty , too . On the campaign trail before his election , President Trump said he would reverse the thaw with Cuba that began under the Obama administration , unless there was change on the island , which is governed as a one-party state .
`` Our demands will include religious and political freedom for the Cuban people , and the freeing of political prisoners , '' Trump said on the campaign trail in Miami .
So far , Cuba has not made it to the top of his in-tray . There is a large constituency of Americans who believe that Cuba does not deserve the kind of recognition and status the association with the Roswell Park Cancer Institute brings .
Find out more
Listen to Cuba 's Cancer Revolution on BBC Radio 4 's Crossing Continents at 11:00 on Thursday 20 April - or catch up again on iPlayer
The programme can also he heard on Assignment on BBC World Service
But Lee thinks political arguments against US-Cuba collaboration are misplaced .
`` The gas we put in our cars , the iPhones we tweet from , the shoes we buy our kids - all come from countries that the United States has fundamental differences with regarding women 's rights , freedom of speech , personal liberties . Yet that has never stopped us from working with them in areas that benefit the people in both countries . ''
For now Bill Ingels , Judy 's husband , is n't worried about falling foul of US authorities .
`` I told them I was coming for educational purposes , '' he says . `` And I am learning about cancer and medication ! I 'm basically a very honest person , but if I have to , I will lie . ''
Ingels will not know if the vaccine has made a difference until she has a scan in three months .
`` We feel pretty positive , and we thought this would be a great experience and journey for my family to take together . It 's the first time I 've felt up since I was diagnosed . ''
Cindy Ingels , Judy 's daughter , is a nurse - she will administer the Cimavax shots to her mother back home in California .
`` Even if she remains stable - that it maintains the tumour size , and it does n't worsen - we 'd be happy with that , '' she says . `` If the tumour decreases from what it is now , that would really be a miracle . ''
Join the conversation - find us on Facebook , Instagram , Snapchat and Twitter .
It 's rare for Real Salt Lake coach Mike Petke to stress the severity of an injury , and he was n't exaggerating when he said in October that Tony Beltran was “ very badly hurt . ”
Beltran is expected to miss the first half of the 2018 season after the team announced he underwent two successful surgeries on his right knee . The second of the two surgeries was performed Nov. 30 , and team orthopedic surgeon Andrew Cooper estimated a nine-month recovery .
“ Because it was a multi-ligament reconstruction , we staged him in his procedures , ” Cooper said in a team release . “ He should do great . This is a real injury , and if anyone will do the work to get fully recovered , it 's Tony . ”
Beltran injured his ACL , LCL and posterolateral corner in RSL 's Oct. 15 match at Colorado . The Rapids ' Dominique Badji was issued a yellow card for the play that took Beltran out of the game .
Cooper first assessed and repaired Beltran 's LCL and posterolateral corner ( the structures on the back , outside part of the knee ) . He used the second procedure to fully reconstruct Beltran 's ACL and LCL .
…maniac by nature . What 's the beef with Austrian GP winner Andrea Iannone ?
I like Andrea Iannone . There , I said it . I like him because he is MotoGP 's pantomime villain , a bit like Captain Hook in Peter Pan .
He fitted the role particularly well after he secured pole position on Saturday , strutting and pouting his way around parc fermé like he owned the place , which he kind of did .
Iannone is red in tooth and claw , which is great , unless you have to share a racetrack with the guy ; like Andrea Dovizioso and Jorge Lorenzo , who he torpedoed in Argentina and at Catalunya , and Eugene Laverty , who he very nearly took out during practice in Austria . And do n't forget the unfortunate seagull at Phillip Island last year…
The 27-year-old Italian has never had any pretensions about being the good guy . Just a few weeks ago on social media he threatened to kill anyone who causes him bother . I can only hope he was talking murder metaphorically , especially if he ends up reading this .
Iannone has always been badly behaved . He first came to the notice of many people at Misano in 2009 , when he took out 125cc race-leader Pol Espargaro and himself with a maniac move ( now there 's a surprise ) at the final corner . When the pair fronted up to each other in the gravel trap Iannone head-butted his victim for good measure , then declared on live Italian TV , “ I hate all Spanish people ” . He was fined several thousand Euros for these misdemeanours .
When Iannone first arrived in the paddock he had a glint in his eye like a backstreet assassin from Naples . He still does . Over the years he has worked hard at building his reputation and now everyone is wary of him : look out here comes Iannone . This is nothing new in bike racing .
“ Intimidation is what it 's all about , ” said five-time premier-class champion Mick Doohan some years ago . “ If you do that kind of stuff enough , it gets to the point where people know as soon as they see you : ‘ I may as well shut down now because it 's not like he 's going to do me any favours ' . ”
Someone joked last weekend that Dorna 's much-discussed dashboard communications system should include an IPW warning light , for Iannone Proximity Warning . In other words , here he comes , save yourself !
Iannone joined the Moto2 series in its inaugural year in 2010 and was perfectly suited to the harum-scarum new championship which in its first few seasons was all about clashing elbows and fairings . “ I love to overtake when it 's tight , ” he said . “ You breathe in as you go past ! ”
Since graduating to MotoGP in 2013 he has proved that he really can ride a bit , even though he 's still as mad as he ever was . Many of his rivals insist he is a danger to them and they may well be right .
In the early days Iannone 's leathers carried the nickname “ Crazy Joe ” , dreamed up by schoolmates because he crashed his scooter so often . A few years ago he changed his moniker to “ The Maniac ” ; presumably with essentially the same meaning . But his cigar-chomping , black-out-shades-wearing manager Carlo Pernat told me this was n't the case .
“ Andrea is not a maniac in riding , ” Pernat said , with a perfectly straight face . “ He is a maniac of precision . ”
My Italian dictionary seemed to support this unlikely claim – “ Maniaco ” means obsessed by something , or crazy about something – and I naively fell for this explanation .
Only later did I found out that “ Maniac ” refers to a certain part of his anatomy , and it 's not his throttle hand .
A while back a colleague asked Iannone what he does during the winter . “ Train and fuck , ” came the reply .
Iannone is n't shy . He 's forever tweeting photos of himself showing-off his muscles , climbing aboard private jets and hanging out with exotic young women in exotic locations . There 's little doubt he 's aware that such ostentation annoys a lot of people and you just know he loves that . He is all boxing-ring swagger , flashing and flaunting his riches .
His website is worth a visit because it is genuinely amusing , which is n't something you can say about most racers ' websites .
“ Gather round , ” it starts . “ My name is Andrea Iannone . ”
“ I 've got tattoos , rings , ” it continues . “ People think I 'm a show-off . But I 've been giving them hell for years . To get here . I started racing because Angelo was doing it . My brother . Blood runs thick . When we used to argue , my father would give us boxing gloves and lock us inside a room . When the room grew silent he would open the door and put us in bed , exhausted . My father believed in me . I owe him everything . Do you understand ? Everything . ”
“ I 've learned to divide up the beast of Andrea , ” it goes on , alluding to The Maniac . “ The beast comes out when there are n't races and I can allow myself to do it . Otherwise I 'm professional , concentrated . A machine . If you do n't believe me , come experience it with me , feel for my ways and everything will go ... PISS OFF ! ” ( For the full 'poem ' see below . )
Despite all this preposterous posturing and despite his rampant self-love and machismo , in fact because of it all , I like him . He 's a pantomime villain and a nutter – both on and off the racetrack – and motorcycle racing needs nutters .
Gather round .
My name is Andrea Iannone .
Motorcycle racer . Currently for Ducati , official team , MotoGP .
I 'm from Vasto , born in 1989 .
August ninth .
I 've got tattoos , rings . People think I 'm a show-off .
But I 've been giving them hell for years . To get here .
I started racing because Angelo was doing it . My brother .
Blood runs thick .
When we used to argue , my father would give us boxing gloves and lock us inside a room .
When the room grew silent he would open the door and put us in bed , exhausted .
My father believed in me .
I owe him everything . Do you understand everything ? Everything .
On my first day of elementary school he said : `` If you come home with bruises , then you 'll get even more .
And remember that whoever starts it gets it twice as hard. ``
So if someone got on my nerves , I 'd have a go .
And I 'd go nuts .
At a certain point he told me : what do you want to do , hang out with friends or be serious ?
He sold everything to support me .
At 15 , 2004 , I was racing in both the Italian and Spanish championship .
I had a rough start , picked myself up , and with a few laps to go I fell . Because I did n't know how to control myself . I wanted to overdo it .
It 's just who I am . I know no limits .
If I play cards I want to win even if I do n't know the rules .
And if I lose I cry .
If you do n't believe me , come experience it with me .
Feel for my ways , and everything will go ...
They expelled me from private school .
I would open my friends ' rooms with calling cards .
If they did n't let me go out , I would escape .
It 's always better to apologize than ask permission .
I 'll explain why later .
In the following season I made it to the 125 cc World Championships .
The first race I won was on 4 May 2008 , in Shanghai . It was the greatest day of my life .
For now , of course .
The bike from that race is in my shed , in my headquarters , in Vasto .
My life lies in there .
I listen to Vasco . I listen to Club Dogo .
My favorite line is : `` I break crystal glasses because I 'm the best at doing it. ``
Do you understand it ?
You have to find your talent , whatever it is .
From 2010 to 2012 I raced in Moto2 .
Then in MotoGP , Ducati Pramac Racing , two years .
I learned to hear how to roll with the punches , be patient , work towards a goal .
I like my life .
I like how I dress .
I like my house in Vasto Marina .
In my shower I 've got a mosaic portraying a dream girl .
In my living room a powerful stereo system .
I like my motorhome , the Audi RS6 Biturbo which I drive , it 's a powerful one .
I like the sound it makes when I down-shift : it seems like firecrackers .
I like going out with my friends , small in numbers , trustworthy .
I like keeping my word .
I 'll goof off one hundred times over , but if the one hundred and first time I give you my word , you better believe I 'll keep it .
I like adrenaline , speed , when I pull ahead when I overtake .
I hate being touched .
I get up late .
I eat late .
I go to bed late .
Then I train .
My motto is : dare . Always dare .
I 've learned to dare so that when the right moment comes I 'll be ready ,
it 'll be a joke . And because of this it 's better to apologize than to ask permission .
I 've learned to speak my mind , even if it hurts .
I 've learned to divide up the beast of Andre . The beast comes out when there are n't races and I can allow myself to do it . Otherwise I 'm professional , concentrated .
A machine .
If you do n't believe me come experience it with me
feel for my ways
and everything will go ...
PISS OFF !
My name is Andrea Iannone
Motorcycle racer .
Image caption Snipes has been on bail since appealing against his 2008 conviction for failing to file tax returns
Actor Wesley Snipes has been ordered to surrender at a federal prison in the US state of Pennsylvania to begin a three-year sentence for tax evasion .
The star of the Blade films was ordered to report to a prison in the town of Lewis Run on 9 December .
Snipes asked a judge last week to let him remain free on bail while he appeals to the US Supreme Court to overturn his conviction .
The actor , 48 , was convicted in 2008 for failing to file tax returns .
Snipes appealed to a court in Atlanta in the US state of Georgia after being found guilty by a jury in Florida . But the court upheld the conviction and sentence .
The actor 's lawyers then argued last month that Snipes had a legal right to remain on bail while they prepared a fresh appeal .
Snipes 's lawyers also said at hearing in the town of Ocala in Florida last month that jurors should be interviewed about whether they had perjured themselves by stating during jury selection that they did not have preconceived opinions about the actor .
His lawyer , Daniel Meachum , said he had received e-mails from multiple jurors , who claimed others in the jury believed the actor was guilty before the trial began .
At the time of his conviction in April 2008 , prosecutors said Snipes had earned more than $ 37m ( £24m ) in gross income between 1999 and 2004 , but had not filed tax returns or paid any federal taxes .
Another 539 apartments could be built right on the banks of the Yarra River in Abbotsford – an area already crowded with new high rises – under a proposal that the local council and residents are powerless to stop .
Salta Properties has advised government officials of plans to build two huge apartment buildings at the old Metropolitan Fire Brigade site at 627 Victoria Street .
The proposal for 627 Victoria Street , Abbotsford .
This plot lies within a priority development zone administered by the state 's Planning Minister , which means Yarra Council can not stop the development even if it wanted to , and residents can not comment on the application .
The Department of Environment , Land , Water and Planning forwarded Salta Properties ' bid to the council on Christmas Eve . Plans include two buildings of 10 and 11 storeys set between 22 metres and 44 metres from the river , nearly 540 dwellings , 508 car spaces , and 788 square metres of shops .
-- The National Hockey League ( NHL® ) today announced the launch of a new official website published in French as a complement to the English-language NHL.com . LNH.com , the NHL 's French language site , provides the League 's francophone fan base an all-access pass to their favorite NHL team and players with fresh , exclusive and compelling content that only the NHL can deliver . Reporting on all 30 clubs , LNH.com features much of the same great content currently found on NHL.com , including Players , Scores , Schedule , Standings , Stats , Polls and Photo Gallery . LNH.com also will offer a special 2012 Tim Hortons NHL All-Star Game microsite -- including a French version of the All-Star Fan balloting and sweepstakes.The content strategy for the French-Canadian NHL Web site is to also prominently feature such French-Canadian players and coaches as Tampa Bay 's , Philadelphia 's , New Jersey 's , Montreal'sand Boston 's , providing regular video interviews of these players in their native language , special highlight packages of their performance on the ice , and localized versions of their traditional NHL.com player pages . `` NHL.com is the premier web destination for NHL hockey , '' said Charles Coplin , NHL executive vice president of content . `` Because fans around the world follow our players , our Clubs and our League , we also feel it is important to deliver local-language versions of NHL.com , and we are extremely pleased now to offer our Francophone fans that opportunity . `` The site will have local staff writers , including managing editor Arpon Basu , formerly of CTVMontreal.ca , and contributors Francois Lemenu , formerly of Le Devoir and La Presse Canadienne ; Martin Leclerc , currently with Radio-Canada and formerly of Le Journal de Montreal ; and Richard Milo , formerly of La Presse Canadienne.LNH.com advertisers at launch time include League partners Scotiabank and Canadian Tire as well as RIM , Philips , Cogeco , Dove MEN+CARE and Shoppers Drug Mart.The NHL has also introduced websites in Czech Slovak and Swedish at the start of the 2011-12 season .
Russia decided on Monday to break off some trade agreements reached during negotiations to join the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) as relations between Moscow and the West grew increasingly tense .
The move to withdraw from some of the accords reached over years of arduous talks came at a meeting of an inner circle of Cabinet ministers chaired by powerful Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
It confirmed Russia 's disillusionment with the complex negotiations needed to enter the 153-nation trade body .
“ Russia intends to inform various WTO partners of its withdrawal from accords that contradict its interests , ” First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov told Putin at Monday 's meeting , quoted by Interfax .
In response , Putin gave his assent , saying : “ That is reasonable . ”
Putin , who stood down as president in May but remains highly influential , went on to reiterate previous Russian objections , notably the effect of WTO rules on agriculture , while affirming that membership remained a goal .
“ It turns out that we do n't see or feel any pluses from membership and if there are some , we still carry a burden , ” said Putin .
“ We need to get things clear with our partners ... We need to think most seriously about protecting our manufacturers .
“ This does n't mean we should renounce our strategic course towards the WTO , but there should be some clarifications on this question ... Elementary fairness should prevail , ” said Putin .
Shuvalov said he in any case saw little chance of finishing entry negotiations within the current year .
Russian officials did not specify which accords would be scrapped .
The comments come against a background of deteriorating relations between Moscow and the West over Russia 's military surge into southern neighbour Georgia and support for separatists there , as well as over US plans for new missile defence facilities in Europe .
Putin made joining the WTO a key objective when he first became president in 2000 , but appeared increasingly frustrated with the process as his second term drew to a close and he had still not achieved membership .
As tensions have mounted over Georgia , German news magazine Der Spiegel this weekend quoted US Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez as saying Washington 's support for Russia 's WTO bid could be at stake .
Russia has been trying to join the WTO since its inception in 1995 .
Its failure to become a member makes it the only major economy outside the 153-nation trade body .
Russia achieved a milestone towards WTO entry in November 2006 when it signed a bilateral trade deal with the US .
Prior to the conflict in Georgia , Washington had insisted it was keen to see Russia join the WTO .
However , the US has yet to repeal a piece of Cold War-era legislation that still restricts trade with Russia and prevents its WTO entry , the Jackson-Vanik amendment .
In June last year , Putin called for a revolution in the world financial architecture , which he described as “ archaic , undemocratic and inflexible ” .
Negotiations on Russia 's entry have also been bogged down with its current arch-foe Georgia , which is already a member and has refused to sign off on Russia 's bid .
Another trade dispute has arisen with Finland over Russian export duties on timber , partly intended to encourage production of value-added goods like paper and furniture inside the country.—AFP
Jerry Remy 's Sports Bar & Grill in the Seaport was one of the bars cited by regulators .
The owners of some of the most popular bars in Boston received tens of thousands of dollars in illegal cash payments from a beer distributor to stock its craft brews and exclude those of competitors , Massachusetts regulators said Wednesday .
The case is the first brought by the Massachusetts Alcoholic Beverages Control Commission to enforce rules dating from the end of Prohibition that ban so-called pay-to-play practices , which can limit consumers ' choices and stifle competition by allowing larger producers to dominate the market .
At a public hearing Wednesday , the commission released the results of a lengthy investigation that detailed how the distributor , Craft Beer Guild LLC , routinely paid five major Boston restaurant and bar owners $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 for each “ dedicated ” beer tap at their bars , with the payments totaling tens of thousands of dollars a year for several of the companies .
Advertisement
An attorney for Craft Beer Guild , J . Mark Dickison , conceded the distributor had made the payments , telling the commission , “ this conduct is not something . . . that we 're proud of . ”
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Dickison said the company no longer engages in the practice but insinuated pay-to-play is widespread among other companies , adding that the alcohol industry in Massachusetts had “ run amok . ”
The ABCC accuses the distributor of offering illegal inducements and of violating a prohibition on charging different retailers different prices for the same products .
The commission will rule on the accusations later this year ; punishment could range from a fine to a suspension to revocation of the company 's state license .
Earlier Wednesday , the agency cited five bars with violating pay-to-play regulations :
Advertisement
■ Jerry Remy 's Sports Bar & Grill , in the Seaport , owned by Cronin Group
■ Estelle 's , a South End bar owned by Wilcox Group
■ Gather , in the Seaport , owned by Briar Group
■ Game On Fenway , a bar near Fenway Park owned by Lyons Group
■ Coogan 's , in the Financial District and owned by Glynn Hospitality Group .
Advertisement
All the companies operate other bars and restaurants in the Boston area . They are scheduled to answer the accusations before the ABCC at a Nov. 3 hearing .
Four of the bar owners declined to comment . Wilcox Group did not respond to requests for comment .
The commission 's report included excerpts from interviews of sales representatives and executives at Craft Brew Guild that detailed how the payments were made . Often , they were disguised on invoices the bars submitted to the distributor under code words such as “ menu programming , ” “ marketing services , ” and “ brand allocation . ”
The commission said Craft Beer Guild 's general manager , Michael Bernfield , admitted to investigators that he approved the payments and knew the practice violated ABCC regulations .
Investigators said the bar owners accepted the payments through shell companies , which had no employees or payrolls .
“ It looks like they went to a tremendous amount of trouble to hide what was going on , ” ABCC Commissioner Kathleen McNally said at the hearing . “ I 'm inferring — they knew they were breaking the law . It looks like [ the marketing companies ] were strictly vehicles to just hide the kickbacks . ”
For example , the ABCC report said Craft Beer Guild paid Lyons Group , which operates Game On Fenway , $ 12,000 in 2013 to carry Yuengling beer in its restaurants — just one of many similar payments worth thousands of dollars . The checks were made out to a company called Bank On It , which Lyons Group executive Edward Sparks told investigators was the marketing arm for the company 's restaurants . He admitted that Bank On It has no employees or payroll and claimed the payments were “ rebates . ”
Investigators said Cronin Group used a subsidiary , Rebel Restaurant Group , to accept thousands of dollars from the Craft Beer Guild .
Michael Glynn , treasurer of Glynn Group , told the ABCC that in 2013 his company took $ 27,000 in payments to carry 22 of the distributor 's beers . He said he provided Craft Beer Guild blank invoices with his company 's logo , which the distributor would then fill in .
The report said Gordon Wilcox , owner of Wilcox Group , admitted to investigators that he accepted free kegs from Craft Beer Guild and then negotiated a deal in which Craft Beer Guild would pay his company $ 1,000 per tap , or $ 20,000 annually , to be billed as “ marketing . ”
At one point , according to the ABCC , Wilcox asked Craft Beer Guild for a payment equal to 10 percent of Wilcox Group sales of the distributor 's beers — amounting to a kickback of $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 a year . The distributor 's sales representatives told investigators they balked and Wilcox retaliated by ceasing to carry any of its beers .
Craft Beer Guild is owned by Sheehan Family Cos. , a major East Coast alcohol company with subsidiaries in 13 states . The company sells major brands such as Yuengling and Lagunitas , but most of its portfolio consists of smaller craft beers from brewers such as Boston Beer Works and Wachusett Brewing Co .
At the hearing Wednesday , Dickison told the commission that the bar owners initiated the illegal conduct by demanding payments from Craft Beer Guild . But ABCC officials said the bar owners , in turn , have blamed the distributor .
“ It does n't matter who approached who , ” ABCC chairwoman Kim Gainsboro said at the hearing . “ The conduct is illegal either way . They have engaged in a ruse and subterfuge , it looks like . ”
In the report , Craft Beer Guild sales manager Craig Corthell admitted the payments were “ kickbacks ” in exchange for committed tap lines . He also said his company would then bill the brewer of each beer for its share of the payment .
No brewers have been cited in the investigation .
Dickison challenged the legal basis for the ABCC 's case against Craft Beer Guild , saying changes in the state 's alcohol laws made by the Legislature long ago rendered the regulations invalid .
In a statement , the company assailed the state for having a confusing regulatory scheme but said it would not dispute the facts of the ABCC 's case .
Craft Beer Guild “ has opted not to go through a prolonged hearing process challenging unclear and confusing regulations and has instead chosen to wait for the commission 's decision on the matter and renew its focus on providing craft beer to the Boston market , ” the company said .
Small brewers have long complained that pay-to-play is rampant in Massachusetts . They say it unfairly limits consumer choice and harms local brewers who can not afford to pay bars and liquor stores to stock their beers .
The investigation began in 2014 after craft brewer Dann Paquette , of Pretty Things Beer and Ale Project Inc. , complained in a Twitter rant about the Wilcox group demanding payments from his company , based in Somerville . The ABCC subsequently obtained documents that appeared to show Paquette 's distributor , Craft Beer Guild , being billed $ 4,700 every six months by another bar owner , Briar Group , to carry its beers in its Boston bars .
Paquette declined to comment .
Dan Adams can be reachedat dadams @ globe.com Follow him on Twitter @ DanielAdams86
For the blind , navigating the digital world can be as tricky as moving through the physical one .
Some companies have tried to make their sites easier for the world 's 39 million blind people to use . Facebook , for instance , just introduced a new image-recognition feature that lets blind users `` see '' photos on the site .
But blind advocates say fixes like Facebook 's do n't solve the biggest obstacles blind people face online .
`` We think it 's pretty cool , '' Mark Riccobono , the president of the National Federation of the Blind , told The Huffington Post . `` But we get concerned about flashy technology . ''
`` For the average blind person , it 's not whether they know something is in a photo or not that determines whether they can do online banking , pay their bills or buy groceries , '' said Riccobono , who is blind .
Even as the Internet becomes an increasingly necessary feature of modern life , much of the web is difficult for blind people to use effectively .
A range of technologies exist to help blind people navigate the web . Braille keyboards and text-to-speech programs convert text to audio , which allows blind people to consume information on the web aurally . The devices can also transform speech into text , which allows blind people to `` type . '' These devices often work well with thoughtfully designed websites . But they hit snags when sites have elements that are n't clearly labeled or are incompatible with keyboard shortcuts , which blind people rely on .
`` Websites that have been designed from the beginning with accessibility in mind are easy for blind people to use -- they 're easy to navigate , you can jump around pretty effectively and get information as effectively as a sighted person , '' Riccobono said . But , he said , many sites still have `` artificial barriers '' that make performing basic online tasks difficult for blind users .
One of the biggest barriers is unclear labeling . In order to describe what 's on a given webpage , text-to-speech programs comb through the source code for labels that describe the page 's elements . They then say those labels aloud . If elements are n't clearly labeled in the source code -- if a checkout button , say , is just labeled `` image '' -- it can make navigating the page very frustrating for users who rely on spoken descriptions to move around the site .
`` If I go on an e-commerce website and put stuff in my cart , but get to the payment screen and have trouble because the checkout button 's not labeled -- that 's a high degree of frustration , '' Riccobono said .
Web developers can use accessibility guidelines for blind users when designing their websites . But even when they refer to those guidelines , web companies do n't always do a good job implementing them , Riccobono said .
`` If you do n't test [ your code ] for accessibility , and a problem arises and it 's not dealt with , then the code gets launched anyway , '' he said . Once finalized , it can be difficult to retrofit websites to improve accessibility .
We need to do in the digital world the same thing we 've done in the physical world . Mark Riccobono , National Federation of the Blind
Blind advocates have urged the Obama administration to update the Americans with Disabilities Act to include explicit standards for web accessibility for blind users . While President Barack Obama initially seemed amenable to the standards -- in 2010 , he named them among “ the most important updates to the ADA since its original enactment ” -- last year his administration quietly postponed consideration of new web accessibility standards until 2018 .
For Riccobono , updating the ADA is a necessary step toward equal access for the blind .
A stone age axe head , believed to be 7,000 years old , has been uncovered in Derry .
The artefact was found on freshly ploughed land on the banks of the River Foyle near Thornhill College . The suspected axe head was spotted by a man walking his dog in the area and he took the item home .
Local archaeologist Ian Leitch believes the item dates from the Mesolithic period or middle stone age and was around 7,000 years old .
And he believes the finds significant in terms of the wider archaeology of the area . `` The axe head from Culmore suggests that there may be a mesolithic site on or near to the find spot . It may have been dropped or lost by its owner while out hunting on land near the river . ''
He added : `` The stone axe head is made from mudstone , measures around six centimetres in size and is in quite good condition . ''
Mr Leitch paid tribute to the finder for alerting him to the find . He added : `` It is important that such an artefact is reported and properly recorded . ''
Last summer archaeologists unearthed eight neolithic ( new stone age ) sites in Derry , some more than 5,000 years old .
The exciting discoveries were made during work on the new Maydown dual carriageway and included a pair of well-preserved 5,000 years-old Neolithic houses and 4,000 years-old Bronze Age burial places known as 'ring-ditches ' .
The earliest known mesolithic site in Ireland was excavated at Mount Sandel ( around 9,000 years old ) on the banks of the River Bann in Coleraine in the 1970s .
Fox host Judge Jeanine Pirro attacks Obama and defends Putin because the Russian dictator is a Christian willing to kill Muslims .
In a blistering rant Pirro responded to President Obama 's order that US intelligence agencies investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election with name calling and a misguided defense of Vladimir Putin , a dangerous Russian dictator .
Dismissing any notion of the loyal opposition and rejecting any questions concerning Trump 's legitimacy , Pirro began her rant by arguing “ it 's time to take sides ” and “ you 're either with us or against us ” :
Look , it 's time to take sides . The election is over . You 're either with us or against us . That is , with the United States or against The United States . We have a new president-elect . His name is Donald J. Trump .
Pirro then offered some childish insults :
So move over Barack , move over Hillary , Harry , Jill and all you namby-pamby , pathetic losers still crying in your grande , double-shot skinny lattes .
Insulting the left and making the false claim that the county was united after Obama was elected in 2008 and 2012 Pirro said :
There was a time in this country when we united behind the flag in celebration of America 's new president . Our new leader : We all did so in 2008 when Barack Obama was elected . We had high hopes for a united country , irrespective of our politics . And it 's time for the left , assuming they 're capable , to show the same dignity and class to the 45th president-elect .
Pirro went on :
This is n't about the election is it , Mr. President ? This is about domestic politics . It 's not about November , 2016 . It 's about January , 2017 and your attempt to prevent Donald Trump from the smooth transition of power and your inability to face the overwhelming electoral college win that the American people gave him .
At one point Pirro asked :
Why are you so obsessed with Russia ?
Pirro continued :
You , who cut a deal and were made a fool of by the world 's largest sponsor of terrorism , Iran . You know , the one that funds Hezbollah and Hamas and whose people yell ‘ Death to America . ' … But you 're obsessed with the Russian who at least is a Christian , who himself is obsessed with killing ISIS .
Bottom line : Pirro 's rant is a facile and juvenile attempt to dismiss the very real probability that the Russians played a nefarious and decisive role in the 2016 presidential election . The fact that she is willing to overlook Putin 's role in subverting the U.S. election because he is a Christian willing to kill Muslims is a sad commentary on the demented pundits lack of moral compass and patriotism .
( H/T NewsHounds )
North Korea is not cooperating with Swedish requests for consular talks with Kenneth Bae , Voice of America ( VOA ) said on Tuesday .
Sweden 's Embassy in Pyongyang , which is acting on behalf of Washington in the absence of a U.S. embassy in North Korea , said it had not met with Kenneth Bae for over three months , VOA said .
Swedish officials last met with Kenneth Bae on April 18 , over three months ago .
Previously , Swedish embassy staff had met with Kenneth Bae at least once every two months , VOA said .
The lack of consular access is noteworthy because Swedish officials had spoken to the North Korean side as frequently as every ten days throughout the months of April and May .
VOA confirmed the news with the U.S. State Department , who said that the Swedish Embassy was continuing to request consular talks on their behalf .
Kenneth Bae 's mother , Myunghee Bae , told VOA she was frustrated that North Korea was not providing updates on her son 's health condition .
Nearly a month ago North Korea announced it would try two other U.S. nationals currently detained for “ hostile acts ” against the nation .
24 year old Matthew Todd Miller was arrested in April for trying to claim asylum upon arrival in Pyongyang , while 56-year old Jeffrey Fowle was arrested in June for reportedly leaving a bible in a hotel .
Kenneth Bae , arrested in November 2012 , is the longest serving American prisoner in North Korea .
Picture : KCNA
September 21 , 2017
Seth and Sutton Sharp
When the Busch Grand National Series left Dover Downs International Speedway in September of 1986 , Jack Ingram had his sights set on yet another Series title . Despite a disappointing 15th place finish , Ingram still held a 250 point lead in the standings with only five races remaining on the schedule .
Before Ingram arrived at the Martinsville Speedway , he took part in the North Carolina State Late Model Championship race at New Asheville Speedway . Ingram dominated the start of the event , leading the first 141 laps before being passed for the lead by Ronnie Pressley . Ingram and Pressley made contact the following lap , costing Ingram a chance at the victory and infuriating Ingram in the process .
Ingram turned his car around on the track and rammed his car head on into Pressley 's car , sending Pressley to the hospital . Ingram was escorted from his car by police officers , but before they could reach their destination a fight broke out between crew members .
When all the dust settled , Ingram faced three counts of assault on a law-enforcement officer and one count of disorderly conduct . Although the incident did not take place in a Busch Series event , Ingram was suspended for the following two races for conduct detrimental to auto racing . He was also handed a hefty fine .
Championship contender Larry Pearson took advantage of Ingram 's issues , finishing second at Martinsville and winning at Orange County . Ingram returned from his two-race suspension at Charlotte , sitting third in points , 75 points behind new leader Brett Bodine . Pearson sat second , only seven points back of Bodine .
Over the season 's final three races , Ingram finished 15th , 31st and 8th , as Pearson edged Bodine by seven points to win his first career Series title .
Forbes Magazine — yep , the leading business publication with a readership of 6.7 million — touts Wenatchee as one of “ 25 Best Places to Retire in 2017 . ”
WENATCHEE — The not-so-hush-hush secret of Wenatchee as a retirement mecca was recently trumpeted nationwide .
Forbes Magazine — yep , the leading business publication with a readership of 6.7 million — touts Wenatchee as one of “ 25 Best Places to Retire in 2017. ” The Apple Capital of the World squeezes onto the list with the likes of Boise , Idaho ; Colorado Springs , Colorado ; Lincoln , Nebraska ; and Savannah , Georgia .
“ Scenic , sunny Columbia River city of 33,000 , 150 miles east of Seattle on the very dry side of the Cascade Mountain Range , ” says Forbes about Wenatchee . In its favor , said the magazine , Wenatchee has a median home price of $ 225,000 ( which is low in the world of Forbes ) , lots of good doctors per capita , minimal rain and a high ranking on a national list of the best cities for successful aging .
Not so good : A cost of living that 's 11 percent above the national average and a state-imposed estate/inheritance tax , not a favorite feature of senior citizens .
In an article accompanying the “ best ” list , Forbes said that aging baby boomers will boost the number of U.S. retirees each year to over 4 million . They 're also a particular bunch , said the magazine , and willing to relocate to areas with lower living costs or ones that better suit their retirement plans for recreation , culture , education , family or even working part-time .
Forbes said it evaluated info on 550 communities in all 50 states . “ We strove to find places that provide what we think is the best retirement value — meaning costs , including housing costs and taxes , play a big role in our choices , ” said author William P. Barrett . “ But we also look at access to medical care ; quality of life indicators ( including crime and air quality ) ; and factors which can make for a healthy and fulfilling retirement , including opportunities for volunteering and exercise . ”
Most of the 25 best places are in warm-weather states , noted Forbes , “ but hardier climates have their advocates ” especially when the cities also rank high in health care , transportation and community engagement .
That 's where Wenatchee comes in — hot in summer with lots of sunshine , cold in winter with lots of snow . Also : our fair city has a fairly low unemployment rate ( 4 percent in June ) , a manageable if not dramatically low cost of living , opportunities for outdoor activities ( such as , walking the Apple Capital Recreation Loop Trail ) and “ an appealing outdoor environment , ” according to Forbes .
Big cities did n't fair well on the “ best ” lists , said the magazine , because of higher incidences of violent crime — above the national average of 373 violent crimes per year for every 100,000 of population . Wenatchee is at about 155 , according to several websites .
Bicycle touring for a sustained period of time is a funny old thing . It is freedom . It is frustration . It is joy . It is really a range of everything you can get thrown at you , erm , being thrown at you . Here 's a little photo journal of what you might expect if you saddle up and live off a bike for a while .
Mechanical Issues
During these moments , riders will often be heard feeling sorry for themselves by muttering / screaming such phrases as , “ F * ? k this ! ” or “ Not again ! ” or “ Just give me a break for one day ! ” or “ Not dealing with it . I 'm done . Totally done . Where 's the nearest burrito shop ? ”
Ambiguous Sleeping Arrangements
It 's 9PM , 10PM , 1AM . You have n't got a clue where you are . Your eyelids are heavy . You need to stop . You 'll want to sleep A LOT . Fear not though – spend long enough living on a bicycle and you will become a sleep ninja . You will become a hawk , being able to spot possible places to sleep from a mile away . Your sixth sense will develop , and you 'll become comfortable not being comfortable . You might even wake up in a nice spot occasionally . Popular phrases during these times include : “ This bench will do ” , and , “ No way will there be a park ranger who kicks the tent at 4.30AM . Absolutely not . ”
Lots of Empty and Enjoyable Roads
You know , those roads that keep going right the way to the horizon . These are either total bliss ( if you 're in a good mood ) or hell on earth ( if you 're in a bad mood ) . Either way they become some of the magical moments that , after all is said and done , will always provide memories that will make you daydream and sometimes miss road life . Phrases during these times include : “ No one will hear me singing Bat Out Of Hell here , surely not ” , and , “ It 's flat and straight . There 's absolutely no way anything can go wrong on this stretch . ”
Teaming up with new pals
Who is that in the distance ? They look like pannier bags . Maybe they are . Finally , after weeks and weeks , you 're not a loner anymore ! It 's another person on a bike ! These times are wonderful . They take you out of your own head and often form the experiences which you 'll cherish forever . Someone once said , “ Happiness only real when shared ” , and they were right . Phrases during these times include : “ Want to stop for a beer ? ” and “ Want to stop for lunch ? ”
All In All , A Jolly Good Time
It will sometimes suck . You will sometimes wake up in an ants nest . You will miss home . It will make you question yourself . But , it will be one of the best times of your life . That 's why you should consider doing it .
In the beginning , there was a binary tree :
struct ctree { // c for children int val ; struct ctree * left ; struct ctree * right ; }
The flow of pointers ran naturally from the root of the tree to the leaves , and it was easy as blueberry pie to walk to the children of a node .
Unfortunately , given a node , there was no good way to find out its parent ! If you only needed efficient parent access , though , you could just use a single pointer in the other direction :
struct ptree { // p for parent int val ; struct ptree * parent ; }
The flow of pointers then ran from the leaves of the tree to the root :
And of course , put together , you could have the best of both worlds :
struct btree { int val ; struct btree * parent ; struct btree * left ; struct btree * right ; }
Our data structure had become circular , but as a result we had extremely efficient ways to walk up and down the tree , as well as insert , delete and move nodes , simply by mutating the relevant pointers on our node , its children and its parent .
Trouble in paradise . Pointer tricks are fine and good for the mutable story , but we want immutable nodes . We want nodes that wo n't change under our nose because someone else decided to muck around the pointer .
In the case of ctree , we can use a standard practice called path copying , where we only need to change the nodes in the path to the node that changed .
In fact , path copying is just a specific manifestation of the rule of immutable updates : if you replace ( i.e . update ) something , you have to replace anything that points to it , recursively . In a ptree , we 'd need to know the subtree of the updated node and change all of them .
But btree fails pretty spectacularly :
Our web of pointers has meant we need to replace every single node in the tree ! The extra circular pointers work to our detriment when looking for a persistent update .
What we 'd like to do is somehow combine the ptree and the ctree more intelligently , so we do n't end up with a boat of extra pointers , but we still can find the children and the parent of a node .
Here , we make the critical simplifying assumption : we only care about efficient access of parents and children as well as updates of a single node . This is not actually a big deal in a world of immutable data structures : the only reason to have efficient updates on distinct nodes is to have a modification made by one code segment show up in another , and the point of immutability is to stop that spooky action at a distance .
So , on a single node , we want fast access to the parent and children and fast updates . Fast access means we need pointers going away from this node , fast updates means we need to eliminate pointers going into this node .
Easy ! Just flip some pointers ( shown in red . )
Congratulations , the data structure you see here is what we call a zipper ! The only task left for us now is to figure out how we might actually encode this in a struct definition . In the process , we 'll assign some names to the various features inside this diagram .
Let 's consider a slightly more complicated example :
We 've introduced a few more notational conveniences : triangles represent the tree attached to a given node when we do n't care about any of its subnodes . The squares are the values attached to any given node ( we 've shown them explicitly because the distinction between the node and its data is important . ) The red node is the node we want to focus around , and we 've already gone and flipped the necessary pointers ( in red ) to make everything else accessible .
When we 're at this location , we can either traverse the tree , or go up the red arrow pointed away from the green node ; we 'll call the structure pointed to by this arrow a context . The combination of a tree and a context gives us a location in the zipper .
struct loc { struct ctree * tree ; struct context * context ; }
The context , much like the tree , is a recursive data-structure . In the diagram below , it is precisely the node shaded in black . It 's not a normal node , though , since it 's missing one of its child pointers , and may contain a pointer to its own parent .
The particular one that this location contains is a `` right context '' , that is , the arrow leading to the context points to the right ( shown in black in the following diagram ) .
As you can see , for our tree structure , a context contains another context , a tree , and a value .
Similarly , a `` left context '' corresponds to an arrow pointing to the left . It contains the same components , although it may not be quite obvious from the diagram here : where 's the recursive subcontext ? Well , since we 're at the top of the tree , instead we have a `` top context '' , which does n't contain any values . It 's the moral equivalent of Nothing .
enum context_type { LEFT , RIGHT , TOP } struct context { enum context_type type ; // below only filled for LEFT and RIGHT int val ; struct context * context ; struct ctree * tree ; }
And there we have it ! All the pieces you need to make a zipper :
> data Tree a = Nil | Node a ( Tree a ) ( Tree a ) > data Loc a = Loc ( Tree a ) ( Context a ) > data Context a = Top > | Left a ( Tree a ) ( Context a ) > | Right a ( Tree a ) ( Context a )
Exercises :
Write functions to move up , down-left and down-right our definition of Tree . If we had the alternative tree definition data Tree a = Leaf a | Branch Tree a ) ( Tree a ) , how would our context definition change ? Write the data and context types for a linked list .
Further reading : The original crystallization of this pattern can be found in Huet 's paper ( PDF ) , and two canonical sources of introductory material are at Wikibooks and Haskell Wiki . From there , there is a fascinating discussion about how the differentiation of a type results in a zipper ! See Conor 's paper ( PDF ) , the Wikibooks article , and also Edward Kmett 's post on using generating functions to introduce more exotic datatypes to the discussion .
Rexdale W. Henry , 53 , long-time civil-rights activist and beloved leader in his Choctaw community , was found dead in his cell in the Neshoba County Jail in Philadelphia , Miss. , sparking family and friends to seek an independent autopsy , reports Jackson Free Press .
SEE ALSO :
Rest In Peace : Twitter Reacts To Bobbi Kristina Brown 's Death
2nd Inmate Speaks Out About Sandra Bland
Henry 's body was found at around 10:00 a.m. on the morning of July 14 , about 30 minutes after he was last seen alive . The Mississippi Bureau of Investigation is allegedly investigating the case , but , knowing the history of Neshoba County , Henry 's supporters ( justifiably ) are n't satisfied with just that .
Henry 's body was flown to Florida for an independent autopsy paid for by anonymous donors . His friends , long-time civil rights activists John Steele and Diane Nash , co-founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) , are helping Henry 's family with their independent probe .
Read below for more from the Jackson Free Press :
Henry , a member of the Choctaw tribe and a lifelong community activist , coached stickball and had been a candidate for the Choctaw Tribal Council from Bogue Chitto the week before his arrest on July 9 for failure to pay a fine . “ At a time when the nation is focused on the terrible circumstances of the brutal death of Sandra Bland , it is critical to expose the many ways in which Black Americans , Native Americans and other minorities are being arrested for minor charges and end up dead in jail cells , ” McDonald said in a statement .
This is not the first time that an activist has turned up dead after a stay in the Neshoba County Jail .
On June 21 , during the Freedom Summer of 1964 , three civil-rights activists—James Chaney , Andrew Goodman and Mickey Schwerner— were booked into the Neshoba County Jail on minor ( and bogus ) charges . The trio soon vanished and their bodies were discovered in a dam 44 days after they went missing .
The jail has since been moved , but its legacy remains firmly rooted in 1964 and Mississippi is still burning .
Though it often flies under the radar , Native-Americans are killed by police at a higher rate than any other demographic in this country .
Indianz reports :
According to the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice , Native Americans ages 25-35 , 35-44 and 20-24 represent four of the top five groups most likely to be killed in law enforcement incidents . They accounted for 1.9 percent of victims in police killings even though they represent less than 1 percent of the entire population. ” The racial group most likely to be killed by law enforcement is Native Americans , followed by African Americans , Latinos , Whites , and Asian Americans , ” the August 2014 report stated .
Henry 's family continues to search for answers .
SEE ALSO :
Spelman College Severs Ties With Bill Cosby
The Watchers : Feds Have Been Monitoring Black Lives Matter Activists Since Ferguson
DOE Releases Statement On NYC Principal Who Committed Suicide Amid Common Core Scandal
Also On News One :
The six-page memo , by the German foreign office , argues that Europe 's economic powerhouses should be able to intervene in how beleaguered eurozone countries are run .
The confidential blueprint sets out Germany 's plan to tackle the eurozone debt crisis by creating a “ stability union ” that will be “ immediately followed by moves “ on the way towards a political union ” .
It will prompt fears that Germany 's euro crisis plans could result in a European super-state with spending and tax plans set in Brussels .
The proposals urge that the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM ) , a eurozone bailout fund that will be established by the end of next year , should be transformed into a version of the International Monetary Fund for the EU .
The European Monetary Fund ( EMF ) would be able to take full fiscal control of a failing country , including taking countries into receivership .
The leaked document , The Future of the EU : Required Integration Policy Improvements for the Creation of a Stability Union , comes as David Cameron meets Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , in Berlin today to talk about treaty changes and the eurozone crisis .
The German plan begins with a proposal to create “ automatic sanctions ” that could be imposed on euro members spending beyond targets set by the European Commission . Germany is demanding that if euro rules are “ consistently violated ” , it should be able to demand action from the European Court of Justice .
Germany , Finland , Austria and the Netherlands would be able to ask EU courts to impose sanctions , from fines to the loss of budgetary sovereignty , to protect the euro .
The memo states the EMF would be given “ real intervention rights ” in the budgets of euro members who have received EU-IMF bailouts .
Open Europe , a think tank , has called for Mr Cameron to demand concessions from Mrs Merkel in exchange for the plans , which need the consent of all 27 EU countries , giving Britain a veto .
This mod is no longer being maintained ! No more feature requests or bug reports will be accepted !
About
This mod allows island creation for servers running Skyblock packs on 1.10.2 or above ( e.g . Sky Factory 3 , Project Ozone Lite , All The Sky , SkyExchange , etc . )
I know there are simliar mods out there , but I specially made this mod for a streamer at first for some additional features that other mods do n't have ( i.e . various different commands ) . Then I decided to release this mod publicly for general use .
Features
Supports generating Garden of Glass islands , single tree islands , or even single grass block ! ( More island types coming soon along with custom islands )
Easy-to-use commands , supports command blocks
Configurable amount of islands to control your server easily
Joining your friend 's island and play together ! ( Made for community servers )
100 % Forge mod , no SpongeForge or Spigot needed
Only required to be installed on server side , while installing this mod on client side is optional but you 're able to use this mod with `` Open to LAN '' in singleplayer
Commands
/skyislands_create < name > - Creates an island , operators only
/skyislands_delete < name > - Removes an island , operators only
/skyislands_join < name > - Join an island
/skyislands_rename < old name > < new name > - Renames an island , operators only
/skyislands_setspawn < name > [ x ] [ y ] [ z ] - Set a new island spawn
/skyislands_list - Gives you a list of islands
/skyislands_save - Saves islands to a file for backups , operators only
Source Code & License
This mod is Open-Source .
You can find the source code on GitHub .
This mod is under the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 ( LGPLv3 ) .
Using this mod in modpacks
You are allowed to use this mod in any modpacks you would like .
Although Katrina is heralded as a powerful witch and the love of Ichabod 's life , all Sleepy Hollow fans have ever seen her do is being held captive and literally birth evil into the world ( twice ) . Her lack of direction has been blamed for Sleepy 's ratings decline in Season 2 , while viewers ' annoyance with the character has continued to grow . And the truth is , Katia Winter does n't blame them .
The actress gets candid with TVGuide.com about what it 's been like to play the controversial character and admits that even she has had trouble rooting for Katrina sometimes . However , Winter also reveals there are big changes ahead that might just be what it takes to change viewers ' minds .
Read our full Q & A with Winter to find out what 's next :
Last week 's episode ended with a big twist between Henry and Katrina . What can you reveal about where that story line is going to go ?
Katia Winter : It 's going to take some big turns on Monday , for sure . I think for me , doing Katrina for nearly two years now , this has been the most fun toward the end of the season because I think she finally finds a purpose and somebody that 's completely and utterly on her side . And she , for the first time , will take a stand in Episode 17 . And she really finds her feet in the show . So I think hopefully fans will like it . I certainly enjoyed playing that aspect of Katrina and I really liked the direction it 's going .
On the set : Go behind the scenes of Sleepy Hollow
The week before , we had finally gotten a Katrina story line that focused on her family 's past rather than Katrina 's romantic one . How did you feel when you saw that the show was going to explore that ?
Winter : Great . I mean , I 'd been pushing for Katrina to do more magic since Day 1 and finally , they 've listened . And I think the fans have been wanting to see more of that too , because she 's a witch . It 's been fun to explore and see her family and her family line of witches and stuff . I think that 's a reminder of how important that is for her . Ichabod does n't understand it . When she meets the warlock , even though he 's considered evil , he points that out to her . He says , `` Look . You 're like me . You should tap into your true magic . '' And I think she , especially in Episode 15 , is kind of dumbfounded . She starts to reevaluate her life and the choices that she 's made . I think she starts to really doubt that the choices that she did make were the right ones and maybe she does n't belong here . Maybe she belongs somewhere else . And she 's starting to explore that , obviously with the help of Henry , who is a very strong pull for her . There 's nothing like a mother 's love for her child . I think it 's definitely heading into a good direction .
Is this a chance Katrina could switch sides ?
Winter : Definitely . There 's absolutely a chance . Good and evil , it 's all a matter of perspective . Evil does n't necessarily have to mean evil in Katrina 's eyes . It 's the reasoning behind it and taking a stand for something . And what she 's done so far in Season 2 has n't really worked for her . So maybe it 's just a matter of accepting one 's true self or maybe just exploring that side and seeing how that works out .
Why do you think they 've kept Katrina away from her magical powers for so long ?
Winter : I 've been asking myself the very same question . I do n't know . I 've been able to use it at times . I think maybe they 've been scared of making things too easy or making me too powerful . And also there 's a reason for why she has n't really been able to tap into the very , very , strong magic . Maybe because she 's been using the wrong type of magic , which the warlock points out to her . So once she starts exploring that , there 's an immense power . But then there 's also a sacrifice coming with that .
If she does align herself with Henry , how will Ichabod react ?
Winter : Wait until Monday , then you 'll see ! Not so well . Obviously , he feels betrayed and has been betrayed by Katrina many times . But it 's her point of view . She does n't see it that way . She 's frustrated because nobody seems to understand that she did all those things for the greater good , for the bigger picture . She 's not necessarily focused on these little things . I think this will probably be the ultimate betrayal in Ichabod 's eyes , but it 's a betrayal on both sides .
Tom Mison says Ichabod is `` completely in love '' with Abbie
Knowing that she is going to betray Ichabod again in Monday 's episode , are you a little nervous about the fan reaction ?
Winter : Maybe . Yeah , a little bit . I think it pans out . She does n't really have a choice . And I 'm hoping fans will be on board with the direction she 's going . But it 's always going to be mixed . There 's always a divide . I am prepared for that .
Why do you think fans have had such a hard time connecting to and rooting for Katrina ? Winter : God , I 've had a hard time at times . I 'm doing the best with what I 've given . I 'm not in control over the story lines , so I 've at times been frustrated with certain things . So I totally see why it 's been difficult for fans . Because Katrina was n't really established in Season 1 . She came out of Purgatory in Season 2 and Ichabod already has a relationship with Abbie that works great and they have great chemistry . I think Katrina has n't really had her purpose until this point . She 's been a source , an asset , in moments and times , and she 's been torn between Ichabod and Headless . She 's been trying to do this good thing , but she always seems to upset people . There 's always someone upset with Katrina . Her son or Ichabod or Abbie or Headless , you know ? She seems to be in that situation a lot , which has been frustrating on all ends . She might go to the evil side , but still that 's a strong choice . She has n't really had that strength that I think people expect from a witch . Especially because it 's been said so many times in the series , `` She 's got so much power ! '' and then she has n't been able to prove it yet . So I think that 's where a lot of the frustration lies . And also the fact that a lot of people do n't like the idea of Ichabod being with someone else other than Abbie . That does n't help .
What do you think of the idea of Ichabod and Abbie getting together ?
Winter : Um ... I do n't think that 's ever been the plan . But I do see why people like them together . Their chemistry is great and the way the characters are written , it 's really cool . I 'm all for Abbie in that sense . People want them to get together romantically , [ but ] it would be a whole other show . Keeping Ichabbie for what it is now is great . And then whether Katrina will still exist or not , that 's another question . But yeah , I 'm all Ichabbie . I think they 're definitely a good team . That 's why they 've had so many issues also , because Katrina is not Ichabod 's partner in that sense anymore .
Sleepy Hollow still has n't been renewed for Season 3 . Is the cast and crew optimistic ?
Winter : I think so . We 'll see after these last two episodes , but I think so . Even though the ratings have dropped this year , we still have a good fan base out there . I 'm thinking it 's looking fairly good .
If it does get renewed , do you think there will still be a space in the show for Katrina ?
Winter : Yeah , we 've talked about that . ... It depends on what direction , what they want to do with her . I think that 's a really important thing to discuss because it 's been a tricky character to fit into this show now . I do n't know . If we can agree on something that would be great , then yes . But if not , then it might be time to move on . Who knows ? I do n't know . It 's too early to tell .
Are you excited to see Katrina finally get a purpose ? Or do you hope she leaves Sleepy Hollow for good ?
VIDEO : Sleepy Hollow cast weigh in on the Abbie vs. Katrina debate .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Dec. 6 , 2014 , 3:59 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 6 , 2014 , 4:11 PM GMT
A man who stabbed four people on an Amtrak train in Michigan , including a conductor , was apprehended Friday night , police said . Michael Darnell Williams , 44 , was charged with four counts of assault and intent to murder , Niles Police Chief Jim Millin told NBC News . Williams is being held on $ 1 million bail , according to NBC Chicago .
The suspect first boarded the train in Chicago . Michigan police responded to a call from Amtrak Chicago around 7 p.m. advising they had a man on the train who was `` talking to himself , acting strangely and acting agitated , '' Millin said at a news conference Friday . When police arrived at the train when it was stopped near Niles , north of South Bend , Indiana , the knife attack was already taking place . Officers rushed onto the train and shot the suspect with a Taser before arresting him .
One female , two male passengers and a male conductor were injured during the stabbing spree , Millin said . One victim was in serious condition after being stabbed in the chest area , he added .
Police said the suspect was traveling alone and did not release a motive for the assault . A bystander told WNDU that the man first attacked a male passenger before going after the female victim .
`` I was like 'Oh my God , he 's punching the guy . I saw him bring his fist back up and I noticed there was something in his fist resembling a knife blade and bring it back down , '' the passenger on the train from Chicago to Port Huron , Michigan , told NBC affiliate WNDU .
Amtrak said in a statement that they were assisting in the investigation and would find alternate transportation for the 172 passengers on the train .
SOCIAL
— Daniella Silva , Elisha Fieldstadt and Phil Helsel
DLTK 's Crafts for Kids
Paper Plate Raccoon Craft contributed by Leanne Guenther
This adorable raccoon craft uses a printable template and a paper plate to make a project suitable for a forest animal , mammals , or letter R theme or just for fun .
If you cut out holes instead of using the template eyes , you can convert your raccoon craft to a raccoon mask . Attach a paint stir stick or tongue depressor to allow your child to hold it up to their face .
Materials :
grey paint and paintbrush ,
paper plate ,
something to color with ( or color printer ) ,
scissors ,
glue ,
paper ,
printer ,
Optional : You can substitute large wiggly eyes for the template eyes .
for the template eyes . Optional : Black paint for the raccoon 's mask .
Optional FOR MASK : Paint Stir Stick , thin strip of wood or Tongue Depressor .
Instructions :
Paint the bottom of the paper plate gray .
Print out the craft template of choice .
Color ( if using the black and white version of the craft ) and cut out the template pieces . Most of the pieces are simple enough shapes for young children to cut out , but if needed , an adult can help with some of the harder pieces ( the ears and the hair ) .
Glue the pieces to the plate to make a raccoon face : Glue the raccoon 's mask across the center of the paper plate ( or paint a black mask across the center of the paper plate ) . Glue the ears onto either side of the head . Glue the hair onto the center top of the head . Glue the eyes onto the mask ( or cut out holes for eyes in a mask ) . Glue the eyebrows above the eyes . Glue the nose under the eyes . Glue the mouth under the nose .
Optional : If making a mask , use masking tape or duct tape to attach a thin strip of wood , a Tongue Depressor or a Paint Stir Stick ( often free at paint supply and home repair stores -- no more than $ 1 -- we get dad to pick one up now and then when he 's at home depot admiring the tools * grin * )
Print friendly version of these instructions
One good deed inspires another , it appears .
After Glen James , a homeless Boston man , returned a backpack full of about $ 40,000 in cash and traveler 's checks to its owner , a fund-raiser for the good Samaritan , with a goal of raising $ 50,000 , was set up by a Midlothian , Va. , man who has never been to Boston .
In under 24 hours , the “ GoFundMe '' website , made by Ethan Whittington , 27 , raised more than $ 20,000 .
Glen James ( Matthew J. Lee/Globe Staff )
“ It started with wanting to help a in a small way , and now we can help them in a large way , '' said Whittington , who found James 's story on the Internet yesterday . He set up the account around 3 or 4 p.m. After tweeting the link to the page a few times , Whittington said the donations started pouring in . He decided that because James returned $ 40,000 , he deserved $ 50,000 .
Advertisement
“ It 's a good amount of money to get your feet off the ground , '' said Whittington who is brainstorming during the next week or so the safest way to get the money to Boston . James and Whittington had just spoken on the phone for the first time around 1 p.m. today .
“ He sounded happy , '' said Whittington . James thanked him and expressed concerns about the publicity of receiving a large sum of money .
The two are trying to devise a plan for the donations . Whittington wants James to think of what he needs , whether it 's medical assistance , housing , clothes , food , or furniture .
“ The way fund-raising is going right now , the sky is the limit , '' said Whittington . Many of the donations have been sent anonymously , but Whittington is receiving huge amounts of positive feedback through e-mail .
“ We 've all been in that situation when we 've lost something , '' he said .
Boston police held a ceremony to honor James yesterday , where he received a citation and praise from Commissioner Edward Davis .
James had found the backpack at South Bay plaza Saturday , and flagged down police to return it to its rightful owner .
After deconstructing a mostly barren roster when he arrived in Oakland four years ago , general manager Reggie McKenzie began reconstructing a solid foundation with Derek Carr and Khalil Mack last offseason .
The early returns out of Raiders OTAs suggest McKenzie hit on another long-term building block in Amari Cooper .
The No . 4 overall pick has reportedly been the `` real deal '' , showing a veteran 's savviness in offseason practices .
Alabama sources have told NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport that they believed Cooper was the best and most NFL-ready receiver the school has ever produced -- including Falcons superstar Julio Jones .
McKenzie , who cut his teeth in the Packers ' front office , views Cooper as a bigger Randall Cobb , per Rapoport .
Carr 's new No . 1 receiver is more than just a consolation prize after McKenzie missed out on his chance to recruit Cobb in free agency three months ago .
Which other rookies have been generating buzz in OTAs and minicamps ? Here is a rundown of 20 players from around the league :
1 . First-round wide receiver Phillip Dorsett has inspired a steady stream of hype since offseason practices began . The former University of Miami star has impressed not only with his blazing speed , but also with his attitude and intelligence . After watching Dorsett the past month , beat writer Mike Chappell is convinced the rookie will `` cut into somebody 's playing time this season . ''
2 . Before Davante Parker underwent foot surgery earlier this month , Dolphins linebacker Jelani Jenkins lauded the rookie wide receiver as `` an animal '' who `` goes and gets the ball wherever it is . ''
3 . Kevin White has stood out in drills , but he 's not yet running with the Bears ' first-team offense .
4 . After spending last week 's OTAs with the second team , Jameis Winston wrapped up Thursday 's practice running the first-team offense . Winston is fully expected to be the starter when training camp opens in late July .
5 . The Titans have been thrilled with what they have seen from Marcus Mariota this spring . `` He is deadly accurate , '' wide receivers coach Shawn Jefferson raved . `` I am just giddy about his future going forward . ... He 's the real deal . ''
6 . Titans second-round wide receiver Dorial Green-Beckham missed most of rookie camp and the first seven OTAs with a hamstring injury . The developmental project hopes to be at full strength for next week 's minicamp .
7 . While Kelvin Benjamin has nursed a hamstring injury of his own , Panthers second-round pick Devin Funchess has seen time at three different receiver positions in OTAs . The monstrous wideouts are `` going to be a nightmare for any secondary coach , '' said Carolina 's secondary coach , Steve Wilks .
8 . Although Breshad Perriman has impressed the Ravens , it 's journeyman Kamar Aiken who is lining up opposite Steve Smith with the first-team offense .
9 . Multiple teammates have compared Chargers rookie running back Melvin Gordon to Jamaal Charles for his speed , patience and physical resemblance .
10 . Jaguars offensive coordinator Greg Olson acknowledged that second-round pick T.J. Yeldon has a chance to be an every-down back as a rookie . Yeldon is fully expected to be the starter when the season opens , according to the team 's official website .
11 . Second-round tailback Ameer Abdullah has taken advantage of Joique Bell 's absence , endearing himself to quarterback Matthew Stafford . `` I think as a runner he has great balance , '' Stafford said recently . `` He 's obviously a low-to-the-ground guy . He seems to hide pretty well behind there and he 's got good vision . Out of the backfield , catching the ball , he 's great . He 's got great hands . He has a good feel for route running . ''
12 . Jets director of player personnel Brian Heimerdinger compared the drafting of defensive end Leonard Williams to walking downstairs and finding a Christmas present under the tree .
13 . Falcons defensive coordinator Richard Smith has drawn comparisons between Vic Beasley and All-Pro Broncos pass rusher Von Miller for their `` elite quickness . ''
14 . A `` freak athlete , '' Cowboys cornerback Byron Jones is moonlighting at safety during OTAs . `` He 's done a solid job , '' defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli said . `` He 's smart . A big plus for us , it gives us great flexibility . ''
15 . Colts fourth-round safety Clayton Geathers has been fast-tracked , already mixing in with the first-team defense , while adding a dime-package linebacker role to his responsibilities .
16 . With the injury to starter Will Beatty , the Giants have Ereck Flowers working as the left tackle with the first- and second-team offense to get him more reps. Second-round safety Landon Collins has come in and `` looked every bit as good as he did every Saturday at Alabama , '' according to linebacker Jon Beason .
17 . The Browns are preparing first-round offensive lineman Cameron Erving for a jack-of-all-trades role , trying him out at left tackle , right tackle and guard .
18 . With Pro Bowl left tackle Ryan Clady out for the season , the Broncos have settled on second-round pick Ty Sambrailo as Peyton Manning 's blindside protector .
19 . Behemoth seventh-round rookie Trent Brown is working with the 49ers ' first-team offense at right tackle following Anthony Davis ' surprise retirement/sabbatical .
20 . Bills coach Rex Ryan is high on third-round guard John Miller . `` He 's looking like a 10-year veteran and he does n't make mental mistakes , and he 's an athletic guy , '' Ryan said . `` When we took him , we thought he 'd be our starter . ''
The latest Around The NFL Podcast welcomes Jeff Darlington to discuss minicamp stories , and Conor Orr calls in for the debut of a new segment . Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW .
Vice president Bill Davidson confirmed that electric bikes are Harley-Davidson 's future to Drive magazine while in Sydney to celebrate the brand 's 100th anniversary in Australia . While an electric Harley wo n't have the signature engine boom that its combustion-powered bikes have , Davidson said that the company is working on a sound that he likens to a jet engine . `` It is an amazing motorcycle , '' he told Drive . `` While it does n't have a 45-degree , pushrod twin-cylinder engine it has the performance expected from a Harley-Davidson even if it wo n't sound the same , '' he said .
So far , we 've only seen the one Livewire concept model with a limited top speed and range , it 's likely thHarleyely-Davidson will create both sport and cruiser-style bikes to appeal to both the speed freaks and the touring bikers . Davidson noted that as automated cars become more ubiquitous , driving enthusiasts may turn to motorcycles to get their manual fix , telling Drive , `` I think the more automatic cars [ happen ] , motorcycling will become more appealing . I see it as a huge opportunity . ''
The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers wants everyday Canadians to become its street-level ambassadors .
Canada 's petroleum producers say peer pressure and vocal protests keep a lot of Canadians from speaking up for the oil and gas industry . Jeff Gaulin of CAPP explains that more `` social cover '' could make them more comfortable voicing their support . 0:48 The group feels that with enough `` social cover , '' Canadians will begin feeling more comfortable standing up for oil and gas when they hear the industry criticized .
Jeff Gaulin is the Vice President of Communications for CAPP , and says he believes that the majority of Canadians support the oil and gas industry , but may feel reluctant to speak up for it because of how vocal the opposition to it has become .
`` Another term for it is peer pressure , '' he says . `` If you 're in a setting and everyone is talking negatively , it will have an impact on what you think about your own views , and that erodes support over the long term . ''
What really breaks down is , are you prepared to speak up for it . That 's what really defines the narrative , it 's who has the loudest voice . - Jeff Gaulin , VP of Communications , CAPP
Right now , Gaulin says , the loudest voices are coming from the people who protest pipelines , and raise concerns about the environmental impacts of oil and gas development .
He says his industry understands that a top-down method of communicating its goals and practices may not always be the most effective way to address those public concerns .
CAPP wants to encourage those who work in the sector , and those who are supporters of it , to help change the tone of the conversation about pipelines , oil sands development , and new energy technologies so the issue becomes less polarized .
Dinner parties , coffee shops , campfires
The place for those conversations , he says , is among co-workers at the coffee shop , or with friends at a dinner party . He 's says even brought up the topic of petroleum production over the campfire with his family .
`` The people who very strongly oppose ( the industry ) , they 're the types who wake up to go march in the streets and to protest . Most Canadians who support the industry , get in their car , go to work , use their phones , and they do n't think about it , '' he says . `` There 's this dynamic where what appears publicly to be more broad national opposition is n't actually the case . ''
So one of the things we want people to know is ... that if you are supportive , you 're not alone , and you 're not wrong , and we need you to speak up . - Jeff Gaulin , VP of Communications , CAPP
A campaign in which regular citizens are asked to engage in conversations is hard to track , and its effectiveness even harder to measure . Still , when asked if he feels this effort to make the general public `` ambassadors '' for his industry will work , Gaulin is optimistic .
`` Most of the support in Canada is quiet . If we only had a tenth of every person that began to have a conversation to think and speak positively about the industry , it will be substantive , whether it 's in the media , in public discourse , or in the political arena . ''
The Association 's most recent public opinion poll , commissioned from Ipsos Reid in January , 2015 , surveyed 2200 online respondents nationally . Results indicate that 42 % of respondents support the industry , and 25 % oppose it , while 33 % said they were not engaged with `` energy issues . ''
According to an email from CAPP 's communications department , the unpublished poll results also found that `` About 14 % of the population will speak positively about industry when asked and without being asked , however 25 % of the population will speak out against industry when asked and without being asked . 3 % of the population will speak positively without being asked versus 9 % who will speak negatively without being asked . ''
What do you think of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ' argument that their supporters may be uncomfortable backing the industry publicly because of social pressure ? Leave your comments below to let us know .
Eamonn McCabe/guardian.co.uk LONDON ( AP ) — CNN star interviewer Piers Morgan faces questions Tuesday about his time at the top of Britain 's tabloid industry — widely anticipated testimony that may dredge up allegations his British newspaper career was colored by wrongdoing .
Morgan ran two British tabloids — the News of the World and the Daily Mirror — before his editorship was cut short by scandal in 2004 . He 's one of a host of tabloid newspaper executives being called before a British inquiry into media ethics set up in the wake of the News of the World phone hacking scandal , which has rocked the country 's press and political elite .
More than a dozen journalists have been arrested , senior executives with Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. media empire have lost their jobs , and top U.K. police officers have resigned over their failure to tackle the scandal . Witnesses at the inquiry have exposed the seamy side of British journalism , with reporters accused of cooking up stories , blackmailing subjects , hacking phones and paying bribes to police officers to secure tips .
Morgan may have more juicy details to add . His memoirs contain tantalizing references to questionably obtained material , and the 46-year-old has acknowledged condoning unethical behavior — including overseeing payoffs to spies on rival newspapers .
Morgan denies having ever hacked a phone or knowingly run a story based on hacked information . But he 's expected to be quizzed on statements that appear to refer to the practice — in particular a 2006 article in which he says he was played a phone message left by former Beatle Paul McCartney on the answering machine of his now ex-wife Heather Mills .
Mills has said there 's no way Morgan could have gotten hold of the message honestly .
The inquiry , led by Lord Justice Brian Leveson , heard earlier Tuesday about the culture in tabloid newsrooms — one described by some witnesses as being scarred by bullying .
Steve Turner , the general secretary of the British Association of Journalists , said he had dealt with more than a dozen cases of bullying in the newsroom in recent years . He blamed diminishing circulation and `` the demand to produce better stories and more of them from a diminishing workforce '' for some of the pressure , but said the culture at Murdoch 's News of the World was particularly challenging .
That , he said , may have `` pressured people more than most into behaving appallingly . ''
Separately , the lawyer for former England soccer player Paul Gascoigne suggested that the sportsman 's legal action against the News of the World was close to being settled .
Gascoigne is one of several dozen people suing the paper over claims that their phones were hacked . Lawyer Jeremy Reed said the case was `` settling '' but did n't give any further details .
Murdoch shut down the 168-year-old News of the World in July after the full hacking scandal broke .
___
Online :
Leveson Inquiry : http : //www.levesoninquiry.org.uk/
I 've been watching this series repeatedly for years . I 've watched it five time through . Unbelievably , I am just now looking at the reviews . I have never , ever , ever seen such an overwhelming five-star review . Over 90 % of reviewers gave this series five stars . There is nothing left to say at this point about this series because everyone knows what it encompasses and if it 's for them . I just truly thank PBS for producing and broadcasting this series . It is sorely needed in this world of crudeness mistaken for talent . Honestly , it did n't need a bit of that to be superb . That is the sign of true artistic expression , true artistic talent and creativity , and I 'm so thankful for this series . Adult humor , intelligence , silliness , irony , deep character development , historical accuracy , it has it all . Those shows and movies endeavoring to gain success through shock value and exploiting women , for example , have much to be jealous of , because this series kicks those series ' asses . The historical accuracy down to how they sit , speak , move their heads , et cetera , is extensively researched and executed , but the humor and vulnerability of aristocracy makes us watch it . Lord Grantham , well , he was Squiggy in Knotting Hill , and I was so surprised to see him here in such a gallant role , such a dichotomy , but he pulled it off beautifully .
BUILDING A TIME MACHINE
From the perspective of science , time travel was impossible in Newton 's universe , where time was seen as an arrow . Once released , it could never deviate from its past . One second on Earth was one second throughout the universe . This concept was overthrown by Einstein , who showed that time is more like a river that meanders across the universe , speeding up and slowing down as it snakes across stars and galaxies . So one second is not absolute ; it varies as we move around the universe .
Physicists hope to teleport complex molecules in the coming years . After that , a DNA molecule or virus could be teleported within decades .
Once considered to be fringe science , time travel has suddenly become a playground for theoretical physicists . As Thorne has written : “ Time travel was once solely the province of science fiction writers . How times have changed ! One now finds scholarly analyses of time travel in serious scientific journals , written by eminent theoretical physicists… . Why the change ? Because we physicists have realized that the nature of time is too important an issue to be left solely in the hands of science fiction writers . ”
The reason for all the excitement is that Einstein 's equations allow for many kinds of time machines . The most promising design is based on a traversable wormhole . This wormhole is constructed with both of its ends initially located close together . Two clocks , one at each end , tick in synchronization . Now take one end of the wormhole and its clock and send them into space at near-light speed . Time slows at that end due to an effect in Einstein 's theory of special relativity known as time dilation : Relative to a stationary observer on the ground , time aboard a spacecraft appears to slow down ; relative to the spacecraft , time for the observer on the ground seems to speed up .
Since the two clocks at the ends of the wormhole are no longer in sync , a wormhole traveler passing from one end to the other can move back and forth in time . There is a limit to how much time traveling he can do , though—he is able to go back in time only to the point at which the time machine was built .
When it comes to the potential for time travel , there is still fierce debate . In 1997 Bernard Kay and Marek Radzikowski of the University of York in England and Robert Wald of the University of Chicago showed that time travel was consistent with all the known laws of physics , except in one place—near the wormhole entrance . This is just where we would expect Einstein 's theory to break down and quantum effects , which work at the subatomic level , to take over . The problem is that when we try to calculate radiation effects as we enter a time machine , we have to come up with a theory that combines Einstein 's general relativity with the quantum theory of radiation . Yet when we naively try to do so , the resulting theory makes no sense . It yields a series of infinite answers , which are meaningless .
This is where a theory of everything takes over . All the problems of traveling through a wormhole that have bedeviled physicists ( the stability of the wormhole , the radiation that might kill you , the closing of the wormhole as you enter it ) are concentrated at the horizon , precisely where Einstein 's theory makes no sense .
Thus the key to understanding time travel is to understand the physics of the horizon , and only a theory of everything that unites Einstein 's relativity and the quantum realm can explain this . So the final resolution to whether all these science fiction devices are possible will have to wait until physicists can finally develop a theory of the universe that transcends even Einstein 's .
BEAM ME UP
Perhaps the most tangible of the far-out technologies suggested by Einstein 's theories is teleportation . The key lies in a celebrated 1935 paper by Einstein and his colleagues Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen . Ironically , in their paper they proposed an experiment—the so-called EPR experiment , named for the three authors—to kill off , once and for all , quantum theory 's introduction of probability into physics . Quantum theory requires probability because its formulas do not directly describe things like the precise position of particles . Instead , the formulas describe waves , known as Schrödinger waves . The amplitude of the waves at a particular location translates to the probability that a particle will be found at that point .
As the EPR experiment pointed out , according to quantum theory , if two particles—electrons , for example—are initially vibrating in unison ( a state called coherence ) , they can remain in wavelike synchronization even if they are separated by a large distance . Two electrons may be trillions of miles apart , but there is still an invisible Schrödinger wave connecting them , like an umbilical cord . If something happens to one electron , some of that information is immediately transmitted to the other , faster than the speed of light . This concept—that particles vibrating in coherence have some kind of deep connection—is called quantum entanglement . Einstein derisively called this “ spooky action at a distance , ” and he took it to “ prove ” that quantum theory was wrong , since nothing can travel faster than the speed of light .
But in the 1980s , Alain Aspect and his colleagues in France performed the EPR experiment using entangled photons emitted from calcium atoms and two detectors placed 13 meters ( 40 feet ) apart . The results agreed precisely with quantum theory . Was Einstein wrong , then , about the speed of light 's being the speed limit of the universe ? Not really­ . In Aspect 's experiment , information did travel faster than the speed of light , but the information was random , hence useless .
The killings in Dallas are one more reminder that guns are central , not accessory , to the American plague of violence . They were central fifty-plus years ago , when a troubled ex-Marine had only to send a coupon to a mail-order gun house in Chicago to get a military rifle with which to kill John F. Kennedy—that assassin-sniper also fired from a Dallas building onto a Dallas street . They are central now , when the increased fetishism of guns and carrying guns has made such horrors as last night 's not merely predictable but unsurprising . The one thing we can be sure of , after we have mourned the last massacre , is that there will be another . You wake up at three in the morning , check the news , and there it is .
We do n't yet know exactly by whom and for what deranged “ reason ” or mutant `` cause '' five police officers were murdered last night , but , as the President rightly suggested , we do know how—and the how is a huge part of what happened . By having a widely armed citizenry , we create a situation in which gun violence becomes a common occurrence , not the rarity it ought to be and is everywhere else in the civilized world . That this happened amid a general decline in violence throughout the Western world only serves to make the crisis more acute ; America 's gun-violence problem remains the great and terrible outlier .
Weapons empower extremes . Allowing members of any fringe of any movement to get their hands on military weapons guarantees that any normal dispute—political or , for that matter , domestic—can quickly lead to a massacre . Our guns have outraced our restrictions , but not our imaginations . Sometime in the not-too-distant past , annihilation replaced street theatre and demonstrations as the central possibility of the enraged American imagination . Guns allow the fringe to occupy the center .
The seeming breakdown of normal expectations about violence and public life reminds some of 1968 , a terrible year—although , if you think this is like 1968 , you were n't there , since that year was marked by a generational breakdown far more extreme , a continuing foreign war far more violent , and a departing President infinitely more unpopular . But then , too , gun violence was n't just incidental but instrumental—pointed , causal—to the breakdown of social order . If Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King , Jr. , had not been so easily killed with easily available weapons , 1968 would have had a different shape and meaning .
Once again , it needs stating because it ca n't be stated too often : despite the desperate efforts of the National Rifle Association to prevent research on gun violence , the research has gone on , and shows conclusively what common sense already suggests . Guns are not merely the instrument ; guns are the issue . The more guns there are , the more gun violence happens . In light of last night 's assassinations , it is also essential to remember that the more guns there are , the greater the danger to police officers themselves . It requires no apology for unjustified police violence to point out that , in a heavily armed country , the police officer who thinks that a suspect is armed is likelier to panic than when he can be fairly confident that the suspect is not . We have come to accept it as natural that ordinary police officers should be armed and ready to use lethal force at all times . They should not be . A black man with a concealed weapon should be no more liable to be killed than a white man with one . But having a nation of men carrying concealed lethal weapons pretty much guarantees that there will be lethal results , an outcome only made worse by our toxic racial history . Last night 's tragedy was also the grotesque reductio ad absurdum of the claim that it takes a good guy with a gun to stop a bad guy with a gun . There were nothing but good guys and they had nothing but guns , and five died anyway , as helpless as the rest of us .
Once again , the difference in policy views is clear , and can be coolly stated : those who insist on the right to concealed weapons , to the open carrying of firearms , to the availability of military weapons—to the essentially unlimited dissemination of guns—guarantee that the murders will continue . They have no plan to end them , except to return fire , with results we know . The people who do n't want the regulations that we know will help curb ( not end ) violent acts and help make them rare ( not non-existent ) have reconciled themselves to the mass murder of police officers , as well as of innocent men and women during traffic stops and of long , ghostly rows of harmless civilians and helpless children . The country is now clearly divided among those who want the killings and violence to stop and those who do n't . In the words of the old activist song , which side are you on ?
May 18 , 2017 — Ron Chusid
The Center for American Progress held an Ideas Conference but The Nation reports that Bernie Sanders was not welcome :
But there was an awkward absence : Senator Bernie Sanders . He was not invited to the “ Ideas Conference , ” and his exclusion makes clear that , while Democrats are converging around a general set of ideological principles , the party still faces some serious coalition-building problems . CAP president Neera Tanden explained to The Washington Post that “ We were trying to emphasize a new generation , ” and a CAP spokesperson told The Nation that nobody who ran for president before was invited . That 's true as far as it goes , but with any scrutiny it feels more like a post facto justification for not including Sanders . There 's a big difference between Hillary Clinton—now a private citizen with no future electoral plans—and Sanders , a sitting senator who polls as the most popular politician in the country and who has pointedly not ruled out a 2020 presidential campaign . The press materials for the conference proclaimed it would “ bring together national leaders of the progressive cause , ” and there 's no real way Sanders does n't fit that description , or rationally should have been excluded simply because he ran for president last year . ( The presence of Susan Rice and Tom Daschle onstage also puts considerable strain on the idea that only new voices were being elevated . )
This division has help to show who has sold out to the establishment and who is really for reform .
Daily Kos founder and self-appointed “ granddaddy of the resistance ” Markos Moulitsas drove the point home when he huffed during a panel about “ that grassroots Bernie thing ” and how it was a detriment to the party .
This comes from someone who made the Iraq war his main litmus test in 2004 . Now that he is part of the establishment , he backed the candidate who was one of the strongest proponents of military interventionism .
The article concluded with a look at the division between “ the elites ” and “ the grassroots . ”
It 's hard to envision a functional political party where there 's such a fissure between the elites and the grassroots . It has already caused the Democrats no shortage of pain , even in the Trump era : The race for DNC chair was also much less about ideology and more about who would get control of the party mechanics—the established hands or the newcomers . Elbowing Sanders out of the party is n't going to solve this problem , though many Democrats seem intent on doing it . Politico ran a story on the same day as the Ideas Conference quoting several top Democrats who clearly want Sanders to go away , while blaming him for the party rifts . “ He 's a constant reminder . He allows the healing that needs to take place to not take place , ” one said . Meanwhile , being shunned by party bosses is rocket fuel for the Sanders movement . “ If you want to understand why establishment Democrats lose , look at CAP . They hold their…grassroots conference at the Four Seasons and do n't invite grassroots progressives , ” one progressive strategist affiliated with Sanders but not authorized to speak for him told The Nation . “ They charge $ 1,000 per ticket to attend their ‘ Progressive Party'…and eat canapes while wondering why they are out of touch with the rest of the country . ”
While there is division in the party between the establishment and reformers , and considerable disagreement over the nomination of Hillary Clinton , at least most Democrats will hopefully agree on opposing Donald Trump . The New York Times noted this aspect of the conference :
In a speech to the liberal Center for American Progress on Tuesday , Representative Maxine Waters of California drew applause and whistles when she reminded the audience of her insistence that Mr. Trump be driven from office . But even more notably , Ms . Waters , a veteran lawmaker , has also been intensifying pressure on her colleagues to recognize the threat she said is posed by a reckless president .
Update : Democrats Risk Continued Failure In Denying Reasons For Clinton 's Loss
Update II : Democratic Party Stronger Without The Clintons ( How Bernie Sanders Has Reshaped The Democratic Party )
Pastor Greg Locke gained notoriety last year when he rantings and ravings about Target 's bathroom policy :
“ Your political correctness has caused you to do something extraordinarily stupid , ” Locke says in the video . “ ... Because you 're not targeting and being inclusive to transgender people by doing this . They make up 0.3 percent of the population . What you are targeting are perverts , pedophiles , people who are going to hurt our children . ”
He said the issue was about “ safety and morality. ” Judging by his other hate-filled videos , it 's clear that Pastor Greg Locke definitely has a number of issues himself , especially with women . In fact , most of his ragey videos are about women , especially evil liberal women . That prompted prompted a woman to send a donation to Planned Parenthood in Greg Locke 's name :
`` So today in the mail I got a very shocking and very interesting card . It came from Planned Parenthood , which is a very strange organization to be sending me anything at all because everyone knows my very bold and biblical stand against them , '' Locke said last Tuesday . `` But here 's what 's interesting . Here 's what the card said . 'Dear Greg Locke . Planned Parenthood Federation of America is pleased to let you know that a generous and thoughtful donation has been made in your honor by ' and then apparently the hater 's name was Christa Ginsberg in Houston , Texas . And it does n't say how much it was and then sincerely , you know , the Richards lady that runs Planned Parenthood , '' he said .
In the video below , he howls about the fact this thank-you card was sent to him and wants to make it crystal clear that he does n't in anyway support women 's health care at Planned Parenthood . He warned that such donations in his name are a waste of time and he 'll deposit any thank you cards in the trash . So , whatever you do , do n't waste your time donating to the Planned Parenthood clinic closest to Greg Locke 's church—Planned Parenthood of Middle and East Tennessee—and do n't waste your time making sure a thank-you card gets mailed to him at :
Greg Locke
c/o Global Vision Bible Church
2060 Old Lebanon Dirt Rd
Mt Juliet , TN 37122
x YouTube Video
Tip of the hat to Daily Kos user Vicki Roush for the story .
President Obama slipped into Afghanistan late Tuesday night and marked the first anniversary of the killing of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden by signing a strategic agreement that narrows the U.S. military mission there while codifying long-term U.S. support for the government in Kabul .
In a televised address from Bagram Air Base , Obama said it was time to transition U.S. troops out of Afghanistan , noting that the Taliban 's momentum has been slowed , Afghan security forces have been built up and bin Laden and much of al-Qaeda 's top leadership has been taken out .
`` Over the last three years , the tide has turned , '' Obama said . `` The goal that I set — to defeat al-Qaeda , and deny it a chance to rebuild — is within reach . ''
More than a decade after bin Laden 's deputies carried out the 9/11 attacks , Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai signed the agreement before dawn Wednesday in Afghanistan . As has been common practice for presidential visits to war zones in the Obama and George W. Bush administrations , the visit was kept under wraps until after Obama landed for security concerns .
The deal does n't include specifics about how many U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan after the U.S. combat role ends in 2014 , but the agreement specifically allows the U.S. to stage troops inside the country to train Afghan forces and carry out limited counterterrorism operations targeting al-Qaeda presence inside Afghanistan . The pact also calls for the administration to request money from Congress annually to pay for training of Afghan troops and other programs , but it does n't set funding levels .
The Afghanistan visit — the third of Obama 's presidency — came as presumed Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and GOP lawmakers have accused Obama of politicizing the death of bin Laden . A senior administration official denied that the Afghanistan visit was timed to benefit Obama politically . The official , who briefed reporters ahead of Obama 's speech on the condition of anonymity , noted that Afghan and U.S. officials have been negotiating a settlement for nearly 20 months . Both Karzai and Obama had set the goal of having a deal in place before this month 's NATO summit in Chicago .
In a statement late Tuesday , Romney avoided politics and said he is `` pleased that President Obama has returned to Afghanistan . Our troops and the American people deserve to hear from our President about what is at stake in this war . ''
Obama paid tribute to U.S. servicemembers during his whirlwind visit and acknowledged they 've paid a steep price to fight the war . More than 1,800 U.S. servicemembers have been killed during the war .
`` I know the battle is not yet over , '' Obama told troops in a speech at Bagram . `` And there 's going to be heartbreak and pain and difficulty ahead . But there 's a light on the horizon because of the sacrifices you 've made . ''
Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith has launched a bitter attack on colleagues plotting to oust Theresa May , telling them to get behind the Prime Minister and her government .
Reports in this morning 's papers suggest a number of Conservative MPs are contemplating sending letters of no confidence to the backbench 1922 committee .
Mrs May has yet to put together an arrangement with the Democratic Unionists , leading to concerns she may lose a crucial Commons vote on the Queen 's Speech due at the end of the month .
As many as a dozen MPs are apparently prepared to send a letter declaring no confidence in their leader , although there would need to be a total of 48 signatures to force a vote .
`` She 's going to have to go sooner rather than later , '' a former minister told the Sunday Times .
`` The critical moment is June 28 and 29 , when there are votes on the Queen 's speech . If it looks like they will be lost , you have to strike . ''
But Mr Duncan Smith , who was forced out as Conservative leader in 2003 after a vote of no confidence , was dismissive of any talk of deposing the Prime Minister .
`` Theresa May has come out of an election , we did n't do as well as we had obviously hoped for - which is probably a bit of an understatement - but the reality is that we need stability now , '' he told Sky News ' Sophy Ridge on Sunday .
`` We do n't need silly people in the Conservative party with big mouths and small brains running around the place trying to tell everybody what they 're going to do . ''
He issued a stark warning about the possibility of Jeremy Corbyn becoming Prime Minister if Mrs May is ousted .
`` I think what they should do now is do what the rest of us want to do , which is tried and support the Government because the big threat - you look into the abyss and it grins back at with you with a short-cropped grey beard and very Marxist ideology .
`` So we do n't want to see that govern Britain and therefore we have to get stable behind the Prime Minister and make sure that at the end of it all that she has the strength and the focus to go on and govern as her government does . ''
In the 677 days he has spent at Munich , Guardiola has become less naive and more mature and , along the way , he has discovered different tactical challenges
Pep Guardiola is not returning home atop an army of elephants like Hannibal but at the head of a field hospital . This is not how he imagined it . The Camp Nou is his home , Barcelona too . It was there that he learned , there that he became a man and it is to there that his thoughts are often drawn . Send him a photo of the festival of Sant Jordi , the patron saint of Catalonia , when roses and books fill the streets , and the emotion washes over him . “ Tell me all about it , ” he says .
So you tell him . You tell him how people talk about him still , about their affection for him . How they gather at the book stalls that spring up all over the city to read about him , how they ask after him at signings of Pep Confidential . “ Tell Pep we still love him here , ” they say , the same line repeated often .
Pep Guardiola : all I do is look at opponents and try to demolish them Read more
It was inevitable that Guardiola would face Barcelona one day . He could sense that it was coming in the Champions League . He decided to prepare himself for it by going to the Camp Nou in March , witnessing Lionel Messi 's destruction of Manchester City in person . Accompanied by his father Valentí and his friend Manel Estiarte , he parked some distance from the stadium and walked the rest of the way along with the fans , just another supporter going to the game . Then he took up his seat , with his season ticket .
He killed two birds with one stone . He scouted a future opponent and allowed all the emotion to come to the surface , returning for the first time since departing as coach .
Over the last few days , many people have asked how Guardiola will feel . He found out , in part at least , on 18 March . If he came to the Camp Nou that day , it was to pre-empt those emotions , to somehow get ahead of them and not be caught out by them , like a patient going to the doctor for a vaccination . He will not be immune on Wednesday but he will be prepared .
Guardiola is forever preparing . His personality is at once rational and emotional . He prepares games with his head but lives them with his heart . He is cold , analytical , meticulous and calm when he dissects opponents , searching for possible weaknesses .
But he is passionate , emotional , exuberant , volcanic even , during the 90 minutes . He suffers like anyone else , swinging from enjoyment to anger , nerves to laughter . He is adept at reading the game , analysing what he sees rationally , but at the same time he has been sent off more times than any other Barcelona player in history : eight times he has seen red but never for a foul , always for vehemently protesting what he saw as an injustice .
Reason and passion go together within him but this time he is confronted by a serious problem and he will need imagination to overcome it . Bayern Munich are a walking infirmary . His best players have dropped one after the other . Victims of the way he works ? Not exactly . There have been only six muscular injuries all season , less than half the average for elite teams , according to Uefa . It is not the training that has provoked this catastrophe , instead , misfortune has multiplied .
The majority of the injuries have been caused by clashes with opponents , bad challenges and tackles that have torn ligaments . It has been so bad that it is not just bodies that have been broken but records too . In every minute of the season , 25 % of the squad has been unavailable , at least six players every day . Worse , Guardiola has been in charge for 677 days and not one of them has been injury-free .
Adversity has changed him . He is less naive than he was , more mature . That change has been beaten into him . In Germany he has discovered new nuances too , different tactical challenges .
Opponents have counterattacked relentlessly , encouraging him to seek new tactics , new means of prevention . He has become more direct in attack and has focused greater energy on defensive efficiency and organisation . Bayern won the league having conceded just 13 goals in 30 games – 0.43 goals conceded per game is the best figure of his career .
He is more mature as person too . He knows that he still makes mistakes , that his character can come through , his emotion uncontrolled and expressed in confrontations with referees or with others . Few results have taught him more than the painful defeat to Real Madrid last season . That day , he got his planning wrong ; tactically , he failed . The team collapsed . He took full responsibility , even that which was not truly his . In doing so , not only did he learn a lesson , he also brought his players closer to him . His public acceptance of blame engendered loyalty and gratitude .
Guardiola has changed Bavaria 's footballing language . A team that was already formidable plays differently now . His players have been intelligent and modest . Instead of clinging to the treble , they embraced the idea of learning a new identity .
Their apprenticeship in a positional game has not been easy because it is a complex system . That was why Guardiola insisted from the start : “ Thiago oder nichts ” ; Thiago or no one . He was to be the player that held the new model together . Bavaria 's problems over the last two years must be analysed through the 426 days Thiago has been absent through injury .
Bayern Munich charge ahead to leave their German rivals playing catch-up | Raphael Honigstein Read more
Bavaria speak Guardiola 's language now . The players understand a variety of systems and tactical shifts , nuances that most barely see . They can move between them within any game , barely breaking stride , and every player has reached one of the key objectives that Guardiola set : to be able to play in two or three different positions depending on the team 's needs . Rafinha at left back , Philipp Lahm at right wing ? Fine . They must all know how to play different roles .
It is not easy to understand Guardiola because his thinking is far from conventional . If you try to judge his style within the traditional parameters of the game , through a definition like 4-3-3 or a 4-2-3-1 , the analysis will be incomplete . Before each game , the formation appears on TV screens but it does not help you understand what Bayern are actually doing ; it explains little . The players , though , do understand him because they have learnt to . “ Pep explained the weaknesses of Roma to us exactly . We knew precisely what we had to do , ” Thomas Müller said after Bayern had won 7-1 at the Stadio Olimpico .
They understand the language now , but it is true that those who interpret it best , who express it most clearly , are unavailable for Wednesday . Arjen Robben , Franck Ribéry , David Alaba , Holger Badstuber , perhaps Robert Lewandowski . Barcelona , not Bayern , are thus the clear favourites to reach the final in Berlin .
The Guardiola that returns home is different to the one that departed in 2012 , even if the essence of him remains the same . He is more mature , yet more aggressive . He is more defensive in his approach , something which those who look at the game superficially find incomprehensible .
He is calmer than ever before , at ease with himself , and in tune with his players , who have gathered round him as small groups do in adversity . I spent a year with him and there was one phrase that he returned to constantly : “ Football has many finals but no end . ”
Martí Perarnau is the author of Pep Confidential : Inside Guardiola 's First Season at Bayern Munich
MGS : Peace Walker is 100 % MGS5-Class Game
Metal Gear Solid : Rising seems to be taking the story in a slightly different direction by expanding on Raiden ‘ s story . While we are all scratching our heads at what exactly “ Lightning Bolt Action ” means , Kojima was recently quoted that Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker continues the true Metal Gear Solid saga .
This game certainly turned some heads at E3 and completely took everyone by surprise . The last we heard of Metal Gear Solid on PSP was supposed to be a sequel to Metal Gear : Portalble Ops . From Kojima 's own admission during Konami ‘ s E3 Press Conference , peacemaker is the “ true sequel ” .
“ This game is an MGS5-class game . I am supervising , designing , producing , directing , and editing this title together with the MGS4 team , therefore in that sense , ‘ METAL GEAR SOLID ' has not ended , and the ‘ METAL GEAR SAGA ' continues . ”
– Hideo Kojima , Kojma Productions [ Via ]
Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker is due sometime in 2010 .
[ youtube ] http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=DpA0fdS3Grw [ /youtube ]
Your message has been sent successfully
“ I quit , ” I said , my black leather carrying bag already over my shoulder . I 'd imagined this scene for years , a triumphant take-this-job delivery followed by my supervisor 's wounded expression .
His face barely registered emotion as he said , “ Go tell human resources . ”
Advertisement :
I worked for a respected social policy research organization , where Barack Obama had applied for a job before he was president . For seven years I 'd sat in a windowless office and formatted reports in Microsoft Word . I sauntered to human resources like a movie inmate on his final walk of freedom through Shawshank prison .
Forty-two and single , I was jumping without a net into the potential person I was meant to be . I 'd watched Larry Smith 's famous TED Talk about following one 's passion , and enrolled in an advertising portfolio class . I was determined to rebrand myself as a digital copywriter .
“ Good for you , ” my father said . “ We 're meant to take risks . Read ‘ Start-Up Nation ' ! ”
That was the book I bought him for his 70th birthday . It reinforced the stereotype of the Jewish genius by chronicling how a culture of irascibility and entrepreneurship made Israel the most innovative country on earth . It was a drug for my dad . A retired production engineer in New Jersey who 'd racked up patents for his inventions , he saw himself as the Ashkenazi Thomas Edison . He mentioned the book whenever I complained about my work .
I was thankful for his support . My position was supposed to be a pause from a lackluster music career , not a destination . I read Suze Orman and tried to make myself indispensable by revitalizing the publishing department 's production process . Proactive , I joined my company 's social media committee , where I sat in meetings for endless months . I updated my LinkedIn profile and résumé with the words “ deliverables ” and “ timelines. ” Yet my duties did n't grow , and recruiters never called . I was stuck in the land of the typing dead .
“ This 'll be a new beginning , ” my father said . “ Time to make things happen . ”
Advertisement :
Denied unemployment benefits for resigning , I contacted a pro-bono legal organization . They appointed a lawyer who believed I had a strong case for collecting on appeal . I imagined rising like a phoenix from a pyre of word processors .
Then my advertising class ended .
“ No one will hire you with a spec portfolio , ” a well-known recruiter who 'd been recommended to me said . “ You 'll have to work for free . ”
I was disappointed . I had n't expected a welcoming party , just an entry-level spot . I had a friend who wrote junk mail at a department store . How hard could it be ?
Advertisement :
Over the next few weeks , I tweaked my online portfolio and attended networking events . I tried for secretary spots , traffic coordinator positions , and email content writers . Temp agencies said administrative jobs were going to career admin assistants . Full-time recruiters , who quoted Malcolm Gladwell and Thomas Edison in their LinkedIn updates , kept redoing my résumé .
Changing one 's career in a tight economy , without the proper pedigree of internships and connections , was like trying to audition for a famous pop band in midlife without an instrument .
“ Everything will work out , ” my father said . “ You 've got what it takes . ”
Advertisement :
Five months after my grand exit , I won retroactive unemployment benefits but was still jobless . I started to panic and attended résumé workshops , where I agonized over every bullet point . In my dreams at night I begged my boss , who 'd put me on probation three times , for my old job back .
Broke and ashamed , I asked my parents for money and tapped my 401K to make my Cobra payments .
I 'd believed that resigning at 42 was the acknowledgment of unrealized potential . Now I thought it was the delusional move of a man child who 'd missed out on the party .
Advertisement :
Nine months in , with my unemployment payments finished , my parents ' assistance exhausted , I responded to an ad on Craigslist for doggie daycare . Afterward I stood behind an Upper East Side apartment building while a pack of canines ran back and forth over an Astroturf yard .
“ You ca n't let them bark , ” the business owner said . She wanted a six-month commitment after a trial period .
I nodded eagerly as the dogs yapped , woofed and defecated . I scooped , threw rubber balls , scolded and cajoled . They howled for my boss as she squeezed through the building 's back door and went inside .
Her jarring text arrived on my cell a minute later .
Advertisement :
“ I 'm sending you home early , David . ”
I missed word processing .
Between anxiety attacks , I decided to try Starbucks . Its lengthy application process seemed fit for prospective NSA employees . A Starbucks recruiter recommended I approach managers onsite . At the fifth branch , where I was able to get a manager , a young Latino , he looked straight at me — a white , middle-aged guy -- and said , “ You want to work here ? You look like you should be a doctor . ”
Despondent , I visited my parents in Jersey and told them I wanted to jump off a roof . They put me in the car and rushed me to the hospital .
Advertisement :
“ You were right to leave that job , ” my dad said as the nurses escorted me to intake .
I no longer agreed . I stepped outside of the box to access my latent achiever and start a new career . Instead , I emptied my retirement fund and entered the psychiatric ward .
For a week I sat in group therapy sessions with addicts , self-mutilators and suicide attempters . Before I left , the head psychiatrist spoke with me in her office .
“ David , I 'm not sure you belonged here , ” she said .
Advertisement :
After a year of being turned away , it was the first statement of rejection that made me smile .
Image caption Darius Taylor on his mother 's porch
The police officer who shot and killed Philando Castile during a traffic stop will now face manslaughter charges . Castile 's friends and family say newly revealed evidence confirms what they have been saying for months : he was an innocent victim .
Since they were little boys , Castile and his three best friends could reliably be found on the same rickety porch in the Summit-University neighbourhood of St Paul , Minnesota . Today , it is cluttered with mismatched and broken chairs , old fence posts . But it always provided a perfect perch from which they could survey the goings-on in the neighbourhood .
`` This is the safe zone , '' explained Rayshawn Jackson . `` I have been kicking it on this porch since forever . ''
Image caption Rayshawn Jackson at the porch in August
On Wednesday , Jackson , Castile 's 33-year-old cousin , heard the news from a co-worker at his job as a cook . The police officer who shot and killed Castile had been charged with felony manslaughter .
Instead of watching the video of the press conference on his phone or reading the deluge of news articles , Jackson waited until his shift ended , then headed for the porch . He trudged up the familiar steps to meet 32-year-old Darius Taylor so they could find out what happened to their friend .
Even now it is difficult to wrap their heads around - Castile 's name is known internationally , for terrible reasons . On 6 July , Castile 's girlfriend Diamond Reynolds broadcast his final moments live on Facebook , just seconds after he was shot seven times by a police officer during a traffic stop .
Reynolds narrated what had happened as the world watched Castile slipping away , his white shirt soaked in blood . They had been pulled over for a broken tail light , and Castile told the officer he had a licensed handgun on him . As he reached for his wallet , Reynolds said , the officer suddenly opened fire . Her four-year-old daughter was in the backseat .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption `` You shot four bullets into him , sir '' - Philando Castile 's girlfriend , Lavish Reynolds , live-streamed the aftermath of the shooting
Supporters of the officer , Jeronimo Yanez , were quick to cast doubt on Reynold 's version , calling her a fame-seeker , or saying that Castile was fleeing an armed robbery at a convenience store . An investigation into the shooting by state and local authorities dragged on for 19 weeks . On Wednesday , the flurry of speculation and character attacks came to a close with an announcement from Ramsey County Attorney John Choi .
Choi charged Yanez with felony second degree manslaughter , and two felony endangerment charges for placing Reynolds and her daughter at risk . He also revealed that the entire encounter had been captured on a squad car 's dash camera , revealing that Reynolds had been telling the truth . Castile told Yanez repeatedly that he was not reaching for the gun in his pocket before Yanez opened fire , shooting Castile seven times . Their interaction lasted less than 60 seconds .
In Castile 's wallet , police found his permit to legally carry the firearm .
`` To those who would say this incident is Philando Castile 's fault , '' said Choi . `` I would submit that no reasonable officer knowing seeing and hearing what Officer Yanez did at the time would have used deadly force under these circumstances . ''
The transcript
Philando Castile : Sir , I have to tell you that I do have a firearm on me .
Officer Jeronimo Yanez : ( interrupting ) Okay . Okay , do n't reach for it then .
Castile : I 'm ... I 'm ... [ inaudible ] reaching ...
Yanez : ( interrupting ) Do n't pull it out .
Castile : I 'm not pulling it out .
Reynolds : He 's not pulling it out .
Yanez : Do n't pull it out ! ( Yanez opens fire )
Castile : I was n't reaching for it .
SOURCE : Ramsey County Attorney
Watching the video of the press conference with Jackson , Taylor broke down .
`` I could hear him saying it , '' he said . `` He 's not an aggressive guy - he 's soft spoken . I could just see him . ''
Choi called Castile `` calm '' , `` compliant '' and `` respectful '' . The prosecutor cleared both Castile and Reynolds of any wrongdoing during the incident . Choi ended the persistent , unfounded rumours that Castile had just robbed a convenience store .
None of this was news to Castile 's friends .
Image copyright AP Image caption Prosecutor John Choi said `` unreasonable fear '' could not justify the use of deadly force
`` This was an innocent person , a taxpaying person , a citizen , '' said Jackson .
It 's been a trying four months for the Castile family , who grew weary of defending their son 's life from attack . Greg Crockett , another regular on Taylor 's porch , experienced it as well , seeing all manner of conspiracy theories and slanderous accusations pop up about his friend on social media .
`` He worked hard for his money . He did n't rob any gas station , '' Crockett said . `` I swear to you I feel it in my soul . ''
The porch is about four blocks away from the apartment above a shop where Castile lived with his mother as a little kid . They 'd moved from St Louis , Missouri , in order to escape violent surroundings . They settled just blocks from the stately , two-storey grey house where Castile 's grandparents lived , a kind of base of operations for the rapidly growing Castile clan .
`` All the grandkids was raised in that house , '' said Jackson . `` That was like the day care . ''
Image copyright Courtesy Allysza Castile Image caption Philando Castile on the porch in a photo from 2013
By cutting behind the house , Castile and Jackson would emerge at Taylor 's , climb up onto the porch , and watch the neighbourhood pass by .
`` ' Y'all boring , ' '' Taylor remembers the other boys taunting them when they preferred to sit rather than accompany them on more mischievous adventures .
Instead , they played football in a vacant lot , haggled over basketball cards . They rode their bikes around the neighbourhood , which even in the 1990s still had the residual feel of a small town . It had once been at the heart of the thriving , historically black neighbourhood known as Rondo , which was decimated by the construction of the I-94 highway in the 1960s .
As Castile was growing up , there were more drugs , more fights . None of that appealed to him , say his friends - an asthmatic boy in glasses and braces who excelled at pretty much any video game he tried .
`` Phil was basically the same dude as a 12 , 13-year-old as he was as a 32-year-old , '' said Crockett . `` He was always quiet . He never got angry . He never , ever got angry . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Greg Crockett on the day of Castile 's funeral
It was also around this time that Crockett recalled one of their first encounters with police , while walking from one of their houses to another after dark . A police car pulled up alongside of them . Without thinking , Crockett said , they all took off running .
`` I went and hid in the bushes , '' said Crockett . `` I do n't know why . ''
Over the years , the friends racked up dozens of experiences being pulled over or ticketed by the police for various driving violations - since the age of 19 , Castile was pulled over 52 times , an average of three stops every year .
Jackson said that his cousin 's choice to stay out of trouble , maintain a clean record , and to move up the ranks of the St Paul Public School 's food services division , was a deliberate one .
`` There were plenty of times our cousins and friends tried to get us to do stuff in the streets or whatever , but he was n't on that , '' said Jackson . `` He had a vision and he wanted to fulfil that vision , and just be a citizen and work a nine to five , honest job . ''
Image caption Jackson 's T-shirt with pictures of them together : `` Is there a heaven for a G ? ''
After watching Choi 's announcement at Taylor 's house , the two friends went to a rally at JJ Hill Montessori Magnet School , where Castile worked . Taylor held a hand-painted sign over his head : `` Yanez Murdered Castile '' .
`` Some justice is better than none , '' said Jackson . `` [ But ] it should have been farther than manslaughter . ''
There will almost certainly be a trial - the union representing the officer put out a statement cautioning that `` Officer Yanez is innocent of these charges until proven guilty '' .
Meanwhile , life on the porch will never be the same . The Castile 's family home around the corner was lost to foreclosure years ago . New houses are springing up in the vacant lots they once used as a football field - the families they knew are leaving under the persistent nudge of gentrification .
On the porch , there will always be an empty seat .
`` I lost my guy , '' said Crockett . `` That 's hundreds of hours of conversation that have not taken place . ''
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved
PROVIDENCE , R.I. ( WPRI ) - Fixing Rhode Island 's overstretched and outdated probation system could save the state $ 3.8 million over the next five years by keeping hundreds of people out of prison , a group of national experts said in a study issued Tuesday .
Gov . Gina Raimondo issued an executive order in July creating the Justice Reinvestment Working Group , which is working with the nonpartisan Council of State Governments ' Justice Center to find ways of improving the state 's criminal justice system . The council 's experts released their proposals on Tuesday .
`` Rhode Island 's criminal sentencing and probation laws have been largely untouched for decades , '' they said . `` Most other states have modernized their supervision laws to adhere to evidence-based practices and improve public safety outcomes . ''
About 23,000 people - including one in six adult black men - are serving a probation sentence in Rhode Island , giving it the second-highest probation rate in the nation , the study found . Probation terms average six years , which is three times the national average .
At the same time , the study said Rhode Island 's 63 probation officers have caseloads `` so high ... that no meaningful supervision can occur to lower recidivism rates . ''
The Justice Center staff proposed three strategies to improve Rhode Island 's probation system , each of which came with a detailed list of specific policy recommendations to carry it out .
The strategies : do more to assess individuals ' needs and risks and , if possible , divert them from prison or probation ; revamp state laws on probation sentencing and supervision ; and spend any savings on improved probation supervision and new community programs for offenders .
The experts estimated that their proposals would cost Rhode Island 's state government about $ 9.5 million between 2016-17 and 2020-21 , but by allowing the state to avoid $ 13.4 million in costs , it would save a net $ 3.8 million .
A final report from the working group is due out Jan. 21 . State lawmakers are expected to take up the probation proposals in next year 's legislative session .
Cyclists in Edinburgh , Aberdeen and Inverness took part in the event .
Cyclists : Hundreds of people took part in the event Sharon Frew
Hundreds of cyclists took the streets in three cities to demand better conditions for cyclists .
Mass cycle rides were held in Edinburgh , Aberdeen and Inverness as the sixth annual Pedal on Parliament ( POP ) event was held .
Thousands flocked to the Meadows in Edinburgh before cycling down the Royal Mile to the Scottish Parliament .
Led by the Talking Tandems , who included a visually impaired rider , the grassroots protest attracted cyclists of all ages including parents with their children and marchers on foot .
In Aberdeen , 100 cyclists including many children rode out bringing a similar call for investment and safer roads to the council headquarters there .
Around 120 are estimated to have turned out for the event in Inverness .
Speaking outside the Scottish Parliament MSP Alison Johnson of the Scottish Greens said : `` If we invest properly in cycling we can cut congestion and air pollution and tackle obesity and children can cycle to school .
`` If you look at what happens in the Netherlands children have independence - and where people can cycle easily it benefits those on low incomes the most . This is not a niche activity , it benefits us all . ''
Glasgow : A second event will take place on Sunday Sharon Frew
Alex Cole-Hamilton , of the Scottish Liberal Democrats , said : `` Edinburgh has two of the most polluted streets in the country in my constituency and protests like this send a message to politicians that this has to be at the top of the political agenda .
`` This should be a cross-party issue , for Scotland in 2017 is still the sick man of Europe and we have to change that . ''
Mike Young , of the Talking Tandems , said : `` Tandems enable me to get out and experience Scotland despite being blind .
`` We 're here today to remind people that cycling takes many different forms but getting out on a tandem or an adaptive bike takes extra thought and things like chicanes can be a real barrier to non-standard bikes . ''
Louise McLeary added : `` I 'm also a blind cyclist and I cycle to keep fit - when I first started I could barely go a mile and now I can cycle 60 to 65 miles in a day and have even cycled in a velodrome. ``
Another event is scheduled on Sunday in Glasgow where the Scottish Minister of Transport , Humza Yousaf , is expected to speak .
Organiser David Brennan urged cyclists to `` do the double '' and attend the first Pedal on Parliament in Glasgow on Sunday .
He said : `` In its sixth year we 've seen POP become a truly national movement , united behind safer streets for all .
`` I want my children to grow up in a truly cycle-friendly Scotland and that 's why we 're taking our message right across the country . ''
Download : The STV News app is Scotland 's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play . Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are .
Introduction
Place matters . While many like to think of the United States as a country where anyone willing to work hard can succeed , the reality for many is more complicated . The American Dream lies far out of reach for young people across much of the country not due to any individual shortcomings , but due to the unique mix of social , cultural , and economic forces at work in their communities—forces that condition and affect , if not always determine , lifetime outcomes .
Raj Chetty , Nathaniel Hendren , and their colleagues at Harvard University 's Equality of Opportunity Project ( EOP ) set out to measure these effects of place on children 's earnings as adults ( so-called neighborhood effects ) . They controlled for a large number of individual and family characteristics in order to isolate the effect of place alone , which they call the “ childhood exposure effect. ” It measures the percent increase or decrease in income at age 26 relative to the national mean that a child can expect by spending one additional year in any given county . Some counties have positive exposure effects ( boosting incomes ) , some negative ( reducing them ) .
EIG merged EOP 's data on economic mobility with its own Distressed Communities Index ( DCI ) data on economic well-being to produce a dynamic analysis of how the economic situation in a place today may impact the economic opportunities of its residents tomorrow . Of course , we can not see the future , and this piece only extrapolates the childhood exposure effects documented in EOP 's work ( based on the incomes at age 26 of children born from 1980 to 1986 ) by associating them with the prevailing economic conditions in counties from 2010 to 2014 . The results are therefore best interpreted as whether , for example , a county that is prospering today has a history ( or not ) of boosting economic mobility . Whether the county delivers on or defies past performance remains to be seen .
When she was just 5 years old , Jill Redwood decided she wanted to live like a hermit . For the last 30 years , Redwood has lived off the grid in a house she made herself out of reused and recycled material . The home 's walls are made from cow dung and timber offcuts .
From The Daily Mail :
Ms Redwood , a writer and environmental activist , hates supermarkets and only eats food she 's grown and made herself on her 15-acre property on the edge of the forest in East Gippsland in Victoria .
Ms Redwood , who says she is ‘ over 50 ' , spent her early adult life working in Melbourne as a lab technician before she started travelling around Victoria working a variety of different jobs including truck cleaning , fruit picking and labouring .
She lived on a number of different properties before buying the land in East Gippsland in 1983 .
Ms Redwood said the home took eight years to build , during which time she lived in a smaller dirt-floored bark hut on the property .
She said she had no homebuilding experience but had previously built shacks and chicken sheds , and had read about how early settlers used to build their homes .
‘ It 's just like baking a cake , you just follow the recipe , ' she said .
Ms Redwood said the cracks in the timber walls of her home were filled in with a mixture of cow pats and lime .
‘ That is another early settlers ' method for chinking up the holes in logs and awkward-to-get places , ' she said .
‘ It 's non-toxic and it seemed like it was the sensible thing to do . Cow poo is n't all that offensive , it 's really just mushed up grass .
‘ Once you gather a bucket of it and mix it with lime it actually has a fishy smell until it 's dried . '
Ms Redwood said the house cost less than $ 3000 to build , with most of the money spent on roofing and floorboards .
Her house is totally solar-powered , with hot water coming from her wooden stove .
‘ When I cook the food it warms the house , ' she said .
‘ The power I use is minimal – I need the office equipment like the computer and scanner and the modem for the internet .
‘ I also use lights at night , a radio and a food processor and when the sun really shines and there 's a lot of power coming in I 've got a washing machine . That 's a luxury . '
Ms Redwood 's toilet is an old-fashioned ‘ dunny ' .
‘ When it fills up you 've got to carry it out and bury it , ' she said .
All Ms Redwood 's possessions including furniture , bedding and cutlery are either salvaged from the tip or bought second-hand .
‘ I know it sounds awful but a lot of it comes from tips… I 'm a tip rat from way back , ' she joked .
‘ It 's amazing the things that you find people throwing out . '
Ms Redwood said she is passionate about preserving the environment and her local forest , and so she believes she should reflect that in her lifestyle .
‘ The way the world is going it 's just swallowing up the earth and all the nature that is left and what I 'm trying to do is not only walk my talk but campaign for better treatment of the planet and its animals , ' she said .
Ms Redwood said became disenchanted with society at a young age .
‘ [ Society ] seemed to be destroying things that I really loved , like forests and nature , ' she said .
‘ Everything was pointing me in the direction of just getting away from society and having my own little patch and animals .
‘ A love of animals was a big part of it . '
She added that she has always preferred a solitary lifestyle .
‘ I 've never liked lots of people and crowds . Individuals are fine but when humans get together in big numbers they 're bad news from what I 've seen , ' she said ,
‘ I 've never had a full-time partner for any length of time . '
Ms Redwood occasionally has ‘ WWOOFers ' ( Willing Workers on Organic Farms ) stay with her , but she is happiest when it 's just her and her animals .
‘ I have had people sharing the place , I 've had people stay in the bark hut , ' she said .
‘ But I 've mostly always just done my own thing and yeah , people have come and gone .
‘ Animals are so reliable , faithful and honest and they have no baggage . '
Ms Redwood has many animals on her property including dogs , horses , milking goats , geese and chickens .
She makes her own goats cheese and has a large fruit and vegetable garden .
Ms Redwood only eats organic , vegetarian food she has produced herself – apart from a few exceptions like olive oil , flour , chocolate and Vegemite .
‘ It depends on the season , the garden dictates what 's on the menu , ' she said .
‘ Even in winter when people think there 's not much growing there are loads .
‘ In summer there 's too much to eat , it 's embarrassing there 's so much food here . '
Ms Redwood – who makes juices , pickles , jams , sauces and dried fruits among other things – says she does n't understand why more people do n't grow their own food .
‘ I would hate to have to rely on a supermarket and denatured food to sustain me , ' she said .
‘ It seems alien when you go into a supermarket see the things people buy… All the life and goodness processed out of it with additives that you would n't wash your floors with . '
Ms Redwood makes a small amount of money freelance writing and cartooning , writing for Earth Garden magazine and by paying herself an honorarium from an environmental organisation she runs .
‘ It 's nothing all that reliable but it 's enough to pay the rates and buy a bag of chook feed , ' she said .
‘ I live on between $ 50 and $ 100 a week . I can live on very little , I do n't have to pay electricity bills .
‘ Most of the money does go on the animals . '
Ms Redwood admits she is ‘ a bit extreme ' with the lengths she goes to stay ‘ off the grid ' , but she thinks most people could take steps to make their lifestyles more environmentally friendly .
‘ I know a lot of people that live a town life do n't have a lot of time outside of their work and they often do n't have a lot of room for keeping chooks and stuff , ' she said .
‘ Just try to have minimal impact and when you do have to buy from shops and supermarkets try to go for the most healthy food with the least packaging and processing and that helps the planet as well as your own body . '
SUNRISE , Fla. – After traveling for more than 30 hours from Sweden to Buffalo , Tim Kennedy was ready to restart his life in Rochester . It almost did n't happen because of a waiver claim .
But after Sabres General Manager Tim Murray worked out a deal , Kennedy took the ice with the Amerks on Monday . He 's looking forward to being part of the Sabres ' organization again .
“ I 'm just really happy to be back in Rochester , ” Kennedy told the Amerks ' website . “ I 'm just going to come in and try to help the team win . ”
Kennedy , who played parts of two seasons with the Sabres , has led a gypsy life since getting bought out by ex-Buffalo GM Darcy Regier in 2010 . The 30-year-old has gone from Connecticut to Florida to Rochester to Texas to Massachusetts to San Jose to Phoenix to Maine to Pennsylvania to Russia to Finland to Sweden . He started this season with Lulea of the Swedish Hockey League , recording two goals and two assists in 18 games , but the sides terminated the contract Thursday .
Buffalo signed Kennedy to a minor-league deal Saturday , but he needed to go through waivers because he started the season in Europe . Carolina 's American Hockey League affiliate in Charlotte claimed the center .
The South Buffalo native signed with Rochester to get his wife and three young children close to home , so it 's possible he would n't have reported to the Checkers .
“ Charlotte has since transferred his contract back to our organization , ” Murray said . “ We are happy to have Tim join the Amerks and look forward to his contributions this season . ”
Kennedy becomes the second-oldest player on the Amerks , behind 31-year-old defenseman Tyson Strachan . The Amerks are banking on Kennedy to boost their offense and the prospects ' chances of reaching the NHL . Kennedy played 162 games with the Sabres , Panthers , Sharks and Coyotes , so he knows what it takes to reach the big leagues .
The center will skate between two of Buffalo 's top prospects , left wing Alexander Nylander and right wing Justin Bailey .
“ I can remember when I was a young guy , ” Kennedy said . “ Now it 's reversed where I 'm the older guy . I think your time in hockey goes quick , and you have to like the experience . You have to just take advantage of it , and it 's cool to be the older guy now and just help these young guys hopefully mature into really good young professionals . ”
Kennedy has played 335 games in the AHL , recording 71 goals , 196 assists and 267 points . The Amerks entered Monday 's game in middle of the pack in scoring , ranking 15th with 77 goals in 28 games , an average of 2.75 .
With an 11-16-1 record , they entered the home game against Binghamton in 12th place in the 14-team Eastern Conference .
“ He certainly is going to bring some leadership to our group , ” Amerks coach Dan Lambert said . “ He 's been right around a point-a-game guy at this level . He 's got the NHL experience . It 's certainly something we were probably short of in the first part of the season , so having him is certainly welcoming .
“ I think it 's important to surround your young prospects with older guys that do things the right way and can provide leadership and a better chance at success as well . He 's a guy that is capable of doing that . He 's done that in the past , and we are looking forward to adding him . ”
The New Jersey-based costume company suing Kmart for stealing its banana costume has reached a settlement outside the court , said Rasta Imposta CEO Robert Berman .
`` We 're going to continue selling to Kmart in the future , '' Berman told CNBC .
Berman declined to provide details of the settlement .
For almost a decade , Kmart had purchased Rasta Imposta 's banana suit costume , a full-body yellow peel with a black stem at the head and foot . But this Halloween season Kmart did n't order the banana costume after `` the parties had some difficulty reaching an agreement , '' and Kmart decided to buy its banana costume from another vendor , according to the court filing .
Kmart declined to comment .
When Berman saw Kmart 's new banana costume , however , he went bananas .
`` When you take a design that has the same pattern , that 's infringing , '' he said . `` Bananas are copyright-able . ''
Indeed , Rasta Imposta owns a copyright registration for the banana costume design with the U.S . Copyright Office . In September , Rasta Imposta filed a lawsuit against Kmart and its parent company Sears , seeking damages .
The banana costume is an integral part of Berman 's business - he sells thousands of the yellow suits each year , he said . `` We 've tried a lot of fruits and vegetables , but there 's something about bananas that are inherently funny , '' he said .
He refuted that he was trying to secure a monopoly over the banana costume . `` Be creative and come up with your own interpretation of the banana , '' Berman said .
But June Besek , a copyright professor at Columbia Law School , said that it 's tricky to create a different kind of banana than the one we 're all used to seeing at the supermarket .
`` There 's just this overwhelming impression of a banana that you ca n't get around , '' Besek told CNBC .
A Chuck E. Cheese 's in Oak Lawn that has been plagued by violent incidents , including an alleged shooting of a patron shortly after he left the eatery on Saturday , has informed the village it intends to leave town rather than face possible license revocation , a village official said .
The move , which was confirmed by a company spokeswoman , was announced just hours before village trustees were set to hold a special meeting Wednesday evening to discuss initiating disciplinary proceedings against the children 's restaurant .
That meeting , set for 6 p.m. , was postponed after CEC Entertainment , the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese 's , contacted the village to inform officials that it had initiated discussions to leave Oak Lawn .
`` What 's critical here is that they contacted us , and through many hours of discussion into the evening hours and into today , they informed us that they were making a decision to move out of Oak Lawn , '' Village Manager Larry Deetjen said on Wednesday .
A CEC Entertainment spokeswoman confirmed that the company had contacted the village to express its intention to pull out of Oak Lawn , but declined further comment on its decision .
Just Tuesday evening , in an email to the Daily Southtown , CEC Entertainment had expressed its desire to remain in Oak Lawn and avoid license revocation proceedings , saying , `` We believe there 's been a misunderstanding about this latest incident and we are working towards a solution . ''
It 's not clear why the company changed course , but Deetjen said he considered CEC Entertainment a `` responsible business owner '' for pre-emptively making the decision to depart , and expressed disappointment that , despite the company 's best efforts to alleviate safety issues at its Oak Lawn restaurant over the years , those problems had persisted .
`` Poised with what they felt was a board 's decision to consider ( license ) revocation , they said , 'We 've looked at this and we think this is best for all parties , and we 're going to decide to move , ' '' Deetjen said . `` That 's what a good corporate citizen does . They tried a lot of things . We 're appreciative . But at this point it has n't worked . The model has n't worked at this location . ''
Since 2011 , Oak Lawn police have responded to more than 300 calls and made more than two dozen arrests at the restaurant , 4031 W. 95th St. , mostly for battery and disorderly conduct , according to village data .
Village trustees had considered taking disciplinary action against the business following a violent incident inside the restaurant this August , but instead decided — after meeting with company executives who promised additional safety enhancements — to form a committee composed of village officials and residents to monitor developments over the next six to eight months before making any decisions .
Saturday 's shooting , which occurred before the newly-formed advisory committee had even met , accelerated the trustees ' timetable to consider action , and a special meeting was hastily planned for Wednesday to vote on initiating disciplinary hearings against the business .
The village has worked closely with CEC Entertainment over the years to enhance safety at the location following violent incidents there , but the problem has not abated .
CEC installed surveillance cameras and monitors throughout the establishment , rearranged its interior to increase visibility and sight lines , and added `` Rules of Conduct '' signage to enhance compliance with restaurant policies .
It also pays to have multiple Oak Lawn police officers work a security detail inside the restaurant Thursday through Sunday , and in 2014 , it voluntarily relinquished its liquor license .
Even Kimco , which owns the shopping center , has done its part to improve security at the location — enhancing exterior lighting and paying for a police car to sit in the parking lot outside the store .
Security upgrades made at the Oak Lawn restaurant this fall , following the August incident , included the hiring of an additional off-duty police officer to provide on-site security on weekends ; the outfitting of game room attendants in brightly colored vests to make them more identifiable ; the enhancement of both interior and exterior lighting ; an increase in the prominence of code of conduct messaging ; and the repositioning of a number of popular games that had been located side-by-side to decrease the potential for crowding .
Deetjen said Wednesday that the restaurant would remain open as it coordinates its transition out of the community , and that it had verbally agreed to maintain its police security detail and various safety enhancements until it closes .
The exact details and timeline for Chuck E. Cheese 's departure from the community are still being worked out , but Deetjen said he 's optimistic that both parties will eventually reach an agreement . Trustees must then approve the agreement at a public meeting , he said .
Once Chuck E. Cheese 's is gone , Deetjen said the village would work with Kimco , the shopping center 's owner , to redevelop the property in a way that is consistent with Oak Lawn 's vision for the 95th Street corridor .
zkoeske @ tribpub.com
Twitter @ ZakKoeske
Rachel Maddow can no more restore reason to the Mainstream media pundit class than Barack Obama can remake Washington politics . They might push some and pull some , tug at the corners and give us a hint of the shape it could take if we all grabbed an end . Maddows does a little of that every day .
In a year bursting with memorable moments in televised political punditry , the first may have come on January 8 , when MSNBC commentator Rachel Maddow explained one of the quick-spreading theories behind Hillary Clinton 's victory in New Hampshire , a surprise win that had knocked many of Maddow 's on-air colleagues on their asses .
`` You want to know who they 're blaming for women voters breaking for Hillary Clinton over Barack Obama ? '' a delighted Maddow asked co-panelist Pat Buchanan and host Chris Matthews , her eyes flashing . `` They 're blaming Chris Matthews ! People are citing specifically Chris ... not only for his own views but also as a symbol of what the mainstream media has done to Hillary Clinton . ''
Matthews sputtered dismissively , but Maddow was n't done yet . `` People feel the media is piling on Hillary Clinton , '' she said , `` and they 're coming to her defense with their votes . '' For Matthews , who 'd been enjoying near rapturous pleasure over the presumptive early-season thumping of his personal hobgoblin , there could not have been worse news than that his own commentary might have paved the way for Clinton 's triumph . Yet here was just this headline , delivered by Maddow , looking like Sylvester the Cat , practically licking yellow feathers from the corners of her mouth .
`` I did n't mean it in a mean way at all , '' says Maddow over breakfast on a summer day many months and many MSNBC promotions away from that indelible January night . `` But I knew that it was just going to blow his mind . ''
A boy in Tennessee received an unexpected surprise after a stranger learned of his donation to President Trump .
Shortly after Inauguration Day , Eli'sha Davies , 9 , learned that the president was taking a big salary cut in his new job . So he decided to send him $ 3 to help him pay his bills , WGRZ reported .
The story gained attention after Trump wrote him back this week , reportedly sending a letter , a picture , and the $ 3 , urging Davies to put it towards bettering his community .
But Davies ' mother told reporters that the money was actually meant to go towards a new mandolin the boy had been saving for , WGRZ reported . But he was having trouble because he kept finding people he thought needed the money more than he did , like the president .
KANSAS DRIVER MAKES STUDENTS ‘ FEEL GOOD ' WITH FESTIVE SCHOOL BUS DECORATIONS
The Young Musicians Education Foundation Inc. is a local charity that helps kids get access to instruments who otherwise would n't be able to afford them , WGRZ reported .
When John Wildeman , the president of the Foundation , heard about Davies ' story , he decided that he wanted to help out , so he gifted him the mandolin he wanted .
`` $ 3 is a lot of money to a little kid , most kids , '' Wildeman said . `` For him to sacrifice that and send that money to someone who he thought really needed it , that meant an awful lot to me . ''
`` I 'm like a kid at Christmas when I know we 're giving a child an instrument like this , '' Wildeman said . `` It 's just a thrill for me to be able to do it . ''
FORMERLY CONJOINED TWINS THRIVING AFTER SEPARATION SURGERY
Guitar Center , a music store , reportedly jumped on the donation as well , sending Davies picks , strings , a tuner and chord chart to help him in his practice .
Davies , who began playing the instrument at church , was ecstatic to now be able to practice at home , WGRZ reported .
`` I 'd like to say that he was really generous to do that for me , '' Davies said about the donation .
Now that he has his mandolin , the boy said he wants to figure out what to put his money towards .
“ Well I just want to be a blessing to everyone , ” Davies said .
If you 're a parent who has a fear of confrontation , let Mary Katherine Backstorm be your inspiration !
The Southern mom was in the checkout line at Target when she noticed a young boy and girl - roughly 11 or 12 years old - in front of her , snickering at the cashier , who had clearly suffered a `` very devastating accident and cranial reconstructive surgery . '' He had staples in his head and a drooping eyelid , and Backstorm noticed that the kids `` were getting their cell phones out and trying to take pictures of him with Snapchat filters '' to text to their friends .
`` I 'm just not very confident sometimes in my adulthood . . . that I can be an adult in situations like this , '' Backstorm said in a Facebook video , admitting that often these kids intimidate her .
Today , however , the self-proclaimed `` super-nonconfrontational '' mom , heart racing , set her cart aside and approached the two kids and told them they were being `` very cruel '' to that man .
Related
Wait Until You See Why This Mom Was Shamed in the Baby Aisle at Target
`` In that moment I realized , 'Yes , yes , I 'm an adult , ' '' she said . `` ' I can do this . I can take control of the situation and teach them a lesson . ' ''
The kids apologized , but Backstorm did n't let things end there .
She asked them how they were getting home , and they said their mom was picking them up . She decided to wait with them so she could let her know what happened .
And to her surprise , what `` started out just awful '' ended in a way that gave her hope .
Although it 's better to watch the video to hear Backstorm retell what happened when she confronted the other mom , her final message is one worth repeating :
As virtual reality ( VR ) is going through its first steps in the world and anyone can get their hands on the first devices of this generation , the way media covers this new industry is also going through a series of changes.What are those changes I wondered , and how can I see how journalists are writing about VR in general ?
My company is a PR and consulting agency in the video games industry , and I am very much a VR enthusiast , as can attest the presence of my Kickstarter-backed Oculus DK1 in my office alongside its younger siblings . The following article is how VR is treated by the video games media , across different countries and cultures , over a set period of time .
Who covered VR ? Which countries covered VR more than other ? And what we learn is that some territories are way more interested in this new technology than others
A quick word on the methodology , our media monitor tool scrapped the articles published by about 4,000 websites that are covering video games in some shape or form . To keep things relevant , I limited the research to websites that cover video games as their core activity , and I excluded the media that were not in the five main languages I was interested in ( English , French , Italian , German and Spanish – commonly referred to as EFIGS ) as well as websites that do n't have a minimum regular output . I also had to limit the research in time , and elected for a 12 months period , from the 1st of May 2015 to the 30th of April 2016 .
VR Media Reach
Out of the 768 websites that qualified for the research , the first information I checked was if the websites covered VR at all during the highlighted period .
81 % of the videogames websites had covered VR in some capacity . Considering the criteria were pretty simple ( mentioning any of the VR devices , or VR itself , in at least one article ) , this is not that high a number .
What is also very revealing is the fact that in English , this number is 100 % . All the English websites had covered VR in the period , compared to 71 % of the German and French websites . The fact that VR is a stronger topic amongst English media is further confirmed when looking at the actual numbers of articles published that were touching on VR .
There were four times more articles in English on VR than they were in French , the least VR-enthusiast media environment .
This needs to be brought to the scale of all these media , but it is important to know that there are actually fewer articles in games media every year in English than in German . The scale at which VR is covered is truly larger in the English online games media .
Here is another graph illustrating this nicely .
I have tried to put together a formula that would show the “ VR media impact ” of all the different websites in the research . It accounts for both the number of articles that were published that mention VR , and for the size of the media ( based on its Alexa ranking ) . This was a good way for us to see if a VR-dedicated media landscape was forming and getting traction .
This is just a snapshot across all the languages , but it is very impressive to see that only in English those media dedicated to the space are appearing . And to be fair , in French , etr.fr is actually doing decently , as well as realovirtual.com in Spanish , but no VR dedicated media in German or Italian have managed to build a significant audience .
In the end , this is an early technology , and early adopters are the ones that will be the most avid to get information about it , often going through the pain of getting the information in a different language , so the dominance of English media here is quite natural , but it also means we are still in those early stages and maturity has n't been reached . I also think these are opportunities to be seized .
You can find the full report on our website , with more details country-per-country , an analysis of the different tethered head mounted displays ( HMDs ) media presence , and a look at the VR games that were the most successful at getting mentioned by the online games media .
As part of this guest feature with VRFocus , you can use the code vr_focus to get a 60 % discount on the report , valid for the first 50 persons to download it . You can also find there our report on the general landscape of videogames , which is available for free .
The Los Angeles Rams made a post on Instagram about their support for the LGBT community during pride month . Rock star Tom Morello loved it .
While many folks had negative comments about the social media post , Morello ( known mostly for his work as the frontman of Rage Against The Machine ) had nothing but love .
RIGHT ON ! ! It 's ok to be a fan of football AND equality despite what some of the bigoted , hateful comments here would indicate . THANK YOU @ rams .
Morello has said he has been a fan of the Rams since he was born . Morello has said his favorite things about the team were the Fearsome Foursome , Roman Gabriel and the helmets .
We took a screenshot of the comment from Morello below so you can see his response . This is not the first time that Morello has posted about the Rams endorsing social justice .
Obama Wins Nobel , Vows 'Call To Action '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gerald Herbert/AP Gerald Herbert/AP
President Obama was `` surprised and deeply humbled '' to be selected for the Nobel Peace Prize , he said Friday , promising to accept the honor as a `` call to action '' to meet the challenges ahead in his presidency .
At a short White House speech , Obama said he did not view the surprise award as a recognition of his own accomplishments , but rather as a recognition of goals he has set for the United States and the world .
Heard On NPR Rare Mideast Agreement On Obama Prize Rare Mideast Agreement On Obama Prize Listen · 4:01 4:01 How The Nobel Committee Works How The Nobel Committee Works Listen · 0:54 0:54 NPR 's Scott Horsley Reports On Obama 's Reaction Obama Surprised At Winning Nobel Peace Prize Listen · 3:53 3:53 Obama 's Fellow Laureate Wiesel : ' I Confess Surprise ' Obama 's Fellow Laureate Wiesel : ' I Confess Surprise ' Listen · 3:59 3:59 Presidential Historian : Nobel Boosts Obama 's Prestige Presidential Historian : Nobel Boosts Obama 's Status Listen · 3:59 3:59
`` I do not feel that I deserve to be in the company of so many transformative figures that have been honored by this prize , '' Obama said , later adding , `` This award must be shared with everyone who strives for justice and dignity . ''
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Obama will donate the $ 1.4 million cash award that comes with the prize to charity . He said it was likely more than one charity would share the award , but Obama had not yet decided whom to give it to yet .
Obama becomes the third sitting president — and the first since Woodrow Wilson in 1919 — to win the prize . Theodore Roosevelt won the award in 1906 . Former President Jimmy Carter won in 2002 , and former Vice President Al Gore won in 2007 .
He won the prize `` for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples , '' the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced , saying it had `` attached special importance to Obama 's vision of and work for a world without nuclear weapons . ''
Commanders In Peace : The White House Laureates The list of Nobel Peace Prize laureates now includes three sitting U.S. presidents , one sitting vice president , one former president and a former vice president . 2009 : President Barack Obama for efforts `` to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples . '' 2007 : Former Vice President Al Gore , shared with the intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , for work `` to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change . '' 2002 : Former President Jimmy Carter , for his work `` to find peaceful solutions to international conflicts , to advance democracy and human rights , and to promote economic and social development . '' 1925 : Vice President Charles Gates Dawes , for his work as chairman of a League of Nations panel that made recommendations on German reparations after World War I . He shared the prize with British Foreign Secretary Austen Chamberlain , honored for efforts to promote Franco-German reconciliation . 1919 : President Woodrow Wilson , for founding the League of Nations . 1906 : President Teddy Roosevelt , for his work on various various peace treaties . Source : The Nobel Foundation
`` Only very rarely has a person to the same extent as Obama captured the world 's attention and given its people hope for a better future , '' Thorbjoern Jagland , chairman of the Nobel Committee , said . `` In the past year Obama has been a key person for important initiatives in the U.N. for nuclear disarmament and to set a completely new agenda for the Muslim world and East-West relations . ''
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Obama woke up to the news a little before 6 a.m. EDT .
`` This is not how I expected to wake up this morning , '' Obama said .
He added that the committee endorsed his appeal that `` now is the time for all of us to take our share of responsibility for a global response to global challenges . ''
The Nobel Committee received a record 205 nominations for this year 's prize . It was not immediately known who nominated Obama .
`` The exciting and important thing about this prize is that it 's given to someone ... who has the power to contribute to peace , '' Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said .
But Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele launched a rhetorical rebuke .
`` What has President Obama actually accomplished ? '' he said . `` It is unfortunate that the president 's star power has outshined tireless advocates who have made real achievements working towards peace and human rights . ''
Wilson and Roosevelt had `` significant accomplishments in office when they won the prize , '' presidential historian Robert Dallek told NPR 's Morning Edition . He noted that Roosevelt had mediated the end of the Russo-Japanese War in 1905 , while Wilson was instrumental in the establishment of the League of Nations after World War I .
The action also `` clearly is a kind of poke in the eye to the George W. Bush administration , because what it is saying is America is back on the scene after eight years of Bush , back on the scene as a nation that is on the forefront of promoting world peace , '' Dallek said .
The Nobel Committee 's action also `` clearly is a kind of poke in the eye to the George W. Bush administration , because what it is saying is America is back on the scene after eight years of Bush , back on the scene as a nation that is on the forefront of promoting world peace , '' Dallek said .
`` In this case , the prize will add , or increase , his moral authority , '' political activist and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel said of Obama . Wiesel won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986 .
`` I confess to surprise '' at the news , Wiesel told NPR . He joked that he would now have to refer to Obama as `` my fellow Nobel laureate . ''
`` The Nobel Prize committee has its own rules and they may decide anything they want . They may decide that encouragement is part of the experiment , '' Wiesel said , noting Obama 's short tenure as president .
In his 1895 will , Alfred Nobel stipulated that the peace prize should go `` to the person who shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity between the nations and the abolition or reduction of standing armies and the formation and spreading of peace congresses . ''
Unlike the other Nobel Prizes , which are awarded by Swedish institutions , he said the peace prize should be given out by a five-member committee elected by the Norwegian Parliament . Sweden and Norway were united under the same crown at the time of Nobel 's death .
The committee has taken a wide interpretation of Nobel 's guidelines , expanding the prize beyond peace mediation to include efforts to combat poverty , disease and climate change .
The award comes at a sensitive time for the administration . Obama is meeting Friday with his top advisers on the Afghan war to consider a request by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , to send as many as 40,000 more troops to Afghanistan as the U.S war there enters its ninth year .
The president ordered 21,000 additional troops to Afghanistan earlier this year and has continued the use of unmanned drones for attacks on militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan , a strategy devised by the Bush administration . The attacks often kill or injure civilians living in the area .
From NPR and wire service reports
Andy Cohen , the host of Bravo 's “ Watch What Happens Live ” and the network 's popular “ Real Housewives ” reunions , shared his unexpected path to on-air success .
“ I wanted to be on TV , ” Cohen told RuPaul and a packed audience at Santa Monica High School for Live Talks L.A. “ I originally wanted to be on TV and be able to be myself on TV . I did n't know what incarnation that would be . I thought that would be on a morning show because it seemed so diverse . I did major in broadcast journalism and worked at CBS News for 10 years . ”
“ When I started my time at CBS News , I kinda gave up on being in front of the camera , ” he continued . “ It was only 16 years into my TV career that through a wild series of events I ended up in front of the camera . ”
“ I think everybody here is a fan of the ‘ Housewives , ' which is your baby . And that 's how you got in front of the camera , when it came time to doing reunion specials , you would host them , ” RuPaul explained .
“ That 's right , ” Cohen replied . “ My boss had me already writing a blog on BravoTV.com and hosting this web show calling ‘ Watch What Happens ' and we needed someone to do a ‘ Housewives ' reunion and she said , ‘ would you want to do it , ' and I said ‘ absolutely . ' ”
Related Andy Cohen 's ‘ Watch What Happens Live ' Gets New Digs , Title for 2017 ( EXCLUSIVE )
When the network asked Cohen how much he wanted for the hosting gig , Cohen responded “ do n't pay me . ”
“ I was actually running programming at the time , and I knew that was the job I was meant to be in , ” Cohen explained . “ If you start thinking ‘ Oh no , now I 'm this [ on-air personality ] , ' that 's never going to fly . ”
“ I took as little money from them as possible for as long as I could , and I just thought if I am ever worth something to these guys , at the time I 'm worth something , that is the point I ask for what I 'm worth . And I did . ”
The rest , as they say , was reality TV history .
Since 2008 , Cohen , who serves as executive producer on all of the franchise 's shows , has hosted more than 20 reunions , each an all-day affair and often broken up into several episodes .
He left his programming role to focus on hosting “ Watch What Happens Live ” five nights a week and a radio show , and his own book imprint ( “ Superficial , ” his third book , was released in November and was the focus of the Live Talk event ) .
Cohen offered more insights into the “ Housewives ” franchise , saying that the Miami show “ did n't work out ” and that he fought for a second season of “ The Real Housewives of D.C. ” but lost ( Cohen called this year 's “ Potomac ” entry “ D.C . adjacent ” ) . When asked what the next “ Housewives ” city could be , Cohen replied , “ maybe Nashville ? ”
And what of an “ Real Housewives : All Stars ” spinoff , featuring the biggest personalities from each city , Cohen laughed off the idea .
“ The shows are still doing really , really well , ” Cohen said . “ So when they really start petering out , we 'll just throw eight of them on an island . ”
Kasparov training Hikaru Nakamura
Kasparov writes about the cooperation in his exclusive New In Chess Magazine column , and , in an eight-page feature , contributor Macauley Peterson interviews Nakamura at length about his work with the man he considers `` the greatest chess player ever '' . We learn about the origins and progress of the new collaboration , as Nakamura cements his place among the world elite , plus new information about the end of Kasparov 's previous partnership with world number one Magnus Carlsen .
Kasparov and Nakamura started working together before the Tata Steel Tournament in Wijk aan Zee last January , which ended in the American 's greatest triumph to date . Looking back with new knowledge it 's easy to understand what part Kasparov played in his success . Nakamura reveals that he first talked with the 13th World Champion about a possible cooperation at the London Chess Classic . `` The beginning of it would have been last December when , right before the London Classic , I got an email from Rex , and he sort of wrote it in a cryptic way where he said he had spoken with Kasparov , and there 's something that he wanted to talk to me about . It did n't reveal any specifics , but I just put two and two together . ''
Rex Sinquefield , Garry Kasparov and Hikaru Nakamura
“ Rex ” is Rex Sinquefield , whose many contributions to the game in recent years include the Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis – possibly the finest chess club in the world , and the current venue for the U.S. Championship . The Chess Club is now joined by Sinquefield-sponsored World Chess Hall of Fame ( also covered in NIC 2011/07 ) which sits just across the street . Nakamura moved to Saint Louis in 2010 and you do n't have to guess long to know what Mr. Sinquefield hopes Hikaru will achieve for his country .
In London , Nakamura and Kasparov indeed spoke about teaming up and Hikaru did n't have to think twice . `` I knew right away that I would definitely take up the offer simply because there are certain times – certain opportunities you have in life just do n't come around that often , and certainly having the opportunity to work with , at least what I consider to be , the greatest chess player ever , is sort of an opportunity you ca n't turn down . ''
As was the case when he was working with Magnus Carlsen , Kasparov believes that keeping his role secret gave his protégé an advantage over rivals . Nakamura is less certain about this advantage , and felt that by April several of his colleagues knew anyway , even if they did n't speak about it .
It 's clear that two outspoken and temperamental characters like Kasparov and Nakamura can reach great heights together , but their temperaments will also inevitably lead to differences of opinion . In his New In Chess column Kasparov writes : `` I had the opportunity to work extensively with Magnus , and I have been working less formally with Hikaru since the start of the year . '' Kasparov goes on to say that the American 's talent is evident , but he grumbles about Nakamura 's interest in poker , which could impede his chess progress .
Whereas Kasparov remains reluctant to talk about their work , Nakamura speaks candidly and in detail with interviewer Macauley Peterson . His opponents may now know that he gets help from Kasparov , but they will find out much more about what makes Nakamura tick when they read his views and convictions .
The full contents are in the current issue of the magazine , which you can order here .
50 Shades Of Grey By The Numbers
6 SHARES Facebook Twitter
There are a lot of burning questions about the film adaptation of “ Fifty Shades Of Grey. ” Questions that burn hotter and redder than the shame we feel , the delicious awful shame of knowing – oh crap – that MTV News got to see a screening of the movie earlier this week .
But with that knowledge comes jealousy , regret , and other emotions , as there are questions that need to be answered . Just how much sex is in “ Fifty Shades Of Grey ? ” Does Anastasia say “ holy crap ” a lot , just like she does in the book ? And what of her inner goddess ?
Before the movie hits theaters on February 13 , find out just exactly what you 're in store for with this by-the-numbers infographic , brought to you by MTV News .
Full Size : 50 Shades Of Grey By The Numbers
Subscribe To Our Newsletter We send one email , once a week , with the most popular & interesting infographics of the week . Subscribe
Comments
comments
Forum Forums Share Share
Disney 's Hollywood Studios expanded its Star Wars offerings earlier today with the debut of the new 'Star Wars - A Galaxy Far , Far , Away ' stage show .
Taking place in-front of the Chinese Theater on the newly built Center Stage , the 15 minute show features favorite Star Wars characters and clips from the Star War movies . On stage appearances include Kylo Ren , Chewbacca , Darth Vader , Storm Troopers , C-3PO , BB8 , Bobba Fett and Darth Maul .
Ahead of the show , Captain Phasma from Star Wars The Force Awakens , leads a march of First Order Stormtroopers from Star Wars Launch Bay to Center Stage . The march passes through the crowds and ends with a photo moment on stage .
You can catch both the march and show multiple times per day , with the march typically on the hour , and the show at the half hour . Check times guide for daily hours .
Discuss on the Forums
Article Posted :
At Soldier Field on Monday night , the Chicago Bears coin toss winning streak ended at 14 in a row .
You could say it was flipping amazing while it lasted .
As we detailed last week , Bears broadcast statistician Doug Colletti found that the team won the final five coin tosses last season , all four preseason flips , and five more in the current season ( including one at the start of overtime on Sept. 24 ) . The probability of winning a coin toss 15 times in a row is 1 in 32,768 , and the Bears just came up short .
Last week , academic experts from MIT , Harvard and the University of Illinois were less than impressed with the Bears 14 flip win streak .
“ The biggest coincidence of all would be if there were no such coincidences , ” said Harvard 's Joe Blitzstein .
Further research from Colletti shows that there have been 16,195 NFL regular season and playoff games since 1920 , including Monday 's contest in Chicago . ( We still do n't have an accurate count for the number of preseason games . ) So every week , this streak was getting exponentially more interesting . Literally .
Remember the point of this whole thing . The pregame coin toss gives the winner a choice : elect to kick off or receive the kick to start the game ; choose which goal the team will defend ; or defer that choice to the start of the second half . The visiting captain calls heads or tails before the coin is flipped .
There were a lot of questions we had for the Bears . Who decides whether to call heads or tails ? Is the decision made in the moment , or is it pre-planned ? How does the team decide whether to take the ball on offense or defer the decision to the second half ? Enquiring minds wanted to know .
The Bears communications staff suggested we come out to the team 's headquarters in Lake Forest and put the questions to coach John Fox during one of his media availabilities . We never made it , but a spokesperson also said that while it may seem trivial , some of those issues can deal with “ a competitive advantage. ” Far be it from us to want to expose any edge the Bears may possess .
Also this week , a clever reader pointed us to the play “ Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead ” by Tom Stoppard . The Bears , it appears , were like a modern-day Rosencrantz . They could n't lose a coin toss . Watch this clip if you want to get a taste of the hilarity .
While such long streaks are highly unlikely , the chances are good for the team starting a new streak next week . That is if you consider fifty-fifty good .
Related :
Chicago Bears ' Winning Streak Advances to 14 … Coin Flips
Sept. 29 : The likelihood of correctly calling 14 coin tosses in a row is 1 in 16,384—or about as likely as Bears fans longing for the return of Rex Grossman . In light of the Bears ' current streak , we crunch the numbers .
Power Ups that Kill ! Will Melt Your Brain
Steven Hanus , the man behind Heinous Games , has successfully melted Ouya players ' brains with Powerups that Kill ! , a small and unique indie title recently ported from Android . Hanus has found a way to use game design to essentially hack the connection between players ' eyes and brains with some of the trippiest optical illusions I 've ever witnessed .
The Basics
First , the basics . Power Ups that Kill ! places players in control of a small triangle ( spaceship ? ) that they must steer left and right to navigate a twisting passageway winding through a set of procedurally generated wavy lines . One touch of a wall ends the game , and players build up points with each round of play . Building up points unlocks different powerups in the game , and each powerup takes the trippy experience to a new level of insanity . Each powerup plays tricks on the eyes and mind in different ways as the experience grows more psychedelic and hilarious with each new unlock .
My Living Room on Digital Mushrooms
After watching the trippy and colorful lines whiz past for five to 10 minutes at a time , the visuals start to blend and melt together , similar to those magic eye puzzles that were so popular in the 90 's . After hitting a wall , the game ends and the real magic begins . As the game fades to black , my entire living room begins to shift and melt around me as my eyes struggle to adjust to reality . The game design itself makes my eyes adapt to the quickly passing rows of psychedelic waves , to the point that they expect the movement to continue after it has stopped . My eyes continue to send signals to my brain indicating that my field of vision is trippily melting downward , which causes me to see my entire living room through the eyes of Hunter S. Thompson in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas . Walls , computers , people — everything shifts and melts upwards as if my living room is about to launch into warp speed . Myself and my companions could n't stop playing this game , more for the out-of-this-world after effects than the game itself . I tried looking up YouTube videos of the game to see if they had the same effect , but unfortunately they do not . You 've got to try this one for yourself .
Free on Ouya
Powerups that Kill ! features a highly respectable monetization model for an indie game . The game is completely free to play , but the first screen a player sees is an optional donation page , giving the ability to donate a range of amounts from 99 cents to $ 10 . Heinous Games has decided to earn its money based on the game 's awesome design , rather than the irresistible allure of a free trial .
0 Shares
One month ago today , Merrill E. Newman , an 85-year-old Korean War veteran from the U.S. , was removed from an airplane just minutes before it was scheduled to depart from Pyongyang 's Sunan International Airport . Newman was then detained by authorities and put in a North Korean prison . The elderly veteran had just completed a 10-day guided sightseeing tour of the communist country .
“ My father is a veteran and wanted to see the country and culture he has been interested in for years , ” Newman 's son , Jeff , told CNN . “ He arranged this with a travel agent that was recommended and said was approved by the North Korean government for travel of foreigners . He had all the proper visas . ”
The younger Newman added : “ We understand [ he was ] five minutes from taking off when the Korean official came aboard , asked to see his passport then asked the stewardess to ask him to leave the plane and he left the plane with apparently no incident or drama and he 's been there ever since . ”
According to new reports , Newman 's arrest may have been the result of mistaken identity .
While Merrill E. Newman spent three years in North Korea as an infantry officer , he does n't appear to have been involved in any major campaigns . Merrill H. Newman , however , was a highly decorated American veteran , awarded the Silver Star for holding off a heavy Chinese offensive during the Korean War .
Their names differ by only the middle initial and they are a year apart in age .
“ The thought did occur to me , that maybe there 's a case of mistaken identity , ” Merrill H. Newman , 84 , told Reuters .
Reuters added : “ With North Korea still technically at war with the United States , Pyongyang may view the decorated Merrill H. Newman as someone worth detaining . ”
Jeff Newman also said that his father spoke with North Korean officials a day before his departure from the reclusive nation . His service record was discussed , and the younger Newman described his father as being “ bothered ” by the encounter , but not worried .
If Newman revealed that he had once fought against North Korea , he may have been arrested for espionage .
The 85-year-old veteran suffers from a heart condition that requires daily medication . Because the U.S. has no diplomatic relations with North Korea , Newman 's family must rely on the Swedish ambassador in Pyongyang to deliver the life-saving drugs .
“ We do n't know what this misunderstanding is all about , ” Jeff Newman pleaded . “ All we want as a family is to have my father , my kids ' grandfather , returned to California so he can be with his family for Thanksgiving . ”
Kenneth Bae , a 45-year-old Korean-American , has been jailed in North Korea for more than a year . He was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for what the Hermit Kingdom called “ hostile acts ” after acting as a tour leader for a group of Chinese businessmen .
The U.S. State Department has publicly called for the immediate release of both Newman and Bae .
Will Higher Tax Rates Balance the Budget ?
For more than a half century , the total amount of money that federal government has collected from all sources has increased . But that is n't surprising because over the past 50 years the economy has grown , the population has grown , and prices have risen . A more useful way to examine federal tax revenue is to look at it as a fraction of GDP , the size of the economy . In other words , each year the government takes a slice of the economy for itself . How big is that slice ? Over the past half century the government slice of the economic pie has been a pretty constant 18 percent .
In the face of budget deficits , some politicians and economists call for higher tax rates as a necessary measure for raising needed revenue . The important question is , historically , how has the government slice of the economic pie changed as tax rates have changed . In the 1950s and 1960s the top income tax rate , that 's the income tax paid by the richest Americans , was 90 percent . The top income tax rate fell in the 1960s , but was at least 50 percent all the way up to 1986 . Throughout this period , the government 's revenue was almost 17 percent of GDP . In 1987 the government lowered the top marginal income tax rate to 39 percent , then later to 28 percent , then back up to 40 percent , then down again to 35 percent , where it is today . Throughout this period the government 's revenue was just under 18 percent of GDP . It did n't matter whether tax rates on the rich were high or low . The government slice of the economic pie stayed about the same .
Of course , the top income tax rate only applies to the richest Americans . Let 's look at the average marginal rate . This is the income tax rate that applied to the average American . It appears that significant changes in income tax rates have little effect on the slice of the economic pie the government collects as tax revenue . Let 's look at some other taxes .
The capital gains tax is a tax on the sale of assets . If you buy an asset , for example a share of stock , and then later sell it for a higher price , you pay a capital gains tax on the profit you make from the sale . It did n't matter whether capital gains tax rates were high or low . The government slice of the economic pie remained at 17–18 percent . Similarly , it did n't matter whether corporate tax rates were high or low . The government 's slice of the economic pie stayed about the same .
The lesson here is that if we are concerned about balancing the budget we need to design our tax policy not to raise revenue , but to grow the economic pie as quickly as possible . The larger the economic pie grows the more tax revenue the government gets , because 18 percent of a big pie is a lot more revenue that 18 percent of a small pie . The recipe for the big pie is simple : lower tax rates and a simplified tax code .
Aleister Crowley ( 1875-1947 ) was known by his enemies as “ the wickedest man in the world ” and by himself as “ the Beast 666 ” . A bisexual , recreational drug user and self-styled prophet , he shaved his head bald , filed his incisors into points and invented a new religion , which he called Thelema , the libertinist tenets of which had been revealed to him by “ preternatural intelligences ” in 1904 . He transcribed their message into his sacred text The Book Of The Law , and subsequently appointed himself Outer Head of the Order of the Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) , a movement thought to have begun in Germany towards the end of the 19th century which Crowley remodelled around his new religion .
When Grant first met him , in 1944 , he was a cantankerous 69 , in failing health and struggling to make ends meet .
Grant had become interested in Crowley in 1939 when he chanced across his Magick in Theory and Practice in a Charing Cross Road bookshop . After being invalided out of the Army following some unspecified breakdown , in 1944 the 20-year-old Grant went to visit the occultist at his lodgings in a Buckinghamshire inn . Later he stayed with him at the Hastings guesthouse where Crowley spent his squalid final days . After his death in 1947 Grant took over as head of Crowley 's order in England .
Crowley had died without nominating an heir , but before his death he had written a letter to a friend describing Grant as “ a definite gift from the Gods ” . But a careful reading of Crowley 's writings suggests that he was praising Grant 's dedication as a secretary and errand boy , a view borne out in his letters to Grant , published as Remembering Aleister Crowley in 1991 .
The letters ( which were signed “ 666 ” or “ Baphomet ” ) alternated occultist mumbo jumbo with requests for money and peremptory demands : “ Fortnum and Mason owe me a bottle of whisky since Feb 1 , please make them cough up ! ” Crowley instructs in one missive , followed a few weeks later by “ you were close to F & M ... but no word of the whisky . It 's all very unsatisfactory . You must put a sock in it if you still want to work with me for the Order . ”
Crowley 's letters also show him enlisting Grant in the process of extracting his remaining possessions from the unsympathetic landlady of his old rooms in Jermyn Street , and sending him on “ magical ” shopping expeditions for fountain pens , brass buckles , nail files , cigarettes , a “ gold zecchino [ coin ] issued by Pope Alexander VI ” , barley sugar , hypodermic needles and drugs .
The last two items were required to treat the bouts of asthma to which Crowley was prone and which , as Grant recalled , involved injecting substances which “ were not easy to persuade doctors and chemists to dispense ” — including veronal , heroin , ethyl oxide and cocaine . The state of Crowley 's health , Grant noted , “ necessitated such massive doses that one doctor in Hastings hinted to me in confidence that he feared that his patient was a drug addict ! ”
For a time Crowley “ employed ” the young man to transcribe his manuscripts , though it is not clear whether Grant ever received any financial reward : “ I do not think he ever understood that I was an impecunious youth , ” Grant recalled , “ and it never occurred to me to enlighten him . ”
Grant claimed to have written magical papers at Crowley 's suggestion , and in 1945 he was allowed to sit the examination for initiation into the Order . After a year 's probation he was initiated into Crowley 's magical fraternity Argentum Astrum and confirmed as an IX° in the OTO .
After Crowley 's death in December 1947 , Grant was one of the few to attend his cremation service in Brighton ( described by the press as a “ black mass ” ) . According to occultists , Grant then “ took it upon himself to rework the sexual magic of the OTO along what he considered to be Tantric principles ” , with “ degrees ” awarded to initiates on the basis of their sexual experiences .
In 1951 Karl Germer , who had taken over as head of the OTO , issued a charter to Grant to open an outpost in London , a document Grant interpreted as making him the head of the order in Britain .
He began the work of founding a new lodge , and in 1955 issued a manifesto announcing his discovery of an extraterrestrial “ Sirius/Set current ” in Crowley 's work — upon which the lodge was to be based . Germer , however , disapproved of this piece of private enterprise and issued a “ Note of Expulsion ” exiling Grant from OTO .
Grant carried on as if nothing had happened , and ran his new lodge on the basis of what he claimed were “ inner plane ” powers . When Germer died in 1969 , Grant used Crowley 's Autohagiography , which he co-edited and published the same year , to declare himself Outer Head of the Order .
This later metamorphosed into the “ Typhonian ” Ordo Templi Orientis , but Grant 's right to the title remained disputed .
Kenneth Grant was born at Ilford , Essex , on May 23 1924 , the son of a Welsh clergyman . During his teens he developed an interest in oriental mysticism , and when he volunteered for the Army during the war , it was with the expectation of being sent to India , where he hoped to find a guru . Instead , after being discharged from military duties , he had to make do with Crowley .
After Crowley 's death , Grant collaborated with John Symonds in the editing and annotating of several of Crowley works , including The Magical Record of the Beast 666 ( 1972 ) , The Diary of a Drug Fiend ( 1972 ) , Moonchild ( 1972 ) , Magick ( 1973 ) , Magical and Philosophical Commentaries on the Book of the Law ( 1974 ) and The Complete Astrological Writings ( 1974 ) . He also wrote novels , poems and a series known as The Typhonian Trilogies that set out his own brand of occultism .
He spiced up his work with borrowings from Crowley , from the “ weird fiction ” writer HP Lovecraft , and with occult illustrations by his wife , Steffi , and Austin Osman Spare ( 1886-1956 ) , an artist and “ sorcerer ” who specialised in fantastical and sexually graphic drawings and paintings , some produced in pitch darkness . Over the years Grant did much to introduce Spare 's works to a new generation of occultists , including publishing Images and Oracles of Austin Osman Spare ( 1975 ) and Zos Speaks ! ( 1998 , co-authored with Steffi Grant ) , a memoir and celebration of Spare 's work .
Kenneth Grant , who died on January 15 , is survived by his wife , with whom he had a son .
This is quite amazing , have you ever wondered how much food will be consumed during big Super Bowl Sunday ? Here 's a quick run down .
8 million : Total pounds of popcorn consumed on Super Bowl Sunday .
28 million : Pounds of potato chips consumed .
53.5 million : Pounds of avocados consumed .
222,792 : Number of football fields worth of farmland to grow all that
corn , potatoes , and avocados .
11.8 : Depth , in feet , of guacamole consumed if it were spread across the football field .
293,000 : Number of miles of potato chips , laid end to end , consumed during the game .
1 billion : Number of chicken wings consumed on Super Bowl Sunday .
325.5 million : Gallons of beer drank by Americans that day .
493 : Number of Olympic-sized swimming pools that could be filled with all that beer .
20 % : Increase in ant-acid sales the Monday after the game .
7 million : Number of employees who will not show up to work Monday .
Racist , homophobic , and discriminatory , that 's the way Israel is portrayed in a new feature published by the Los Angeles Times on Sunday , following what the paper calls as a `` wave of intolerance toward people of different races , religions , orientations and viewpoints '' that is washing the country .
The protest against foreign workers and refugees in Tel Aviv 's Hatikva neighborhood , Dec. 21 , 2010 . Ofer Vaknin
The L.A. Times piece comes in the wake of several social issues that have plagued Israel in recent weeks and months – including a rabbinical letter forbidding renting apartments to Arabs , an attack on a Tel Aviv gay and lesbian youth club , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman 's controversial loyalty oath bill , as well as an on-going debate on Israel 's official policy toward migrant workers .
Writing of what it called `` a wave of intolerance , '' the piece describes Israelis as `` grappling with their nation 's identity and character , '' adding that to some `` the timing of the rising intolerance is surprising .
`` The number of terrorist attacks in Israel dropped last year to its lowest level in more than a decade , and Israel 's economy is growing faster than those of most other countries , '' the L.A. times wrote .
One Israeli politician , the Labor Party 's Daniel Ben Simon , saw a connection between the relative lull in regional violence and Israel 's social woes , telling the L.A. Times that `` the stronger the external tension , the more repressed the internal tension . ''
`` Any lull in outside pressure causes the internal ones to rise . This led people to feel that if they 're squared off with the outside and feel secure enough , 'Let 's fight a bit , ' '' Ben-Simon was quoted as saying .
The U.S. newspaper also quotes Bambi Sheleg , founder of social affairs magazine A Different Country [ Eretz Acheret ] , who said `` extremist viewpoints are receiving more attention . ''
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
`` Israeli society consists of a gigantic center , '' she told the L.A. Times , adding that , however , `` there is no one to lead it and its voice is n't heard . ''
`` We are on the threshold of the understanding that we all have to live here together and compromise , '' she said . `` These are growing pains . ''
Prez Trevor Linden and GM Jim Benning keep saying they wo n't sacrifice the future in a trade . But I often wonder how true they will stay to their word say , if the Canucks hit the toilet over the next few weeks ( or less ) leading up to the trade deadline on March 2 . Prospects and draft picks sweeten trade offers and deals significantly . When the trade deadline hits , teams get into bidding wars over available players and the pot sweetens .
The Canucks do have a few players that can fetch a decent return , but many that do n't . But that also depends on where Benning sees this team going this season . Playoffs ? Near miss ? Contenders ? ( no , but ya never know sometimes ) . The Canucks are not rebuilding . They are retooling . That 's what our Lord and Saviour Trevor Linden said before the season started . Now , the team is barely clinging to a playoff spot and that excellent start to the season is long gone , if not forgotten . Maybe John Tortorella was right . Maybe the core is stale . Maybe it 's time for a more-significant change . I wonder what Sir Bennington is thinking right now . Anyway , for a tad of insight on the matter , let 's look at what the big-dude talking heads are saying in Rumorville . A rumor roundup , if you will .
Lack , Markstrom , Higgins and Kassian
VIA SPECTOR 'S HOCKEY :
Pierre LeBrun believes the Canucks prefer to keep Jacob Markstrom over current backup Eddie Lack…LeBrun also claims the Canucks have talks to several teams regarding struggling winger Zack Kassian . Though they 've found no suitors , interest could pick up at the trade deadline….Darren Dreger believes the Canucks seek scoring and until recently had some discussions with Boston regarding defenseman Matt Bartkowski . The Canucks wo n't part with their young assets.He speculates the Flames might move Curtis Glencross , perhaps for a defenseman . The Jets still seek a top-9 forward…Dreger also speculates there could be interested in Canucks forward Chris Higgins , though he 's not sure they 're ready to part with him .
VIA NICHOLS ON HOCKEY
Pierre LeBrun on Team 1040 earlier this week :
`` I can tell you , I know of a couple of teams that are kicking themselves they did n't just take Jacob Markstrom off waivers in September . That 's the one that 's biting everyone now when you look at year he 's having . `` The sense I get , from what I understand , I think the Canucks want to keep Markstrom now , frankly . I think that internally they view him as this sort of late-bloomer , almost Ben Bishop-type guy . So I 'm not sure you 're going to see him move , but ... '' So you think they 'd be more interested in moving Lack ? `` I think so . I mean , that 's my sense . Again , obviously Markstrom might fetch you the kind of offer that would supersede anything you get offered on Lack because of Markstrom 's age , his size . He 's starting to show this year in the AHL that 's maybe why Florida took him in the first round , right ? It 's just taken awhile . So I do n't know . He 's an intriguing guy . If I was Vancouver , I 'd be careful there when it comes to Markstrom . ''
Santorelli Back With The Canucks ?
The Maple Leafs have reached out to pending UFA center Mike Santorelli regarding a contract extension . If unable to re-sign him the Vancouver Canucks and New York Rangers could be among those with interest .
There are several reports out there that Benning has contacted the Leafs about Santorelli .
How about Martin Hanzal ?
`` ( Arizona GM ) Maloney wants to beat the rush . If you make him the offer now , he will do it , '' Friedman said on ( the Fan 960 earlier this week . ) `` I think Vancouver , for example , would be interested . They 're not going to pay what [ Maloney ] wants . I look at what Vancouver 's got , and I do n't know this for sure , but I guarantee he 's talking like [ Bo ] Horvat and a pick . And I just do n't think the Canucks are going to do that . ''
Antoine Vermette a Canuck ?
Here 's what TSN 's Bob McKenzie thinks of that :
`` The deals right now that Don Maloney is trying to do – the ones that are kind of front-burner for him – are his rentals . Antoine Vermette and Zbynek Michalek . Sure , would one or both of those guys look good in Vancouver ? Of course they would . `` But the price on Vermette , for example , is going to be a first round pick . Maybe as high as a first round pick and a young prospect . The Canucks are not going to do that . I just ca n't see it . `` And not knowing what the cap is going to be next year , not knowing whether you sign a guy . Some of the teams that are in the running for Vermette think they 've got a pretty good shot of getting him signed to a long-term deal and take him out of free agency . And if that 's the case and if you think you 've got a reasonable shot of getting a guy for the next four or five years at a number you can live with , and works for you , then you can rationalize giving up a second pick or a first pick and a prospect for Vermette . `` But I do n't think a team like the Canucks can get into that at all . ''
I do find the Lack / Markstrom situation intriguing . If Markstrom turns into a stud , bye-bye Lack . It 's as simple as that . But as quoted above , there 's just not much return going to happen even if the Canucks packaged Lack and Kassian together in a deal . That 's where prospects and draft picks come into play again .
Personally , I believe what Benning and Linden are feeding us in regards to retooling and not pissing away picks . As long as the Canucks are in the playoff picture the plan remains . They are n't going to blow their load on a rental player . If they lose 9 of their next 10 ? Geez , then I have no idea . But that 's likely not gon na happen anyway . The Canucks will be in the playoff hunt the rest of the way . So , I do n't expect a major deal or two from Benning unless the team falls off a cliff . I anticipate more Clendening-type of deals . Get younger , bigger . Santorelli does make sense , to me , anyway .
But hey , do n't listen to me . Listen to Bobby Mac :
`` Well , it might be that they do nothing . As I said – is there interested in doing something ? Yes . Only if it makes sense and only if it stays within the plan that Jim Benning has put in place . I 'd be really surprised if the Canucks go down the rental road to give up a future asset to give them an expiring contract that gives them a better chance of making the playoffs . I think there 's a recognition here that they need to make hockey deals less than rental deals , and that is a much harder thing to do and I do n't think they 're in the mode where they want to give away young kids for a quick fix . ''
There ya go . Hope you have a lot of patience .
Did I miss any rumors ? Legit rumors from credible people ? Let me know in the comments section !
Women who write about tech are no strangers to online abuse -- an issue some women say is serious enough to push them to change careers .
Catherine Adams , a researcher at Nottingham Trent University in the U.K. , studied 100 female technology writers and found `` one in five female journalists covering technology has disguised her gender to avoid sexist abuse , and nearly 40 % have changed working practices for fear of being targeted , '' she wrote in a summary of the study published Sunday in The Guardian .
Adams also found that almost one-third reported that the abuse has gotten worse in the last year .
CNBC via Getty Images Tech journalist Kara Swisher
`` This is not a situation where it 's like , 'Oh , just do n't read the comments , ' '' said video game developer Brianna Wu of the issues that women face when they write about tech . `` This is targeted harassment -- often in violent ways . ''
Wu told The Huffington Post she personally knows more than five women who have left the industry in the last year alone because of harassment .
`` The 100 respondents also describe a plague of face-to-face incidents , from 'sexist views ' in the newsroom , to being 'hit on ' and 'stalked , ' '' Adams wrote . `` Four out of 10 said fear of being attacked has affected their work or altered their writing . ''
There are ways to change the status quo , but it 's not an easy task .
`` The culture of tech did n't just happen . Our industry authorizes these tactics in ways we do n't really think about , '' Wu said .
Wu 's advice to young women considering writing about or entering the tech industry is to know that it is going to be hard , but there is some hope in the long term .
A server serves Sapporo draft beer at Sapporo Bier Garten in Sapporo , northern Japan , February 19 , 2007 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Growth in the world beer market picked up to reach 2.7 percent in 2011 as growth continued to strengthen driven by emerging markets , and is predicted to grow at 2.5 percent this year , industry research group Plato Logic said on Wednesday .
The researcher upgraded its 2011 figure from its 2.5 percent volume growth estimate made back in September 2011 as the recovery in the global beer market gathered pace .
“ Overall , the top-line figure for 2011 ( provisional ) indicates further steady recovery , and represents an improvement on the 1.6 percent growth recorded in 2010 and 0.4 percent recorded in 2009 , ” said Plato director Ian Pressnell in a statement .
For 2011 , there was no change in the ranking of the world 's four biggest brewers with Anheuser-Busch InBev ( ABI.BR ) retaining top spot followed by SABMiller SAB.L , Heineken ( HEIN.AS ) and then Carlsberg ( CARLb.CO ) , with these big four holding a combined global market share of around 50 percent .
The rest of the top ten brewers in order includes Tsingtao ( 600600.SS ) , Beijing Yanjing , Mexico 's Modelo GMODELOC.MX , Molson Coors ( TAP.N ) , Japan 's Kirin ( 2503.T ) and Turkish Anadolu
Efes ( AEFES.IS ) .
The other day a reporter asked me who 's to blame for the growing epidemic of identity-related tax fraud . I almost replied , “ the government and the bad guys , ” but I caught myself before committing to that inaccuracy . “ We 're all to blame , ” I said .
I believe that breaches , and the identity theft that flows from them , have become the third certainty in life , right behind death and taxes . While it may seem like hyperbole , more than 1 billion consumer records containing some form of personally identifying information ( PII ) have been exposed to hackers , identity thieves and spies ( forget , for the moment , the NSA ) over the past 10 years .
Anthem , the second largest healthcare insurer in the nation , recently joined the burgeoning list of mega corporations that have suffered massive data breaches . In a revelation that beggars the imagination , the hackers accessed unencrypted databases containing the sensitive personal information of some 80 million current and former Anthem policyholders and employees , potentially putting millions of people in harm 's way . When Anthem 's CEO pointed to the cyber intruders ' failure to get health records , credit cards or financial data , one can only assume he was trying to spin a nightmare scenario , because they did manage to get their grubby little fingers on names , physical and email addresses , birthdates , medical IDs , phone numbers and employment information .
Last time I checked , that 's pretty much all that someone needs to commit identity-related fraud , or at the very least , to expose their targets to the panoply of “ ishings ” ( phishing , spear phishing , smishing and vishing ) . If that does n't bother you , perhaps this will : the information stolen included the skeleton key to everyone 's life – Social Security numbers .
Unlocking Your Identity
Often what 's lacking in the aftermath is perspective . Anthem did a very good job of getting out in front of the breach . They were forthcoming , and notified customers quickly . But they did not do a great job spelling out to customers the predicament they are now in as a result . So , here it is . Everything a criminal might need to obtain medical treatment , devices or medications in your name , tainting your medical files in the process is now “ out there. ” In other words , you are one act of fraud away from having a medical file become a murder weapon . When your healthcare is used by a fraudster , their information gets mingled with yours—a cocktail for life-threatening decisions . And , while we 're on the subject , anyone with access to the information stolen can also file fraudulent tax returns and divert your refunds ( we 'll get to the recent Turbo Tax ulcer-inducing event in a moment ) ; anyone can obtain personal loans , credit cards and mortgages using your credit profile accessed with your information ; the same data could be used to empower undocumented workers to get jobs – the income from which will be reported to federal and state tax authorities under your SSN and costing you even more . Your child 's identity can now be stolen if their SSN was taken in the breach ; crimes can be committed leaving a trail of breadcrumbs backs to you .
In a twist of fate that would make a person think February is privacy and data-security awareness month , we learned that Intuit was forced to shut down the state tax filing on TurboTax for almost a day after detecting a large number of fraudulent filings . Minnesota refused to accept TurboTax e-filings , Alabama and Utah issued taxpayer warnings and Vermont halted refunds . To be clear , the TurboTax platform had n't suffered a data breach . Rather , identity thieves were e-filing and attempting to divert millions of dollars in refunds using precisely the kind of information that was leaked in the Anthem breach , and countless others over the past decade . How could this happen ? A staggering amount of purloined data from breaches , scams , social network over-sharing and individual compromise has been aggregated—and the fraudulent e-filings on TurboTax are a manifestation of that reality .
Now , it 's easy to blame public and private sector organizations for their continuing failure to accord our sensitive personal information the privacy and security it deserves . Judging from the seemingly endless parade of reported breaches , our contempt and enmity has been well earned . Organizations ' inability or lack of desire to encrypt the PII they gather and store is inexcusable . We have a serious problem when a sitting governor explains the failure to encrypt a breached database containing the tax information of every citizen in her state by saying , “ Encryption is hard. ” A recent Government Accountability Office report confirms that a significant percentage of federal agencies are not secure . Sadly , many businesses and institutions have yet to harden their defenses or encrypt their data even after they have suffered at least one breach . After the near extinction-level breach of Sony Pictures , I am hopeful that many political leaders and corporate board members are finally coming to the realization that the threat is real , the odds are not in their favor and that there must be a paradigm shift in the way they approach privacy , data security , breach preparedness and incident response .
But the fault lies elsewhere . We live in a very connected world where convenience continues to trump security – often in the name of innovation . We 've also learned the hard way that no system is more secure than its weakest link and that humans are the weakest link . Bad practices and lousy data-hygiene is the enemy . A few months ago , the Ponemon Institute conducted a survey of nearly 100 medical providers . Eighty-eight percent reported that doctors and other medical professionals were allowed to connect personal devices to their systems ( BYOD – bring your own device ) . More than 50 % said that this practice raised serious security concerns , yet only 38 % said they were doing anything about it .
Lest we forget Washington ( and I acknowledge that many would like to permanently forget Washington ) , at least three administrations and scores of federal legislators have talked about doing something meaningful in the areas of privacy , cyber-security and identity theft , yet we have little to show for it . This year , at least , through executive order and his State of the Union Address , President Obama has put those issues squarely into the spotlight . “ We are seeing momentum ” is the two-party line , at least for now .
Everyday Security Failures
But while we 're pointing fingers , I would be remiss were I not to suggest that each of us stand in front of a mirror . No one is blameless here . We expose our most sensitive personal information any time we :
pick up a phone , respond to a text , click on a link or carelessly provide personal information to someone we do n't know ;
fail to properly secure our computer or mobile device ( smartphone , tablet or laptop ) ;
discard , not shred , a document that contains PII ;
respond to an email that requests we call a number we ca n't independently confirm , or complete an attachment that asks for our PII in an insecure environment ;
save our User ID or password on an app as a shortcut for future logins ;
use the same User ID or password throughout our financial , social networking and email universes ;
answer quizzes that subtly ask for information we 've provided as the answers to security questions on various websites ;
take pictures with our smartphone or digital camera without disabling the geo-tagging function ;
fail to replace a manufacturer 's default password with a long and strong one of our own on any “ connected ” appliance or electronic device that we put in our homes ;
permit our email address to be our User ID , if we have the option to change it ;
use easily decipherable PINs or passwords ;
fail to annually obtain , review and correct our credit reports ;
choose not to do a daily review of our bank and credit card accounts to make absolutely sure that every transaction we see is familiar ;
put off enrolling in free transactional monitoring programs offered by banks , credit unions and credit card providers that notify us every time there is any activity in our accounts ;
use a free WiFi network , without confirming it is correctly identified and secure , to check email , or financial services websites that contain our sensitive data .
In each of these instances , we leave ourselves vulnerable to those who consider the theft of our identity as their day job . We are also contributing our personal data to folks who are hoping to someday launch the equivalent of a denial of service attack on our economy to take us down .
The bottom line is that we 're all in this together . In the ever-evolving connected world , it 's impossible to duck , bob or weave your way past the bad guys . Even a proactive measure to protect your identity like monitoring your credit regularly is no guarantee your identity wo n't be stolen or used in a way that wo n't show up on your credit report , like medical identity theft . ( You can get your credit reports for free once a year under federal law and you can see your credit scores for free once a month on Credit.com to spot any identity theft red flags . )
It should go without saying that government and businesses should have to protect our PII by law , and if they fail to do their duty , they should be held accountable . That said , each of us has a responsibility to minimize our risk of exposure , to be as alert as possible to signs of an identity-related problem and to have a damage control program to put ourselves back together in the event we are compromised .
TRENTON — Police officials are examining the response to a 911 call Sunday night that left a city man struggling with an intruder at his building without any officers arriving .
Dan Dodson said it was 20 or 30 minutes before two officers eventually arrived in response to his wife 's calls to police telephone numbers .
“ We 're looking into it to determine if the proper protocols were followed , ” Lt. Steve Varn said yesterday evening .
Yesterday , Dodson said he was deciding where to buy a baseball bat in case someone else was able to slip into his home . He believes one of the two tenants who live in apartments of his building on the 300 block of South Broad Street accidentally left the front door ajar , which allowed a drunken and belligerent man access to the vestibule of the apartment unit Dodson shares with his wife and 17-month-old son . The man gained access about 10 p.m. , he said .
Dodson said his wife dialed 911 and told police her husband was scuffling with an intruder .
“ I 'm going hand to hand with this guy and she 's calling 911 , and they said to call the non-emergency number , and to call back if it got any worse , ” Dodson said .
When Dodson 's wife called the non-emergency number , the dispatcher said there were no police units available to send . In the meantime Dodson continued to confront the man outside his home , who he said was irrational and violent .
“ He just said , ‘ You ca n't tell me to leave , ' and all that kind of stuff , ” Dodson said .
Dodson finally kicked the man out of his building after what he estimated was 10 minutes of struggling , pushing the intruder onto Broad Street , where he hoped he would be arrested by police officers .
“ I thought in a matter of minutes there was going to be blue lights outside , ” he said .
No arrests have been made in the case . Police officials have the response under administrative review .
Yesterday , Dodson said he was n't angry or bitter . The two police officers who finally arrived after the man left said they arrived as quickly as they could , and Dodson takes them at their word .
“ They blamed it on dispatch . They said they came when they got the call , ” he said .
“ Which I have no reason to disbelieve , because the radio room told us to go away . ”
In a city whose police department still has n't recovered from the layoffs of 105 officers in Sept. 2011 , police response has become a sensitive issue . Police Director Ralph Rivera Jr. said recently his force was down more than 140 officers , including retirements .
Dodson wonders if police are no longer placing a priority on a response for particular crimes .
“ I want the police department to be clear about what they 're doing , because citizens have to plan , ” he said . “ If we really have no defense against home invasion , I think we need to be clear about that . ”
“ They either need to fix it or tell us they ca n't do it and get us to plan accordingly , but the worst thing is not to know what to expect from a police department , ” Dodson said .
“ The worst thing you can do is not tell the public what to expect , ” he added .
Dodson used to be active in city government , attending council meetings and serving on boards such as the one overseeing the downtown Marriott . Recently , he said he redirected his energies to working more , to earn the money he said he needs to fortify his home .
“ I need to turn my house into a fortress , that 's what I need to focus on , ” he said . “ Obviously the police department can not offer any level of protection for quality-of-life issues . ”
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to police at ( 609 ) 989-4170 , or the Confidential Tip Line at ( 609 ) 989-3663 .
Contact Alex Zdan at azdan @ njtimes.com or ( 609 ) 989-5705 .
On mobile or desktop :
• Like Times of Trenton on Facebook
• Follow @ TimesofTrenton on Twitter
The transformer that caught fire and triggered a widespread power outage in the San Fernando Valley over the weekend was part of an aging unit that had been set to be replaced , the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power said Monday .
The Saturday evening fire was at a receiving station in Northridge , where high voltage is run through a transformer to reduce it for distribution to homes and businesses .
`` We fully believe that this was somewhat influenced by the heat and the heat storm when we 're in very hot weather conditions , '' said DWP General Manager David Wright . `` The system is not infallible and once in awhile something like this happens . ''
The transformer that caught fire was at least 40-years-old , he said . Transformers have a lifespan of about 50 years . In all , the DWP operates 70 larger transformers in 21 receiving stations across LA . Fifty of those transformers have been replaced in recent years . The remaining 20 are scheduled to be swapped out in the coming years at a rate of three to five per year , said DWP spokesman Joseph Ramallo .
The transformers are about the size of a school bus and cost about $ 5 million apiece , said Andy Kendall , DWP 's assistant general manager .
The unit that burned still needs to be dismantled and analyzed to determine the cause of its failure . Similar units at other receiving stations are also due to be inspected .
Power use has soared during the current heat wave from people running their air conditioners . At peak demand , distribution equipment like transformers can become stressed , Ramallo said . DWP 's transformers use mineral oil for cooling . The oil has a very high ignition temperature , but once ignited is quite flammable .
The fire put a black plume of smoke into the air that could be seen for miles . It started about 6:43 p.m. and by 6:55 p.m. , the decision was made to shut down the receiving station , which cut power to about 140,000 customers . About 50,000 of them had power restored by midnight Saturday , and the rest of the accounts were back online by about 10 a.m. Sunday .
`` This was more than an inconvenience , it was an emergency situation that posed a danger to communities throughout the San Fernando Valley , '' said Los Angeles City Councilman Mitchell Englander in an email statement . The outage `` showed the importance of maintaining critical infrastructure as thousands of ratepayers were left without power during a record heat wave . ''
ExtraTime Radio Podcast LISTEN : If you could only watch one team for the rest of the year , who would it be ? The guys try to tab MLS 's must-watch side and settle on the league 's best No . 9 as well . Plus , tune in for a wildly entertaining interview with Brian Dunseth and a mailbag with hot , lukewarm and cold takes from you , the listeners ! Subscribe so you do n't miss a show !
Well . Atlanta United , amiright ?
You 've got the tactics . You 've got the records . ( So many goals ! ) And – let 's be honest – you 've got the most exciting team in MLS .
The Red Bulls ' high press is a suffocating slog for opoonents when it works , and a train wreck when broken . Montreal will lull you to sleep waiting for that flash-in-the-pan counter ( All due respect to Nacho the Gawd ) and NYCFC will do the same while you 're waiting on the buildup out of the back . Houston 's got playing direct down , but needs work on the defense . Portland 's fun , but we 've been there before : this very core earned an MLS Cup two seasons back .
Through three games , it looks like Atlanta 's roster-construction OBP is off the charts . To put it in soccer terms , if decisions are passes they 're completing pretty much everything , and several looks like key assists .
On the Designated Player front , both Hector Villalba and Miguel Almiron are producing , expected impressive showings that live up to pricey acquisitions . Josef Martinez , though ? Whoa , buddy .
The 23-year-old Venezuelan forward is on loan from Torino , and Atlanta holds an option to purchase . He 's already tied a 15-year-old MLS record for quickest to five goals , the rare MLS player or team to make an Andrew Wiebe prediction look golden from the jump . ( Sidebar : Chris Wondolowski , still scoring goals )
If Atlanta 's to maximize Martinez 's early ascension to the peak plateau of MLS strikers – yeah , we 're going there – and he keeps up a modicum of scoring heat the rest of the way ( given health 15 is conservative , right ? Remember only seven players hit that mark last year . ) ATL UTD is going to have to pony up to Torino or risk the coming transfer fee going off into the ether .
A few weeks back , in a phone conversation with MLSsoccer.com , longtime EPL executive and current ATL UTD President Darren Eales dropped knowledge on the balance Atlanta aims to strike : maintaining success on the field – important to ownership – even as it develops talent intended to move .
`` If we trade a player , it 's only going to be because we feel that 's the best thing for the club , being able to feed those proceeds into the team itself , into the structure of the club to make the team better , '' Eales said . `` That will always be our approach , and it 's not different in that from my time at Tottenham or West Bromwich Albion . ''
It 's possible that conundrum comes quicker than even Eales anticipated , and how they handle this one will loom large in keeping the flames of fan fervor stoked as this expansion project continues to put its boots on the pitch .
On down the roster , where we say a hearty hello to Yamil Asad , who 's quickly carving a path free of father footsteps , and smart signings like Greg Garza , Leandro Gonzalez Pirez and Carlos Carmona – to say nothing of MLS mainstays like captain Michael Parkhurst and Jeff Larentowicz – Atlanta has created an XI capable of not only playing smart , but playing pretty and playing well .
. @ ATLUTD were the first team in the Opta era ( since 2010 ) to control at least 80 % of possession over the course of a full game . — Ben Baer ( @ BenBaer89 ) March 20 , 2017
Able to pivot from back to front foot on a dime , to turn ping-pong possession into a direct-line buzzsaw , Atlanta clearly has opponents off-balance . After working out a few kinks in a respectable opener against the Red Bulls , everyone thought the snow in Minnesota was about to be a major challenge , and Chicago had spent the first two weeks convincing folks that they 'd put the cellar in the rearview like Kimmy Schmidt .
Two up , two down . And many more moments to come .
Using the GoPro : All Night Time-Lapse – Settings and Setup Tutorial
My GoPro Hero 4 Night Lapse Video , and how you can film the stars too !
By Kristian Bell
The new GoPro Hero 4 opened up a whole different realm in photography/filmmaking : the night sky . Also it gave me another thing to film around the house ! The time lapses are awesome so let 's jump into it .
Looking for a different night lapse tutorial ?
Part 2 – editing : Night Lapse Post Production Tutorial
In depth settings tutorial : Protune and Night Mode Tutorial
What you need :
A GoPro HERO4 Extension Cord Tripod ( I just use the generic GoPro sticky mount and a ladder ) The GoPro Frame
USB charger and box I also Recommend an LCD BackPack
GoPro 4
Extension Cord
Basic Tripod
The Frame
LCD Backpack
Support Viabell by purchasing through our links . Thank you .
Settings :
I know you 're antsy to get your first night lapse so I am going to make the settings very easy for you . For our purposes—filming the stars—I always recommend trying this ( one size fits all ) set-up :
Shutter : 30s Interval : Continuous MegPixels : 12mp Wide Spot Meter : Off Protune : on White Balance : 3000K Color : GoPro ISO : 800 Sharpness = MED EV Comp : n/a
Take your filmmaking and photography to the next level ! Protune settings trouble every GoPro user , and since they are such a large part of night photography I made an entire post for you . Read about protune/night-mode settings and their relation to night photography in my in-depth Tutorial .
Set-up :
Who Is Jared Abbrederis ?
If the season started right now , I would bet money that Jared Abbrederis was the Lions third wide receiver . He was ESPN writer Rob Dombrovsky ‘ s “ breakout player ” for the Packers in the 2016 offseason .
Abbredaris is not the most jaw-dropping athlete and put up a comically small number of bench reps at his combine . Three years later , however , he had all the earmarks of an ascending player for the Packers . He narrowly lost the third receiver role to Devonte Adams , hurt his thigh , and took an injury settlement in October .
The Lions picked him up January 9 , 2017 .
http : //gty.im/502719092
What Can Jared Abbrederis Do ?
He will compete for the Lions kick returning job in the wake of Andre Roberts ' departure to Atlanta . He is also an effective possession receiver inside the hash marks . It is route running that sets his game apart from most of the other 4th-5th WR options in the NFL .
He has a really good set of hands . He has all of the attributes that you might give to a player in the “ Rudy ” mold . Former walk-on to scholarship and eventually the number one receiver at Wisconsin ? Check .
Described as a “ Coach on the field ? ” Check . A great deal of football intelligence ? Check . Hardworking and coachable ? Check .
Even if you had n't seen the two pictures above this you could probably guess just by the “ scout speak ” that he was a white guy playing a skill position . That is how they tend to be described unless they 're also meth addicts . Abbredaris is a legitimate NFL player though who has just never taken that last step to make an impact on offense for a team on Sundays .
The bottom line on Jared Abbredaris is that every wide receiver signed by the Lions should push him down a spot but I would not be surprised at all if he made the final roster . He will make a team somewhere , and that team very well could be the Lions .
He is a fine fifth WR , but less than adequate third . Jared Abbredaris is probably the most intriguing signing Bob Quinn made in January of 2017 .
Ford Taurus , a new premium business sedan for China , combines expressive design , exceptional craftsmanship and advanced technology
Taurus is the latest vehicle delivered as part of Ford 's commitment to bring 15 new world-class vehicles to China by 2015
Powerful , confident and inviting exterior design is matched by a spacious and elegant interior with carefully chosen materials for a sense of prestige
New high-output twin-turbo 2.7-liter EcoBoost V6 engine offers effortless power with high efficiency
Taurus will be manufactured at new $ 760 million Changan Ford Hangzhou plant
Introducing a new premium sedan for discerning Chinese business customers , Ford today unveiled the new Ford Taurus at a special event in Shanghai . Designed especially to meet the needs of the Chinese market , the vehicle brings the historic Taurus nameplate to China for the first time .
“ The Ford Taurus we 're introducing today shows the amazing strength and flexibility of our One Ford plan , ” said John Lawler , chairman and CEO , Ford China . “ It combines the best of our global product development and large-car expertise with a clear understanding of what Chinese customers in this segment want . ”
Ford made full use of its global design and development resources to create the Taurus . Early in the design process , designers and engineers from around the world immersed themselves in China to gain a deeper understanding of the market and key cultural factors influencing design and vehicle preferences . In-depth research of target customers – accomplished , respected professionals – helped to fine-tune design and engineering targets to create an exceptional new vehicle .
“ The Ford Taurus was created for highly sophisticated consumers in China who need an equally sophisticated vehicle for both business and personal use , ” said Marin Burela , president , Changan Ford Automobile Co. “ With a powerful , confident and inviting design , a spacious and elegant interior , impeccable craftsmanship , compelling performance and advanced technology , the Ford Taurus makes no compromises as an innovative flagship sedan . ”
In creating the new Taurus , Ford designers crafted an exterior conveying balance , harmony and a sense of confidence .
At the front of the vehicle , a shield-like , clipped trapezoidal five-bar grille is positioned prominently and flanked by slender , modern headlamps with signature daytime running lights and LED projector lamp technology . Chrome rings house supplemental LED driving lights .
In silhouette , a powerful hood profile and planted architecture give the Taurus a sense of solidity and harmony . Designers elevated the exterior with fine details on the sides , including upswept highlight trim on the doors . Polished 19-inch 10-spoke alloy wheels help to give a bold and premium stance .
At the rear of the vehicle , multi-piece LED tail lights incorporate a distinctive signature appearance . A bright chrome bar connecting the tail lights highlights the vehicle 's width for a sense of understated athleticism . Integrated chrome exhaust tips complete the rear and offer another discreet hint at performance .
“ We wanted to create a vehicle that displays maturity of design with balanced and harmonious proportions , tailored to the business customer in China , ” said Todd Willing , Asia Pacific Design Director and exterior designer for the Ford Taurus . “ Our aim was to create a vehicle that is elegant , inviting and quietly confident . ”
The sense of balance and harmony continues inside with a clean , modern cabin that makes use of smart design and strong horizontal elements for an airy , spacious feel . Above the passengers , a full panoramic sunroof allows more natural light to enter the cabin and adds to a sense of elegance and openness .
The spacious feel is justified by an exceptionally roomy cabin , which takes full advantage of the vehicle 's five-meter length and 2.95-meter wheelbase for abundant second-row legroom , and generous shoulder and hip room . Designers and engineers went to great lengths to package features in a way that prioritized interior space . The front panel of the panoramic sunroof , for example , slides back over the rear panel rather than under it , ensuring maximum rear headroom .
Making full use of the car 's interior space , designers and engineers placed more than 25 intelligent stowage spaces throughout the cabin . Cup holders designed to securely hold different-sized tea bottles are just one thoughtful detail implemented to meet the needs of consumers . Reflecting the importance of second-row passengers in China – where the owner of a premium vehicle is often a passenger rather than a driver – the second row has been designed with an emphasis on comfort .
In a first for a Ford vehicle in China , the Taurus has power-reclining rear seats with optional adjustable lumbar support and a massage function , helping both rear passengers arrive refreshed at their destination in business-class comfort . Folding down the center seat cushion – friction-hinged for a premium feel – reveals a rear-seat control panel for air conditioning , seat functions and car media . Folding it up allows the vehicle to comfortably accommodate three rear passengers with a 40/20/40 rear-seat layout .
Materials used throughout the cabin reinforce the feeling of comfort and exceptional , uncompromised quality . Ford designers appointed surfaces with soft but durable materials – such as supple leather for the seats – that recall a pair of tailored gloves or a fine wool suit .
These materials are accented by bright chrome finishes for an extra layer of detail and a sense of prestige . The careful application of wood elements adds natural warmth and strength , and underscores the fine craftsmanship of the interior . Extensive use of sound-deadening materials , advanced technologies and precise engineering ensure that whether in the front or rear seats , all occupants are treated to an exceptionally quiet cabin matched by a smooth and comfortable ride .
Powered by Ford 's new high-output , twin-turbo 2.7-liter EcoBoost V6 engine , the Taurus has the effortless power to match its elegant appearance . Drawing from the best of the Ford EcoBoost engine family , this new world-class engine delivers power in a stronger , smarter package . Lightweight materials and advanced controls help the engine to set a new standard for power density and efficiency .
“ Beautiful design , craftsmanship , refinement , comfort and power help the Taurus to rise above the typical large sedan , but they are only part of the story , ” said Burela . “ We look forward to sharing more about our new premium business sedan over the months ahead . ”
The Ford Taurus will be manufactured at the recently opened Changan Ford Hangzhou Plant . Representing a US $ 760 million investment , the plant is the sixth assembly plant producing Ford vehicles in China . The highly efficient facility uses Ford 's latest manufacturing technologies and is capable of producing up to 250,000 vehicles a year on a flexible production line .
The Swedish business sector 's Ethical Council against Gender Discriminatory Advertising ( ERK ) slammed an advert that promised beauty treatments for the wives of men who bought its products .
`` The ad was in the council 's opinion guilty of gender discrimination , '' council spokesman Tobias Eltell told AFP .
The Black & Decker ad earlier this year promised customers a `` pleased wife guarantee '' , offering beauty treatments worth 350 kronor ( $ 43 dollars ) to the wives of men who bought spent more than 1,500 kronor on its tools .
`` Through this text , the council finds that ( the company ) conveyed an outdated view of gender roles in which women are expected to be placated with beauty treatments while men buy tools , '' ERK said in its ruling .
`` This is degrading for both women and men , '' it continued . `` The ad is thereby gendered discriminatory . ''
ERK , which is made up of representatives of Sweden 's main advertising companies , has no power to impose sanctions on companies it finds guilty of discrimination , Eltell said .
`` This is simply a modern pillory , in which we try to shame companies into doing the right thing , '' he explained .
The council had received three separate complaints about the Black & Decker ad in the first half of 2008 , and Black & Decker had withdrawn the ad as soon as it learned of the problem , Eltell said .
`` It is very positive when the advertiser takes this so seriously , '' he said , for while companies rarely ignored ERK 's rulings they often waited for its decision before withdrawing offending ads .
Some 500 advertisements are reported to ERK each year . In 2007 , the council ruled that around 40 were discriminatory , Eltell said .
Battlefield Unconquered
‘ Battlefield 1 ' ( -39 % ) defends its title for a second week despite the debuts of several new titles .
While both Battlefield 3 & 4 saw second week declines of 54 % , Battlefield 1 delivers a strong second week ( -39 % ) to comfortably claim its second crown . For Bethesda 's ‘ The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim Special Edition ' it means a second place debut . Despite not claiming top spot it 's still a hugely successful debut for the Xbox One and PS4 version . It sits second behind 2011 's original in terms of best debut launch weeks in the Elder Scrolls series . ‘ Fifa 17 ' ( -6 % ) has only a slight slowdown in sales but drops down a place to No3 in its 5th week on chart .
EA make it three titles in the Top 4 this week as ‘ Titanfall 2 ' lands at No4 . The sequel to 2014 's Microsoft exclusive ( Xbox One / 360 and PC ) ca n't match the debut heights of the original , which claimed top spot at launch ( as well as 4 subsequent No1 crowns ) . It does however add both a single player campaign and a PS4 to its list of formats this time round . ‘ Farming Simulator 17 ' ploughs its way to No5 following its Tuesday release . The series ' popularity continues to grow with sales up almost 54 % on PS4 and 32 % on Xbox One over Farming Simulator 15 . ( Farming Simulator 16 was solely for PS Vita in the UK ) . Bandai Namco 's ‘ Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 ' also claims a Top 10 spot at No7 in its debut week . Retailer promotions help ‘ Grand Theft Auto V ' ( +89 % ) and ‘ Forza Horizon 3 ' ( +11 % ) deliver positive sales growth at No9 and No10 .
A second RPG title in the form of Square Enix 's ‘ World of Final Fantasy ' is another debutant this week but lands just outside the Top 10 at No11 . ‘ Just Dance 2017 ' is new at No26 as Ubisoft 's latest release breathes some life into Nintendo formats particularly Wii , which claims a 44 % share and Wii U a further 16 % . The final new release to claim a Top 40 spot is Telltales ' ‘ Minecraft : Story Mode – The Complete Adventure ' at No31 . The new edition features every episode and bonus content on the disc since the original ‘ Story Mode ' launched almost a year ago .
North Korea has detained another American who worked at a private university in Pyongyang , taking to four the number of U.S. citizens being held by Kim Jong-un 's regime .
Kim Hak-song , who worked for the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology , was detained Saturday , North Korea 's state news agency said .
Kim was arrested on suspicion of “ hostile acts ” against North Korea , the official Korean Central News Agency said . “ A relevant institution is now conducting a detailed investigation into his crimes , ” it said .
No other details about him were available .
The State Department said Sunday that it was “ aware of reports that a U.S. citizen was detained in North Korea . ”
“ The security of U.S. citizens is one of the department 's highest priorities , ” a spokeswoman said , adding that the department was working with the Swedish Embassy , which represents the United States in North Korea .
“ Due to privacy considerations , we have no further comment , ” she said .
Two weeks ago , North Korea detained another U.S. national , Kim Sang-dok or Tony Kim , as he waited to board a flight at Pyongyang airport . He had been teaching a class in international finance and management at the same university , known as PUST .
PUST is the only private educational institution in North Korea . It is run by a Korean American professor and funded largely by Christian groups . It began offering classes in English to the North Korean elite in 2010 .
PUST has more than 60 foreign faculty members , including from the United States , Canada , Britain and China , its website says .
“ The mission of PUST is to pursue excellence in education , with an international outlook , so that its students are diligent in studies , innovative in research and upright in character , bringing illumination to the Korean people and the world , ” it says .
Suki Kim , a Korean American author who taught at PUST for six months and wrote a book about it , described the faculty members holding private prayer meetings and Bible study sessions .
All religion is banned in North Korea , a totalitarian state that requires all its citizens to worship the three generations of the Kim family who have run the country through a personality cult since the end of World War II .
However , PUST appears to have been tolerated as long as its Christian activities were conducted behind closed doors and the faculty did not try to proselytize to the North Korean students .
Two other U.S. citizens also are being held in North Korea .
One is former Virginia resident Kim Dong-chul , who had been living in the Chinese city of Yanji , near the border with North Korea , and working in a special economic zone in the North as head of a trade and hotel services company .
He is in his early 60s and was born in South Korea but became a U.S. citizen in 1987 ; he was sentenced to 10 years in prison in April 2016 on charges of spying .
The other is Otto Warmbier , a University of Virginia student who was detained for allegedly trying to steal a propaganda sign from a Pyongyang hotel on New Year 's Day last year while on a group tour .
Warmbier was convicted of subversion in March and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor . That was the last time that he was seen and that Swedish diplomats were allowed to meet with him .
The State Department advises Americans against traveling to North Korea , warning of “ the serious risk of arrest and long-term detention under North Korea 's system of law enforcement . ”
The detentions come at a time of heightened tensions between Washington and Pyongyang .
President Trump has been vacillating between calling Kim Jong-un a “ smart cookie ” and threatening military action against North Korea , while the Kim regime has been warning of a nuclear attack in the face of any U.S. threat .
In the latest development , North Korea accused the United States and South Korean intelligence agencies on Friday of plotting to kill Kim Jong-un using “ biochemical substances . ”
North Korea 's Foreign Ministry called the agencies “ hotbed of evils in the world ” and said in a statement that they had “ hatched a vicious plot to hurt the supreme leadership . ”
The statement said that a citizen , identified only as Kim , had been paid $ 290,000 for himself and his “ terrorist accomplices ” as part of the alleged plot . He was supposed to target the “ supreme leadership ” at a public event or military parade , using “ bomb terrorism ” that involved “ biochemical substances including radioactive substance and nano-poisonous substance , ” it said .
Kim is the most common surname on the Korean Peninsula , used by about a quarter of all Koreans .
Read more :
Worried about North Korea ? Spare a thought for Otto Warmbier 's family .
North Korea accuses CIA and South Korea of plotting to assassinate Kim Jong-un
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
United Technologies CEO Louis Chenevert surprised nearly everyone by announcing his immediate retirement in November . But maybe the former tech exec was just eager to start spending his exit package .
Chenevert left United Technologies with more than $ 195 million in company stock and pension benefits , according to an analysis by ClearBridge Compensation Group . The consulting firm based its analysis on the his separation agreement , which United Technologies ( UTX ) filed with regulators Thursday .
Chenevert ended his 22-year tenure at the industrial conglomerate – six as CEO – by pocketing roughly $ 136.3 million in previously vested , unexercised stock options and another $ 30.9 million in pension benefits . He received another $ 27.9 million in stock tied to the company 's performance .
United Technologies ' board was reportedly unhappy with Chenevert after he took a side trip to Taiwan during a business trip to check on the construction of his yacht . The board confronted Chenevert about the trip and his priorities just prior to his retirement , according to a Wall Street Journal article in December that cited anonymous sources .
Gregory Hayes , previously United Technologies ' chief financial officer , took over as CEO last fall .
United Technologies ' shares are up more than 65 % since the beginning of Chenevert 's tenure , including the more than two-month period since his abrupt departure . In 2012 , Chenevert oversaw the $ 16.5 billion acquisition of aircraft equipment maker Goodrich . The deal was the largest-ever by United Technologies and added a substantial revenue stream to the company .
( The headline of this story has been changed from the original to make more clear )
FontLab Studio 5 is our professional font editor for macOS and Windows . Used by Adobe , Apple , IBM , Microsoft , Monotype , Morisawa and almost every other major font foundry in the world , it is the comprehensive solution for font foundries , professional type designers , typographers and graphic design studios , allowing them to design typefaces and create or modify fonts . FontLab Studio 5 offers a complete integrated workflow for professional font creation , from font family management , through multilingual glyph design and accelerated spacing and kerning , all the way to automatic and manual hinting and Python scripting . It supports all major outline font formats , from OpenType and TrueType to PostScript Type 1 and Multiple Master .
FontLab VI
There are a multitude of new features to make designing type easier .
Performance is spectacular . Every function has been re-thought to make your tasks of creating and editing fonts more fun and quicker .
Yet keyboard shortcuts from FontLab Studio were kept wherever possible .
Why are we doing an open , free public preview ?
It is nearly feature-complete , but there are many bugs and issues , and we want your input on both user interface and functionality .
The tool is for you , so we want your feedback !
Download at FontLab
JK Rowling says that “ girls are very apt to romanticise ” the antihero , and reveals that she had been forced to pour “ cold common sense ” on the startling number of readers who fall for the arrogant , unscrupulous bully Draco Malfoy in her Harry Potter books .
Rowling has been providing new snippets about the world of Harry Potter on her website Pottermore for the past 10 days , giving fans insights into everything from a “ ghost ” storyline that she did n't include in the final story , to the history of the Leaky Cauldron pub . She has now unveiled her lengthiest piece of writing yet , offering a glimpse into the future of Harry Potter 's arch enemy Draco , and her own thoughts on the character .
“ Draco remains a person of dubious morality in the seven published books , and I have often had cause to remark on how unnerved I have been by the number of girls who fell for this particular fictional character , ” writes Rowling , with a nod to the actor Tom Felton , “ who plays Draco brilliantly in the films and , ironically , is about the nicest person you could meet ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘ About the nicest person you could meet ' … Tom Felton who plays Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter films . Photograph : Jaap Buitendjik
“ Draco , ” writes Rowling , “ has all the dark glamour of the anti-hero ; girls are very apt to romanticise such people . All of this left me in the unenviable position of pouring cold common sense on ardent readers ' daydreams , as I told them , rather severely , that Draco was not concealing a heart of gold under all that sneering and prejudice and that no , he and Harry were not destined to end up best friends . ”
The novelist also reveals her thoughts about Draco 's future . She has imagined that the character “ grew up to lead a modified version of his father 's existence ; independently wealthy , without any need to work , Draco inhabits Malfoy Manor with his wife and son [ Scorpius ] . ” He is married to the younger sister of a fellow Slytherin , Astoria Greengrass , who Rowling says “ had gone through a similar ( though less violent and frightening ) conversion from pure-blood ideals to a more tolerant life view ” , and who is felt by Draco 's parents Narcissa and Lucius “ to be something of a disappointment as a daughter-in-law ” .
“ As Astoria refused to raise their grandson Scorpius in the belief that Muggles were scum , family gatherings were often fraught with tension , ” writes the novelist , also expanding on her belief that the character of Draco has a “ dual nature ” .
“ His strange interest in alchemical manuscripts , from which he never attempts to make a Philosopher 's Stone , hints at a wish for something other than wealth , perhaps even the wish to be a better man . I have high hopes that he will raise Scorpius to be a much kinder and more tolerant Malfoy than he was in his own youth , ” she writes , ending : “ His Christian name comes from a constellation – the dragon – and yet his wand core is of unicorn . This was symbolic . There is , after all – and at the risk of re-kindling unhealthy fantasies – some unextinguished good at the heart of Draco . ”
It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia star Rob McElhenney has closed a deal with Legendary Pictures to write and direct his first feature film . The movie , titled Figments , will be a kid-friendly action adventure about a family forced to fight off their deepest fears when they come to life . McElhenney apparently sold Legendary on the movie by presenting the studio with a 20-minute pitch and a four-minute self-produced test footage reel , which actually sounds like something his Sunny character Mac might do . ( Although McElhenney 's pitch probably involved being invited for a rational discussion , instead of just barging in and going off on loudly yelled , inadvertently homoerotic tangents . ) Also , we have n't seen the test footage , but we 're guessing it features less blackface and Danny DeVito-banging than Mac 's magnum opus , Lethal Weapon 5 .
Advertisement
CBS 5 - KPHO
Oooh , look out , people . The United Nations is coming to destroy your freedoms and take away your way of life .
Fortunately , we have the far-right Republicans of the Arizona Legislature out there on the front lines protecting us .
The same woman -- Republican Sen. Judy Burges , R-Hateful Old People ( aka Sun City West ) -- who sponsored Arizona 's notorious birther law is back this session with SB 1403 , a bill that would prevent Arizona from participating in any kind of legislation that would support the eeeeevil UN `` Agenda 21 '' plan to destroy America through environmental laws .
As Laurie Roberts at the Arizona Republic reports :
“ I appear before you to address a United Nations program that is designed to change our way of life , our heritage and our liberties as outlined and protected by our most precious Constitution , ” she announced . “ I testify to you against the seductive evils contained in the United Nations ' agenda for the 21st Century and more easily stated , Agenda 21. ” The Sun City West Republican has often been on the front lines during her eight years at the Capitol , battling conspiracies of both a global and national nature . So it is no surprise that she is back again this year with Senate Bill 1403 , a proposal that appears to undo decades of environmental protections , limit citizen access to information about hazardous materials and in general leave people – the ones who do n't embrace tin foil for its millinery properties — scratching their heads . Burges ' bill , simply put , would bar state or local government from abiding by any of the principles set forth in the United Nations Rio Declaration on Environment and Development . Agenda 21 , as it 's called , is a non binding agreement approved in 1992 during a UN conference in Rio de Janeiro . Basically , it 's a list of principles detailing how communities can better conserve natural resources . But if you 're Burgess , it 's a plot to destroy America . “ The truth contained within this United Nations program depicts something sinister and dark , ” she told her fellow lawmakers . “ The plan calls for government to take control of all land use and not leave any decisions in the hands of private property owners . It is assumed by the backers of Agenda 21 that people are not good stewards of the land and the government will do a better job if it 's in control . Individual rights are to be given away to the global community as determined by a global governing body , not by local elected representatives … and folks , not even your state Legislature . Furthermore , the contents of the United Nations program reveal that people should be rounded up off their own land and relocated to human settlements close to employment centers and transportation hubs . ”
Burges has trotted out this bill previously . As before , this bill would effectively preempt the state from enforcing any water-quality , air-quality , or other environmental laws . Which is just peachy , as far as today 's Republicans are concerned . Even Richard Nixon would be rolling in his grave .
firehand101 Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Australia 3126 Posts Last Edited : 2011-10-31 11:49:49 # 1
But look at this video , anyone looks familiar ?
So as you all know DeMuslim has virtually disappeared off the face of the earth since his last twitter post about 12 days ago . Some problems with his visa and trying to get to Korea for his code A spot and so on ....... But look at this video , anyone looks familiar ?
We found him !
You boss DeMuslim ! Keep up the great work and stream for goodness sake !
Edit : place looks quite romantic .............
Edit 2 :
We found him ! You boss DeMuslim ! Keep up the great work and stream for goodness sake ! Edit : place looks quite romantic ............. Edit 2 :
Thanks to Roe for finding this one , this has demmie and machine and anna in it , dancing through some waterfall place , but it was taken at the start of the month when he was still with us , so not that big of a deal ..... Thanks to Roe for finding this one , this has demmie and machine and anna in it , dancing through some waterfall place , but it was taken at the start of the month when he was still with us , so not that big of a deal ..... The opinions expressed by our users do not reflect the official position of TeamLiquid.net or its staff .
Emporio Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 2808 Posts # 2 Dang if that girl came to visit me , I would disappear for 12 days too How does it feel knowing you wasted another 3 seconds of your life reading this again ?
Yoshi Kirishima Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 9357 Posts # 3 haha nice thanks for sharing Mid-master streaming MECH ONLY + commentary www.twitch.tv/yoshikirishima +++ `` If all-in fails , all-in again . ''
Synche Profile Joined May 2010 United States 1322 Posts # 4 It 's got to be the accent .
justinpal Profile Joined September 2010 United States 3258 Posts # 5 How in the world did you find this ? Never make a hydralisk .
clazerxsniper Profile Joined August 2011 34 Posts # 6 not going to lie i think he can do way better
GettingIt Profile Joined August 2011 1360 Posts # 7 It is definitely the accent .
Torte de Lini Profile Blog Joined September 2010 Germany 30667 Posts # 8 Aw , she seems nice ; D ! https : //twitter.com/ # ! /TorteDeLini ( @ TorteDeLini )
IMSmooth Profile Joined May 2011 United States 677 Posts # 9 Well played Demuslim , well played indeed `` Get your shit done ... THEN party '' - NonY
MagickMan Profile Joined March 2011 Australia 498 Posts # 10 On October 31 2011 14:58 justinpal wrote :
How in the world did you find this ?
His girlfriend has a tonne of subs His girlfriend has a tonne of subs Lets all put one liner in every thread because post count directly correlates to how awesome we are .
Grettin Profile Joined April 2010 31899 Posts # 11 On October 31 2011 15:01 Torte de Lini wrote :
Aw , she seems nice ; D !
Damn , she seems crazy to me what i saw from other vids . Demuslim better get back to practicing though . : o Damn , she seems crazy to me what i saw from other vids . Demuslim better get back to practicing though . : o `` If I had force-fields in Brood War , I 'd never lose . '' -Bisu
storm44 Profile Blog Joined July 2010 1271 Posts # 12 On October 31 2011 14:59 clazerxsniper wrote :
not going to lie i think he can do way better
I agree her elbows are way too pointy I agree her elbows are way too pointy
firehand101 Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Australia 3126 Posts Last Edited : 2011-10-31 06:03:51 # 13 On October 31 2011 14:58 justinpal wrote :
How in the world did you find this ?
Im not signed up to her facebook or youtube account or anything ..........
But no seriously i just saw it on youtube on the side threads after watching random vids and couldnt believe it !
^^ And far out some people are picky , freakin hell ! haha Im not signed up to her facebook or youtube account or anything .......... But no seriously i just saw it on youtube on the side threads after watching random vids and couldnt believe it ! ^^ And far out some people are picky , freakin hell ! haha The opinions expressed by our users do not reflect the official position of TeamLiquid.net or its staff .
Emporio Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 2808 Posts # 14 On October 31 2011 15:02 MagickMan wrote :
Show nested quote +
On October 31 2011 14:58 justinpal wrote :
How in the world did you find this ?
His girlfriend has a tonne of subs His girlfriend has a tonne of subs
Of which I guess OP is one ? Of which I guess OP is one ? How does it feel knowing you wasted another 3 seconds of your life reading this again ?
justinpal Profile Joined September 2010 United States 3258 Posts # 15 On October 31 2011 15:03 firehand101 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On October 31 2011 14:58 justinpal wrote :
How in the world did you find this ?
Im not signed up to her facebook or youtube account or anything ..........
But no seriously i just saw it on youtube on the side threads after watching random vids and couldnt believe it ! Im not signed up to her facebook or youtube account or anything .......... But no seriously i just saw it on youtube on the side threads after watching random vids and couldnt believe it !
! It was actually pretty funny that I 'm watching her video log just to see DeMu . ! It was actually pretty funny that I 'm watching her video log just to see DeMu . Never make a hydralisk .
firehand101 Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Australia 3126 Posts # 16 On October 31 2011 15:03 Emporio wrote :
Show nested quote +
On October 31 2011 15:02 MagickMan wrote :
On October 31 2011 14:58 justinpal wrote :
How in the world did you find this ?
His girlfriend has a tonne of subs His girlfriend has a tonne of subs
Of which I guess OP is one ? Of which I guess OP is one ?
NO ! I am not ! honestly I just found it , stop accusing me ! NO ! I am not ! honestly I just found it , stop accusing me ! The opinions expressed by our users do not reflect the official position of TeamLiquid.net or its staff .
Seeker Profile Blog Joined April 2005 Where dat snitch at ? 31886 Posts # 17 Oo even DeMuslim needs a break from time to time Moderator PM me if you want translations done | twitch.tv/dankshrine Weekly SC2 Podcast !
Torte de Lini Profile Blog Joined September 2010 Germany 30667 Posts # 18 On October 31 2011 15:03 Grettin wrote :
Show nested quote +
On October 31 2011 15:01 Torte de Lini wrote :
Aw , she seems nice ; D !
Damn , she seems crazy to me what i saw from other vids . Demuslim better get back to practicing though . : o Damn , she seems crazy to me what i saw from other vids . Demuslim better get back to practicing though . : o
Crazy how ? O :
Makes me wonder what happened to idra 's girl who likes to 5v5 rofl Crazy how ? O : Makes me wonder what happened to idra 's girl who likes to 5v5 rofl https : //twitter.com/ # ! /TorteDeLini ( @ TorteDeLini )
firehand101 Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Australia 3126 Posts # 19 On October 31 2011 15:05 Torte de Lini wrote :
Show nested quote +
On October 31 2011 15:03 Grettin wrote :
On October 31 2011 15:01 Torte de Lini wrote :
Aw , she seems nice ; D !
Damn , she seems crazy to me what i saw from other vids . Demuslim better get back to practicing though . : o Damn , she seems crazy to me what i saw from other vids . Demuslim better get back to practicing though . : o
Crazy how ? O :
Makes me wonder what happened to idra 's girl who likes to 5v5 rofl Crazy how ? O : Makes me wonder what happened to idra 's girl who likes to 5v5 rofl
haha , id say idras was better than demies , but is he even with her anymore ? haha , id say idras was better than demies , but is he even with her anymore ? The opinions expressed by our users do not reflect the official position of TeamLiquid.net or its staff .
keeperton Profile Joined December 2010 United States 233 Posts # 20 I want a bunch of candy now .
1 2 3 4 5 10 11 12 Next All
THIS IS WHAT CHANGE LOOKS LIKE : Earlier today , more than 1,000 moms , dads , survivors and citizens marched across the Brooklyn Bridge to take a stand for gun sense .
Just yesterday morning I posted a bit on how MDA-IL inflated numbers by 5x to make their support seem more than it really is.Well apparently they 're taking direction from the higher ups as Shannon Watts throws out more BS Again , Bullcrap . almost no photos of the marching crowd outside of a few closeups . These are the closest I could find See that brown sign top left ? Here it is from the front . The VERY front of the crowd : A bunched up shot showing maybe 200 people Even if they did get 1000 people from 'across the country ' , they demonstrated in a city of over 8 million people not even counting the MSA ( near 20 million ) and THIS is the best they could do ? How pathetic is that ? This is a group that just got tens of millions from their financier Bloomberg ( who did n't show , btw ) , they could n't afford a cameraman ? IGOLD gets a dozen professionals , volunteers , and supporters on the bridge along the march alone to get crowd shots . Wonder if a big chunk of that money is being used to bus in 'activists ' , armed , private security and 'non-salary ' compensation for Shannon.But I digress , there 's nowhere near '1000 ' people in any way , shape , or form but it sure sounds impressive , does n't it ? Much better than the real numbers which are little more than an enhanced tour group .
Note : This article is n't about securing the Python interpreter against crashes/segfaults or exhaustion of resources attacks . For help with that , take a look at the excellent sandboxing features of PyPy . Those of you wanting to just know about the practical applications of this , scroll down to the bottom of the article = )
There have been many attempts to secure the Python interpreter so that untrusted code can be safely executed alongside trusted code . Working attempts like RestrictedPython and zope.proxy unfortunately come at a high cost in terms of performance .
Old-school Python hackers would probably remember the deprecated rexec module which used to be enabled in the standard library . This module , along with it 's Bastion sibling , provided a framework for “ restricted execution ” of Python code .
The rexec module encouraged a certain design pattern which depended on class attributes being kept “ private ” from untrusted code . Unfortunately , Python 's introspection powers are heavily geared against this and there are many many dark corners from which one can peer deep into the heart of classes .
So it was no surprise that , soon after the introduction of new-style classes in Python , rexec was dumped . And all hopes of securing the Python interpreter in an efficient way went the way of Plan 9 .
Now , those in the security world are probably aware of the Object Capability model of security as pioneered by the likes of the Actors model and the E language . Entire Operating Systems have been implemented free of viruses thanks to this model .
For a long while I have felt that there exists a major subset of Python that is suited for use through the object capability model . After all capabilities are just non-forgeable references . We already have this in Python .
The next step is to simply ensure that there is no global shared state . And whilst a lot of existing code uses global shared state , there is nothing in the Python language that imposes this limitation . Thus it should be possible to isolate a capability-secure subset of Python and build up from there .
Since I 've had this insight , the Google Caja project have done the exact same for Javascript . They identified a capability-secure subset of Javascript and have built up from there…
So how can we Python hackers get beyond shared state ? After all , there is no “ private ” in Python . Right ?
Well , not quite . We can use closures as an easy way of emulating a private scope in Python . After all this is how it 's done in other capability-based languages . This is nothing new . Ka-Ping Yee had this insight on Python-Dev years ago !
But what about Python 's various introspective powers you ask ? Unlike the deep plumbing of classes , Python 's functions are relatively isolated and makes our life much easier . This makes sense when you realise that Python classes are actually syntactic sugar and sets of protocols on top of functions .
But functions are n't opaque beasts by default . There are a number of variables which “ leak ” information . The ones I identified were :
FunctionType.func_closure/__closure__
FunctionType.func_code/__code__
FunctionType.func_globals/__globals__
GeneratorType.gi_code
GeneratorType.gi_frame
type.__subclasses__
And thanks to the Python security challenge using safelite.py we 've been able to identify attributes of FrameType as additional ones , e.g .
FrameType.f_locals
As you can see this is a pretty small list . ( Especial thanks to Paul Cannon for being the first with his hardcore hack to show that frame objects are accessible . )
Now this list is in no way the definitive final list . The Python challenge is still ongoing — try safelite.py yourself and see if you can find more ! But the fact that there have been no new exploits in the last 24 hours despite over a 1,000 unique downloads of safelite.py in the same time gives me some confidence that we are getting towards a comprehensive list .
If we can ensure that untrusted code will never be able to access the final list of these variables , then we can ensure that “ private ” data using closures stays private . And from that basis , we can start building an object capability framework in Python ! !
In safelite.py , I use ctypes to completely remove these variables from the Python interpreter . This is a neat approach which Phillip J. Eby showed me and means that we can start building an object capability framework in Python today !
The flip-side of removing these variables however is that the code which uses these variables wo n't work . Boo ! So I made getter functions like sys.get_func_code and patched the handful of functions in the standard library like inspect.getargspec to use these instead .
The idea being that trusted code would have a reference to the sys module and be able to use them whilst untrusted code would not . But Guido van Rossum — in the conversation that started here — convinced me that Python already has the support for doing this !
And this is where our old friend rexec deserves some thanking . It turns out that rexec is only one half of Python 's restricted execution support . The other half has been living inside the Python Interpreter for well over a decade . For the sake of simplicity let 's call this PIRE — Python Interpreter 's Restricted Execution .
And since there is seemingly no comprehensive documentation of PIRE , I 'll provide a summary here .
Whenever you read/write an attribute on one of Python 's builtin objects , it will raise a RuntimeError stating that the attributed is restricted if both of the following conditions are true :
The attribute has a READ_RESTRICTED and/or WRITE_RESTRICTED flag set .
and/or flag set . PyEval_GetRestricted ( ) returns True .
The flags are set when members of an object are defined . For example , in funcobject.c we find :
static PyMemberDef func_memberlist [ ] = {
{ `` func_closure '' , T_OBJECT , OFF ( func_closure ) , RESTRICTED | READONLY } ,
{ `` func_doc '' , T_OBJECT , OFF ( func_doc ) , WRITE_RESTRICTED } ,
{ `` __doc__ '' , T_OBJECT , OFF ( func_doc ) , WRITE_RESTRICTED } ,
{ `` func_globals '' , T_OBJECT , OFF ( func_globals ) , RESTRICTED | READONLY } ,
{ `` __module__ '' , T_OBJECT , OFF ( func_module ) , WRITE_RESTRICTED } ,
{ NULL } / * Sentinel * /
} ;
where RESTRICTED is just a shorthand for READ_RESTRICTED|WRITE_RESTRICTED .
As for PyEval_GetRestricted , a pure Python equivalent would look like :
import __builtin__
def PyEval_GetRestricted ( ) :
`` `` '' Return if the are in restricted execution . '' '' ''
current_frame = PyEval_GetFrame ( )
if current_frame . __builtins__ ! = __builtin__ :
return True
else :
return False
In other words , it checks to see if the __builtins__ variable in the current execution frame is the exact same as the default __builtin__ module [ Note the difference in spelling of the two variables ] . If they differ , restricted execution is assumed .
Let 's see how this works out in practice :
> > > import md5 , inspect
> > > def dummy ( secret ) :
... `` '' '' A dummy function which creates a closure . '' '' ''
...
... def get_secret_hash ( hexdigest = True ) :
... if hexdigest :
... return md5 . new ( secret ) . hexdigest ( )
... return md5 . new ( secret ) . digest ( )
...
... return get_secret_hash
> > > get_secret_hash = dummy ( 'My Secret . ' )
In normal execution , we can access the func_closure attribute :
> > > get_secret_hash . func_closure
( < cell at 0x23da10 : str object at 0x23ef98 > , )
And use that to get at the secret :
> > > get_secret_hash . func_closure [ 0 ] . cell_contents
'My Secret . '
But if we set the __builtins__ variable , restricted execution mode kicks in :
> > > __builtins__ = { }
> > > get_secret_hash . func_closure
Traceback ( most recent call last ) :
...
RuntimeError : restricted attribute
Tada ! !
Now the eagle-eyed amongst you would have noticed the import of the inspect module above . We will use this to show how trusted code can still access restricted attributes whilst within restricted execution . To inspect module has a useful getargspec function which accesses restricted attributes to find a function 's signature . And , as we can see , it works even in restricted execution mode :
> > > inspect . getargspec ( get_secret_hash )
( [ 'hexdigest ' ] , None , None , ( True , ) )
Why does this work ? Because the scope in which getargspec was defined did n't have a custom __builtins__ and this was captured in the getargspec.func_globals . This is just genius ! And it provides us with a framework on top of which we can build the object capability secure Python .
All we need to do is add the identified set of leak variables to the existing set of restricted attributes . For those who are not familiar with the internals of PIRE , I present a summary here of the current ( in Python 's SVN trunk ) set of restricted attributes .
The bitwise-OR-able flag contants are defined in structmember.h :
READ_RESTRICTED Not readable in restricted mode . WRITE_RESTRICTED Not writable in restricted mode . RESTRICTED Not readable or writable in restricted mode .
In classobject.c , instance method objects :
im_class RESTRICTED im_func RESTRICTED __func__ RESTRICTED im_self RESTRICTED __self__ RESTRICTED
In classobject.c , class objects :
__dict__ RESTRICTED __class__ WRITE_RESTRICTED
In classobject.c , instance objects :
__dict__ RESTRICTED __class__ RESTRICTED
In cPickle.c :
A private copy of the Pickler registry tables is used when PyEval_GetRestricted ( ) .
In fileobject.c :
The file ( ) constructor will raise an error when PyEval_GetRestricted ( ) .
In funcobject.c , function objects :
func_closure RESTRICTED __closure__ RESTRICTED func_code RESTRICTED __code__ RESTRICTED func_defaults RESTRICTED __defaults__ RESTRICTED func_dict RESTRICTED __dict__ RESTRICTED func_doc WRITE_RESTRICTED __doc__ WRITE_RESTRICTED func_globals RESTRICTED __globals__ RESTRICTED func_name WRITE_RESTRICTED __name__ WRITE_RESTRICTED __module__ WRITE_RESTRICTED
In marshal.c :
Unmarshalling code objects will raise an error when PyEval_GetRestricted ( ) .
In methodobject.c , bultin functions :
__self__ RESTRICTED __module__ WRITE_RESTRICTED
As you can see some of the “ leak ” attributes that I want to restrict are already restricted in Python ! All we need to do is add the following changes :
In codeobject.c :
Creating new code objects directly will raise an error when PyEval_GetRestricted ( ) .
In frameobject.c :
All attributes of Frame objects are restricted except for f_restricted .
In genobject.c :
gi_code RESTRICTED gi_frame RESTRICTED
In typeobject.c :
__subclasses__ RESTRICTED
The nice thing about this is that we can then use it in environments like Google App Engine , where we can not use the ctypes-based approach .
Here 's my patch for Python 's SVN trunk : pytrunk.secure.patch
You can review the patch for acceptance into Python core here :
With this patch in place ( and assuming that there are n't more “ leak ” attributes lying around ) , we can start building up a true , secure , object-capability framework in Python .
We 'd need to add things like import mechanisms and start whitelisting builtin functions for use . This is a big undertaking and is one that I am committed to — and will appreciate fellow collaborators who want to make this happen . That includes you hopefully = )
Now , some of you may be wondering what the fuss is ? Why bother creating such an object capability framework in Python ? For that let me give you a few use cases . All on App Engine .
Custom Templates by Users
Web applications like Blogger do n't allow users to customise their blogs using a rich language . Instead they have a proprietary templating system which for the most part is just variable substitution .
Imagine instead if you could let your users use a templating language like Genshi . Users could have the full expresivity of the Python language to generate the output they want .
The problem with letting users do that today is that they would be able to use it to get at the rest of your application and start doing evil things to your database .
But with an object capability based framework in place , you could give users the capability to execute Genshi templates without worrying about them somehow getting access to your database .
And the nice thing about App Engine is that they already have something similar to PyPy 's sandbox running — so your users wo n't be able to segfault your processes .
UserScripts : Python Services in Apps
Web applications like Twitter and Facebook provide APIs which let developers write services which run on their own servers . Imagine instead a ‘ Plex ' application on App Engine which allowed users to create and run arbitrary Python services on their data .
Not only would this save resources — how many copies of Twitter 's database are there ? ? — but it could allow for interesting and composable services . Perhaps even a command line for the internet ?
Services could be provided with a minimal __builtins__ which allowed them to access the current user 's data and not anyone else 's .
Here 's a minimal example to get you thinking :
def create_safe_get ( user_id , db = db ) :
def _safe_get ( key_name ) :
return db . get ( user_id + key_name )
return _safe_get
safe_builtins [ 'db_get ' ] = create_safe_get ( 'tav ' )
exec ( service , { '__builtins__ ' : safe_builtins } )
There are lots and lots of possibilities — imagine a GreaseMonkey-like system but running on the server-side and with Python… the possibilities are only limited by our imagination .
But in order for any of this to be possible , the patch has to be accepted first . Guido has already promised to accept the patch ( for both Core Python and App Engine ! ) if it gets reviewed .
So , if you are a Python-Dev-er , can you please review it :
If not , can you at least let Python-Dev know that you 'd like to see this patch through ? Thanks !
Let me know what you think in the comments below .
— With love , @ tav
Climate change 's impacts on crop yields may force as many as seven million Mexicans to emigrate to the U.S. over the next 70 years , according to research published July 26 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The study is among the first to attempt to put hard numbers on questions about `` environmental refugees '' that may be caused by climate change .
`` There is a significant response of emigration from Mexico to past climate variations , '' says atmospheric scientist Michael Oppenheimer of Princeton University , an author of the study . `` Climate changes predicted by the global circulation models would cause several percents of the Mexican population to move north [ if ] all other factors are held constant . ''
Based on historical patterns of emigration , crop yield and climate change between 1995 and 2005 , the researchers project that as much as 10 percent of Mexico 's population could be forced to migrate in coming decades . In essence , for every 10 percent reduction in crop yield as a result of climate change an additional 2 percent of Mexicans would emigrate . The U.S. National Research Council ( NRC ) estimates that every degree Celsius of warming in global average temperatures means a 5 to 15 percent drop in yield , particularly for corn , in North America .
The number of climate refugees could be significant , anywhere from 1.4 million to 6.7 million Mexicans , depending on how much warming actually occurs . The researchers attempted to account for other variables that governed migration in the past—from the passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) to U.S. border control policy—and isolate the impact of climate change . `` For NAFTA , we took special pains to ensure the robustness of the result by comparing Mexican states that were greatly affected by NAFTA with those which were not , '' Oppenheimer says .
But the study relies on census data to estimate actual emigration , and it assumes that climate change 's impact on maize production—for example , via drought—caused migration in the past and will cause it again in future . `` Migration decisions , like all livelihood decisions , are about much more than material quality of life , '' argues geographer Edward Carr of the University of South Carolina , who studies human migration in countries such as Ghana and was not involved in the Mexico emigration research . `` What I am seeing in sub-Saharan Africa are very complex patterns in which environmental change is but one of several causal factors . ''
The growth in those causal factors—from a population boom to reduced economic opportunity in the countryside—has driven the greatest migration worldwide in recent history . As of 2005 , roughly three percent of the world 's population lived outside their country of birth—the largest proportion ever recorded by the United Nations . And this represents but a small fraction of migration , since the bulk of that occurs within a given nation from rural to urban areas . `` Most often international migration is not an option and rural residents migrate to urban areas , contributing to urbanization and urban poverty in developing countries , '' says sociologist Elizabeth Fussell of Washington State University .
That is certainly the case in Mexico , according to population and migration researcher Haydea Izazola of the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana-Xochimilco , also not part of Oppenheimer 's team for the new study . `` The great majority of the rural population who grow maize—rain-fed agriculture—for their own consumption are the poorest of the poor and lack the means to invest in the very expensive and risky migration venture . ''
In fact , recent trends indicate it is city residents and educated elites who are driving migration from Mexico today , Izazola notes , suggesting a possible shift from the period in this study . That may be because Mexico experienced a severe drought starting in 1994 that persisted throughout this period , making farmers more `` susceptible to these climate effects since there was no time to adapt to them , '' Fussell speculates . `` Migration [ is ] one of several options rural households face when they confront diminishing livelihoods such as a decline in crop yields . ''
Once that process begins , however , it can be self-reinforcing , as community members share their experience—and any wealth gained in the new country—with folks back home . Regardless , `` if our study results are valid , the effect could be significant in many regions '' of the world , Oppenheimer argues .
Of course , the worst-case scenario in this analysis ignores the possibility of new crop varieties that maintain ( or improve ) yields under warmer average temperatures . `` How much can we adapt ? '' asked climate scientist Susan Solomon of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration at the release of the NRC report on July 16 `` Look at corn . Maybe we can choose to grow something else or genetically engineer that corn to make it more robust . ''
And climate change is not confined to Mexico . Crop yields in the U.S. will likely suffer as well . `` People do not move blindly ; they move to greater opportunity , '' Carr notes . `` So we should probably be using [ these economic and climate ] models to examine the impact of future climate change on various migrant-employing sectors of the southwestern U.S . economy . ''
In fact , that is exactly what Oppenheimer and his colleagues are currently working on next : predicting how crop yields in the U.S. may impact the immigration debate .
The craft beer market has grown so rapidly in recent years that breweries are getting increasingly creative in order to set their products apart from the rest . In the case of Heroica , located in the Brazilian city of Jundiaí ( about an hour from São Paulo ) , the small gypsy brewery relies upon a bonsai master to provide some of the exquisite ingredients they use in their brewing processes .
Heroica 's beers not only combine hops , barley , and yeast ; they also use branches of centennial Japanese bonsai trees . For some recipes , the pruned branches come from trees that can cost more than $ 20,000 US .
A juniper bonsai tree . All photos courtesy of Heroica .
Bonsai master Renato Bocabello .
The idea came from Renato Bocabello , one of the biggest bonsai masters in Brazil . His brother-in-law , Lucas Domingues , began making his own beers when Bocabello gave him a homebrewing kit as a gift . With his new equipment , Domingues started to test his own recipes .
`` I was already working in a commercial brewery , following predetermined recipes without the possibility of adding a personal touch or making any kind of change , '' Domingues says . `` I decided to make very experimental tests at home and I came up with very different results . ''
His early experiments included a farmhouse ale made with pepper , lemon , and coca leaves—the South American plant known for its psychoactive alkaloids . The idea for using bonsai branches came to him after he tasted a cachaça infused with branches of kuromatsu ( Japanese black pine ) .
`` I noticed some similarity to many resinous hop flavors , noticeably perceived in some IPAs , and we wondered how a beer made with the bonsai pine branches would taste . So we came up with our Kuromatsu Kamikaze IPA , '' he says . According to Domingues , Scandinavian people have historically used pine instead of hops to make beer in order to balance flavor . `` Everyone who tasted the beer loved it , so my partner , beer sommelier Fábio Walsh , and I established a commercial brewery , '' he adds .
Bocabello usually prunes his more than 400 bonsai trees ( a hundred of which are kuromatsu ) twice a year , so he ends up with many pounds of these precious leftovers that can be used in the IPA recipe . His kuromatsu trees were a gift from a third-generation member of a Japanese family that came to Brazil in 1912 aboard of the Itsukushima-maru , the second ship with immigrants from Japan to dock in the country , which is now home to the largest Japanese population outside Japan .
Bocabello 's bonsai garden .
The seeds were brought by a member of the Hayashida family , who passed down the tradition of bonsai art among his descendents . Many of Bocabello 's trees are more than 100 years old . `` Traditionally in Japan , every time a baby boy is born , a kuromatsu is planted . They are valued and cultivated plants because they age very well , and they are the most representative regarding bonsai art , '' he explains . `` And when it comes to aging bonsais , it can take 100 , 200 , or even 300 years . ''
Among the American hops used in its formula , Heroica [ s Kuromatsu Kamikaze IPA includes Chinook , Amarillo , and , not by chance , Centennial . The beer was launched in 2016 and about 1,000 liters of it are produced every two months . `` With a higher demand , we are considering increasing our production this year , '' Walsh explains .
The partners , with some help from the bonsai master , recently developed a new recipe using ingredients from another of Bocabello 's bonsai trees : the junipers . SuperSonic SourTonic is a sour beer made with cucumber and juniper berries—an homage to the gin and tonic . `` Because of the juniper berries ' flavor and scent , it 's hard not to think about the famous cocktail , '' Walsh says .
SuperSonic was based on sahti , an ancient style of beer from Finland spiced with juniper berries that 's seen a surge in popularity recently . It 's a fresh beer designed to pair well with the high temperatures in Brazil . `` It has a herbal , tingling , and citric acidity that makes it really fresh , '' Domingues points out .
Now the trio is thinking about new recipes and styles to develop for Heroica . Bocabello is literally looking to his garden in search of the new ingredients that could be used in new brewing experiments .
Heroica partners Fabio Walsh and Lucas Domingues .
The bonsai master is particularly interested in native Brazilian trees . `` There 's a huge potential . Brazil is a very rich country regarding trees , and we have wonderful species that could result in great beers , '' he says . According to him , there are many fruity trees that the Heroica partners could use to create new recipes , such as jabuticabeiras , the Brazilian grape tree .
`` But I only provide the ingredients , '' he adds . `` It 's they who have the arduous task of transforming whatever is left from the pruning of my bonsais into good beers . I 'm only the bonsai master . They are the real heroes . ''
Philosophical presentism is the view that neither the future nor the past exist . [ 1 ] In some versions of presentism , this view is extended to timeless objects or ideas ( such as numbers ) . According to presentism , events and entities that are wholly past or wholly future do not exist at all . Presentism contrasts with eternalism and the growing block theory of time which hold that past events , like the Battle of Waterloo , and past entities , like Alexander the Great 's warhorse Bucephalus , really do exist , although not in the present . Eternalism extends to future events as well .
Overview [ edit ]
Augustine of Hippo proposed that the present is analogous to a knife edge placed exactly between the perceived past and the imaginary future and does not include the concept of time . This should be self-evident because , if the present is extended , it must have separate parts – but these must be simultaneous if they are truly a part of the present . According to early philosophers , time can not be simultaneously past and present and hence not extended . Contrary to Saint Augustine , some philosophers propose that conscious experience is extended in time . For instance , William James said that time is `` the short duration of which we are immediately and incessantly sensible '' . [ 2 ] Other early presentist philosophers include the Indian Buddhist tradition . Fyodor Shcherbatskoy , a leading scholar of the modern era on Buddhist philosophy , has written extensively on Buddhist presentism : `` Everything past is unreal , everything future is unreal , everything imagined , absent , mental ... is unreal . Ultimately , real is only the present moment of physical efficiency [ i.e. , causation ] . `` [ 3 ]
According to J. M. E. McTaggart 's `` The Unreality of Time '' , there are two ways of referring to events : the ' A Series ' ( or 'tensed time ' : yesterday , today , tomorrow ) and the ' B Series ' ( or 'untensed time ' : Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday ) . Presentism posits that the A Series is fundamental and that the B Series alone is not sufficient . Presentists maintain that temporal discourse requires the use of tenses , whereas the `` Old B-Theorists '' argued that tensed language could be reduced to tenseless facts ( Dyke , 2004 ) .
Arthur N. Prior has argued against un-tensed theories with the following ideas : the meaning of statements such as `` Thank goodness that 's over '' is much easier to see in a tensed theory with a distinguished , present now . [ 4 ] Similar arguments can be made to support the theory of egocentric presentism ( or perspectival realism ) , which holds that there is a distinguished , present self .
In modern theory of relativity , the conceptual observer is at a geometric point in both space and time at the apex of the 'light cone ' which observes the events laid out in time as well as space . Different observers may disagree on whether two events at different locations occurred simultaneously depending on whether the observers are in relative motion ( see relativity of simultaneity ) . This theory depends upon the idea of time as an extended thing and has been confirmed by experiment , thus giving rise to a philosophical viewpoint known as four dimensionalism . Although the contents of an observation are time-extended , the conceptual observer , being a geometric point at the origin of the light cone , is not extended in time or space . This analysis contains a paradox in which the conceptual observer contains nothing , even though any real observer would need to be the extended contents of an observation to exist . This paradox is partially resolved in relativity theory by defining a 'frame of reference ' to encompass the measuring instruments used by an observer . This reduces the time separation between instruments to a set of constant intervals .
Some of the difficulties and paradoxes of presentism can be resolved by changing the normal view of time as a container or thing unto itself and seeing time as a measure of changing spatial relationships among objects . Thus , observers need not be extended in time to exist and to be aware , but they rather exist and the changes in internal relationships within the observer can be measured by stable countable events . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
• Former Test wicketkeeper alleged to have been paid in Ram Slam T20 scandal • Highveld Lions captain has played three Tests for South Africa
The former Test wicketkeeper Thami Tsolekile has been revealed as one of the players under investigation in the Twenty20 corruption scandal that has rocked South African cricket .
The Guardian has learned Tsolekile , who played the last of his three Tests for South Africa 12 years ago but has been in their squad as recently as March 2014 , is alleged to have been paid at least R75,000 ( £3,100 ) to improperly influence an aspect of last year 's Ram Slam competition .
Tsolekile captained the Highveld Lions in the tournament and , according to Cricket South Africa 's anti-corruption code , could face a minimum five-year ban if found guilty of wrongdoing .
South Africa pick uncapped Stephen Cook for fourth Test against England Read more
Players can also be criminally charged under the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act , which contains a clause for sporting events . The law was passed in 2004 , four years after the former South Africa captain Hansie Cronje received a life ban from cricket for match-fixing .
At least one more former South Africa player is believed to be under investigation , while a number of domestic cricketers are facing possible charges of failing to report approaches .
Last week the former South Africa one-day all-rounder Gulam Bodi was named as the “ intermediary ” charged by Cricket South Africa in December for allegedly attempting to recruit players for the Ram Slam T20 scam .
Bodi , who is cooperating with the investigation , played two one-day internationals and a Twenty20 for South Africa in 2007 . His last professional game was in January last year , when he played alongside Tsolekile for the Lions .
Tsolekile has not played for the Lions since the Ram Slam tournament last month , missing four matches in the domestic first-class competition including last week 's fixture with the Knights in Kimberley . The 35-year-old , whose Lions team finished second from bottom of the six-team Ram Slam competition , has captained South Africa A and the country 's under-19 team .
When contacted by the Guardian , Tsolekile said : “ No I do n't know anything about that . And I do n't want to comment anything about that . ”
A spokesperson for Cricket South Africa declined to comment while the investigation is continuing .
It has been established Bodi began to make overtures to players during the Africa T20 Cup , a season curtain-raiser played between 4 September and 4 October designed to give exposure to South Africa 's semi-professional players .
During that time Bodi approached a player from the Titans franchise who rejected his offer but who is now under investigation for failing to report his advances .
Similar to the manner in which Cronje operated in the late 1990s , Bodi is understood to have pretended his offer was a joke once it had been rejected by the player .
South Africa 's cricketers receive regular education on anti-corruption and were given a stark reminder of the pitfalls of fixing in early November , during the early stages of the Ram Slam tournament .
As part of a joint initiative between the South African Cricketers ' Association and the Professional Cricketers ' Association in England , players from the six franchises were given a presentation and had a Q & A session with the convicted spot-fixer Mervyn Westfield .
The former Essex fast bowler served eight weeks of a four-month jail sentence and was banned from professional cricket for five years for accepting an offer of £6,000 to deliberately bowl badly in a Pro40 game against Durham in September 2009 .
Westfield was also banned from participating in club cricket for three years , although that was reduced after he agreed to assist in a PCA-run anti-corruption programme .
At the same meetings that Westfield told the South African players his story , it is understood the CSA anti-corruption chief , Louis Cole , informed the players that suspicious characters had already been spotted at televised matches .
Twenty-two of the 32 games in the Ram Slam T20 were broadcast overseas , including in India .
On 6 November , four games into the tournament , a CSA press release said the organisation had warned players “ after gathering intelligence that an international syndicate is attempting to corrupt domestic cricket in South Africa . ”
While the governing body was aware of the threat early on in the competition and may have prevented a large number of matches from being corrupted , the fact that 47 players and staff are understood to have been spoken to in the evidence-gathering process since leaves no doubt as to the scale of the problem .
Pope Receives Dossier on Contracts and Favours – Vatican-owned Houses to be Monitored More Closely
Vatican secretary of state Bertone steps in . Leadership change looms at Propaganda Fide
VATICAN CITY – The storm that has engulfed Propaganda Fide and its property portfolio ca n't be said to have taken the Vatican hierarchy by surprise . Serenity is the order of the day with invitations for “ civil justice to run its course ” . Obviously , “ you read a lot of things that are not true ” said several sources on the day when the newspapers carried Guido Bertolaso 's statement to magistrates in Perugia . That the head of the civil protection agency was a guest in the Via Giulia apartment while no one paid rent to the congregation for the evangelisation of peoples “ should be ruled out ” , say Vatican sources . “ Someone must have been paying ” . Yet it was clear that something was going wrong well before phone taps and investigations uncovered the unsavoury business of property sales and allocations to favoured insiders . The harsh term being bandied about the Vatican is : “ Removal ” . Four years ago in 2006 , the then prefect of Propaganda Fide , Crescenzio Sepe , was removed by Benedict XVI at the end of his five-year term . This was “ unusual ” , say sources , since his predecessor had remained in office for 16 years and other 20th-century prefects had served well beyond their first term , except for one who died prematurely . It is equally odd for the head of a congregation , no less than the influential “ red pope ” in charge of Propaganda Fide , to move to a diocese , even a prestigious one like Naples . Generally , the reverse is the case .
“ LESS THAN IMPECCABLE MANAGEMENT ” – No , something was not quite right . “ Management was less than impeccable ” is the ecclesiastical euphemism used . A low-key reform of the Curia initiated by Benedict XVI in 2005 – gradual , unflustered – had already started to remedy the situation and in recent months , papal interest has quite understandably grown . It has already been decided to strike the name of “ consultor ” and “ Gentleman of the Holy See ” Angelo Balducci from the 2011 Pontifical Yearbook . The Vatican secretary of state 's office has acquired all relevant documentation on the affair and Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone has conferred with Benedict XVI “ as [ he would ] on any issue ” . New developments are now expected . Vatican sources deny that a special commissioner will be appointed for the congregation , despite rumours to the contrary .
IMMENSE PORTFOLIO – Things look set to change . Propaganda Fide 's assets , a huge portfolio estimated to be worth nine billion euros , comprise property and donations acquired over the centuries by the congregation in complete autonomy . Their purpose is to support missionary work abroad , especially Africa and Asia , which is why the prefect is known as the red pope , and the portfolio is run independently of APSA , the body chaired by Cardinal Attilio Nicora that administers the Holy See 's assets . The problem is that this division is too strict , in the sense that the two managements operate without liaising in any way . Sources at the secretary of state 's office say that is why it is to be hoped that “ better co-ordination and greater vigilance ” over the congregation 's operations can be achieved . It is not a question of transferring competences or property but of “ ensuring more internal transparency ” , if only to stop the Holy See , apart from members of the congregation , from being left in the dark about deeds and sales of property , as happened under the former regime .
TRANSPARENCY – The present prefect of Propaganda Fide , Cardinal Ivan Dias , was appointed in 2006 specifically to “ set up more transparent management ” . A very spiritual Indian and former archbishop of Bombay , he was to , and does , guarantee a serene arm 's length distance from groups of friends in Rome . According to Vatican sources , Cardinal Dias has applied to Benedict XVI to be relieved of the post . It has been know for some time that the cardinal has health problems , although the intention is believed to be to keep him in the post until the end of his term in spring 2011 . Whatever the decision , it is a problem that must be faced in the next few months . Cardinal Dias ' successor will be a very high-level prelate trusted by Benedict XVI and Cardinal Bertone . One name going the rounds is that of Archbishop Fernando Filoni , a skilled diplomat and substitute for general affairs . In this case , the problem will be finding someone else to step into his shoes in the upper echelons of the secretary of state 's office , where he is the number two , in tandem with Archbishop Dominique Mamberti .
English translation by Giles Watson
www.watson.it
Mirage Hotel & Casino , Las Vegas - The World Boxing Council held their annual convention and it was the biggest one ever . A who 's who of former and current WBC champions from all over the world were in attendance - including Floyd Mayweather Jr. , Miguel Cotto , Gennady Golovkin , Sugar Ray Leonard , Mike Tyson , Erik Morales , Oscar De La Hoya , Marvin Hagler , Thomas Hearns , Robert Duran , Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. , Roman Gonzalez , Jhonny Gonzalez , Carlos Cuadras , Takashi Miura , Shinsuke Yamanaka , Omar Figueroa , Bermane Stiverne , Grigory Drozd , Leo Santa Cruz , Joe Calzaghe , Ricky Hatton and many more .
Imagine if all of the Greats were to chant `` Fight Pacquiao ! Fight Pacquiao ! Fight Pacquiao ! '' FLoyd will run away sobbing or he will hide his face under Lailas pit .
[ QUOTE=KTFO ; 15198529 ] Pac should have gone so all the great green belt champs ( GGG too ) could form a circle and let Pac n Floyd go at it old school style in the middle . Floyd in his sweatsuit vs Manny with his XS…
Why was Ricky Hatton tagged when he was never WBC champion ?
pacroid is not invited hahaha
Nice to see John H.Stracey there . Pity Ken Buchanan could n't make it .
Arkansas Gains Momentum For 2018 , Signing 10
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark . — Arkansas swimming and diving head coach Neil Harper announced the signing of 10 additions to the program for the 2018-19 season .
“ I am extremely happy with our recruiting class , ” said Harper . “ Last year , we signed the best diving class in the country . This year , we have signed swimmers that will contend at the SEC and NCAA Championships . This year 's team created great chemistry and a culture that our recruits fell in love with . It is an exciting time to be a Razorback , as we continue to work on becoming the most improved team in the country . ”
Emma Garfield | The Colony , Texas ( The Colony High School / Lakeside Swim Team )
Garfield won the Texas UIL 5A title in the 100 breast last year . She also finished second in the 200 IM . Her top times include 1:02.70 in the 100 breast , 2:14.36 in the 200 breast and 4:21.88 in the 400 IM .
Vanessa Herrmann | Bismarck , North Dakota ( Century High School / Aquastorm )
Herrmann is the No . 1 ranked recruit from the state of North Dakota . She is the three-year North Dakota State Champion in the 200 IM and 100 breaststroke at the NDHSAA Boys/Girls State Meet . Her top times include a 1:02.75 mark in the 100 breast , 2:16.74 in the 200 breast , 2:02.77 in the 200 IM and a 4:25.40 in the 400 IM .
Anna Hopkin | Preston , England ( University of Bath / Ealing Swim Club )
Hopkin won gold in the 50m free at the 2017 British Swimming Championships in Sheffield , just ahead of Olympic silver-medalist Siobhan-Marie O'Connor . Hopkin represented Great Britain at the World University Games in Taiwan last summer . Her best times converted to short-course are a 21.86 in the 50 free , 48.05 in the 100 free and 54.59 in the 100 fly .
Lexi Ljunggren | East Grand Forks , Minnesota ( East Grand Forks Senior High / RRVY Wahoos )
Ljunggren is a distance free swimmer , who is a four-time North Dakota state champion , having won the 200/500 free double at the NDHSAA Boys/Girls State Meet in both her freshman and sophomore seasons . She placed third in the 1000 free ( 10:01.72 ) at the 2017 Iowa City Sectionals and fourth in the 200 free ( 1:49.88 ) and 500 free ( 4:52.87 ) . Her top times include a 52.60 in the 100 free , 1:49.85 in the 200 free , 4:52.33 in the 500 free , 10:01.72 in the 1000 free and 17:05.51 in the mile .
Erin McGuirt | Searcy , Arkansas ( Searcy High School / Shark ATAC )
McGuirt is a two-time State Champion in the 200 IM at the AHSAA 6A Championships . She is a USA Swimming Futures Qualifier , as well . Her top times include a 55.05 mark in the 100 fly , 2:06.38 in the 200 fly , 2:05.46 in the 200 IM and 4:25.86 in the 400 IM .
Kobie Melton | Athens , Alabama ( Athens High School / Huntsville Swim Association )
Melton is a two-time USA Swimming Scholastic All-American and NISCA All-American . At the 2016 AHSAA 6A-7A Division Swimming and Diving Championships , she won the 100 back in a time of 55.99 and finished runner-up in the 200 free in 1:50.36 . She is a 2016 U.S. Olympic Team Trials qualifier in the 100 back , clocking a 1:03.09 in the prelims . Her top times include a 23.69 mark in the 50 free , 50.45 in the 100 free and 1:49.97 in the 200 free . Her top 100 back time is 54.69 .
Molly Moore | Brookline , Missouri ( New Covenant Academy / Springfield Aquatics )
Moore was a runner-up in both the 50 free and 100 free at the 2017 MSHSAA Girls State Swimming Championships . Her top times include 23.07 in the 50 free and 51.09 in the 100 free . She also swims the 100 back and 200 back , with times of 55.65 and 2:04.40 , respectively .
Estilla Mosena | Trieste , Italy
Mosena is a two-time Italian champion in FINA category B on the 1m and 3m springboards . She was also selected twice to be part of the Italian Junior National team . She represented Italy at the 2012 European Junior Diving Championships in Graz and at the 2014 European Junior Diving Championships in Bergamo . During her career , she has won 13 national and international medals , including two golds , six silver and five bronze .
Andrea Sansores | Cancun , Mexico ( International American School Cancun / Casablanca Cancun )
Sansores represented Mexico at the 2015 FINA Junior World Championships in Singapore and at the 2017 FINA World Championships in Indianapolis . In Singapore , the sprinter swam to a 49th-place showing in the 50 free , 42nd in the 50 back and 43rd in the 50 fly . This past summer in Indianapolis , she set a personal best in the 50 free ( 23.28 ) with a 34th-place finish , improved to 29th in the 50 back and touched 36th in the 100 back . Her other personal bests include a 52.23 mark in the 100 free and 57.13 in the 100 back .
Svea Torres | Greenville , North Carolina ( D.H. Conley High School / East Carolina Aquatics )
Torres is a two-time USA Swimming Scholastic All-American and three-time high school All-American . She was a finalist at the 2015 , 2016 and 2017 NCHSAA 4A State Championships . During her sophomore year , she finished fifth in the 100 free and led the 200 medley and 200 free relays . As a junior , Torres touched sixth in the 50 free and won the consolation final of the 100 free . Her top times include a 23.28 in the 50 free , 51.20 in the 100 free , 1:50.81 in the 200 free and 1:05.80 in the 100 breast .
For more information on Arkansas Swimming and Diving , follow @ RazorbackSD on Twitter .
2 . Do n't Just Make A Dollar , Make A Difference .
Inspirational men and women are renowned because their dream was n't simply about making their pockets bigger . Their vision extended beyond self-gratification .
Let 's be real -- money is important . It 's a powerful resource that can bring great change . And when ambition turns into success , wealth is sure to follow . What you choose to do with that wealth will reveal much about you , and the legacy you leave . Money can tear down monuments as quickly as it can build them .
Much like the ring Frodo carries , money has an all-consuming power . And if the scope of your dreams are as wide as blinders on a race-horse , your fulfillment will be as narrow . Just take a look at the tragic ending for almost every major lottery winner .
Money without meaning is worthless . Create a grand vision for your success that extends far beyond confines of your own life .
3 . If You Want Success , Start Failing .
Because failure and losing has the unique ability to uncover your blind spots . Significant improvement comes not from studying your strengths , but your weaknesses .
Thomas Edison said , `` I have not failed . I 've just found 10,000 ways that wo n't work . ''
It 's called iteration -- progress with refinement toward a goal . It 's one thing to simply repeat a process , it 's another to do so with improvement .
Failure is the drawing board for iteration .
4 . You Ca n't Please Everyone .
Everyone has an opinion and will give their advice . But they wo n't all be supportive of your dream . While it 's in our nature to love and be loved , to make friends , not enemies , striving to live according to someone else 's blueprint will only create bitterness .
Before David fought Goliath , he was instructed to put on King Saul 's armor . It was so uncomfortable he could barely walk . Only when he stripped the armor , and picked up his own sling , was he able to defeat Goliath .
It would 've been a different David & Goliath story had he taken King Saul 's advice .
There 's nothing wrong with seeking counsel and taking advice , but you have to filter the advice that propels you , from that which derails you . It 's wise to have an inner-circle of people you respect to speak into your life and act as a second filter . But ultimately , you have the clearest and best vantage point for what excites you . The sooner you realize you ca n't please everyone , the better .
Bill Cosby said , `` I do n't know the key to success , but the key to failure is trying to please everybody . ''
5 . Keep Dreaming .
The power of human imagination continues to baffle scientists . Visualization exercises are used by elite athletes with incredible results . In a study comparing pianists , those who simply imagined playing a melody performed almost identically to those who physically practiced . Your imagination -- creating a vision , blur lines with reality .
Writing down your goals and dreams is a practice involving your imagination , and likewise with profound effects . Dr. Gail Matthews is a psychologist from Dominican University -- her research took 267 participants and found that those who wrote down their goals with specific weekly strategies had a 76 percent success rate compared with 43 percent who merely stated their goals .
Practically living out your dreams is fueled through `` impractically '' dreaming out your dream . Write your goals down often . Clear , and detailed . And the next time someone calls you a dreamer , that 's a great sign .
6 . It 's Who You Know .
Nobody leaves a campfire without smelling like smoke . Subconsciously , we ca n't help but take in information from our environment . And , after prolonged exposure , it manifests in our behavior .
Jim Rohn said , `` You are the average of the five people you spend most time with . ''
We 're deeply impacted by the people we allow into our lives . That 's why `` Mastermind '' groups are so popular and effective among entrepreneurs .
It 's a good time to take inventory of the people closest to you . Are they lifting you up or bringing you down ?
7 . Ai n't No Valley Low Enough .
Your dream wo n't be presented on a silver platter . Success will come with scratches and scars .
One of the most celebrated authors of our time , J.K. Rowling , chased her dream from the age of 5 . But before the Harry Potter series became an `` Everest '' in the literary world , Rowling spent many years deep in the valley . After losing her mother , enduring a failing marriage , whilst raising a daughter , Rowling reflects , `` I was as poor as you can get without being homeless . ''
Of course , depression and turmoil are n't prerequisites for success , but sacrificing your comfort zone is . And by definition , that 's not a pleasurable experience .
The European Commission decided to launch infringement procedures and address letters of formal notice to the Czech Republic , Poland and Hungary as part of a procedure that could lead to sanctions against the three countries in connection with their refusal to accept refugees , according to the EU body .
BRUSSELS ( Sputnik ) — The European Commission is sending on Wednesday formal letters to the Czech Republic , Poland and Hungary as part of a procedure that could lead to sanctions against the three countries in connection with their refusal to accept refugees , expecting a response within a month , the EU body said Wednesday .
`` As announced yesterday in the 13th report on relocation and resettlement , since no action has yet been taken by the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland to meet their legal obligations , the Commission has decided today to launch infringement procedures and address letters of formal notice to these three Member States , '' the European Commission said in a statement , adding the countries now have one month to respond to the arguments .
The procedure was launched due to the fact that Hungary had taken no action since the relocation scheme started , Poland had not relocated anyone and not pledged since December 2015 , and the Czech Republic had not relocated anyone since August 2016 and not made any new pledges for over a year , the Commission said .
© AFP 2018 / JANEK SKARZYNSKI Warsaw Brushes Off EU Commission 's 'Unjustified ' Threats on Accepting Refugees
If the European Commission concludes that the member state is failing to fulfill its obligations under EU law , it may then send a formal request to comply with EU law , calling on the state to inform the Commission of the measures taken to comply within a specified period . If a EU member state fails to ensure compliance with EU law , the Commission may then decide to refer the member state to the Court of Justice .
In September 2015 , the heads of the Internal Affairs Ministries of EU member states decided to resettle 120,000 asylum seekers that arrived to Italy and Greece to 23 out of 28 countries of the bloc , in addition to the previously agreed upon 40,000 people with a specific quota for each member state .
PORTLAND — For Raymond Wong , the metal banners are the last straw .
Already , the city contributed to Old Town Chinatown 's decline , Wong said , by allowing homeless shelters and social services agencies to congregate there . Then there were the parking meters and the end of fareless square .
Now , a group tasked with revitalizing the neighborhood has launched a rebranding effort that Wong fears will rename the district . The Old Town Chinatown Community Association plans to hang banners on some Northwest Portland avenues , adding another name to the neighborhood 's existing monikers : Japantown .
Wong and 100 other Chinese residents protested the association 's Wednesday night meeting .
They are fighting , Wong said , against more than banners . As boutique hotels go up and Asian Americans move to East Portland 's Jade District , Wong worries the rebranding could be the move that erases Portland 's Chinatown once and for all .
`` This is not good for us , '' Wong said . `` This is our Chinatown . We have businesses here . A lot of Chinese people are still here . We own buildings here . Why would you make our identity lost ? ''
Helen Ying , the president of the volunteer board and a Chinese American herself , said her group does n't want to diminish Chinatown . Instead , it wants to recognize the other groups who once lived there .
`` If you look at the history of the neighborhood , the Japanese had many properties here , '' Ying said . `` But that part of the history has n't been highlighted in the neighborhood . We want to connect people , to make this one of the best neighborhoods in Portland . Together , stronger . ''
Portland 's original Chinatown was south of the one people know today . Chinese immigrants created the city 's first Asian American center in 1850 along the Willamette River . But as the riverfront property became more valuable , landlords and city officials pushed Chinese residents out .
Portland 's current Chinatown , just north of West Burnside Street , was home to other groups before the Chinese arrived in 1910 . In the early 1900s , African Americans lived and socialized there . And Japanese immigrants spent nearly 50 years running hotels , barber shops and bathhouses in the neighborhood then known as Nihonmachi , or Japantown .
When government officials sent Portland 's Japanese residents to internment camps in 1942 , Chinese business owners took over their abandoned properties .
In time , Portlanders forgot about Japantown and the Old Chinatown . The red-and-gold streets bound by Northwest 4th and 2nd Avenues became known as Chinatown .
Officially , `` Japantown '' has been a part of the neighborhood 's name since 1989 , when the U.S . Historic Register of Places listed the neighborhood as New Chinatown/Japantown .
`` But that name was never , ever , actually used , '' Wong said .
At its peak , Portland 's Chinatown was the nation 's second largest , behind San Francisco 's . But the glory days did n't last long . Chinese business owners began calling for revitalization efforts as early as 1963 .
In the 1980s , they tried again . The Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association and others raised $ 300,000 for a new Chinatown gate at Burnside and 4th . When they erected the gate , bronze lion sculptures and red-and-gold street lamps in late 1986 , business owners believed the cosmetic touches would finally turn the neighborhood around .
They did n't . In the 1990s , grocers filed for bankruptcy . Business owners complained about homeless people , drug use and litter . City decisions to add homeless shelters and light rail contributed to the decline , they argued .
Still , a neighborhood association group kept meeting . And business owners and nonprofit workers created a business association there in 2007 with plans to turn the neighborhood around .
But by 2012 , `` neither were functioning really well , '' Ying said .
A group of volunteers , only some of them Chinese , began working on a new revitalization plan .
The association 's website emphasizes Old Town , with Chinatown relegated to a list of five districts below . Its logo — a white O set against a multi-colored background — is not noticeably Chinese , Wong notes . The group recently moved its website from oldtownchinatown.org to pdxoldtown.org .
The association 's long-term goals include a plan to `` enhance and celebrate the multi-ethnic history and culture '' of the neighborhood .
Eventually , that could mean a museum that tells the stories of all who lived there , including African Americans and Greeks . For now , it means rolling out the metal banners .
An artist created five logos , one each for the Waterfront , Skidmore , Japantown , Chinatown and Ankeny Plaza . Using grant money from the Portland Development Commission , the association plans to hang the banners throughout Northwest Portland .
`` The neighborhood is bigger than 3rd and 4th avenues , '' Ying said . `` The brand has to speak to the entire area , not just one part of the neighborhood . Chinatown will remain Chinatown . We intend to work with all the groups . ''
Wong does n't believe the banners will help Chinatown . Further , he worries the banners will confuse tourists searching for the Lan Su Chinese Garden , at Northwest 2nd Avenue and Everett Street .
`` People know the Chinese garden is in Chinatown , '' Wong said . `` But is this Old Town ? Chinatown ? Japantown ? Three names is a little too much . ''
Calling the rebranding `` insensitive to the cultural heritage of Chinese , '' Wong and others began planning the protest last week .
Wong said he has not spoken to any Japanese people about the protest .
`` It 's possible they will be upset , '' Wong said .
The Oregon Nikkei Legacy Center is nearby , and the Naito Parkway is named after Bill Naito , a Japanese business owner who helped revitalize the area in the 1960s and 1970s and who coined the name Old Town .
Beyond that , Wong said , `` we do n't see much of a footprint for the Japanese community here . ''
Wednesday night , protesters carrying hand-painted signs said they did n't view their protests as anti-Japanese . But as hotels and high-rise buildings come to Old Town , Chinese residents worry their history will fade away .
The turnout shows Chinese people are n't ready to cede the neighborhood , said Hongcheng Zhao , one of the organizers .
Portland 's Chinese residents are working together in ways they have n't in years , Zhao said . Young Chinese people drove in from Beaverton and elders came from East Portland for the protest .
A petition Wong created last week to protest the rebranding has more than 200 signatures .
`` We want to show we have a voice , '' Wong said . `` I 'm pretty sure we could get some new blood to get involved in the community . ''
Activists protesting the GOP health care bill .
Scott Olson/Getty Images
Not that any Republicans in Congress will care , but the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Tuesday that the uninsured rate remained at a historic low last year . Just 9 percent of Americans lacked health coverage in 2016 , according to the National Health Interview Survey , down from 16 percent when Obamacare passed .
This is not entirely happy news . On the one hand , it 's a reminder of all the good the health law has done : There are 20 million fewer Americans without coverage today than before the legislation passed , and contrary to Republican talking points about Americans being forced to buy useless insurance , all signs suggest people are receiving more ( and more affordable ) medical care as a result . On the other , the uninsured rate basically held steady last year—it dropped a statistically insignificant one-tenth of a point from 2015—and 28.6 million Americans of all ages still lacked coverage . A full 12.4 percent of adults younger than 65 still do n't have insurance . And given that open enrollment on the exchanges fell this year , it 's possible that the uninsured rate will tick up a bit . If you told a citizen in France , Australia , or Canada that their health care system was about to transform into ours , they 'd still think it was a catastrophe .
Obamacare could have reduced the uninsured population further if more states had co-operated with the law . In those that embraced its Medicaid expansion , 9.2 percent of adults younger than 65 were uninsured , compared with 17.9 percent in those that refused it . Some state governments have also subtly undermined their own coverage marketplaces in various ways—for instance , by allowing many residents to remain on old , pre-Obamacare plans , driving up the cost of new coverage .
But Obamacare was also designed in ways that would have allowed it to be easily improved . Lawmakers could have increased the subsidies for Americans to buy private insurance , or built a better , permanent reinsurance system in order to cushion losses among insurers who ended up with too many sick patients . Over time , with adjustments , Washington could have used the law 's framework to bring the uninsured rate closer and closer to zero .
That possibility is dead for now as Republicans look to repeal and replace the law with something far less generous that will likely leave millions more without coverage once again . Even now , Donald Trump 's threats about blowing up the exchanges are likely destabilizing them further . For all the desperately needed changes it has brought about , Obamacare 's story may ultimately be about a promise unfulfilled .
MAGIC ONLINE RELEASE & REDEMPTION
Magic Online includes an innovative feature that allows players who have collected a complete set of digital cards to redeem it for a complete set of physical cards , which will then be shipped to the address associated with Magic Online account .
Redemption Schedule
Below is a summary of current Magic Online redemption dates . While we do not foresee any delays or changes , please note that all release dates are subject to change without notice .
Product Redemption
Release Date Redemption Reprint
Guarantee Date Redemption
Cutoff Date Core Set 2019 8/8/2018 11/21/2018 12/26/2018 Guilds of Ravnica 11/7/2018 2/20/2019 3/27/2019 Ravnica Allegiance 2/20/2019 6/5/2019 7/10/2019
As a general rule , Magic Online sets will be available for redemption roughly one month after they are released . If a redeemable set runs out of stock before its Redemption Reprint Guarantee Date , the set will be reprinted . After a redeemable set 's Redemption Reprint Guaranteed Date has passed , such set will be available while supplies last or until its Cutoff Date , whichever comes first . All Redemption Reprint Guarantee and Cutoff dates include a cutoff time of 9:00 a.m. PT/4:00 p.m. UTC .
Please note : If you receive a full set as a prize that you wish to redeem , you will need to open that set before placing a redemption order .
Redemption Policy
In order to take advantage of the redemption feature and redeem a Magic Online card set , the following restrictions apply :
You must have an active Magic Online account that is in good standing with Wizards of the Coast .
To redeem a set , you must have at least one of every card in the set you are trying to redeem in your collection . Please note that only full sets can be redeemed . Collections , decks , and individual cards can not be redeemed .
All cards must be regular to redeem a regular set .
All cards must be premium to redeem a premium ( foil ) set .
Redemption is only available in countries that are supported in the Magic Online Store .
The shipping address for all Redemption Requests must be located in the same country as the billing address .
Redemption Requests for a set will generally be available within one month of the digital set 's release . If a redeemable set runs out of stock before its Redemption Reprint Guarantee Date , the set will be reprinted . After a redeemable set 's Redemption Reprint Guarantee Date has passed , such set will be available while supplies last or until its Cutoff Date , whichever comes first . For a list of redeemable sets , their Redemption Reprint Guarantee Date , and their Cutoff Date , click here .
Sets are redeemable for a limited time . Sets that are no longer available for redemption can not be redeemed . Wizards of the Coast is free to change the redemption duration of any set as it sees fit and will give reasonable notice when doing so . Wizards of the Coast is not responsible if you fail to redeem a set before its Cutoff Date or if a set is out of stock after its Redemption Reprint Guarantee Date .
In order to redeem a Magic Online set , it 'll need to be eligible for redemption which can be found here , you will need to purchase a Redemption Request for each set you want to redeem from the Magic Online Store . You are responsible for all shipping and handling costs , taxes , and duties associated with purchasing and shipping your set to you . If you have additional questions about redemption shipping and handling , click here .
All Magic Online redemptions are final . Once the cards are removed from your account , the order can not be reversed and you will not be refunded for your redemption order . Redeemed cards can not be returned to your Magic Online account for any reason .
Redemption Requests will be processed every Tuesday morning between 2 a.m. and 3 a.m. PT after your purchase , but can take an additional 10 or more days to process . Successfully redeemed sets will be shipped as soon as possible after the Tuesday in which they were processed . Shipments can take up to 3 weeks to arrive .
If a Redemption Request fails twice ( either because you do not have the cards in your account or your shipping address is not in the same country as your billing address ) , your Redemption Request will be cancelled and you will be refunded within 28 days of the last failed request .
Once redeemed , a physical card set can not be returned or exchanged . If you receive the wrong redemption set or your redemption set is damaged , please view our Replacement Policy below or contact our Game Support team .
Wizards of the Coast is not responsible for replacing lost or stolen sets .
There is currently no limit to the number of sets you can redeem , although Wizards of the Coast reserves the right to change this policy at any time .
Wizards of the Coast reserves the right to change any portion of the Magic Online Redemption Policy at any time and without notice .
Shipping & Handling
Magic Online Redemption Requests will be processed processed every Tuesday morning between 2 a.m. and 3 a.m. PT after your purchase . This process can take 10 or more days to complete , so please make sure you leave at least one copy of each card in the set you are trying to redeem in your Magic Online account until your Redemption Request is processed .
After the Redemption Requests are processed , they will be sent to the warehouse for fulfillment . Redemption orders will either be shipped via FedEx Economy or United States Postal Service , depending on your shipping address . Please note that your shipping address must be in the same country as your billing address or your redemption order may not ship . Please allow up to 3 weeks for delivery .
Charges for Magic Online Redemptions fall into four categories : handling fee , shipping fee , taxes , and customs/import duties . These fees can vary depending on where you are shipping the physical sets you are redeeming .
Handling Fee : We charge $ 25.00 handling per set redeemed . This charge is the same for domestic U.S. orders and International orders .
Shipping Fee : We have two different shipping rates depending on your shipping address , $ 2.99 for orders shipped within the United States ( including Alaska and Hawaii ) and $ 29.99 for orders shipped Internationally ( all non-U.S. locations , including Canada and Mexico ) . These shipping rates are the same whether you order one set or one hundred sets .
Taxes : You will be charged the appropriate sales tax or VAT for your billing location . These rates are set by appropriate state and/or country and do apply to service charges , such as handling fees . Unfortunately , Wizards of the Coast can not control those tax rates and is legally required to charge them .
Customs/Import Duties : Some products are subject to customs or import duties and taxes when imported from the United States . These costs will not show up in your Magic Online transaction , but are assessed by your local or national government as part of the importing process . Whether or not duty and tax are applicable is dependent on a variety of factors , including item type , value , and the country where it was manufactured . The duty and tax rates are dependent on your country 's duty and import laws and can be calculated as either a percentage of the customs value of goods or on the basis of the quantity of goods .
If you are charged taxes or duty , the charge is coming from your local government customs office . Wizards of the Coast has no control over these charges , and since the customs rules can be complex , we can neither tell you if duty charges will apply to your set redemption nor what your duty charges might be . Furthermore , it is your responsibility to ensure the item can be legally imported into your country . Please contact your local customs office for further information .
As part of your potential duty calculations , Wizards of the Coast declares a fair value for any product we ship irrespective of where in the world this product is shipped . Each Magic Online redeemed set is assigned a declared value of $ 50.00 USD plus the set 's handling fee ( $ 25.00 USD ) . Your local or national tax authority may assess additional value or fees against the shipment if they disagree with the declared value . Any subsequent taxes or duties levied against the shipment , including VAT , are the responsibility of the person receiving the goods .
If you have questions regarding what sets can be redeemed , see the schedule above .
Note : Since there can be a significant delay between the time you purchase your Redemption Request and when it is shipped , we can not automatically provide you with a tracking number for your Redemption Requests . After your Redemption Request has successfully processed , however , you may contact Wizards of the Coast Game Support and we will provide your tracking number as soon as possible .
REPLACEMENT POLICY
All Magic Online redemptions are final . Once the cards are removed from your account , the order can not be reversed and you will not be refunded for your redemption order . Redeemed cards can not be returned to your Magic Online account for any reason .
If you receive the wrong redemption set or your redemption set is damaged , you will need to file a replacement claim using the guidelines listed below :
Wizards of the Coast only offers replacements for redemption sets that are damaged or defective when purchased or due to shipping problems . We can not replace products damaged due to use .
Damaged or defective redemption sets can only be replaced and can not be exchanged for alternate sets .
We can not accept any replacement requests more than 60 days after the redemption set was shipped .
Wizards of the Coast is not responsible for replacing lost or stolen sets .
If you have a damaged or defective redemption set , please contact Wizards of the Coast Game Support to determine the best course of action . Often this will involve returning the damaged or defective set and receiving a replacement set . Typically , we will need to receive the returned set into our inventory before we can issue a replacement .
Before returning any redemption sets , please be aware that Wizards of the Coast will only reimburse the basic shipping cost of a set . Express shipping or additional handling costs are not covered unless specifically authorized by our Game Support team . We reserve the right to deny replacement requests and/or shipping reimbursement at our discretion . Please note that cards with minor defects or imperfections inherent in the redemption set printing , collating and packing process are not considered damaged and will not be eligible for replacement .
When contacting Game Support , please include the following information :
This Bengaluru barber owns 150 luxury cars , including a Mercedes-Maybach
While buying a luxurious car may be a dream for most of us , the case is different for Ramesh Babu . A barber from Bengaluru who gives haircuts for Rs 75 , Babu collects luxury cars that he also rents out .
According to a Times of India report , Ramesh bought the Mercedes-Maybach , worth Rs 3.2 crore , last month which he got imported from Germany . After Vijay Mallya and a builder , he is only the third person in the city known to have imported this car .
The rest of his illustrious collection boasts of a Rolls-Royce , 11 Mercedes , 10 BMWs , three Audis and two Jaguars .
Ramesh , owner of Ramesh Tours and Travels , spends at least five hours daily in his salon at Bowring Institute , where he personally styles the hair of his regular customers .
As a professional barber , Ramesh does n't want to forget his roots . He , however , drives to work in his egg-white Rolls-Royce Ghost .
He bought his Mercedes-Maybach last month with his own money , supplemented by a huge bank loan . While his earnings from his salon business are modest , Ramesh has maintained a lucrative luxury car rental business .
Vijay Mallya has the same car but in golden colour . However , it has never been seen in Bengaluru ever since he went to London . Some say it has been sold , while others claim it has been parked in UB City .
“ It gives me a high to know that I 'm the only other person after Mallya and a builder to own a Mercedes-Maybach , ” Ramesh told TOI .
“ God is with me and I have worked hard to reach here . My dream is to buy every luxurious car there is . And after Rolls-Royce , now it 's the Mercedes-Maybach . Driving this is a thrill , ” he said .
“ I do n't want to forget the suffering ... the way my mother brought me up in poverty after my father 's death . So , I will continue to work in the salon . I can afford this luxury because of my profession . I plan to have more such cars , ” he added .
Ramesh 's father passed away when he was just nine years old . Being very poor , he quit studies and became a full-time barber .
With his hard work and good networks , he subsequently became a hair stylist . In 1994 , he bought a Maruti Omni van and started renting it out .
As of now , he has 150 luxury cars , some of which he drives to work , or rents out if he finds good clients .
UPDATE - The Daines amendment received a vote this afternoon , and it was unanimously defeated , 57-0 . A number of in-cycle , vulnerable Democrats voted against the awful bill , with dozens of Democrats ( including several with obvious presidential ambitions ) pulling an Obama maneuver by voting `` present . '' Liberal members did n't want to play along with a GOP `` stunt , '' but they did n't want to go on the record against single-payer either . Less left-wing members wanted no part of single-payer-based attacks back home , so they gave House Democrats ' plan a public thumbs-down :
HR676/SAmdt340 fails 0-57 . Donnelly , Heitkamp , King , Manchin , Nelson , Tester only Dem NO votes . All in cycles . Rest vote present . — Phil Kerpen ( @ kerpen ) July 27 , 2017
60 % of House Dems endorsed this legislation & today not 1 Democrat Senator is willing to stand by and defend their socialized solution — Steve Daines ( @ SteveDaines ) July 27 , 2017
* * * Original Post * * *
During tonight 's upcoming vote-a-rama , Democrats are expected to serve up a slew of `` poison pill '' amendments designed to embarrass or jam Republicans with politically unpalatable choices . The idea is to make the process painful , exploit divisions , and create fodder for future attacks . This is a bipartisan standard operating procedure in budget votefests . But that blade can cut in both directions . Hence this clever little gambit by Montana Republican Steve Daines , as reported the Washington Examiner 's David Drucker :
Sen. Steve Daines is proposing an amendment to the Republican healthcare bill that would implement a government-run , single-payer insurance system in the U.S . The Montana Republican does n't support single-payer healthcare . But in a bit of political gamesmanship often seen in Congress , Daines wants to force vulnerable Democratic senators running for re-election in red states in 2018 to take a position on the liberal healthcare policy , which is gaining currency on the Left ... Daines ' single-payer amendment is a carbon copy of one offered in the House by Rep. John Conyers , D-Mich . The Conyers bill , with more than 100 Democratic cosponsors , proposes to create a program the legislation describes as `` Medicare for All . '' According to the bill 's language , `` all individuals residing in the United States would be covered . ''
All individuals , not just citizens . Estimates suggest that a national single-payer regime -- which would effectively eliminate most of the private insurance market -- comes with a price tag of $ 32 trillion in new spending over ten years , or roughly $ 3.2 trillion per year . The entire federal budget in 2016 was $ 3.9 trillion . This plan would require enormous tax increases on the middle and working class , would massively disrupt or uproot most Americans ' healthcare arrangements , and would result in inferior health outcomes , driven by government-run care and rationing . It is a very popular idea among committed statists , who comprise the base of the Democratic Party . Will vulnerable Democratic Senators risk angering their activist base ( which gets quite angry over this issue , even when their real quarrel is with basic math ) by voting against House liberals ' easily-attackable scheme ? Parties that are the targets of tough votes under these circumstances often stand together or rally behind alternate amendments with language crafted to offer political cover for the attempted `` gotcha , '' and that 's probably how Democrats will play this . But it 's at least a cheeky and interesting move by Daines , who 's likely channeling many Republicans ' desire to use single-payer as a cudgel against swing state or tossup district Democrats .
Meanwhile , by far the most important amendment that will emerge later , quite possibly in the wee hours of the morning , is the final offering from Mitch McConnell . According to leadership and rank-and-file Senate aides , McConnell is feeling out his conference in an effort to pull together a modest `` skinny repeal '' bill featuring a limited number of consensus provisions . The idea is to produce a scaled-back piece of legislation that will attract at least 50 votes while satisfying reconciliation guidelines . It wo n't remotely live up to the GOP 's oft-repeated pledge of uprooting Obamacare ( Plans A and B crashed on Wednesday ) , but it would mark some progress . If such a bill is approved by the upper chamber , the next big question would be whether it heads to a conference committee with members of the House -- or if the House simply considers it for passage . That decision may be driven by what the final product looks like , and whether it could stand alone as a deeply imperfect but acceptable conclusion to this legislative saga ( as opposed to something that is clearly just a vehicle to get to the next stage ) . One well-placed source argued that a conference committee would at least offer a chance for lawmakers to receive pending CBO scores on key proposals , which could potentially help `` fatten '' up a skinny bill . The bicameral conference panel would use previous votes and statements to try to hammer out a compromise document that could garner majority support in each body . If and when that piece of viable legislation is finalized , it would be sent directly to the floor of the House and Senate .
But to even arrive at those potential forks in the road , the Senate first must pass a bill . Can McConnell bring people like Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski on board for a `` skinny '' repeal ? On one hand , they both voted against even Tuesday 's motion to proceed . On the other , they stood with the party to defeat various Democratic motions yesterday . The latter is an encouraging sign for McConnell ; the former is not . Also , if some moderates are wooed into the fold , would that mean that strong conservatives would walk away , dissatisfied with the party 's abandonment of a broader repeal ? Perhaps , but here 's Rand Paul -- who 's been one of the staunchest voices against any approach that falls short far-reaching repeal -- talking up a `` skinny '' bill :
The “ skinny repeal ” strategy on Obamacare is a victory for the tea party and transparency https : //t.co/YQlv0mLb3m — Senator Rand Paul ( @ RandPaul ) July 27 , 2017
Do Senators like Ted Cruz and Mike Lee agree ? Nobody knows precisely how the 50-plus-one `` Plan D '' solution might shape up , but one obvious staple would be the repeal of Obamacare 's individual mandate . Right-leaning wonkish types like Avik Roy and Ross Douthat are making the case that this move alone is defensible on constitutional and policy grounds :
One key area of agreement is repealing Obamacare 's individual mandate . Obamacare gave the federal government a heretofore unprecedented power : the power to force us to buy health insurance irrespective of our desire to do so . If Senate Republicans ca n't get a full health-care bill passed , they should at least pass the so-called skinny bill repealing the individual mandate ... Republicans , for both moral and economic reasons , oppose this mandate . The framers of the Constitution never envisioned granting Congress the power to force people to buy a privately delivered financial service . The Constitution never would have been ratified had they tried ... In effect , the “ death spiral ” that the individual mandate was supposed to prevent has already happened for those making more than two to three times the federal poverty level : the working poor and the lower middle class . Those closer to the poverty line get generous subsidies under Obamacare to offset rate shock , but the middle class does n't . By repealing Obamacare 's individual mandate through narrow legislation , conservatives would strike a blow for constitutional rigor and economic freedom . By resetting the CBO 's coverage baseline , mandate repeal would allow a future replace bill to be scored more fairly . After all , if you 're voluntarily choosing not to buy insurance in the absence of a fine , you have n't been “ kicked off ” your insurance .
... and lessens burden on middle class ppl in individual market who right now have to choose btw plans that exceed their budget and a fine . — Ross Douthat ( @ DouthatNYT ) July 27 , 2017
One concern I have is that a `` skinny '' bill repealing the mandate must also include some mechanism to fend off the full-blown individual market death spiral , which would result from the combination of lifting the requirement to buy insurance while also leaving Obamacare regulations like guaranteed issue and community rating intact . If healthy people know that carriers must sell them `` insurance '' at the same price as everyone else after they get hurt or sick , risk pools will be overwhelmed by sicker consumers . That unsustainable adverse selection flaw is already killing Obamacare . Exacerbating it by further encouraging free riding would be reckless . How to achieve that within the bounds of reconciliation 's 'Byrd Rule ' framework is a critical question , CBO 's bizarre , empirically indefensible obsession with Obamacare 's individual mandate notwithstanding .
1 . Tel Aviv is small
Tel Aviv is one of those cities that 's very much a city ( it 's got nightlife , 24/7 shops , plenty of options for every type of resident ) but it 's also very much like a village . The city is walkable when it 's not sweltering hot outside , and it 's certainly not very hard to get around . It 's one of those small cities with a big city heart—where you just might run into your friends at the same cafe or patio bar .
2 . Tel Aviv is BIG
While its ' population and size may be small , its ' heart & soul is certainly big . Despite its small city feeling , Tel Aviv gets a whole range of amazing live music gigs from around the world . This summer , bands the likes of The XX , PSY ( Gangam Style , hey ! ) and Alicia Keys all have upcoming gigs in Tel Aviv .
3 . The nightlife , OMG , the nightlife !
With a famously hedonistic society , Tel Aviv knows how to have a good time . Forgetting about their surroundings and ignoring everything outside “ the bubble ” is practically a past-time for Tel Avivians . Just imagine a city full of clubs with top-notch DJs that does n't seem to have a single care in the world . Then throw in a hot climate , some scantily-clad men & women and one of the Mediterranean 's prettiest beaches—and you 've got Tel Aviv . It also helps that with such a beautiful climate , much of the nightlife happens outside or on rooftops ( or even the beach ) .
4 . 24-hour city
There 's something special about a city where you can buy sushi at 4 a.m . In Tel Aviv , there are several places to buy sushi in the middle of the night . ( I quite like the kiosk at Allenby & Rothschild ) .
5 . So much art
With seemingly endless galleries to visit , a handful of world-class museums ( I 'm partial to the Design Museum ) , Tel Aviv seems to attract many creative and inspirational artists . Many of Israel 's art students base themselves in Tel Aviv following graduation . Add in some international flair and you 've got all the ingredients for an art hub . If you 're looking for the latest on art galleries in Tel Aviv , check out the Oh So Arty blog & Facebook page .
6 . The food , glorious food
What is it about the Middle East and why is their food so damn good ? ! I 'm not sure if it 's the spices , the fresh ingredients or the unique mix of flavors , but whatever it is — it 's delicious and I want it in my tummy . Tel Aviv is as popular for its international cuisine ( for some reason , Tel Avivians love their sushi ) , but there are plenty of Israeli and Middle Eastern restaurants in the city worth checking out . And do n't think it 's all just shawarma and falafel . There 's also shakshuka , burekas , sabich , scnitzel , salads and so much more . Tel Avivians also seem to follow chefs as if they 're celebrities , and you 'll hear many names being dropped at the table . If restaurants are n't necessarily you 're thing , EatWith is a popular service in Tel Aviv where you can pay to join a meal with some locals .
7 . The beach , obviously
There 's something special about a city with sand , sea and skyscrapers . National Geographic even named Tel Aviv one of the top 10 beach cities in the world this year . Plus , the beach promenade is such an awesome pedestrian space whether you 're into people-watching , jogging , or gulping down a cheap falafel sandwich .
8 . Shopping and style
Tel Avivians may not be the most stylish ( they live on a beach , remember ? ) , but that does n't mean the city is n't home to some of the region 's best fashion . Tel Aviv straddles the Middle East and Europe — not quite as on the edge as Istanbul , but with the city 's cosmopolitan feeling and laid-back , live-life atmosphere , Tel Avivians know how to shop . It 's not the cheapest place in the world , but with Europe 's hottest fashion chains and a number of boutique shops ( try Shenkin Street ) , Tel Aviv definitely has its own sense of style .
9 . Where two boys can hold hands
Thanks to propaganda and much forward planning , Tel Aviv has transformed itself into one of the world'stop-rated , gay-friendly cities . While Israel still does n't recognize a lot of rights for their LGBT citizens ( among other groups ) , Tel Aviv itself is a safe and fun place to be gay . There are only just a few gay bars and clubs , but there 's always something to do every night . And walking down the street , you 're more than likely to publicly spot gay and lesbian couples in Tel Aviv .
10 . Cold Coffee
This may seem like a strange thing to love about a city , but Tel Aviv seriously knows how to make a great cup of cold coffee . In the Middle East , it 's almost necessary , and Tel Aviv offers up two varieties : a cold coffee ( espresso with milk over ice ) or a frappe-like coffee milkshake . You ca n't go wrong with either when it 's sweltering hot outside .
11 . Bikes everywhere
Despite the hot , hot , hot weather , Tel Avivians still manage to get up on their bikes . Probably because most people are going out in the evening anyways . Parties do n't start until late , and with a bike-rental system , getting around Tel Aviv is relatively easy .
The world media are buzzing with news of “ Dear Friend Hitler ” a new bollywood film about the romance between Adolph Hitler and Eva Braun , starring Anupam Kher as Hitler and former Miss India , Neha Dhupia , as Eva Braun :
The director of the film characterizes it as a “ romance , ” and … “ [ r ] eports have suggested that the script includes a scene where Hitler and Miss Braun are in bed–although this has not been confirmed . [ link ]
The movie 's title comes from letters sent by M.K . Gandhi to Hitler , which addressed him as “ Dear Friend ” [ link ] . As we 've noted previously , Mein Kampf has long been popular in India , most lately as a management book in the same mold as “ Who moved my cheese ” so nobody in India will object to the idea of Hitler as friend to the nation .
Kher has been cast for his supposed resemblance to Hitler , and Dhupia for the scintillating wisdom and insight she brings to bear , such as this product of her extensive research :
“ How do you marry the most hated man in the world ? I think it 's by taking each day at a time , ” [ link ]
Luckily , we already know how Hitler feels about Bollywood :
Lastly , all the news stories agree that there are no plans for any dance sequences in this film , which is a shame because ( a ) I suspect that the dancing is the only thing that would make this film watchable for me and ( b ) I 'd love to see the love dances from this movie performed at a wedding . ( Mutineers , you are warned ! ) Since there 's no word yet about whether there will be any songs ( without the dance ) I remain hopeful .
By Brad Segall
WEST NORRITON , Pa. ( CBS ) – State and local officials have broken ground for a new pedestrian and bicycle bridge that will span the Schuylkill River in Valley Forge National Historical Park in Montgomery County .
Longtime residents of Upper Merion and West Norriton remember the old Betzwood Bridge which was demolished nearly twenty years ago . Since then , walkers , runners and bikers have used a narrow boardwalk type path along the 422 bridge to cross the river .
Valley Forge Park Superintendent Kate Hammond says they are reaching back into history . Sullivan 's Bridge is named for General John Sullivan who built a bridge over the river during Washington 's stay at Valley Forge .
“ And his troops stood in ice-filled waters and faced shortages of timber and tools to build a bridge to connect the two sides of the encampment , ” Hammon said . “ And I think they would be honored that their achievements are going to be remembered through this bridge . ”
The bridge will connect the north and south sides of Valley Forge and improve access to a network of regional trail systems . The cost is about $ 9-million and a ribbon cutting is expected in two years .
BEIJING — China 's ruling Communist Party will face a challenge in 2012 from a record number of independent candidates running in local elections without the party 's direct approval .
In the past few months , more than 100 Chinese citizens have informally announced their candidacies for local committee seats through the microblog site Weibo , the Chinese equivalent of Twitter .
“ My experience with media lets me make use of all different means , ” said Yao Bo , a newspaper columnist and well-known Internet commentator who is running as an independent candidate in Beijing 's Changping district .
“ I know a lot of people , and I can tell a lot of people . [ The government ] can try to silence me , but then the country will know , ” Mr. Yao , better known in China by his blog name Wuyuesanren , told The Washington Times .
The movement has been so strong that the state-run Xinhua News Agency declared at the beginning of June that “ independent candidates ” are not recognized by Chinese law . It added that all candidates must clear a series of procedures to run for office .
However , analysts say the declaration did not ban all independent candidates from office . It certainly has not deterred independent candidates from continuing their campaigns on Weibo , in some cases garnering thousands of followers .
Communist Party leader Deng Xiaoping introduced grass-roots elections in 1978 as an experiment in direct democracy .
Held at least every five years , the elections continue to be the only direct link between the Chinese people and their government .
The next round will be held in various districts from July through December next year .
The Chinese Constitution guarantees all citizens 18 or older the right to vote and run in the county- and township-level elections .
In practice , however , the process is tightly controlled by the Communist Party . Most of the time , only party-approved candidates get onto the ballots .
“ The biggest obstacle is the procedure , ” said Mr. Yao . “ If you do n't have confirmation , it 's easy for the government to … just bump off the ones they do n't like [ from the ballots ] . ”
The confirmation process is complicated , but it basically requires potential candidates to get the support of at least 10 qualified voters . However , the government can rule candidates or any of their supporters unqualified and refuse to put them on the ballot .
In the past , independent candidates have met the procedural requirements and won seats in local governments . However , those candidates have had difficulty after being elected .
One independent , Yao Lifa , won a local election in 1998 , but failed to win election again in 2003 . He said he has been harassed by authorities ever since .
Liu Ping , a laid-off worker from Jiangxi province campaigning for retirement rights , announced her candidacy as an independent on Weibo and soon had more than 30,000 followers . By May , the local communist government had branded her an enemy of the state , prevented her from campaigning in public , detained her and searched her house .
Although the government officially removed her from the candidate list , Liu Ping continues to post on Weibo , saying she will “ fight till the end . ”
However , not all Chinese political analysts view independent candidates as a threat .
Wang Zhanyang , a professor at the Central Institute of Socialism , urged Chinese authorities to treat independent candidates “ as factors promoting social stability . ”
“ As a matter of fact , a society becomes stable only when it grows duly active and vibrant , ” Mr. Wang wrote this month in the China-U.S. Focus magazine , published by the private China-United States Exchange Foundation in Hong Kong .
Undeterred by past failures , independent candidates have run their campaigns primarily by using social media , which gets out messages effectively but makes them hard to track .
Mr. Yao said that despite the right guaranteed by the constitution , most Chinese citizens have never seen a ballot because the government has never told them they could vote .
He said he hopes his campaign will get the word out to everybody .
“ The rights are theirs , ” he said , “ and no one can take them . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Hidden benefits of electric vehicles revealed
Electric vehicles are cool , research shows . Literally .
A study in this week 's Scientific Report by researchers at Michigan State University and in China add more fuel to the already hot debate about whether electric vehicles are more environmentally friendly than conventional vehicles by uncovering two hidden benefits .
They show that the cool factor is real – in that electric vehicles emit significantly less heat . That difference could mitigate the urban heat island effect , the phenomenon that helps turn big cities like Beijing into pressure cookers in warm months .
Moreover , the cooling resulting from replacing all gas-powered vehicles with electric vehicles could mean city dwellers needing less air conditioning , another environmental win .
“ It 's easy not to see the big picture on issues like electric cars and global warming , but when we look with a holistic approach , we find these unexpected connections , ” said co-author Jianguo “ Jack ” Liu , who holds the Rachel Carson Chair in Sustainability at MSU and is director of the Center for Systems Integration and Sustainability . “ Heat waves kill , and in terms of climate change , even one degree can make a difference . ”
The research was led by Canbing Li of Hunan University in Changsha ( China ) , who was a visiting scholar at CSIS . The electric vehicles ' benefits of reduced greenhouse gas emissions are countered by the expense and pollution from producing the vehicles , leading to debate on whether they are the best replacement for conventional vehicles .
In the paper , Li and his colleagues take a wider view to find new positives for plug-ins . Conventional vehicles and air conditioners are the two biggest contributors to the heat island intensity – the difference between urban temperatures and the cooler temperatures of rural areas . In that arena , electric vehicles are cooler – giving off only about 20 percent of the heat a gas vehicle emits .
The researchers used Beijing in summer of 2012 to calculate that switching vehicles from gas to electricity could reduce the heat island intensity by nearly 1 degree Celsius . That would have saved Beijing 14.4 million kilowatt hours and slashed carbon dioxide emissions by 11,779 tons per day . ”
The authors caution that several factors can influence the urban heat island effect , not all of which were addressed in the study . For example , there are conflicting reports regarding the impact of reduced aerosol pollution on heat island intensity . These factors may need to be considered when weighing the benefits and disadvantages of replacing conventional vehicles with electric vehicles .
In addition to Liu and Li , the paper was written by Yijia Cao , Mi Zhang , Jianhui Wang , Haiqing Shi and Yinghui Geng .
