Runyon Canyon and chill . ( Photo by juliewolfson306 via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr )
Our long nightmare has finally ended : Runyon Canyon will reopen next week .
A spokeswoman for the Department of Recreation and Parks told Curbed LA that the heavily-used park is set to reopen on Tuesday , months after it closed for a pipe replacement project . Aside from replacing a 100-year-old leaky pipe , the park will come with a few other improvements—but not the corporate-branded basketball court that residents objected to .
According to the Beverly Press , the paved portion of Runyon 's popular trails will have more reflective asphalt that will keep the trails cooler , as well as runoff basins to capture rainwater for reuse .
If you still ca n't wait until Tuesday and have a hankering to go outdoors , here are six great alternatives .
Toxic mortgages and credit card losses through defaults are rising at a rapid pace . This was also apparent in the earnings report from JP Morgan that reported positive earnings because of non-retail banking activities . Yet the media for whatever reason is n't highlighting more carefully where the gains are coming from . For example , JP Morgan which swallowed up Washington Mutual and Bear Stearns , posted losses on credit cards and home mortgages yet doubled its earnings from last year in its investment banking division . Here is one of the key examples of why removing Glass-Steagall is such a major problem . The recent meteoric rise in stock prices merely reflects hot money trying to find ground . If we look at actual loan losses they are still on the rise :
Source : New York Times
And banks are not lending more as they stated initially with the request for bailout funds . The premise was that trillions were needed or lending would completely dry up . Lending has dried up . Take the mortgage market for example . Loans that are FHA insured now make up the bulk of the market . For non-FHA loans , banks seek to have loans backed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , or Ginnie Mae . In other words , banks are unwilling to lend their own money and will only lend funds backed by the government ( aka the American taxpayer ) .
This behavior is most pronounced with credit cards . With rising defaults companies are using bailout funds to plug up additional losses . Yet they are also combining the easy money to play their hand on Wall Street . The mix of retail and commercial banking is still occurring even after our economy nearly tanked and we are still in recession nearly 2 years later .
I had an experience with the credit card companies recently that shows what is occurring . One of my cards had a line of $ 10,000 but I rarely use it . If I did use it , I would pay it off every month . Credit card companies look at people that pay off their balance every month as deadbeats . So last month , I receive a letter stating my balance was lowered to $ 3,000 simply because my lack of use . Keep in mind that this line had been open for 7 years . So I call up the bank and they tell me I can either stay with the new terms or close my account . This is how banks are playing the system and stealing money from taxpayers .
Do n't be fooled , they are pulling credit back :
Banks are still pulling credit cards out of the system on top of the 8 million that were pulled in the first quarter of 2009 . Let us look at how JP Morgan turned a $ 3.6 billion profit in the third quarter more carefully .
“ New York , October 14 , 2009 – JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( NYSE : JPM ) today reported third-quarter 2009 net income of $ 3.6 billion , compared with net income of $ 527 million in the third quarter of 2008 . Earnings per share were $ 0.82 , compared with $ 0.09 in the prior year .
Jamie Dimon , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , commented : “ Our net income of $ 3.6 billion in the quarter reflected the strong earnings power of the company , with broad-based growth across the Investment Bank , Asset Management , Commercial Banking and Retail Banking . However , credit costs remain high and are expected to stay elevated for the foreseeable future in the Consumer Lending and Card Services loan portfolios . Accordingly , we have added $ 2.0 billion to our consumer credit reserves , bringing the firmwide total to $ 31.5 billion , or 5.3 % 1 of total loans . Tier 1 Common Capital , another key element of our fortress balance sheet , was also strengthened through capital generation during the quarter , to $ 101 billion , or 8.2 % . ”
In other words , JP Morgan made a bulk of its profits in sectors that pre-1999 ( Glass-Steagall ) would not have been allowed for commercial banks . They are operating as a gigantic hybrid of old school banking with casino style investment banking on Wall Street . Keep in mind JP Morgan is one of the too big to fail darlings . Instead of opening consumer credit , they are pulling back on it to the tune of $ 2 billion in reserves for future losses .
The below comes from their 8-K filing . How much of that $ 3.6 billion came from their i-bank division ? Over 50 percent of it :
A large chunk of it came from the investment banking division . I do n't think the American public had in mind when they handed trillions to the banks that they would be using the money to gamble on Wall Street . Surely they are doing something through their retail side ?
Nope . In fact , this is where they are adding loss provisions to the continued deterioration of the Washington Mutual loans . Average total deposits decreased over the quarter by 2 percent . Branch sale of credit cards were down 18 percent . As you would imagine , they are losing money through their credit card division :
So much for the average American . But where else did the big money come in for the $ 3.6 billion in profits if it was n't through the average Joe and Mary on the street ? Corporate and private equity :
And there it is . You might as well label JP Morgan the new Lehman Brothers because they are operating like an investment bank . So much for those bailouts helping the average American . The media really needs to scrutinize how these companies make their earnings . They are simply using hot and easy money to double down in the Wall Street casino on the taxpayer dime . No reform has happened since the collapse of Wall Street because these banks own our politicians .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today 's challenging market !
BY :
President Bill Clinton will speak Wednesday night at the Democratic National Convention in a vaunted primetime speaking slot . The late Christopher Hitchens would have likely had at least a few words about the speech — he described Clinton as a `` horrible primate '' and `` very reptilian , '' among many other things . Here are five smack downs from the writer on the Clintons :
1 . The Clintons have ‘ never met a foreign political donor they do n't like and have n't taken from '
`` If there were some foreign policy experience or brilliance that Hillary Clinton had ever shown , maybe we overlook the fact that she and her husband have never met a foreign political donor they do n't like and have n't taken from… See if you can bear to read the sort of friendships that a former president is having . It 's undignified to think about it . ''
2 . ‘ He just is what he is . He 's a horrible primate . ' ( Video begins at 0:45 )
INTERVIEWER ( 2008 ) : Did Hillary Clinton 's character catch up to her in this race , do you think ?
HITCHENS : No , but I think her husband 's really did . I mean , very impressive to me the number of people who would n't listen to me a year ago who now could n't say enough about how cheap and nasty and cynical and brutish and vulgar and crass and course , crude , nasty , unscrupulous , mendacious Clinton is…There 's nothing tragic about him . He just is what he is . He 's a horrible primate .
3 . ‘ A really arrogant , contemptible , dishonest president '
`` He 's humiliated the Presidency . He 's disgraced his office . He 's been hissing in the byword . Al Gore and his wife have long known what an awful human being , what a lousy president he is . Now they do n't have to keep pretending otherwise….They knew what a really arrogant , contemptible , dishonest president they have . ''
4 . The public and private face of Bill Clinton is ‘ very reptilian '
ALLEN GREGG : `` The general assessment is that this may be a man who is flawed , his character may be flawed , but look at his record , look at his administration . It 's kind of the bad man , good president thesis . But you say that the public and private face of Bill Clinton are one and the same . ''
HITCHENS : `` Very much so , and both of them very reptilian . ''
5 . Clinton ‘ would cram marijuana into himself by way of brownies and cookies '
`` …I do n't remember it particularly , the moment when Clinton did n't inhale , which for those of you who do n't know , is the moment when , because he 's allergic to smoke and does n't inhale anyway , when he would cram marijuana into himself by way of brownies and cookies . ''
Whether dismantling his own evil twin or making the whole bridge vaguely uncomfortable with his first laugh , Data was the Federation 's very own android with a human side . But just how would Data have become a citizen of the Federation in the first place ? A writer for Star Trek TNG explains .
After reading this article on the rights of non-human species in science fiction universes , Melinda M. Snodgrass , the writer for Star Trek TNG 's famous musing on the topic , The Measure Of A Man , joined us in the comments to expand on the two possible avenues that could have landed Commander Data in the Federation :
Melinda M. Snodgrass Fascinating article . I really enjoyed reading it . The Measure of a Man was the Dred Scott decision set against the Star Trek universe , and I never reached the issue of citizenship . After reading the article I found myself considering the question in the context of the Federation , and I saw two potential solutions for the granting of citizenship . One would be an expansion of the `` natural born '' language . One could argue that if Data 's creator/builder Noonien Soong was a Federation citizen then Data would also be a citizen by reason of `` birth '' . The other option is that Data 's military service would grant him citizenship after a certain period of time had elapsed . This is a bit akin to the question of whether the Constitution follows the flag . Thanks for raising questions that let me go back to playing in the Star Trek universe .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The United Nations ( UN ) today voted to create its first ever LGBT rights watchdog .
Passed with 23 votes to 18 , with 6 abstentions , the measure ensures that an appointed member will monitor “ violence and discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity . ”
The “ independent expert ” will be the first ever person to be appointed to such a role within the UN .
Language used in the resolution suggests that LGBT rights should be the concern of human rights laws across the world .
Previously the UN has voted on two resolutions for LGBT rights , but those passed only to urge the organisation to prepare reports specifically about LGBT issues .
The UN has previously only rarely mentioned LGBT issues , and last year the UN Security Council made history by addressing such issues for the first time .
A meeting , behind closed doors , was addressed by a Syrian refugee who escaped threats from ISIS .
More recently the Security Council issued a press statement condemning the mass shooting at Orlando 's Pulse gay club .
Pakistan led opposition to Thursday 's resolution on behalf of the Organisation for Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) , leading to several amendments suggesting that it “ impose [ d ] concepts or notions pertaining to social matters , including private individual conduct . ”
The country also suggested that “ coercive measures ” were being used to change individual nations ' laws , and claimed “ religious sensitivities ” as reasons for opposing .
It is noted that South Africa decided to abstain on the resolution despite having sponsored LGBT rights resolutions in the past .
The representative from South Africa suggested that the sponsors of the resolution used an “ arrogant and confrontational ” approach .
A nice set of recent posts have done a great job detailing the remaining ways that a root user can get at kernel memory . Part of this is driven by the ideas behind UEFI Secure Boot , but they come from the same goal : making sure that the root user can not directly subvert the running kernel . My perspective on this is toward making sure that an attacker who has gained access and then gained root privileges ca n't continue to elevate their access and install invisible kernel rootkits .
An outline for possible attack vectors is spelled out by Matthew Gerrett 's continuing “ useful kernel lockdown ” patch series . The set of attacks was examined by Tyler Borland in “ Bypassing modules_disabled security ” . His post describes each vector in detail , and he ultimately chooses MSR writing as the way to write kernel memory ( and shows an example of how to re-enable module loading ) . One thing not mentioned is that many distros have MSR access as a module , and it 's rarely loaded . If modules_disabled is already set , an attacker wo n't be able to load the MSR module to begin with . However , the other general-purpose vector , kexec , is still available . To prove out this method , Matthew wrote a proof-of-concept for changing kernel memory via kexec .
Chrome OS is several steps ahead here , since it has hibernation disabled , MSR writing disabled , kexec disabled , modules verified , root filesystem read-only and verified , kernel verified , and firmware verified . But since not all my machines are Chrome OS , I wanted to look at some additional protections against kexec on general-purpose distro kernels that have CONFIG_KEXEC enabled , especially those without UEFI Secure Boot and Matthew 's lockdown patch series .
My goal was to disable kexec without needing to rebuild my entire kernel . For future kernels , I have proposed adding /proc/sys/kernel/kexec_disabled , a partner to the existing modules_disabled , that will one-way toggle kexec off . For existing kernels , things got more ugly .
What options do I have for patching a running kernel ?
First I looked back at what I 'd done in the past with fixing vulnerabilities with systemtap . This ends up being a rather heavy-duty way to go about things , since you need all the distro kernel debug symbols , etc . It does work , but has a significant problem : since it uses kprobes , a root user can just turn off the probes , reverting the changes . So that 's not going to work .
Next I looked at ksplice . The original upstream has gone away , but there is still some work being done by Jiri Slaby . However , even with his updates which fixed various build problems , there were still more , even when building a 3.2 kernel ( Ubuntu 12.04 LTS ) . So that 's out too , which is too bad , since ksplice does exactly what I want : modifies the running kernel 's functions via a module .
So , finally , I decided to just do it by hand , and wrote a friendly kernel rootkit . Instead of dealing with flipping page table permissions on the normally-unwritable kernel code memory , I borrowed from PaX 's KERNEXEC feature , and just turn off write protect checking on the CPU briefly to make the changes . The return values for functions on x86_64 are stored in RAX , so I just need to stuff the kexec_load syscall with “ mov -1 , % rax ; ret ” ( -1 is EPERM ) :
# define pr_fmt ( fmt ) KBUILD_MODNAME `` : `` fmt # include < linux/init.h > # include < linux/module.h > # include < linux/slab.h > static unsigned long long_target ; static char * target ; module_param_named ( syscall , long_target , ulong , 0644 ) ; MODULE_PARM_DESC ( syscall , `` Address of syscall '' ) ; / * mov $ -1 , % rax ; ret * / unsigned const char bytes [ ] = { 0x48 , 0xc7 , 0xc0 , 0xff , 0xff , 0xff , 0xff , 0xc3 } ; unsigned char * orig ; / * Borrowed from PaX KERNEXEC * / static inline void disable_wp ( void ) { unsigned long cr0 ; preempt_disable ( ) ; barrier ( ) ; cr0 = read_cr0 ( ) ; cr0 & = ~X86_CR0_WP ; write_cr0 ( cr0 ) ; } static inline void enable_wp ( void ) { unsigned long cr0 ; cr0 = read_cr0 ( ) ; cr0 |= X86_CR0_WP ; write_cr0 ( cr0 ) ; barrier ( ) ; preempt_enable_no_resched ( ) ; } static int __init syscall_eperm_init ( void ) { int i ; target = ( char * ) long_target ; if ( target == NULL ) return -EINVAL ; / * save original * / orig = kmalloc ( sizeof ( bytes ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ; if ( ! orig ) return -ENOMEM ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( bytes ) ; i++ ) { orig [ i ] = target [ i ] ; } pr_info ( `` writing % lu bytes at % p
`` , sizeof ( bytes ) , target ) ; disable_wp ( ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( bytes ) ; i++ ) { target [ i ] = bytes [ i ] ; } enable_wp ( ) ; return 0 ; } module_init ( syscall_eperm_init ) ; static void __exit syscall_eperm_exit ( void ) { int i ; pr_info ( `` restoring % lu bytes at % p
`` , sizeof ( bytes ) , target ) ; disable_wp ( ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( bytes ) ; i++ ) { target [ i ] = orig [ i ] ; } enable_wp ( ) ; kfree ( orig ) ; } module_exit ( syscall_eperm_exit ) ; MODULE_LICENSE ( `` GPL '' ) ; MODULE_AUTHOR ( `` Kees Cook < kees @ outflux.net > '' ) ; MODULE_DESCRIPTION ( `` makes target syscall always return EPERM '' ) ;
If I did n't want to leave an obvious indication that the kernel had been manipulated , the module could be changed to :
not announce what it 's doing
remove the exit route to not restore the changes on module unload
error out at the end of the init function instead of staying resident
And with this in place , it 's just a matter of loading it with the address of sys_kexec_load ( found via /proc/kallsyms ) before I disable module loading via modprobe . Here 's my upstart script :
# modules-disable - disable modules after rc scripts are done # description `` disable loading modules '' start on stopped module-init-tools and stopped rc task script cd /root/modules/syscall_eperm make clean make insmod ./syscall_eperm.ko \ syscall=0x $ ( egrep ' T sys_kexec_load $ ' /proc/kallsyms | cut -d '' `` -f1 ) modprobe disable end script
And now I 'm safe from kexec before I have a kernel that contains /proc/sys/kernel/kexec_disabled .
© 2013 , Kees Cook . This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The mother of a man who died after apparently overdosing at the West Hollywood apartment belonging to prominent Democratic donor Ed Buck told KTLA that there is more to the story behind the death .
Latisha Nixon is asking the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department to launch a “ thorough investigation ” into her son Gemmel Moore 's death .
Moore , 26 , was found dead on July 27 while working as an escort . The death was ruled an accident , but Nixon is skeptical .
`` It seems like everyone is turning a blind eye because my son was a gay black man and Ed Buck is a wealthy white politician , '' she said .
Homicide detectives are reexamining Moore 's death , based on additional information , sheriff 's officials announced Tuesday .
A journal provided to KTLA by a family friend appears to show a previous relationship between Moore and Buck .
In his journal , Moore wrote , “ I honestly do n't know what to do . I 've become addicted to drugs and the worst one at that , ” a December entry reads . “ Ed Buck is the one to thank . He gave me my first injection of crystal meth it was very painful , but after all the troubles , I became addicted to the pain and fetish/fantasy . ”
His last entry , dated Dec. 3 , 2016 reads : “ If it did n't hurt so bad , I 'd kill myself but I 'll let Ed Buck do it for now . ”
At the apartment owned by Buck , neighbors confirmed seeing several young black men come and go at all hours of the night .
A KTLA reporter knocked on his door Tuesday , but he did not answer .
Buck was asked to resign from the Stonewall Democratic Committee , and he has retained an attorney who insists Buck has done nothing wrong .
No charges have been filed against him at this time .
The enormous success of last year 's film adaptation of Michael Morpurgo 's 1982 novel War Horse caused a sudden public obsession with the plight of horses during the First World War . Articles appeared in all the newspapers and documentaries were made telling various stories of the ‘ real ' war horses . But what of the other animals who have unwillingly made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of human conflict ?
From monkeys used as live incendiary devices at the beginning of the Southern Song Dynasty to turkeys affixed with valuable supplies and dropped like edible parachutes on the defenders of the monastery of Santa Maria de la Cabeza during the Spanish Civil War , the innovative and very often inhumane ways in which animals have been used in war throughout history are many and diverse . As well as being turned into weapons , they have been transportation for personnel and equipment , as well as troop morale-boosters in the role of mascots . Here , we take a look at the roles played by different types of animals in different conflicts since the 4th century AD .
WAR ELEPHANTS
It is not known exactly when elephants were first used in warfare . Early Indian hymns dating from the late 2nd and early 1st millennia BC refers to the use of elephants for transport , but make no reference to their use in war . It is not until the 4th century that we see indications that elephants were valued as integral parts of Indian kings ' armies .
The practice spread to the Persian Empireand thus came to influence the campaigns of Alexander the Great . At the Battle of Gaugamela , he was so impressed by the Persians ' deployment of 15 war elephants that after having defeated them , he took their elephants into his own army , adding to their number as he swept through the rest of Persia .
The Carthaginians also used the animals as effective weapons , but as their use became more common , anti-elephant tactics became more sophisticated . At Hannibal 's final defeat at the Battle of Zama in 202 BC , his elephant charge was rendered ineffective when the Roman maniples that simply moved out the way , allowing the elephants to pass through their ranks , to be finished off by light infantry in the rear .
On the battlefield , an elephant 's main use was to intimidate and charge the enemy , stampeding through troop formations and breaking their ranks . Soldiers not used to facing such a daunting animal charging towards them at 20mph would have been terrified .
War elephants played key roles in Southern Han victories in medieval China such as the invasion of Chuin AD 948 . But the Southern Han elephant corps was ultimately defeated at Shao in AD 971 , annihilated by crossbow fire from troops of the Song Dynasty . The invention of gunpowder and the advent of cannon spelled the end for elephants of war .
WAR PIGS
It has been speculated that early man used wild beasts in their conflicts , an idea which has been popularised in various films depicting ancient wars where tigers battle soldiers and Generals ride majestic woolly mammoths .
Lucretius , a Roman historian of the 1st century BC , was of this mind , proposing that early humans may have set animals such as lions or ‘ savage boars ' against their foes , but with little success and , more often than not , disastrous consequences .
A more efficacious use of pigs in ancient warfare is reported : their ability to terrify war elephants . According to Pliny the Elder , ‘ elephants are scared by the smallest squeal of the hog ' , a fact backed up Aelian , who confirms that in 275 BC the Romans exploited squealing pigs as a counter-measure against the war elephants of Pyrrhus . The method involved dowsing the pigs in flammable tar or resin , setting them alight , and driving them towards the elephants .
In History of the Wars , Procopius describes the 6th century AD Siege of Edessa and recounts how the defenders of the city hung a squealing pig from the walls to scare away the single siege elephant in Khosrau 's army .
The Macedonian military writer Polyaenus includes accounts of the use of incendiary pigs , while Aelian reports that Antigonus II Gonatas ' 266 BC siege of Megara was finally broken when the Megarians drove flaming pigs towards the enemy 's massed war elephants . The elephants bolted in fright from the blazing , squealing pigs , killing great numbers of their own soldiers .
WAR DOGS
Man 's best friend must be beginning to question his title . Used by nations throughout the ages , from the Egyptians , Greeks , and Persians , to the Sarmatians , Alans , and Slavs , dogs have long been a feature of war . The Romans trained the Molossian dog ( or Canis Molossus ) specifically for battle , often coating them in protective spiked metal collars and mail armour , and arranging them into attack formations .
During late antiquity , Attila the Hun sent huge Molossian-type dogs as well as Talbots ­– larger ancestors of the Bloodhound – into battle to wreak havoc upon his European enemies . At this time , war-dog breeding stock was a fasionable gift among European royalty .
The Norman invaders of Britain used Mastiffs in their attempts to conquer the Irish , who in turn used Irish Wolfhounds to bring down Norman knights on horseback .
Spanish conquistadors supposedly trained armoured dogs to kill and disembowel their enemies when they invaded the lands controlled by South American natives , while during the Seven Years ' War , Frederick the Great used dogs as messengers .
The practice of taking dogs to the battlefield gradually disappeared with the modernisation of long-distance weapons . On Okinawa during WWII , an entire platoon of Japanese soldiers and their attack dogs were quickly annihilated by US troops . The Russians also tried to train dogs to carry bombs under German tanks , but soon found that they either ran away in terror from the dreadful noise of a Panzer or took shelter under the familiar smelling Russian tanks with the bombs still strapped to them .
Another WWII program was suggested by the Swiss William A Prestre , who proposed using large dogs to kill Japanese soldiers . He persuaded the military to use an entire Mississippi island to develop the project , where the army hoped to train as many as two million dogs . The plan was to use the dogs as a first wave of attack during island invasions , with landing craft unleashing thousands of dogs on the Japanese defenders . The attack would be followed up by US troops as the Japanese fled in confusion .
But with few Japanese soldiers with which to train the dogs , the animals ' lack of response to the training , and their terror when exposed to shellfire , the multi-million dollar program was cancelled .
WAR RHINOCEROSES
Formidable as they appear , whether or not a rhinoceros would be of any use to anyway in a battle is still hotly contended . Following the release of the film 300 , debate has been sparked regarding the validity of the rhinoceros in warfare . While few believe it was actually used by the Achaemenid Persians at Thermopylae as the film suggests , there is evidence pointing to its use in another time , on the other side of Europe .
A woodcut ( pictured ) created by German painter and printmaker Albrecht Dürer in 1515 seemed to illustrate the use of heavily armoured rhinos used by Portuguese soldiers to combat war elephants . Other evidence suggest that the Ahoms – the people of Assam in the Far North East India – used Rhinos like early tanks , heavily intoxicating them before giving them a sudden shock and sending them towards the enemy units . The back of the woodcut offers further clues .
An engraving records : ‘ On the first of May in the year 1513 AD , the powerful King of Portugal , Manuel of Lisbon , brought such a living animal from India , called the rhinoceros . This is an accurate representation . It is the colour of a speckled tortoise , and is almost entirely covered with thick scales . It is the size of an elephant but has shorter legs and is almost invulnerable . It has a strong pointed horn on the tip of its nose , which it sharpens on stones . It is the mortal enemy of the elephant . The elephant is afraid of the rhinoceros , for , when they meet , the rhinoceros charges with its head between its front legs and rips open the elephant 's stomach , against which the elephant is unable to defend itself . The rhinoceros is so well-armed that the elephant can not harm it . It is said that the rhinoceros is fast , impetuous , and cunning . '
Surprisingly , Dürer had never actually seen a rhinoceros . His woodcut ­– and his later ink drawing – were based on a written description of a rhinoceros by Moravian Printer Valentim Fernandes , who had seen the rhinoceros being pitted against a young elephant in a Lisbon spectacle hosted by King Manuel . And so his armour-plated warrior beast was probably nothing more than a remarkably accurate illustration of something he had never laid eyes on , and his inscription was nothing more than speculation based on popular contemporary stories .
WAR MASCOTS
Animal mascots have long been an important part of British Army regiments ' morale . Dogs , goats , ponies , and antelope are just a few of the many species to have held the prestigious title . The latter is the mascot of the Fusiliers , who founded the tradition over 140 years ago when the Royal Warwickshire Regiment ( later the Fusiliers ) adopted a live antelope as mascot when it was stationed in India in 1871 . It was an Indian black buck antelope named Billy , a name which stuck to its successors for many years .
A well-known maharajah made a gift of the second Billy , presenting it to the 1st Battalion , The Royal Warwickshire Regiment at around 1877 . It came home with the battalion in 1880 and died in Ireland in 1888 . There were two endless streams of supply of these animals : the battalion serving in India usually received them as gifts from the maharajahs , while the home battalion was given theirs by the London Zoo .
The Mercian Regiment chose a Swalesdale ram as their mascot . Private Derby , as the ram is known , was the mascot of the Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters Regiment , who in turn had inherited him from the 95th Derbyshire Regiment .
The first Private Derby was adopted as a mascot in 1858 by the 95th ( Derbyshire ) Regiment of Foot at the siege and capture of Kotah during the Indian Mutiny Campaign of 1857-1858 .
A fine fighting ram was spotted tethered to a temple yard by a commanding officer , who ordered that the ram be taken into the Army 's possession . The ram was named Private Derby and marched nearly 3,000 miles in its five-year service with the regiment before it died in 1863 . Since then , there has followed a succession of fine rams , each of which has inherited the official title of Private Derby followed by his succession number .
Bizarrely , the Army recognises each Private Derby as a soldier and each has its own regimental number and documentation . Private Derby is a source of immense pride among the regiment , and he is always to be seen on parade with the soldiers ; one of the tasks he undertakes in return for his daily pay of £3.75 . In addition , he is also on the ration strength and draws his own rations like any other soldier . Private Derby even has a leave card and takes an annual holiday during the mating season .
NEW YORK/LONDON ( Reuters ) - Saudi Arabia is preparing to extend this year 's unexpected jump in oil sales to the United States , adding to speculation about the response of the world 's top oil exporter to sanctions against Iran and a rally in prices .
A view of the Khurais oilfield , about 160 km ( 99 miles ) from Riyadh , June 23 , 2008 . REUTERS/Ali Jarekji
The kingdom 's shipments to the United States have quietly risen 25 percent to the highest level since mid-2008 , according to preliminary U.S. government data , a sizeable leap that appears at least partly related to the imminent completion of a major expansion at its joint-venture Motiva refinery in Texas .
But some say the scale of the increase , plus other U.S. data showing Gulf Coast inventories are still subdued , suggest the potential for a political dimension as well , evoking comparisons to 2008 when the OPEC kingpin was driving up production to knock oil prices off record highs near $ 150 a barrel .
The surge appears set to continue . Vela , Saudi Arabia 's state oil tanker company , has booked at least nine very large crude carriers ( VLCCs ) capable of carrying 2 million barrels of crude each from the Middle East Gulf to the U.S. Gulf since the start of March , the biggest such wave of fixtures in years , analysts say .
The pivot to the U.S. market , which bore the brunt of Saudi output curbs after 2008 , is a surprise for two reasons .
For one , many analysts had believed that the kingdom 's modest output increase in recent months was bound for fast-growing Asian markets , particularly given the pressure on refiners there to reduce their imports from Iran .
Plus , it comes after a year in which U.S. crude oil imports shrank to their lowest since 1999 thanks to a dramatic boom in shale oil production and tepid demand from consumers who are making every effort to cut back as gasoline prices rise .
The White House has been scrambling for options to bring down gasoline prices — at a seasonal record high — during an election year , after concerns over an Iranian supply disruption launched benchmark Brent crude to lofty peaks over $ 120 a barrel not seen since the record price run of 2008 .
Washington has urged ally Saudi Arabia to cover potential shortages when new U.S. and European Union sanctions are expected to reduce Iranian oil exports from July . The Obama administration has considered releasing strategic oil inventories , potentially as part of a bilateral deal with Britain .
The kingdom has stepped up efforts this week to assure edgy markets that it will make up for any oil supply disruptions at a time when Iran 's standoff with the West has begun to intensify .
“ Beyond the expansion at Motiva , there has been a major public shift by the Saudis since the Iran tensions started to raise the price of oil , ” said Amy Jaffe , an energy policy expert at Rice University 's Baker Institute in Houston .
“ Saudi Arabia and the United States are trying to show the Iranians they ( the Iranians ) will have little flexibility , and they should n't count on the world needing all the oil that Iran produces . ”
Saudi output in February was up 450,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) from October at its highest since August .
RISE IS SURPRISE
The build appears related , at least in part , to a massive expansion project at Saudi Arabia 's 285,000-bpd Motiva Port Arthur , Texas joint-venture refinery with Shell Oil , the U.S. unit of Royal Dutch Shell .
All expansion units are expected to be in production by the end of the second quarter of this year , with the expanded refinery reaching , by the end of the year , a maximum capacity of 660,000 bpd . Motiva Enterprises began circulating feedstocks through some of the expansion units in January
Motiva declined to comment . The expansion project , budgeted at $ 5 billion , began in 2007 , and when complete will make the refinery the largest in the United States .
“ I suspect there is some seasonality to it , U.S. refiners build inventories in the first quarter and U.S. refiners start up Gulf Coast plants out of maintenance , ” said Jan Stuart , head of energy research at Credit Suisse in New York City .
“ In addition , this year you have the Motiva expansion , which will buy a lot of crude , ” he said , adding the building up of 20 days worth of inventory could account for part of the increased Saudi shipments .
That would be equivalent to building up inventories of 7.5 million barrels , by a Reuters calculation , implying a need to build 100,000 bpd of stock over the first 10 weeks of the year .
INVENTORY BUILD
Still , crude inventories in the Gulf Coast region have not grown as much as they traditionally do during the first quarter when refiners build up stocks .
Gulf Coast stocks have risen by only 10.3 million barrels — or roughly 140,000 bpd — over the 10 week period , compared with 14.2 million barrels on average for the past five years , according to EIA data . The weekly data is preliminary , and more comprehensive monthly data for January is not yet available .
While the rise in Saudi output has been well charted , the fact that the lion 's share of it appears destined for U.S. refiners will come as a surprise to many . Overall U.S. demand for foreign crude has ebbed this year as a boom in domestic and Canadian production reduces the need for imports .
The reversal of the key Seaway pipeline — which will begin running from Oklahoma to Texas by July — was expected further to temper demand for imports by helping bring more cheap crude from the Midwest to the U.S. Gulf Coast refining hub .
“ We were all expecting to see U.S. imports fall for Vela , so it 's a jump at a time when we are preparing for a reversal given the Seaway pipeline , ” one shipping source said . “ It raises the question why would they need more imports ? ”
Omar Nokta , managing director with investment bank Dahlman Rose & Co , said in a note on Friday that it was the first time in “ several years ” for Vela to book so many tankers in such a short time .
RISE BEGAN IN JANUARY
Provisional weekly data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration shows that the rise in supplies began several months ago , and outpaced gains to other consumers such as China .
U.S. imports of Saudi oil hit 1.5 million bpd in the first 10 weeks of 2012 , up 300,000 bpd from the fourth quarter of 2011 and marking the largest rise in shipments since the second quarter of 2003 . Saudi shipments to China in January rose only 14 percent from the year before .
Total U.S. crude imports are up only 165,000 bpd in the first 10 weeks of the year versus the fourth quarter . The EIA was not immediately able to respond to requests for an explanation of the data .
The shift also could simply be the result of restoring supplies to U.S. customers whose shipments had been cut much more deeply after prices crashed four years ago .
“ Up to 2008 , there was definitely a much larger rise in shipments to Asia , that 's where the demand was growing . The cuts that followed that were not proportionate , ” said a senior executive at a major Saudi oil customer .
“ Now there 's a degree of rebalancing . ”
The rise in bookings to the U.S. Gulf has also tightened tanker availabilities , helping push the average earnings for VLCCs on the benchmark Middle Gulf to Japan route — the major market barometer — to their highest level in over a year to $ 33,205 a day , Baltic Exchange data showed .
Data shows that the Saudi crude has been priced advantageously for U.S. buyers . Official selling prices ( OSPs ) for U.S. buyers , which are set by the state oil firm Saudi Aramco , have fallen to a deep discount versus Asian and European refiners , according to Reuters data .
The bargain rates may have encouraged a bit more crude to move West , although industry sources say the kingdom 's largest customers with global refining systems have less flexibility to shift supplies between different regions than they have in the past .
Edward Morse , global head of commodities research at Citigroup , said that while the higher U.S. volumes could be due to Motiva , it may come as part of efforts to build up global inventories .
“ I think that if you look over a longer term , the Saudis are increasing their exports to the whole world right now and not just the U.S. , ” Morse said .
“ The Saudis are getting oil onto the market to encourage inventory building , and to show their customers they can deliver whatever is needed . ”
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) -- Benched Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Josh Freeman said he has Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and voluntarily entered the NFL substance abuse program more than a year ago after mistakenly taking a medication to treat the condition .
Freeman said Monday night in a statement released by his agent that he has passed all 46 drug tests he 's taken for the league since once using Ritalin instead of Adderall to treat ADHD .
The fifth-year pro was benched last Wednesday after leading the Bucs to an 0-3 start that included a pair of losses on last-second field goals .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Freeman said he has been `` prescribed and permitted to take medication '' to treat ADHD for the entirety of his NFL career .
'' Let me be very clear . I have never tested positive for any illegal drugs or related substances , '' the 2009 first-round draft pick said in the statement released by agent Erik Burkhardt .
The testing has been conducted at the Buccaneers training facility , and Freeman believes someone there leaked information about it .
'' Since the confidentiality of my medical status has been publicly violated , I am choosing to address this matter so that grossly erroneous assumptions about me do not persist , '' the quarterback said .
'' Like millions of Americans , I have ADHD and I have been prescribed and permitted to take medication to treat this condition for the entirety of my NFL career . Well over a year ago , I took a different medication for the same condition ( Ritalin rather than Adderall ) , and to assure everyone that the error was a one-time mistake , I agreed to be voluntarily tested . '' '
The statement said that since entering the league program Freeman has passed every test he 's been given , adding they screen for `` every drug and banned substance imaginable . ''
Story continues
The quarterback agreed to testing at the Bucs complex `` because I spend all of my time there and I have nothing whatsoever to hide or be embarrassed about . ''
Freeman , who became the first 4,000-yard passer in Bucs history last season , was benched in favor of rookie Mike Glennon , who made his first pro start during Sunday 's 13-10 loss to Arizona .
Freeman was declared inactive for the game by coach Greg Schiano and watched from a suite at Raymond James Stadium . In a television interview with ESPN last week , the 25-year-old said a trade might be the best solution for him and the team .
'' Unfortunately , it appears that some people who may have noticed the testing at my workplace have made hurtful and incorrect assumptions and chosen to disseminate inaccurate and very disturbing information , '' Freeman said .
'' It is a shame that when times have gotten tough , people have chosen to attack the character of others , rather than supporting each other , '' the statement added . '' I remain dedicated and focused to being the best quarterback I can be and to help a team win a championship . ''
-- --
AP NFL website : www.pro32.ap.org
Lucile 's German Chunk Sweet Pickles By Patricia Roberson ( By Patricia Roberson ( patrob ) on July 25 , 2010 In the late 1930 's , my mother-in-law , Lucile Roberson , scribbled her recipe for German Chunk Sweet Pickles in the back of her Watkins cookbook . She was nearly eighty when Robert and I married . When we decided to plant a vegetable garden , she passed the well worn cookbook and the traditional pickle making to us . These pickles really are quick and easy to make , even though the process is spread over twelve days from start to finish . -- -- - Wait a minute ! Come back ! Please ! You do n't actually work on them every day ! -- -- When I was young , I thought twelve days was a ridiculous amount of time to wait for pickles , but I soon realized that my husband 's pickles , made from his mother 's recipe , always disappeared from the relish tray and my extra quick sweet pickles , made using pickling lime and green food coloring , were ignored by guests . Lucile 's pickles are now the only sweet pickles we ever make . Start through Day 3 Start with fresh , blemish free pickling cucumbers about six inches long . Ten pounds or so makes a nice batch , about ten pints , but you can easily adjust the recipe for a larger or smaller batch of pickles .
Make a brine using 1 1/2 cups pickling salt ( NOT table salt ) for each gallon of water . If the water is salty enough , a raw egg will float . -- -- - No , do n't crack the egg ! It will float better in its shell . -- -- - If the egg sinks and sits on the bottom , gradually stir in more salt until it does float .
Place the cucumbers in a clean plastic or crock container and pour the brine over them making sure they are completely covered .
Weight the cucumbers down with a jar of water and a plate or something similar and let them sit in the brine for three full days . -- -- See , I told you this is easy ! Temperature makes a big difference . Keep the cucumbers in a comfortably cool room the entire twelve days . We tried to make a batch once in a laundry room off the back porch . It was too hot , and the cucumbers were a nasty , stinky mess in just a few days . Days 4 through 6
When the cucumbers have been brined for three full days , pour off the brine and rinse them well in cool water . They wo n't look as fresh as when you started and will have some shriveled spots . That 's normal since the salt pulled out water to get them ready to absorb the pickling mixture . Cover the cucumbers with cool fresh water and keep them submerged with the plate and jar of water .
On Days 5 and 6 , drain the cucumbers and cover with fresh cool water each day . -- -- I know having to change the water every day is beginning to seem like work , but it is very important . Days 7 through 9 Pours off the water and cut the cucumbers into the size chunks or slices that you prefer . Return the cucumber chunks to the plastic or crock container .
Mix 4 cups vinegar , 8 cups water , and 4 teaspoons alum powder , which you can find in the spice section at the grocery . Pour the vinegar and alum mixture over the cucumbers and allow them to sit for three days . -- -- - Another three days when the cucumbers just sit , and you do n't even have to touch them ! This makes up for the three days when you had to change the water daily . -- -- -
You may want to cover the container to contain the smell of the vinegar , but cover lightly and allow it to breathe a little .
Days 10 through 12 In a large stainless steel pot * , bring to a boil 4 cups vinegar , cider or white , 6 cups sugar , and 3 teaspoons mixed pickling spices . I do n't have a spice ball , so I tie the spices in a piece of clean cotton cloth and remove them before I jar the pickles . Drain the cucumbers and add them to the boiling vinegar mixture . As soon as the pot returns to a boil , turn off the heat , put the lid on the pot , and allow the cucumbers to sit in the pickling mixture until the next day .
* If you have to use an aluminium pot , transfer the pickling mixture and cucumbers , as soon as they cool a little , to a plastic or crock container to sit until the next day . This process will be a little messy , but you do n't want the vinegar mixture to react with the aluminum .
On Day 11 bring the mixture to a boil and turn off the heat again . On Day 12 you will have to spend a little time finishing up your pickles . But with the finish line in sight , it will be fun ! Wash your jars in hot soapy water and rinse them well . Sterilize them in a pot of boiling water or place them in the oven at 250 degrees for at least 20 minutes . Turn off the oven and leave the jars in there until time to fill them with pickles . You 'll need a pair of tongs or pot holders to pick up the hot jars .
Sterilize the lids , rubber ring facing up , in a pan of simmering water on the stovetop for 15 minutes . Turn off the heat and let them sit in the hot water until you need them .
Bring the pickles to a boil and let them boil at least 5 minutes to make sure they are heated thoroughly . Remove and discard the spice packet . Keep the pickles simmering . Take hot jars out of the oven one or two at a time . Fill jars to within 1/2 '' of the top . Wipe the rim . Place a lid on each jar as soon as you fill it and secure it with a jar ring . If the pickles are not hot enough when the lid goes on , they will not seal . Set the jars on a heatproof surface to cool . In just a little while , you 'll start hearing the `` ping '' of jars sealing . Do n't be tempted to help them by pressing the lids down in the center ! A jar `` encouraged '' to seal can unseal in storage and spoil . The next day check to make sure all jars have sealed , wash the outsides of the jars , and store your pickles . If you have a jar that did not seal , you can refrigerate it and start enjoying your pickles or reheat the pickles and try again . I always use a different jar and lid if I try to seal a second time just in case there is a slight flaw in either that I did not see . Make lots of these pickles because once your friends and family have tasted them , you too will be expected to take a jar or two with you to holiday dinners !
About Patricia Roberson I started cooking when I was twelve and Mother was busy taking college classes . I found that reading carefully and following the instructions were all it took to prepare good food . There were a few disasters , of course , but far more successes . I became the family 's grocery shopper and primary cook by the time I was in high school . My little sister said she would have starved after I graduated from college and left home except for the Char-King hamburger drive-in a few blocks away .
I am retired after nearly forty years as a high school counselor and English and Spanish teacher . My husband and I recently downsized to a small ranch where we keep my horse and continue to raise beef cattle on a smaller scale . We are owned by five cats that let us live with them and several feral cats at the ranch that meet us for breakfast every morning . I still enjoy cooking , but I am more likely to look for a quick and easy recipe now !
« More articles Comments and discussion :
Subject Thread Starter Last Reply Fond Memories ravenbard Jun 1 , 2013 2:35 PM 7 Brining pickles Crista Jun 27 , 2011 10:17 AM 19 Need this is a printable version paulgrow Jul 26 , 2010 4:11 PM 4
Buy Photo Sonia Brown of Detroit , with cane on the left , looks down into a street hole on Hull Street in Detroit on Tuesday , Aug. 25 , 2015 . ( Photo : Robert Allen/Detroit Free Press ) Buy Photo
A bucketload of fish living , literally , on a street in Detroit got scooped up Tuesday and trucked across the city to a backyard bathtub .
A hole in the pavement had made for a little ecosystem on Hull Street on the city 's east side , where the fish were already reproducing after 30 days of residence . The wide , shallow , rectangular excavation left open and filled by a leaky water main gave Isiah ( Zeek ) James , 60 , the idea for an aquatic community .
`` It was a pond straight made for fish , '' he said . `` So I put 'em in there , just so the kids could come by and see them . ''
A crew with Detroit Water and Sewer Department pumped out the water Tuesday as James and several children and neighbors helped get the fish out . The water main was repaired , but not before fish were safely removed , water department spokeswoman Curtrise Garner said .
The hole , she said , was created by DTE Energy , and the leak had n't been reported to the water department until Monday – when metro Detroit TV stations reported on the fishing hole , and somebody called in .
Buy Photo Fish swims in a bucket after being removed from a street hole on Hull Street on Detroit 's east side on Tuesday , Aug. 25 , 2015 . ( Photo : Robert Allen Detroit Free Press )
DTE spokeswoman Erica Donerson said the utility is investigating how the hole was made and that it is n't sure why the city is saying DTE made it . But plans were to have it filled in by the end of Tuesday , she said .
James said the hole had been there for years . It was surrounded by large , orange barrels , in front of a burned house on a block where only a few houses still stand . Sonia Renee Brown , who provided the new home for the fish , said the water would freeze up so much in winter , `` a car could go ice skating . ''
She previously took kids on a field trip to catch the fish at Palmer Park .
`` They took so much pride in it that they did n't want to throw the fish back , '' Brown said , adding that James and the kids decided to make the pond in the street because `` like much of Detroit , it 's gone to Hootsville , '' and they envisioned something better .
James cleared trash and algae from the hole . They 'd talked of putting in a community garden and nearby seating . But on Tuesday morning , they scrambled to get the truck , buckets and tub needed to get the fish out safely .
Within a few hours , seven children smiled as one gold-colored fish and about a dozen darker , greenish ones -- described as carp , bluegill and goldfish -- nibbled bread crumbs in the old bathtub filling with water from a garden hose in Brown 's backyard .
Buy Photo Isaiah ( Zeek ) James of Detroit puts fish in a backyard bathtub after they were removed from a street hole on Hull Street . ( Photo : Robert Allen/Detroit Free Press )
Her home , `` Auntie Na 's house , '' as it says on a wall on Yellowstone Street near Elmhurst Street , is about 6 miles west of the now-emptied fishing hole . The bathtub of fish was placed near a garden where grapes and vegetables grow . She has used the house as a place to serve the community , especially children and people who are hungry , mostly through donations .
Brown also helps provide people water with the Detroit Water Brigade , an organization opposing water shut-offs in the city at residences with delinquent bills . A video posted Saturday on the water brigade 's Facebook page showed the hole full of Detroit water keeping fish alive .
But Brown said the fish-moving effort Tuesday took time from helping people in need . She 's now hoping they can get a tank and pump donated to keep the fish alive through winter .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/1JktXkC
Eminem wrapped up his Monster tour in Detroit last night , and then sent the hip-hop world into a storm of speculation today with rumors of a new album titled Shady XV dropping on Black Friday . A major clue about a potential album was revealed in the latest trailer for Denzel Washington 's film , The Equalizer , which can be seen above , when during the end credits it says , `` Featuring the new song `` Guts Over Fear '' from Shady XV on Black Friday . ''
To add to the speculation , Em rocked a shirt with the Shady XV logo on it during the tour stop in Detroit last night . There is also this tweet , which can be seen below , from Em 's manager , Paul Rosenberg , from June where he simply tweeted out `` Shady XV '' with no other context .
Details about the project are obviously limited about whether this could be an all new original album , or possibly some sort of tribute compilation to his classic project , Slim Shady LP , which came out 15 years ago . Em is slated to drop his new single from the film , `` Guts Over Fear , '' featuring Sia on iTunes tomorrow , at which point more details should become available .
UPDATE : Em just dropped a trailer for the project , which can be seen below . According to Billboard , the project will indeed be double-disc compilation album . The first disc will feature a number of Em 's greatest hits , and the second will be compiled of new music from a combination of Em , Yelawolf , Slaughterhouse , and more .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Shady XV — Paul Rosenberg ( @ rosenberg ) June 3 , 2014
UPDATE : Paul Rosenberg has just announced that Shady XV has been pushed up to November 24 , right before Thanksgiving .
SHADYXV IS 11/24 . — Paul Rosenberg ( @ rosenberg ) August 26 , 2014
Update : Check out the official tracklist for the project featuring appearances from Em , Big Sean , DeJ Loaf , and more .
A Los Angeles County sheriff 's jailer was arrested in connection with a rash of burglaries of homes in upscale parts of Thousand Oaks , officials said .
Investigators do not believe the deputy , Khajana Jones , participated in any of the burglaries . But when they showed up last week at the home of one member of the suspected burglary ring , investigators said they discovered the deputy living there and helping to hide what appeared to be stolen property and large sums of cash .
Ventura County Sheriff 's Department officials say the members of the burglary ring were selling the jewelry from their heists to fund lavish lifestyles -- shopping trips , luxury cars , thousands spent at high-end night clubs -- for themselves and their girlfriends . A department spokesman would not say if Jones , 35 , was romantically linked with Dennis Coleman , one of the alleged burglars .
The investigation into the ring has been weeks in the making , and has resulted in half a dozen arrests , with Ventura County sheriff 's officials saying they expect more to come . This month , investigators on the case alerted Los Angeles police that three suspects were in Pacific Palisades to commit a burglary . When LAPD officers tried to intercept the suspects on their way out of the area , the suspects sped off , hitting speeds in excess of 100 mph on Pacific Coast Highway as they threw jewelry from the car . They ditched their vehicle in Santa Monica , with two of the suspects evading police . Authorities arrested one man , Miles Chaissions , 20 .
Authorities described the ring as being composed of a hard-core group of gang members and their girlfriends . The men , authorities said , have extensive violent records , including murder , kidnapping and bank robbery .
Police described brazen lawbreaking . Coleman , the man living with the Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputy , was out on bail for a burglary in Moorpark . Authorities said he and two others had made a court appearance in that case last month , when they stopped off in Camarillo on their way back home to burglarize a residence .
Jones , a deputy for five years , has been relieved of duty with pay pending ongoing investigations , said Los Angeles County sheriff 's Capt . Mike Parker . She was assigned to the Century Regional Detention Facility in Lynwood .
“ Absolutely we do hold our personnel to a higher standard , and we await the results of these investigations , ” Parker said . “ The sheriff takes this very seriously . ”
Authorities say they believe members of the group are responsible for seven burglaries in Ventura County since December of last year , and eight more in Los Angeles and Orange counties , with a combined property loss in the hundreds of thousands of dollars .
ALSO :
Carnival cruise robbery victim : 'Is he going to shoot us all ? '
School in mourning for 10-year-old girl who died after fight
Co-worker discovered slain mother , daughter in Redondo Beach
-- Robert Faturechi
twitter.com/robertfaturechi
Photo : The Century Regional Detention Center in Lynwood . Credit : Branimir Kvartuc / Associated Press
A team of plainclothes New York City police officers , tracking the signal of a stolen cellphone , pushed past a man who denied the officers permission to enter his home and searched it floor by floor . A sergeant forced the man to wait outside in his underwear in the rain .
“ I can do anything I want , ” one officer told the man .
In another case , officers armed with an arrest warrant , but not a search warrant , burst into a home of a suspect 's ex-boyfriend at 5:30 a.m. , only to find an innocent woman inside with a child and grandchild . The wrong address had come from a months-old domestic incident report .
In a review of hundreds of police cases , the Civilian Complaint Review Board found scores of incidents in which police officers misapplied or misunderstood the legal standards of one of the most invasive law enforcement tactics : entering a home .
The review board , an independent oversight agency for the New York Police Department , concluded in its analysis that the frequency of such misconduct fuels the public 's mistrust of law enforcement .
Did I ever mention that I LOVE veggie burgers ? Oh wait only a hundred times . This little beauty of a burger came about because I wanted to do something different to show how versatile a burger can be . I went through ideas of spinach burger , carrot burger , black bean chilli burger and decided on beetroot burger ! I like beetroot but I do n't love beetroot so I wanted to try and balance out the earthy flavours with something a bit sweeter ( so I added feta ) ; I also wanted to give it a twist so I used chickpeas instead of my usual beans and I added some curry paste . The first time I made these I added toasted spices but the flavour was so harsh against the beetroot so I found that using a paste gave it a more mellow taste .
It may sound like a mish mash but I can promise you that this is a tasty little burger !
Makes 4 burgers :
150g Chickpeas
145g Beetroot ( 120g when peeled )
80g Breadcrumbs
1 Egg
1/2 Red Onion finely chopped
1 tablespoon Curry Paste ( I used Rogan Josh paste )
65g Feta Cheese
Mash the chickpeas in a bowl untill broken down but do n't mash them untill smooth ! Grate the beetroot into the bowl ( this is a messy part as fingers and worktops begin to turn pink ! ) and add the finely sliced red onion , the breadcrumbs , the egg and the curry paste . Stir all these ingredients together to combine .
Crumble the feta into the bowl in quite large chunks and gently fold the cheese into the mixture .
Mould the mixture into 4 patties and then put them on a plate in the fridge for at least 20-30 minutes . This will firm them up before cooking .
In a pan heat some oil ( use spray oil if being healthy ) and then fry the burgers for about 3-4 minutes on each side . Serve with a burger bun and salad…and even some chips yum !
I recently installed the popular desktop Android environment Remix OS into my usb disk . However I found the data partition ( it is data.img actually ) created by Remis OS installation process is soooo small ! I can not even install HearthStone in it . And I do n't know why it formats the usb disk into fat32 , ext4 should be better .
I found actually I can invoke the traditional Android x86 installer that can help you install remix os into any disk , using ext4 and getting larger data partition . I can invoke it by simply adding INSTALL=1 into boot time parameter list . This parameter will be checked by the initrd script as follow :
Here I used QEMU/KVM and usb passthrough to install remix os into my 16GB usb disk .
qemu-system-x86_64 -- enable-kvm -boot d \ -cdrom ./Remix_OS_for_PC_64_B2016011402_Alpha_Legacy.iso \ -smp 4 -m 4096 \ -vga std -usbdevice tablet -soundhw hda \ -usb -device usb-host , hostbus = 3 , hostaddr = 8
First , press tab to edit boot parameter at GRUB menu .
Add INSTALL=1 to the parameter list
Here we get the traditional Android x86 installation program invoked . And I have to press detect devices first to let the installation program to probe my usb device .
Create a partition and mark it as bootable .
Select the partition just created .
Choose ext4 as disk format type and start the installation !
After installation is complete , I plugged my usb disk into my laptop and remix os is working great with ext4 and can access the full storage of my 16GB usb disk now .
Hi Shannin
On Friday July 29th , there was an incident on Vine Ave ( Old 218 ) south of Riverside . At 2:12 pm , a man driving a pick-up truck heading southbound crossed the center line and started to accelerate towards the bicyclist on the northbound lane . He continued all the way across the northbound lane , but the bicyclist bailed into the ditch hitting his head and getting scraped up . The pickup continued into the east ditch . The rider had a camera and captured the incident . The Iowa State Patrol Post 13 is handling the investigation .
There were four bicyclists heading south and we assume they were biking out to join RAGBRAI . If you know who that may be , please send me an email to bikeinfo @ iowabicyclecoalition.org . They talked to the injured bike rider and they may be witnesses .
We will share more information as it becomes available .
Mark Wyatt
Iowa Bicycle Coalition
We get caught up in records , but there 's a lot to be said for style . This is especially true in the marathon , dominated by images of fatigue , frozen faces , bleeding nipples , crap-streaked legs , and claw-rigged arms—and those are just the spectators . The visible degradation over 26.2 miles from athlete to decayed but discernible human to roadkill is compelling in a train-wreck kind of way . But it 's not pretty .
This past Sunday , 30-year-old Eliud Kipchoge , of Kenya , gave a two-hour-four-minute-and-11-second tutorial on how to lay down the 12th fastest marathon of all time and look good doing it . A few weeks ago , countryman Dennis Kimetto set the marathon world record , 2:02:57 , which is very fast , but it showed . His expression was grim as he worked praying mantis-like legs to their limit . Watching him , I felt the growing pain of utter exhaustion , on and on , muscles screaming , how much further ? I collapsed on the couch , drained , when he broke the tape . Yes , Kipchoge required an extra three seconds every mile , but it was time well spent . He 's an elegant runner , fluid , composed , as if he was sailing through the streets of Chicago for fun . It was refreshing , I tell you , and pleasant to watch .
The occasion was the Chicago Marathon which was set up to be a battle of ex-track titans Kenenisa Bekele and Kipchoge . Ethiopian Bekele , jingling with gold medals and world records , won everything he possibly could on the track before turning to the marathon earlier this year . The last of five children of farming parents , Kipchoge followed a similar , if slightly less decorated path .
Bekele and Kipchoge clashed many times on the track , the Ethiopian coming out on top most often , but Kipchoge was the most elegant second placer you ever saw . Maybe 5-foot-8 , with a compact chassis , an extra-long southern half , and the musculature of a track runner rather than the gauntness of a career marathoner , Kipchoge is proportioned for fluid velocity . His entire being—still head , leading chest , swinging arms , kilometer-carved legs , every sinew , every cell—is in happy agreement when the accelerator is pressed—Yes , let 's go now . No head bobbing , no flailing as if some body parts are being dragged along against their will : a slight forward impulse , arms rising by an inch or two at the end of their arc , stride widening incrementally , landing lightly on the forefoot , every particle gleefully flying forward with a unified will . Bus stops and street signs suddenly whizz by at 4:33 pace instead of 4:52 . It 's pretty .
Advertisement
A 4:34 first mile , pushed along by Chicago 's famous wind , was merely a formality , a way of identifying the pack as the real contenders for the course record ( 2:03:45 ) , the still-warm world record ( 2:02:57 ) , the win , whatever . Bekele and Kipchoge , separated by Bernard Koech , Sammy Kitwara , and Dickson Chumba , rolled abreast , close on the heels of three pacers . They passed the first 5K ( metric system runners think of the marathon in 5K segments with a 2K sprint finish ) in 14:42 . For Kipchoge , who routinely covered 5K on the track in the 12:50s , the pace was comfortable .
Bekele and Kipchoge pointedly ignored each other . They glided , trance-like , through 10K in 29:27 , 15K in 44:13 , passing the halfway point in 62:09 , instead of the 61:40 the pacers had been instructed to hit . Rather than towing the pack , the pacers were doing all they could to keep from being chewed up and spit out the back .
TV coverage maddeningly left the lead pack intact before 30K and returned from a technical glitch at about 34K to a three-man race of Kipchoge and fellow Kenyans Sammy Kitwara and Dickson Chumba . Professional photographer Sean Hartnett , who saw the break from the back of the lead motorcycle , said the precipitating factor was a turn into the wind at the critical 20-mile mark , where the long run ends and the racing begins . The 5K segment between 25K and 30K was the slowest of the day in 15:04 . Turning south onto Halsted street , a particularly bleak and windy section of the course , those who could gather themselves and eased down on the accelerator . The segment between 30K and 35K was covered in a herd-thinning 14:34 . Former lead pack member Bernard Koech was visible in the background , and Bekele was a speck on the road in south Chicago .
Advertisement
The Ehiopian later said he was suffering from jet lag and that his body did n't respond when asked at 20 miles . `` Obviously , I would have liked to run faster but I could n't , '' Bekele explained at the post-race press conference . It 's been proven by previous track-to-marathon converts that it takes a few tries to translate successful 10,000-meter racing to the 42K distance , and this was only Bekele 's second marathon , 2:05:04 and this , 205:51 . But it may be that he just does n't like running that far . He admitted to finding long runs boring at first . You have to truly enjoy running farther than many people drive in a day to be successful at the marathon . Kipchoge does . Chicago was his fourth marathon , all between 2:04:05 and 2:05:30 .
The No . 1 problem eliminated , Kipchoge started enjoying his tour of the Windy City . Not that he was n't concerned with countrymen Kitwara and Chumba , but both were pretty close to red lining and he knew it . Kitwara 's right arm swung wider ; Chumba , too , was a little ragged , leaning forward , willing himself to hang on . In the end , Kitwara and Chumba were second and third , posting personal bests by about a minute .
Kipchoge , composed as ever , had not broken a sweat . Literally or figuratively . Kitwara made a few feints at the lead but Kipchoge answered easily . At 25 miles , Kipchoge decided it was time to smell the roses . He did this with a 4:33 mile . Knockout punch delivered , he owned the city .
Advertisement
It must have been a great feeling , knowing he 'd vanquished a world-class field and covered 40K in about 2:57/kilometer pace ( 4:44 per mile ) , and that , still , his body responded . It must have been satisfying to know that the grinding 120 miles/week , the searing track sessions and spartan lifestyle had paid off . Of course , it 's fun to win , and pick up a $ 100,000 prize . For whatever reason , Kipchoge smiled . He smiled while smoothly , gloriously , powerfully flying over the last 2K ( mile and a quarter ) in six minutes 14 seconds . It was a beautiful thing , and stylish .
To say his 2:04:11 was effortless would be wrong by a factor of eleven . Kipchoge confirmed it was not easy after 30K but that , indeed , he `` enjoyed the race from start to finish . ''
William Jennings Bryan By J.E . Purdy , Boston , 1902 , courtesy Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Division
When William Jennings Bryan squared off against William McKinley for the presidency in 1896 , the head of Steinway piano warned his workers , “ Men , vote as you please , but if Bryan is elected tomorrow , the whistles will not blow Wednesday morning. ” Big insurance companies offered low-interest loans to farmers in the swing states of the Midwest—explicitly contingent on a McKinley victory .
History is essentially repeating itself . Mitt Romney has urged large contributors to “ make it very clear to your employees what you believe is in the best interest of your enterprise and therefore their job and their future in the upcoming elections. ” More and more employers have been following through in recent weeks . In coming years , we expect them to develop McKinley-era techniques by offering special workers deals that will pay off only if the employer-favored candidates win . Who 's to stop them ?
The answer should be Congress . The corruption of politics in the Gilded Age led to the passage of the Tillman Act in 1907 . The statute banned corporate political contributions for the first time in American history , but it failed to confront the problem posed by coercive employer arm twisting . The Supreme Court 's ruling a century later in Citizens United stopped short of striking down the Tillman Act , but the Court 's underlying rationale puts it at grave risk in the next round of litigation .
Congress should not stay on the sidelines in the meantime . It should reinforce the Tillman Act by banning coercive employer threats to workers ' political independence . The National Labor Relations Act provides the right model for reform . As interpreted by the Supreme Court 's 1969 decision in NLRB v. Gissel Packing , the statute allows employers to provide “ objective facts ” to convince workers that unionization will lead to plant closings . But it forbids them from threatening punitive actions “ for reasons unrelated to economic necessities. ” The court emphasized that even if an employer sincerely believes that “ unionization will or may result in the closing of the plant , ” he ca n't make the threat without proof that particular plants will close—which the justices said would rarely be possible . Congress should extend these well-developed principles to political elections . Employers ' fact-free threats of plant closures impose unacceptable coercion on workers when they vote for candidates just as much as when they vote on unionization . In this situation , too , worker autonomy should trump the employer 's free speech rights .
This logic should prove persuasive to the current court . While it is the most conservative in modern history , it is not prepared to launch a direct attack on the National Labor Relations Act or other New Deal monuments . As its recent Obamacare decision shows , it is not even prepared to invalidate extensions of New Deal activism into new areas of social life . So long as the NLRA stands , there is no ground for preventing Congress from expanding its principles to protect workers when they vote in state and national elections as well as when they vote on unionization .
The prospects for reform are reasonably bright . Incumbents of both parties have been hit by the storm precipitated by Citizens United and may be willing to take action against the worst abuses . Employer coercion should be at the top of the list . If there is a deadlock in Washington , states should take the lead . Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have already passed statutes ; other states should follow and would be well advised to use the principles provided by the court 's labor rulings . It would also be wise to expand the laws that bar traditional vote-buying to stop companies from quid pro quo deals that hinge on the outcome of an election . With Congress and the states on the case , we can weed out the worst pathologies of this second gilded age before they fully entrench themselves in political life .
[ van id= ” health/2016/01/28/zika-virus-what-we-know-sanjay-gupta-orig-mss.cnn ” ]
The Zika virus is “ is now spreading explosively ” in the Americas , the head of the World Health Organization said Thursday , with another official estimating between 3 million and 4 million Zika infections in the region over a 12-month period .
“ The level of concern is high , as is the level of uncertainty , ” WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan told her organization 's executive board members . “ We need to get some answers , quickly . ”
The lack of any immunity to Zika virus and the fact the mosquitoes that spread it can be found most “ everywhere in the Americas ” — from Argentina to the southern United States — “ explains the speed ” of the Zika virus 's spread , explained Dr. Sylvain Aldighieri , an official with the WHO and Pan American Health Organization .
Aldighieri gave the 3 to 4 million estimates for Zika infections ( including people who do not report clinical symptons ) based on data regarding how a different mosquito-borne virus — dengue — spreads . He cautioned that 's only an estimate , while acknowledging the virus is currently circulating with “ very high intensity . ”
Some 80 % of those infected with Zika virus never know they have it . Still , there are major worries about dangers facing pregnant women and their babies .
Chan explained that , where the virus has arrived , there 's been a corresponding “ steep increase in the birth of babies with abnormally small heads and in cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome. ” Having small heads can cause severe developmental issues and sometimes death . Guillain-Barre , meanwhile , is a rare autoimmune disorder that can lead to life-threatening paralysis .
Dr. Bruce Aylward , another WHO leader , cautioned that no definitive link has been established . But , he said , there 's legitimate reason to be concerned .
And there 's no doubt that Zika potentially poses a dire health to areas that are home to millions of people .
What is far less clear is what to do about it .
Pregnant women , their babies at high risk
After being first detected in 1947 in a monkey in Uganda , Zika was most often found along the equator from Africa into Asia . Nine years ago , new cases popped up in islands in the Pacific Ocean .
Last year , it made its way to the Americas — with already devastating results .
The number of cases there has grown exponentially , prompting significant public health measures aimed at curbing it and protecting those most endangered by it , particularly women who could become pregnant or who already are . Brazil alone has reported more than 4,000 cases of microcephaly — a neurological disorder that results in babies being born with small heads — in infants born to women infected with Zika during their pregnancies .
The mosquito-borne disease is now in “ 23 countries and territories in the region , ” according to Chan . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said Zika is in 24 nations .
Chan has called an emergency committee meeting to convene February 1 in Geneva , Switzerland , to talk about what health officials worldwide should do about the Zika virus .
U.S.-based researchers Daniel Lucey and Lawrence Gostin had called for just such a meeting in an article published Wednesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association , criticizing the World Health Organization for not stepping up sooner .
“ The very process of convening the committee would catalyze international attention , funding , and research , ” Lucey and Gostin wrote . “ While Brazil , PAHO , and the CDC have acted rapidly , WHO headquarters has thus far not been proactive , given potentially serious ramifications . ”
After Chan 's announcement about next week 's meeting , Gostin urged Chan to “ urgently mobilize international resources to curb the rapid spread of Zika worldwide , including aggressive mosquito control , active surveillance , accelerated vaccine research and travel advisories for pregnant women .
“ It is far better , ” said the Georgetown University public health expert , “ to be overprepared than to wait until a Zika epidemic spins out of control . ”
With no vaccine , controlling mosquitoes is key
The meeting in Geneva will aim to pull together research and get experts ' recommendations on the next steps . Chan said she also wants “ to prioritize areas where research is most needed . ”
Right now , there are no vaccines to prevent Zika virus , which not only pregnant women but their fetuses can contract . Nor are there medicines to treat those who have it .
This has led officials in Colombia , Jamaica and El Salvador to advise women not get pregnant so long as the Zika threat remains . Eduardo Espinoza , El Salvador 's vice minister of health , recommended that women should “ plan their pregnancies and try to avoid getting pregnant this year and the next , ” meaning the next two years .
The World Health Organization is n't going that far , nor does it plan to anytime soon , according to Aylward . That agency will more likely focus on advising women in the Americas who want to get pregnant to reduce their risk of mosquito bites .
Authorities are also focusing on containing the Aedes mosquito species , which spreads the disease .
That type of mosquito can be found in the United States , though as of Thursday there had been no cases of the disease being transmitted in the country . All of the Zika cases in the U.S. were contracted elsewhere in the Western Hemisphere .
And the regularly occurring global weather phenomenon known as El Niño is expected to make things worse by increasing mosquito populations , Chan said .
Still , controlling the number of mosquitoes in any specific locale is challenging . Microbiologist Brian Foy noted that Aedes mosquitoes “ can replicate in flower vases and other tiny sources of water . ”
Hi guys ! How 's it going today ? Even though I 'm supposed to be relaxing this week , today has been anything but that . A lot of errands to run and doctors to visit . None of it fun or easy I assure you . Especially not one three hours worth of sleep . The good news is that I also made sure to stock up on candy and more vanilla wafers . Yup , nothing can keep a good candy-loving girl down . Plus let 's not forget the polish and boy is it a gorgeous one . Today I have the next LE monthly holographic polish by CDB Lacquer called Autumn Equinox . Remember ladies , it 's perfectly okay to drool.Autumn Equinox by CDB Lacquer is already available for purchase in her store . As I mentioned before , this is part of her monthly limited edition holographic polishes and once gone they will not be restocked.Autumn Equinox is a maroon linear holographic polish . This has got to be one of my favorite shades for the Holidays , it feels so well with the atmosphere . The formula and consistency are excellent , I encountered absolutely no issues . It 's neither too thick nor too thin and applies with ease . I used three thin coats over a clear base and sealed it off with a fast drying topcoat . The first photo in this post was taken in a light box with controlled lightning while the photo below was taken in indirect daylight . You can really notice the holo effect in the closeup photo as well.While this beat out last month 's Howling Wolf , November 's Autumn Equinox not one to be easily missed . And I just have to throw it out there , does n't the name make you think of a phoenix ? I ca n't be the only one who thinks that , haha . But anyway , Autumn Equinox is already available for purchase now for only $ 9.00 and once sold out it will not be restocked ! Do n't forget to follow CDB Lacquer for up-to-date stock information , sales , and polish releases !
Idris Elba nearly plunged to his death filming Cary Fukunaga 's “ Beasts of No Nation. ” The indie drama , about an African tyrant known as “ the commandant ” who recruits an innocent boy into his army of youth soldiers , took Elba into the depths of Ghana 's jungles for a guerrilla-like shoot . One afternoon , as the actor waited for the next scene , he leaned against a tree overlooking a waterfall , lost his footing and fell over the ledge . Luckily , there was a narrow ridge that saved him from a 90-foot drop .
“ I remember slipping and catching onto this big branch that was sticking up , and I literally was like , ‘ Whoa ! ' ” recalls Elba . “ It was a moment where I was like , ‘ This is the real deal . ' ”
“ Beasts of No Nation ” was n't just a high-stakes , death-defying production for its cast and crew . It 's also a dive off the cliff for Netflix , which acquired the movie for a whopping $ 12 million last winter , as part of a plan to upend the conventions of the film business in the same way it has transformed traditional TV viewing with original series such as “ Orange Is the New Black , ” “ House of Cards ” and “ Daredevil . ”
Peter Hapak for Variety
This week , “ Beasts ” enters the triple-gauntlet of film festivals ( starting with Venice and Telluride , followed by Toronto ) , premiering Oct. 16 on Net­flix , the same day the film opens in platform release on 29 screens via distributor Bleecker Street . Netflix already has committed to backing its inaugural feature with a formidable awards season push , and a massive ad campaign of billboards , TV spots and online trailers . But because the major chains — AMC Theatres , Regal Cinemas , Cinemark Theatres and Carmike Cinemas — still refuse to show titles that are n't exclusive to multiplexes , the only venues that “ Beasts ” can occupy are arthouse screens like the Alamo Drafthouse chain . “ Netflix will have to prove its value to theater owners , ” says John Fithian , president of the National Assn . of Theatre Owners , who admits to streaming movies at home .
Despite some resistance , Netflix 's entrance into the movie business will be a game changer . Unlike theatrical distributors , whether Disney or Fox Searchlight , the video-streaming goliath does n't need to rely on ticket sales to measure a film 's success . Rather , Netflix makes money through its paid subscriber base , which is 65 million and growing . The Los Gatos , Calif.-based company is moving its Southern California headquarters from Beverly Hills to Hollywood by 2017 , doubling its L.A. office space , with plans to occupy 200,000 square feet in the 14-story Icon Building at Sunset Bronson Studios .
“ There 's no theatrical revenue expectation in our business model on any movie , ” says Netflix 's chief content officer Ted Sarandos , who has been on a features buying spree ( he 's expected to spend more than $ 500 million on original content next year ) . In the months to come , Netflix subscribers wo n't have to leave their sofas to watch Adam Sandler 's new Western “ The Ridiculous Six ” ( debuting Dec. 11 ) ; martial arts sequel “ Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon : The Green Legend ” ( early 2016 ) ; “ Pee-wee 's Big Holiday , ” starring Paul Reubens ( March 2016 ) ; “ Jadotville , ” a true-life drama headlined by Jamie Dornan ; and the Brad Pitt military parody “ The War Machine . ”
“ I feel like it 's incumbent on us to make and distribute movies that are so good that theater owners will want to book them , ” says Sarandos , arguing that limited access to first-run movies is bad for business . “ Every single bit of media in the world has been impacted by the Internet — books , television , music ; everything , except for the window of theatrical movies , ” he notes .
Sarandos says that Pitt never asked about a theatrical release ( “ they are n't thinking about the size of the screen ” ) , and Sandler decided not to put “ Ridiculous Six ” in theaters after the major circuits would n't carry the film . “ Adam believes his audience is mostly at home , and he 's probably right , ” Sarandos explains . “ It 's not like Adam is no longer making theatrical movies . He just wanted this movie to go day-and-date with Net­flix , and the theater owners did n't respond to booking it . I think they 'll regret it . ”
Exhibitors have long fought to preserve a 90-day window as the period between a movie 's theatrical release and availability in homes . But as a sign of the times , Paramount has convinced some chains to agree to a substantially shortened window for two of its fall releases , “ Paranormal Activity : The Ghost Dimension ” and “ Scout 's Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse , ” in exchange for a cut of the VOD revenue . “ My opinion is that window models need to be more sophisticated , ” Fithian says . “ We know not all movies are the same. ” Hollywood is watching closely to see if Netflix 's ballyhooed arrival in the movie world will further collapse windows , especially for small titles that have been struggling at the box office — like this summer 's Sundance darlings ( see “ Me and Earl and the Dying Girl ” or “ Dope ” ) . “ It has to change , ” says Amy Kaufman , a producer on “ Beasts. ” “ There have to be more distribution opportunities for us to be able to keep making these films . ”
Sarandos pledges that Netflix 's slate will be much more diverse than those of studios . “ We 're trying to make the films that are not getting made , ” he says . He also does n't count out also financing a $ 150 million tentpole like “ Jurassic World ” — the last movie he saw in a theater . “ We are producing on that scale on our TV series , ” he says . “ It would n't be that big a leap . ”
On paper , “ Beasts ” is an undeniably non-commerical tale about the tortured world of child soldiers , set in an indeterminate country in West Africa . Its cast consists of unknowns , headlined by breakout newcomer Abraham Attah ( who plays the lead , Agu ) . Where a traditional studio might devise an advertising campaign that masks the film 's violence , Netflix is n't holding back . The film 's first trailer depicts a brutal scene where Agu hacks a man 's skull with a machete . “ There were many questions asked early on from financiers about how I was going to execute the violence , ” Fukunaga says , adding that bloodshed is a theme that runs through most of his stories . “ The brutality I show in the movie is not even a 10th of the violence you see in a war . Yet it 's really hard for people to stomach . ”
Peter Hapak for Variety
Netflix 's acquisition of “ Beasts ” illustrates the kind of roller-coaster ride the indie film business has become . Fukunaga started to prepare the drama after his run as the director on the first season of HBO 's “ True Detective ” last year , but he 'd been laboring on the adaptation of Nigerian author Uzodinma Iweala 's 2005 novel for nearly a decade . While making his first movie , 2009 's “ Sin Nombre , ” for Focus Features , Fukunaga set up “ Beasts ” there with then-CEO James Schamus . But shortly thereafter at Sundance , the French-made “ Johnny Mad Dog , ” about child soldiers in Liberia , failed to secure a U.S. distributor , and Focus put Fukunaga 's dream project into turnaround .
Around 2010 , the story 's rights reverted to the author , and Fukunaga and producer Kaufman bought it themselves . Manhattan-based Red Crown Prods . — led by partners Daniel Crown and Daniela Taplin Lundberg — were able to scrounge more than $ 5 million to produce the story , with the help of Participant Media . “ I remember reading it , feeling like the screenplay had such heart , I wept , ” Taplin Lundberg says . Participant was drawn to the film 's social message , given that there are an estimated 300,000 children trapped as soldiers around the world . “ It 's a real problem that makes sense for us as a movie , ” says Participant executive vice president of production Jonathan King .
Fukunaga prepped for the 35-day shoot in late 2013 , and reveals he always intended to leave “ True Detective ” after the first story arc . The director admits he has n't watched the panned second season , but he 's aware that writer-creator Nic Pizzolatto added a diva-director character seemingly aimed at mocking him . “ I have friends on the crew who told me about it . What 's there to make of it ? ” Fukunaga says with a laugh , declining to elaborate further . He has n't communicated with Pizzolatto since he saw him at the Golden Globes in January . Responding to Variety , Pizzolatto says : “ The director character in episode 3 was absolutely not meant to represent or allude to Cary in any way . The actor ( Philip Moon ) was hired because I was a fan of his from ‘ Deadwood , ' and he arrived with the look he had . ”
Fukunaga is much less guarded talking about “ Beasts. ” He cast Elba first , knowing the star of “ The Wire ” had the natural charisma to add layers to the despicable commander . The actor was drawn to the material , given that his mother was from Ghana , a country he 'd never visited . “ Here was this really beautiful point of view which was fascinating for me , ” Elba says . “ We could make a war movie , but this was about a boy coming of age within a new family . How do you humanize someone that 's a dictator to any army of kids ? That was massive challenge to me . ”
As Fukunaga scouted locations in Liberia and Sierra Leone , he knew he had to shoot in West Africa to be authentic to his story . Insurance eventually cleared the production for Ghana , where a U.S. movie had never shot . Fukunaga 's casting director , Harrison Nesbit , arrived on the ground shortly before the production was set to begin to find the unknown locals who could carry the picture . Attah , who had never acted before , impressed Fukunaga by crying on command during an audition exercise . “ He 's 14 — maybe 15 , ” Fukunaga says . “ It 's hard to say . He would change his age depending on what he thought we wanted him to be . ”
Fukunaga 's stories from the shoot sound like a cross between Jacques Cousteau and Huckleberry Finn . He says that on the Saturday before he was scheduled to start , he felt worn down . By Sunday , he was so exhausted he stayed in bed , and a doctor diagnosed him with stage-two malaria . “ It 's like someone gave you a sleeping pill , along with a pounding headache and a hot-and-cold fever , ” Fukunaga says . “ My entire body ached . My kidneys were aching. ” The production had to push back a week as the director recovered .
But getting malaria was only the first in a series of disasters for “ Beasts. ” The camera operator pulled his hamstring on the first day , which meant Fukunaga had to fill in on that job , in addition to his roles as director and cinematographer , using a Steadicam strapped to his back . Some of the extras playing the tribal guards were jailed in the Ivory Coast on suspicion of being mercenaries , and had to be sent money for food and clothes . Actors would n't show up for work because they lost interest , forcing Fukunaga to crank out morning rewrites . The cast was terrified of poisonous snakes , and the director — who travelled through the jungle with a machete and a stick — nearly stepped on a black mamba that could have killed him .
The film ballooned $ 1 million over budget , and Fukunaga found himself struggling to keep it together . “ Every day , it felt like we were on a sinking ship , ” he says . “ I thought , this is going to be ‘ Lost in La Mancha . ' We were shooting in rainy season . Sets were washing away. ” Fukunaga shed 20 pounds from his 180-pound frame . Because he did n't trust the local meat — “ In Africa , you see chickens and pigs eating garbage , ” he says — his diet frequently consisted of a salad of onions , cucumbers and avocado . “ I just found out last week I 'd been carrying a parasite for the last year , so that was probably part of the weight loss , ” Fukunaga says . “ I 'm on a whole cocktail of antibiotics now . ”
The director returned home in July 2014 more exhausted than ever . “ For months , I had dreams we were trying to shoot , and things were n't happening , ” he recalls . “ People would have conversations with me , and I would sound drunk in the dream , because I could n't put my words together , I was so tired. ” As he started to slowly cobble together an edit , he was fully aware that he had never finished shooting all the scenes he needed , and would have to close some gaps with voiceover . Meanwhile , his investors were concerned they 'd never get a dime back .
Peter Hapak for Variety
Because Focus had originally bought “ Beasts , ” it had first right of refusal on the finished film . The studio saw a cut in December 2014 ; Netflix then saw the same cut a month later , and that 's when it put down its hefty bid . Riva Marker , Red Crown 's production president , said the company was “ blown away ” by the offer . “ It 's an independent producer 's dream that you make a movie and sell it for double its strike price , ” she says . When Focus passed on the film , Netflix laid claim to its first major acquisition . Explains Sarandos , who has seen the movie six times now : “ It struck me , as we 're getting into the film business , we should be picking projects that are exceptional films , and otherwise difficult to distribute . ”
Netflix 's $ 12 million offer for “ Beasts ” was meant as a single lump payment , since there would be no back end tied to box office or DVD sales . But it was generous enough to allow all the investors , and Elba ( who served as a producer ) , to turn a tidy profit . “ I 'm very happy that Net­flix bought it , ” the actor says . “ The silver screen will always be the silver screen . But now a small film like this , with a very tiny budget , is going to get viewers . ”
Fukunaga was initially more cautious . He wanted audiences to see “ Beasts ” on the bigscreen , which is why Netflix added a theatrical component . “ I was nervous it would just be an online film , ” Fukunaga says . Yet he realizes that most viewers will see “ Beasts ” on their TVs . “ I just hope they watch it all the way through , ” he says . “ When you watch at home , you 're tempted to watch in pieces , and the emotional experience is interrupted . ”
Netflix will put all its marketing might behind “ Beasts , ” giving the movie a big Oscars push , with the help of awards season consultant Cynthia Swartz from Strategy PR . The movie will compete in the major categories , and the blogosphere is already buzzing about Elba being a contender in the best supporting actor race . Sarandos notes that Netflix had success with campaigns for its documentaries “ The Square ” and “ Virunga , ” which were both nominated , although he 's not sure how Oscar voters will respond to a Netflix narrative drama .
But in line with “ Beasts ' ” unconventional release strategy , Fukunaga is also the rare awards season contender who does n't sound like a seasoned politician . “ I think it 's a long shot , ” he allows . “ It 's not an Oscars kind of movie . It 's not a feel-good film . I do n't know if older audiences are going to respond to it . But I also did n't know if people were going to like ‘ True Detective . ' ”
The next version of Windows Phone is just around the corner , with it comes some fantastic hardware and the promise of new features . But what about the next gen apps ?
While we have spent a great deal of time looking at the coming phones and peeking at the new underlying operating system did we forget that it 's the apps that matter ? While we know that existing apps will work fine on the new OS , what lays in store for those dedicated Windows Phone 8 apps ?
The SDK controversy
Unlike previous versions of Windows Phone , the SDK is still in limited circulation , which in turn has led to wild speculation about the readiness of the OS . Developers have become frustrated at not being able to get in and start coding . Regardless of why the SDK has been so scarce it means many devs have either been given very late access or in some cases no access at all . Some worry that when Windows Phone 8 launches it may not have many new or updated apps to show off the new platform .
We simply do n't know what effect this will have at release time . With an existing catalogue of great apps and a shiny new OS to run them , many may not mind . With the advent of native code and key gaming engines like Havok and Unity coming to Windows Phone 8 we 're certainly likely to see some stunning games . We expect to see some software announcements at launch but which ones is still a bit of a mystery .
Ch-ch-ch Changes
Microsoft has made some key changes to Windows Phone 8 to allow native code support , better interactive speech and massively improved maps . We are very excited about what new possibilities these advances will bring , but beyond features , will these changes mean a fundamental shift in what apps we 're likely to see ? The development community around the platform is excellent and we have plenty of high quality apps but will the changes to the core OS finally change how Android and iOS developers see Windows Phone ?
Apps are still regularly created in tandem for Android and iOS without much thought being given to producing a Windows Phone version . That creates opportunity for developers to fill the gap but it does n't change the fact that the first party version is nowhere to be seen . We have seen a gradual erosion of those apps but there remains a few high profile ones that wo n't budge . The BBC for instance remains insistent that the iPlayer can not be brought to Windows Phone , although they were able to bring it to the Xbox 360 , will they change their tune when Windows Phone 8 arrives ?
That 's certainly our hope , with the platform set to possibly overtake Blackberry this year it will be the third eco system . With the “ appification ” of the Xbox and Windows 8 , will this have that important halo effect that we so want ? I have already got to the point where I expect to see certain types of apps on all my Microsoft devices . I 'm often surprised when there is no parity , I wonder if this will be the eventual thought process others will have when developing for Microsoft products . A situation where you develop an app like Zite or Flipboard for Windows 8 and automatically think what a no brainer it would be to put it on all three screens with built-in syncing .
With the new core capabilities of Windows Phone combined with powerful linking of the three screens by way of the cloud we could be on the verge of seeing something truly wonderful . Picking up where you left off a game across all three screens is compelling as is the possibility of reading news or listening to music and podcasts . If we are to see the true possibility of apps that are all continuous clients the Xbox 360 will form a key part of that . It 's still very early on to tell how the app story for the console will pan out .
Are you experienced ?
So what of these new app experiences ? The lenses functionality in Windows Phone 8 should lead to some fantastic new apps and could even change the way we think about photo processing on the smartphone . The Lumia 920 is going to have the best camera on any smartphone but the OS will allow apps like flickr to upload photos in the background automatically . We are going to see Windows Phone blur the lines when it comes to using traditional voice plans to make a call or simply opt to use Skype or another VoIP provider to make and receive calls . All these are great additions to an already strong platform , will these type of features bring the remaining hold outs to the platform ? Only time will tell .
It is an exciting time ahead , could this be the year we see a change in perception from the public and developers about Windows Phone ? I certainly believe the platform has finally shrugged off the new kid on the block syndrome and is being taken ever more seriously as the third key player in the smartphone market .
There are of course apps I 'd still like to see get ported to Windows Phone but in all honesty I 'm more excited at what existing developers will bring to the platform . It 's those software makers that have brought Windows Phone to life and will know how to make the next version sing . We hope they are ready with stunning new versions of their apps .
We 'd love to hear from you , our readers on what you 're hopes are for Windows Phone 8 . What apps would you like to see ? With the new features of Windows Phone 8 , what apps are now possible ? Sounds off in the comments bellow , we always value your feedback !
Record number of Indigenous doctors graduate from the University of New South Wales
Updated
The largest cohort of Aboriginal graduate doctors will begin working in hospitals around Australia next year .
Six Indigenous students graduated this year with a medicine degree at the University of New South Wales .
Justine Brindle from the university 's rural clinical school said it was the highest number of Aboriginal medicine graduates from the university had ever recorded .
`` What 's great is we do n't have a quota for how many Indigenous students we take , '' she said .
`` There will be Indigenous doctors who have an understanding of the health issues . More Indigenous people are likely to go to a doctor if they know they 're Indigenous . ''
Graduate doctor Jessica Wade said she would begin her career in Bankstown , in Sydney 's south-west .
It 's important for Aboriginal people to be in the health industry because for other Aboriginal people you can help create a safe environment . Jessica Wade , graduate doctor
`` Bankstown Hospital is my local hospital where I 've grown up and all my family are from , '' Ms Wade said .
`` I think it 's important for Aboriginal people to be in the health industry because for other Aboriginal people you can help create a safe environment . ''
UNSW has stepped up its recruitment drive in the hope of getting more Indigenous high school students to study medicine .
There are now 49 students enrolled in the program .
Many of the Indigenous students will go on to work in regional communities .
Aboriginal graduate Murray Haar said he had chosen Albury in New South Wales to complete his internship .
`` It 's a degree where you have a career at the end where you can really make a difference , you can be a role model to other Aboriginal kids , '' he said .
`` It 's lots of hard work along the way but the best thing is do n't let anyone tell you ca n't do it because it 's absolutely possible for everyone who has the desire to do it . ''
The university said financial support was critical for Indigenous students who had moved away from their families to complete their degrees .
General manager of The Balnaves Foundation offered scholarships to some of the Aboriginal graduates to help them pay for living expenses .
`` Medicine is an extremely difficult degree , you do n't get much free time at all , there 's really not much time to do work outside of your degree , '' Mr Balnaves said .
It is estimated that about 300 Aboriginal students are enrolled in medicine degrees at various Australian universities .
Topics : indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander , doctors-and-medical-professionals , university-and-further-education , australia
First posted
The San Diego Chargers did the inevitable Monday , firing coach Norv Turner and general manager A.J . Smith .
The team has hired former Green Bay Packers GM Ron Wolf as a consultant and already started to target certain coaches . NFL Network 's Michael Lombardi reports the Chargers are interested in Indianapolis Colts offensive coordinator Bruce Arians . Colts coach Chuck Pagano supports the notion .
`` Interest in Bruce Arians ? If someone calls , he 's earned any phone call , '' Pagano said Monday , via Mike Chappel of The Indianapolis Star . `` Has earned that right . We do not want to lose Bruce Arians . ''
Pagano 's brother , John , was the defensive coordinator in San Diego this season , but his future obviously is uncertain now . Arian figures to get a few interviews around the league and will certainly have competition in San Diego .
We 've read reports that former Philadelphia Eagles coach Andy Reid was interested in the Chargers job , but all signs point toward it not being a fit for him . Kevin Acee of U-T San Diego reported that deposed Arizona Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt also is interested in the job .
The Chargers are an attractive job for a variety of reasons other than it 's in San Diego . Although San Diego is pretty sweet . Along with Jay Cutler in Chicago , Philip Rivers is the best established quarterback on a team looking for a coach .
Follow Gregg Rosenthal on Twitter @ greggrosenthal .
MUNICH — The United Arab Emirates has informed the United States that it plans to resume its participation in the American-led airstrikes against the Islamic State group , a senior State Department official said Friday .
One of the Arab allies in the military campaign against the militant group , the United Arab Emirates had suspended airstrikes because it was worried about the safety of its pilots .
It made that decision after the capture of a Jordanian pilot whom the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL , later burned to death . But the United States recently moved Black Hawk helicopters to Erbil in northern Iraq to improve its ability to rescue downed pilots .
United Arab Emirates officials “ affirmed their commitment to the coalition and suggested that there was going to be positive news on the flight issue within the next few days , ” the American official said .
Amanda Knox says she is 'afraid ' to appear in court ' I did n't kill Meredith , ' American student writes in email
( By Sandra Cordon ) ( ANSA ) - Florence , December 17 - Amanda Knox said Tuesday that she was `` afraid '' she would be wrongfully convicted if she attended the current trial into murder charges she and her ex-boyfriend face in the death of British student Meredith Kercher . `` I am not in the courtroom because I 'm afraid , '' Knox , who denies the charges , wrote in an email to the court from the United States , where she is a student . `` I fear that the vehemence of the accusations will ( influence ) you , '' she said in a lengthy message to the third trial into the murder in November 2007 of Kercher in Perugia . `` I am not afraid of your powers of discernment , but because the prosecution has succeeded already in convincing a court comprised of responsible and perceptive adults to convict innocent people , '' she wrote.The President of the Court of Assizes Alessandro Nencini , said that such an email message from an accused person was `` irregular '' and added that it would have been better if Knox had attended in person.In her message , Knox also said defended her relationship with Kercher , who had been her roommate , and suggested she would have had no reason to hurt the British student . `` I did n't kill Meredith , '' Knox said in her email . `` Meredith was my friend , '' she added . `` She was nice , she helped me , she was generous and funny.She never criticized '' .The Florence court is trying the case against Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , who has also said that he is not guilty of the accusations.Each has spent four years in prison , including custody before their first trial that convicted them of murder in 2009 . An appeal court overturned those convictions in 2011 and Knox returned to the United States.In March , Italy 's highest court sent the case back to the appeals stage over aspects of the evidence it argued had not been properly examined before.The supreme court ruled that the initial forensic evidence had been wrongly dismissed in the acquittal and a prosecution theory about a sex game that went wrong should be re-examined.Kercher , 21 , was found dead on the floor of an apartment she shared with Knox on November 2 , 2007.A third accused , Rudy Guede , was convicted in a fast-track trial and is serving a 16-year sentence in the murder , but Italy 's top appeal court said it was unlikely he acted alone.An Italian prosecutor has requested a 26-year prison term for Knox and Sollecito for the murder , plus a further four years for Knox for allegedly slandering bar owner Patrick Lumumba , whom she initially implicated during tough police questioning before later retracting , saying she had been confused . The new trial opened in Florence in September , and a decision is expected on January 10 . In her email , Knox said she accused Lumumba under pressure from the Italian police , who made her sign a false confession `` that made no sense and should not have been considered legitimate evidence '' .Knox added that she had been denied a lawyer during several days of interrogation in Italian , which at that time she did not really understand.Knox also denied she had had any disputes with Kercher , which had been one of the prosecution 's possible motive for the crime.In fact , one of Knox 's defense attorneys said the prosecution frequently changed its theory on possible motives for Kercher 's murder , calling that a `` weakness '' . `` It is absurd that Amanda ( Knox ) would join an ( act of ) aggression against a friend , '' said defense lawyer Carlo Dalla Vedova , adding that Knox had been a victim of `` judicial harassment '' .
From mullets , to bowl cuts , to peroxide blonde tips , it only takes a quick look back through the archives to see that Hawks players have tried it all .
After spotting Ty Vickery 's recent chop ( pictured above ) , we thought it was time to delve into our collections and resurrect some of the creative dos ( and don'ts ) from over the years .
Here we go…
Of the current crop of players , there 's one who 's hairdos stand out from the rest .
Pictured above : Josh Gibson , circa 2006 .
Luckily by the time 2010 rolled around , Gibbo had opted for a more mature look – both in hairstyle and in team colours .
Seven years and three premiership medallions later , we 'd say the shaved head is working out pretty well for Gibbo .
From fro to whoa . Gibbo-lution . # Gibbo200 A post shared by Hawthorn Football Club ( @ hawthornfc ) on Jun 3 , 2016 at 1:34am PDT
Another to have tested the waters , this time with some Marshall Mathers inspired blonde tips…
Yep , you guessed it . That 's our very own , triple-premiership captain .
Will the real Luke Hodge please stand up ?
And while this man 's hairdo has remained relatively similar , there 's one noticeable difference .
It was nice mo-ing ya !
Delving back a few years further , and you ca n't look past one Chance ‘ Changa ' Bateman and those dreadies .
Changa 's hairdo was arguably the difference between the Hawks and Cats on that wonderful September afternoon in '08 , and with the job complete , the locks departed shortly after .
And while we 're on the topic of epic hairdos , you just ca n't ignore the Hawks of the 80 's .
From left to right , we 've got Johnny Platten 's luscious curls , Jason Dunstall and Gary Ayres ' matching mullets , Dermie 's ‘ Goldilocks ' impersonation , and John Kennedy Jr sporting his big , bad mo .
And of course , there was one man who had the 'do and the mo to put the rest to shame .
Has there ever been better ?
Read : The Ghost of Glenferrie predicts
No One Was Prepared To Care For So Many Wounded In Mosul
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bulent Kilic /AFP/Getty Images Bulent Kilic /AFP/Getty Images
In a pink-painted village clinic converted into a field hospital a few miles from the Mosul front lines , there is no emergency care facility , so wounded Iraqi troops are just wheeled into the foyer for treatment .
Over the crackle of walkie-talkies , one of two men arriving with shrapnel wounds from a car bomb calls out , `` Mohammad Jassim , my brother , where is he ? ''
He is right here , a medic reassures him . Both men are confused and in pain but expected to survive . They are federal policemen , a national force playing a key role in the fight by Iraqi forces to take Mosul back from ISIS . More federal police casualties arrive in ambulances throughout the day .
The field hospital is one of several , along with front-line points for immediate treatment of the gravely wounded , set up after the months-long Mosul operation restarted on Feb. 19 .
ISIS is expected to lose Mosul . But its fighters are inflicting a terrible toll . The number of civilians and combatants killed and injured has far exceeded what was predicted , with hundreds of car bombs , land mines and booby traps adding to the danger .
The impact on the Iraqi armed forces has been colossal . Iraqi officials do not give figures , but American military officials have told reporters some divisions had casualty rates of 30 percent , without specifying whether the men were killed or injured .
Dr. Altaf Musani , the representative for the World Health Organization in Iraq , said in the first months of the offensive , many people died for lack of urgent care .
When a person is seriously wounded and in danger of bleeding to death , `` there 's really a window within minutes that someone should be stabilized , '' he said , speaking in the northern Iraqi city of Erbil .
Stabilization usually means stopping the heavy bleeding caused by bullet or shrapnel wounds and making sure patients can breathe on their own while they await more treatment .
Musani said typically in close vicinity to this kind of fighting , about 20 percent of the people in the area — civilians or fighters — sustain these kinds of wounds . But in Mosul that number has been much higher . Many civilians spoke of being deliberately targeted by ISIS as they left Mosul .
Once the patient is stabilized , Musani said there is `` a golden hour '' to get them more treatment — literally about 60 minutes . In the first months of the battle for Mosul , that deadline was rarely met .
Hospitals in and around the city were destroyed in the fighting and the nearest functioning medical facilities were hours away along bumpy roads .
Amid the uncertainty of war , WHO planned for mass displacement more than for mass casualties . `` It was n't anticipated that people would be stranded , caught inside East Mosul , '' he said . ISIS forbids anyone from leaving the city .
Now the World Health Organization , charities and Iraq 's health ministry have scrambled to move medics closer to the front lines to stabilize the wounded and then provide comprehensive treatment .
`` This is very difficult , '' he said . `` You need a certain level of medical expertise , equipment and mobility to be out in front lines in order to capture cases . ''
One organization , Samaritan 's Purse , opened a field hospital close to the east of Mosul in January in cooperation with the World Health Organization and Iraq 's health ministry . They have since treated hundreds of cases and have performed multiple surgeries on a daily basis .
Throughout the operation , troops from the U.S.-led coalition backing Iraqi forces have also helped on the front lines with emergency trauma care . Col. John Dorrian , the coalition 's spokesman in Baghdad , confirmed the accounts from Iraqi troops .
In the field hospital near Hammam al Alil , a federal policeman named Ali Qassem said U.S. forces patched him up after he was shot in the shoulder in a surprise attack by ISIS fighters on a group of his men .
`` We were with them 10 minutes before , '' he said . `` We took pictures with them and joked with them , and then 10 minutes later I was injured and they came quickly .
`` They were very close and very helpful . ''
Host Charity Nebbe talks with Christine Peters , Jeanne Safer , and Natalie Fixmer-Oraiz on this hour of Talk of Iowa .
This show originally aired on March 4 , 2016 .
Psychotherapist Jeanne Safer found the roots of her 1996 book , Beyond Motherhood : Choosing a Life Without Children , in her own life .
“ I became interested because I had to be interested . I really was struggling myself to make this decision . It took me five years to do it . I really worried about it , I thought about it , I did n't talk to many people about it because I did n't really know anybody who was going through it . ”
But once she started researching the book , she found she was n't alone in that struggle .
“ It 's a very complicated decision because most people just assume that they want to have children . And when you go against the grain , it takes a lot . About 15 % [ of people ] now , around 10 % when I made the decision , were doing something unusual . You were putting yourself outside of the norm , and that is a cause for anxiety . ”
Safer says the common thread between those who were childless by choice was the fear they would regret it later . But she asserts that the choice to be a parent is like any other choice—there are trade-offs .
`` Any decision you make , whether it 's to be a mother or not to be a mother , you 're losing certain things and that 's normal and healthy . Now , I do n't think most mothers have the level of freedom I do and I do n't have the intimacy with a child they do . I love the notion of choice because that 's what true feminism is . ''
And while her research focuses on mothers , men face some of the same issues with childlessness . But though Rocky , a caller from Cedar Rapids , says he 's also lobbied by his friends and family to have children , the questions circle back to the woman in the relationship .
`` One unusual thing about being a guy without kids and deciding not to have kids is that most of the time people think it 's the woman who ca n't have kids , not that I ca n't have kids . ''
In this edition of Talk of Iowa , host Charity Nebbe talks with Safer and Natalie Fixmer-Oraiz , Assistant Professor of Communication Studies at the University of Iowa , about the reasons behind , and social pressures surrounding , the choice to not have children . Christine Peters , an Iowa City resident who decided not to have children , also joins the conversation .
About Monday Sparkles
From Monday Sparkles : We are a tween subscription box company that brings Earth , love , and sparkle to the lives of tweens . Each box is curated to inspire girls to be great global citizens , learn the importance of self-love , gain confidence and be a part of a special community that celebrates this transformative stage . We want to bring positivity , fun , and eco-consciousness into the lives of as many tween girls as possible . We also want to teach our girls the value of giving back . Each subscription we will donate $ 1 to either a charity or a worthy organization . Our SparkleTribe will help decide to whom the donations go to . Preadolescence or the “ Tween Years ” can bring its own challenges and anxieties , and , unlike most of the phases of childhood before this , crucial elements of preadolescence are starkly different for boys and girls . It is here that anxieties , development , and self-esteem can take unwanted turns . Now enter social media and the ugly aspects of bullying , body image , and peer relationships can quickly spiral out of control . But it does n't have to be this way . We want to reinforce the positive and help girls across the country celebrate this special time in their lives…One box at a time .
Coupon Code : enter the code PINK on the link above to sign up at 10 % off
Monday Sparkles Review
Monday Sparkles Review
* * Update on Nov 30th – I just spoke with the owners and all their boxes do come with a content card and instructions , mine was just missing and they said it is easy to e-mail that over . So that is great ! What I thought were drop clothes in the video are actually pillow cases to decorate for the Slumber Party…is n't that soooo cute ! Great idea . I do have to say I am disappointment in the customer service experience with them . I expected a quick and easy “ we forgot the instructions , sorry about that e-mail ” but I walked away feeling scolded 🙁 Their 1st box I received was just a bunch of cute stuff , no real instructions needed so I was expecting the same thing with this box when clearly this one was more curated and precise and needed that card to clear things up . Once I have the instructions we will complete the projects and let you know how they do . Watch Instagram for photos .
Original Post – I have to say I think this subscription is so so so cute ! Perfect for teens and tweens ! I fact , a couple of these items I plan on keeping for myself they are so cute . I think this is a great value in that you get a lot of stuff and all great , quality items . The theme is Slumber Party and this is the Winter Box ! In this box we received a variety of things : a tube full of Truth or Dares , 3 planters pots , a bag of soil , 3 Annies Organic Chewy Chocolate Chip bars , 3 Trader 's Joes Organic Suckers , a bag full of markers , Bizzie Hippie DIY Lemon Lippie Kit , 2 slumber party invites , 3 sets of stickers , the BYOU magazine and 3 Pillow cases ( which in the video I thought were drop cloths ) . Everything looks so neat ! What I do n't like , there is no content break out to ensure I have everything and there are no instructions on what to do with everything . From what I can see there is 1 item for the party thrower and 2 items for 2 guests . In our house it will be 1 item for mom and 2 items for kids to complete 🙂 Check out the following :
PORTLAND , Ore. - There 's another Sunday Parkways happening this weekend - this time in Southeast Portland .
Sunday Parkways is where the city shuts down a few roads so bicyclists and pedestrians can have a car-free day . The idea started back in 2008 with the goal of getting people active in their communities and thinking about alternative ways to get around town .
The nine-mile Southeast Sunday Parkways route will offer all the usual fixings and entertainment that make Sunday Parkways one of Portland 's most popular summer events . Music , vendors , Zumba and yoga classes will be available in the parks along the route . The event will run from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m .
The route will also highlight recently completed city improvements to neighborhood streets and there will be a 'play station ' at the Universal Cycles activity center on Southeast Ankeny and 22nd Avenue . Kids of all ages will get a chance to play on a snow plow , a two-person patch truck and a sewer cleaning and inspection van and `` sewer-cam '' that lets people peek into the hidden world of Portland 's underground sewers .
`` It 's grossly fun , '' said Suzanne Kahn , who manages the Transportation Bureau 's maintenance group .
Above ground , the route highlights other city and neighborhood innovations . The City of Portland 's Bureau of Planning and Sustainability is featuring six `` Green Spots , '' or properties that showcase techniques for a healthy connected neighborhood from solar energy to food gardens . http : //www.portlandoregon.gov/bps/index.cfm ? & a=456372
`` As west coast cities like Portland continue to grow and develop , 'green spots ' like these are essential investments to create more vibrant and livable neighborhoods , '' said Alisa Kane , BPS green building program manager .
The route also includes the Southeast Ankeny and Lincoln 'green streets ' where the Bureau of Environmental Services installed bioswales , which are planted areas that both beautify the street and filter stormwater . Participants will also travel along 52nd Avenue , a stretch of pavement recently coated with 'fog seal , ' a technique that the Transportation Bureau began applying this year to neighborhood streets to extend the life of pavement at a cost savings over traditional techniques .
The Southeast Portland route connects Colonel Summers Park , Laurelhurst Park , Mt . Tabor Park , Ivon Park and Universal Cycles activity area . Participants will also travel along four neighborhood greenways - Ankeny , Clinton , Lincoln and Salmon streets - which are quiet neighborhood streets that are designed bicycle routes and offer people a less trafficked route than nearby arterial streets .
Brendan Fraser has been cast in FX 's anthology series “ Trust , ” Variety has learned exclusively .
Fraser joins in a leading role and will star opposite A-listers Donald Sutherland and Hilary Swank . The drama hails from the Academy Award-winning team of Danny Boyle , Simon Beaufoy and Christian Colson .
The first 10-episode installment of “ Trust ” tells the story of John Paul Getty III , heir to the Getty oil fortune , and is set in 1973 when the young Getty is kidnapped in Rome and his mafia captors are banking on a multi-million dollar ransom . The series is described as being equal parts family history , dynastic saga and examination of the corrosive power of money .
Fraser will play J. Paul Getty 's private investigator , James Fletcher Chace , who is eccentric , but is a master fixer who hails from Texas .
Sutherland will star as J. Paul Getty , the great oil man and founder of the Getty family dynasty ; Swank will portray J. Paul Getty III 's mother , Gail Getty ; and Harris Dickinson will play kidnap victim , J. Paul Getty III .
Fraser is gearing up to juggle multiple projects this summer . In addition to “ Trust , ” he is also a series regular on AT & T Audience Network 's series “ Condor ” from MGM Television and Skydance TV , in which he 'll star alongside Max Irons and Mira Sorvino . Fraser is currently filming “ Condor ” in Toronto , and will be back-and-forth in the coming months from that set to London and Rome where “ Trust ” is shooting . The FX series heads into production overseas in June .
Related Hilary Swank Joins Danny Boyle 's FX Limited Series ‘ Trust ' ( EXCLUSIVE )
Most recently , Fraser appeared in another premium cable series with Showtime 's “ The Affair. ” Other recent projects include “ The Field ” and “ Texas Rising. ” The actor is most well-known for his role in the “ Mummy ” franchise , plus other films including “ GI Joe : The Rise of the Cobra , ” “ Crash , ” “ George of the Jungle ” and “ Bedazzled . ”
“ Trust ” is written by Beaufoy and will be directed by Boyle . Both serve as executive producers with Colson . FX Productions , Cloud Eight Films , Decibel Films and Snicket Films Limited are behind the project .
Fraser is repped by Gersh , Brillstein Entertainment and Felker Toczek Suddleson Abramson .
Justin Kroll contributed to this report .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Oakland Raiders have become a team that many players and coaches would love to join . A few years back , the Silver And Black was seen as a team where old players went to go retire . This perspective has changed thanks to General Manager Reggie McKenzie and Head Coach Jack Del Rio .
The Silver and Black had a very successful season in 2016 and also made the playoffs . The Raiders had not made the playoffs since 2002 . A lot of the new players on the squad are credited for the huge turn around as well , such as quarterback Derek Carr , defensive player Khalil Mack , rookie receiver Amari Cooper and many more .
Many can not say that the 2016 was a fluke as many of the players that thrived for the Raiders this last season had success the season prior .
Advertisement
In 2015 , the Raiders were not nearly as good as they were last year , but Oakland was already showing signs that the uphill climb was getting done . Now , the Raiders are back to their old ways of winning .
The latest news with running back Adrian Peterson
One of the best running backs in the league , Adrian Peterson , is going to be a free agent in about a week , and he has expressed that playing for the Raiders would not be a bad idea . Peterson expressed his feelings with ESPN as playing for the Silver and Black as an “ intriguing option ” .
News has it that Peterson will cost a lot of money , around $ 18 million , and the Raiders are one of the few teams that could afford him . Now , the Raiders have options with the running game , as they have rookie DeAndre Washington , who had a superb first year in 2016 , and also have Jalen Richard , who ran in a very successful committee with Washington and Latavius Murray last season .
Advertisement
Top Videos of the Day
The other option the Raiders have is keeping their main running back Latavius Murray . However , Murray might opt to go play with another team , simply chasing the big bucks . Now , will the Raiders pay to keep Murray or pay even more to get one of the best in the league , Adrian Peterson ? Many are eager to see what will happen to both running backs .
Jack Del Rio 's reaction
In the end , the Oakland Raiders have become a team that many want to join . Coach Jack Del Rio is happy to hear that Peterson finds the Raiders as an “ intriguing option ” . Del Rio has also mentioned in reports that he is happy to hear that players and coaches around the league see Oakland as “ a good place to be ” . He feels good that things have turned around for the Raiders compared to three years ago when many did not want to come to Oakland to work or play .
When there is a will to migrate , there is often a wall to stop it . After increasing numbers of migrants tried to breach Spain 's enclaves in northern Africa in the 90s , the Spanish built a fence to block their path . Last year Bulgaria built another on its border with Turkey . And this summer , Hungary has followed suit – starting work on a fence that will supposedly separate it from Serbia , its southern neighbour .
Migrants on Hungary 's border fence : 'This wall , we will not accept it ' Read more
But where there is a wall , there is most often a way to get around it . Spain did not stop at just the one fence . It was forced to build a second – and then a third . Only then did the fence begin to keep people out in the way its builders had initially hoped . And even after that , migration to Europe was simply achieved through other routes – first through Libya , and now via Turkey .
The new fences at Calais already seem to constitute a similarly futile game . It is widely reported that while attempts to breach Calais 's defences have decreased , migrants are attempting to reach England from other ports including Dunkirk in France , and others in Belgium and Holland . The British government enjoys using the language of floods and swarms to describe the situation , so they will eventually appreciate that when a river bursts its banks , there is only so much water that the levee can hold back .
Bulgaria 's fence has had a similarly limited effect . Today , if you head to the Balkans , you 'll meet plenty of mainly Afghan migrants walking north to Scandinavia , having successfully crossed the Turkish-Bulgarian border .
The wall simply constitutes a mental blockage , rather than a physical one
It seems naive to expect a different fate to befall Hungary 's wall , the site of which those same migrants will shortly reach . At its most effective ( from a Hungarian point of view ) , the thousands of migrants heading up from Greece and Bulgaria will simply make their way through Croatia or another neighbouring country . At its most pointless , the wall simply acts as a public relations exercise aimed at the Hungarian public , rather than at foreigners .
That certainly seems to be its current role . The latest reports suggest that very little of the fence has actually been built – and that nothing is yet blocking the well-known crossing points . As a result the wall simply constitutes a mental blockage , rather than a physical one . It creates the illusion for a domestic audience that something is being done about migration , even when it is n't – and even when it ca n't . It maintains the logical fallacy that a migration crisis of this magnitude can be ended with short-term measures like fences – even when the forces that are driving people towards such obstacles are far more frightening than a fence will ever be .
As I write this , I am watching pick-up truck after pick-up truck drive hundreds of migrants along one of the two main people-smuggling routes through the Sahara into Libya . Almost none of the people braving this trek will enter the EU via Hungary . But most of them may land in Italy , and only a few of them may later reach the new fences at Calais . It is inconceivable that a slender fence will stop people who will soon cross the Mediterranean , and the Libyan civil war . Not to mention this three-day slog through the Sahara , which has killed hundreds if not thousands in recent years . And which some believe is more dangerous than the sea itself .
Starfinder is a new science fantasy role-playing game from Paizo , creators of Pathfinder , and it 's about to blow your mind . The first bimonthly adventure path for the game is Dead Suns , and it 's first adventure , Incident at Absalom Station is a great introduction to what Starfinder is going to be .
We here at Geek & Sundry have been lucky enough to get a sneak peek into both Starfinder and Dead Suns . It is our happy duty to tell all the eager and yearning gamers of the world that both are tremendously awesome . Why ?
The Starfinder rules set successfully translates the Pathfinder system into a science fantasy setting . Been playing Pathfinder for years ? Slain liches ? Gotten dragon-meat stuck in your teeth ? Well guess what ? Learn a few new rules , and you 'll spend the next decade piloting ships between stars , avoiding assassins , and even becoming a stone cold interstellar celebrity .
Incident at Absalom Station was written by an RPG superstar who writes game like Shakespeare wrote plays , Robert McCreary . On writing the first adventure for Starfinder ‘ s first adventure path , McCreary said , “ It was challenging at times , since I had to do a lot of the writing before all of the Starfinder rules were finalized , but I 'm really happy with the end result , and I hope the fans will be too ! ”
The Dead Suns adventure path starts out with Incident at Absalom Station . The players arrive at Absalom Station , a massive space station which occupies the orbit where a planet named Golarion used to be . Players disembark at Docking Bay 94 into the middle of a gang war . After some investigating , they discover the fighting came about because a derelict vessel , the Acreon , drifted back to the station with all hands aboard dead , but dragging behind it a massive hunk of rock . The ship has been quarantined , along with the rock . Yet a corporation , a collective , and a few other groups with even more secret agendas , are all vying for control of the Acreon and its rocky cargo . Who best to investigate the death ship and mysterious rock ? Why the players of course !
Writing a good first level adventure may be one of the most difficult lifts in all role-playing . A good first level adventure should be easy enough for new players to successfully run it , while at the same time offering something new for players who 've been gaming since the Carter administration . Absalom succeeds on both fronts .
This first adventure may justly be described as “ Pathfinder in Spaaaaaaaace ! ! ! ! ! ” which I mean as a compliment . There is combat , investigation , exploration , and spaceships . For just one specific example of the brilliance of the translation of Pathfinder to a science fantasy setting , let us look at the space goblins .
That 's right . There are space goblins .
Goblins have long been the trademark monster of the Pathfinder setting . Suicidal , pyromaniacal , and devoted to wanton destruction even at the cost of life and limb , Pathfinder 's take on the goblin showed a low-level opponent could be more than just a grind on the way to 2nd level . Pathfinder goblins have character — as do space goblins .
Robert McCreary said adapting goblins to Starfinder was “ Simple—just give them bubble helmets and junk lasers and push 'em out the airlock ! Really , it was more a matter of adapting them to the science fantasy setting of Starfinder . In Pathfinder , goblins love fire and their weapons can break in combat , so in Starfinder , we gave space goblins lasers that may blow up in their faces ! In Incident at Absalom Station , it was simply a question of how they got to here they are in the adventure . I do n't want to give away any spoilers , but suffice to say that the goblins engaged in some very gobliny shenanigans to get where they needed to be . ”
So strap on a laser , get on your ship , and make way for Absalom Station , because there is work to be had out there in the great dark .
Why do you enjoy science fantasy settings ? Let us know in the comments below !
Feature image courtesy : Paizo Publishing
All other images courtesy : Paizo Publishing
Ben Riggs speaks five languages and has lived in four countries on three continents , but still manages to lose his keys in the bathroom . A friend to man , animal , and werewolf alike , you can discover more of Ben 's thoughts on game , the universe , and everything on Twitter , or on the Plot Points podcast . He is also the liberal voice on Across the Aisle , a podcast where a liberal and conservative work together to solve the 21st century 's problems .
Ford Mustang is clearly one of the most popular cars in the world and the American carmaker finally answered the prayers of us Indian enthusiasts last year by launching the 2016 Mustang GT in India . In fact , less than a month into its launch , Ford India exhausted the 100 units of Mustang GT allocated for India for 2016 . Among the many fans that the iconic pony car has in India is popular Tamil film actor and Rajinikanth 's son-in-law Dhanush , who recently took the delivery of a spanking new black Mustang GT .
While the actor or the carmaker has n't revealed much about his latest purchase , the image of him taking the delivery of the car has now surfaced online on one one of his fan pages . Now , Dhanush is not the first India celebrity to get his hands on the new Ford Mustang GT since its launch . Last year movie director Rohit Shetty got himself a customised Ford Mustang GT , modified by popular design company - Daljit Auto Design ( D.A.D. ) . His customised Ford Mustang came in the special shade of Hexis Matte Blue , as described by the design firm , and was equipped aftermarket Cervini bonnet , an RTR grille with integrated DRLs , Roush side scoops and rear spoiler and Niche 20-inch wheels apart from the Borla Atak exhaust system , among other modification .
Ford Mustang 83.71 Lakh * On Road Price ( New Delhi ) FIND OUT MORE
# Dhanush Anna received new # Ford # Mustang 🚗 car😍😍 A photo posted by 💕 Dhanush Team Instagram 💕 ( @ dhanush.team ) on Jan 1 , 2017 at 6:23pm PST
In fact , the love for performance sports cars is not new among Indian movie celebrities . Years before the launch of the Ford Mustang in India , actor Saif Ali Khan had imported a Mustang which was specially converted to right-hand-drive ( RHD ) in Dubai before arriving in the country . On the other hand , actor John Abraham is more inclined towards Japanese machines , who took the delivery of his all-new Nissan GT-R on the same day when the car went on sale in India , on 2nd December 2016 .
Dhanush 's New Ford Mustang
Ford India first unveiled the Mustang GT in the country right before the 2016 Auto Expo , promising a launch in the second half of 2016 and was Ford show-stopper at the expo . Staying true to its word the American carmaker has finally launched the car in India in July 2016 . The new generation Ford Mustang GT retains its brawny looks along with the All-American Muscle styling . In fact , the new-gen Ford Mustang GT won the NDTV Performance or Sports Car of the Year 2017 .
The India-spec Ford Mustang comes in its top-spec avatar powered by a 5.0-litre V8 under the hood . The V8 features larger intake and exhaust valves , revised intake and exhaust camshafts among several other features to ensure maximum power generation . That said Ford has detuned the engine for the Indian market , which currently produces 390bhp and develops 515Nm of peak torque . The V8 comes mated to a 6-Speed automatic gearbox with paddle shifters . Ford offers the new Mustang GT with four different driving modes - Norman , Sport+ , Track , and Snow/Wet modes . Each mode delivering power output as per its requirement .
For the latest auto news and reviews , follow CarAndBike on Twitter , Facebook , and subscribe to our YouTube channel .
Sometimes a unique design is n't enough to make a product a hit , but then it makes an appearance in a major motion picture and suddenly everyone wants one . Let 's call it the DeLorean BTTF effect , and that 's exactly what happened with the Seiko Giugiaro 7A28-7000 once Ripley wore it in Aliens .
Advertisement
That 's not to say the chronograph was a failure before James Cameron chose it ( and a handful of other Seikos ) for his characters to wear in his 1986 fantasy sci-fi classic Aliens . The watchmaker had actually brought on Italian car designer Giorgetto Giugiaroto to design the timepiece , which features a unique panel sticking out on one side where you 'll find a pair of generously-sized chronograph buttons .
A collectible is always more interesting with a story behind it , and once moviegoers saw what a badass character Sigourney Weaver 's Ellen Ripley was , of course they 'd want to own the same watch she wore in the film . It also did n't hurt that the Seiko 7A28-7000 looked like it was a film prop specifically designed for a gritty future that had n't quite arrived yet .
Advertisement
The original version of the Seiko 7A28-7000 , released back in 1983 , is n't terribly hard to find these days . They pop up on eBay for around a grand , but rarely in perfect condition . So if you 're happy to settle with a remarkably close facsimile , Seiko has just announced two re-issue versions of the watch : the Seiko X Giugiaro Design Spirit Smart SCED035 and SCED037 , available in gray or black housings .
Advertisement
The most notable difference between the original 7A28-7000 and the new SCED035 ( the gray model ) is that it 's missing the crown and extra button on the left side of its case . It gives the watch a slightly sleeker look , and helps Seiko differentiate the re-issue from the original . Collectors who want the exact same watch Ripley wore probably wo n't be satisfied with that change , but the re-issues will sell for around just $ 260 and $ 290 .
So if you 're willing to compromise , you 'll save yourself a few bucks on a classic timepiece and a classic piece of sci-fi tech .
[ Seiko via aBlogtoWatch ]
Schalke chief Horst Heldt insists that Arsenal target Julian Draxler is staying with the club for the rest of the season and 'probably ' beyond .
Arsenal have been looking into sealing a move for the highly-rated German international .
But whilst the Gunners are continuing to pursue him , Schalke have insisted that he will be staying put .
`` I am very sure that Julian will play in the second half for us - and probably beyond , '' sporting director Heldt said on Thursday .
Schalke sporting director Horst Heldt says Julian Draxler will not be joining Arsenal before the close of the transfer window .
`` We are not interested in letting Julian go and he has also not come to us with the wish to leave the club .
`` Of course , there is always interest in him and if someone was to come and make a serious offer for him , then we would have to deal with that professionally .
`` That applies not only for Julian , but for any other player . ''
Deadline Day The clock is ticking to the closure of the January Transfer Window . Find out how Sky Sports will bring you unrivalled coverage of the drama of Deadline Day . Not a Sky Sports subscriber ? Watch Transfer Deadline Day on Sky Sports News with a Sky Sports Day Pass from NOW TV .
Heldt has long insisted that Draxler will be staying , despite the player having a release clause of £37million .
Despite the news , Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger insists they remain active in the January transfer window , telling Arsenal Player : `` Are we active ? Yes . Are we close to signing anybody ? No . There is not long now , that is true .
`` First , the situation was going like always in a transfer market - week by week . In the last two weeks it goes day by day , now it goes hour by hour .
`` In any hour , anything can happen or change , but at the moment , unfortunately , we are not signing anybody . ''
Flexible Payment Rails
PayStand gives you multiple payment options in the same checkout -- eCheck & ACH , Debit & Credit cards . Steer customers to your preferred payment method with our dynamic discounting engine .
Key Data Integrations
Your transaction data should n't be siloed . Connect every payment to all of your critical business tools : ERP , eCommerce , mail , CRM , and accounting systems . And of course , all of this data can be downloaded in CSV format .
Branded Experience
You 've worked hard to establish your unique brand , and your payment system should n't interfere with that . PayStand offers several levels of custom branding within interfaces , from embedding your logo on the checkout window and receipts , to a full white-label integration .
Rich Developer API
PayStand provides a rich , flexible , and restful API to integrate a fully functional payment layer in your product or platform . We support implementations from high growth startups to enterprise OEM partnerships .
Full Access to Customer Data
Your payment processor should n't stand in between you and your customers . Discover who your best customers are , their payment history , and harness complete contact information from our APIs to link to your CRM .
Quick Payment Buttons
Easily drop-in payment buttons on your web site , emails , or invoices for a seamless , embedded payment experience—without any major coding . Payment amounts can be set in advance or alternatively , customers can fill in the amount .
Automated Settlement
With PayStand 's automated withdrawal feature , your bank account will be credited on a regular schedule with your revenue streams as frequently as every 24 hours .
What 's next for the Longhorns ? Make sure you 're in the loop by signing up for our FREE Texas newsletter !
Texas cornerbacks coach Jason Washington has been making waves on the recruiting trail this cycle .
An integral part of UT 's relentless staff , Washington is the primary recruiter for elite defensive backs Caden Sterns , Jalen Green and D'shawn Jamison , the most recent piece of the Horns ' No . 2 ranked recruiting class .
So it 's no surprise that Washington is in the running for National Recruiter of the Year powered by 247Sports Composite . Washington is currently No . 11 on the list but should move up before National Signing Day in February .
After all , Washington has the highest average ranking per recruit landed out of any coach in the Top 25 , is No . 1 in the Big 12 and has helped move the Longhorns into a prime position with five-star cornerback Anthony Cook , who is set to make his decision on Oct. 30 .
“ I do n't know how he does it , man , ” Sterns said . “ But he keeps it real . That 's what kids want along with his excitement and the way he approaches his job every day . ”
Washington was instrumental in flipping Sterns from SEC power LSU . Washington recruits the San Antonio-area and built a strong bond with Sterns and his family . After getting him on campus , Texas was able to pry him away .
Relationships are something that Washington prides himself in . And it 's a big reason why Green jumped on board . LSU and Texas A & M were considered early favorites , but Washington simply kept chipping away with his bulldog mentality in the offseason .
“ We have a very good relationship , '' Green said . “ I call him every day just to see how he 's doing . He checks up on me every day . He checks up on my family , too . ”
While being relatable is always appealing , Washington has a tremendous resume of developing prospects and helping them get to the NFL — William Jackson ( Bengals ) , Brandon Wilson ( Bengals ) , Howard Wilson ( Browns ) , Phillip Gaines ( Chiefs ) , Bryce Callahan ( Chargers ) , Craig Mager ( Chargers ) and Darryl Morris ( Colts ) .
All of Washington 's NFL products were three-star recruits or lower , including a couple of unranked players . With the talent he is bringing in at Texas , Washington can help craft the Texas secondary into something truly special and really bring back the 'DBU ' moniker .
“ Coach Washington is a really good coach , ” Jamison said . “ He broke down film and showed me that I can play anywhere in the secondary . I think he can really help me grow as a player . ”
With an excellent blend of relationship building skills and development on the field , Washington has the potential to rise as one of college football 's top assistants .
Along with Washington , Texas has three other coaches in the Top 25 rankings in safeties coach Craig Naivar , wide receivers coach Drew Mehringer and tight ends coach Corby Meekins .
The Customer Is Always Right
The Amount Of Evil
Fear Of Safety
In Conclusion
OAKVILLE - Halton police have released an individual taken into custody following a Tuesday evening sexual assault near Sheridan College .
Police said they are confident the man initially taken in for questioning is not responsible for the assault .
They are now asking for the public 's help to find the culprit .
The incident took place at around 6 p.m. when a man sexually assaulted a woman as she walked along a wooded path near the college 's Trafalgar Road campus .
Related Content Person in police custody following Oakville sexual assault
During the assault , the victim bit her attacker and there is a strong possibility the suspect suffered an injury consistent with a bite mark to one of his hands .
Four people came upon the scene and chased the suspect away .
Police had appealed for these witnesses to come forward . The males have since been identified and are cooperating , say police .
Investigators believe the person involved in this assault may also be responsible for similar attacks , which occurred in August and October in the same location .
The suspect is described as 5-foot-4 to 5-foot-6 with a slim or medium build .
He wore a dark-coloured jacket that had a hood lined with light-coloured material . He wore something dark over his face .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A Moscow laboratory used for doping tests has stopped operating after its accreditation was suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) , the head of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency , Nikita Kamaev , said on Tuesday .
A man walks outside an office of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency ( RUSADA ) in Moscow , Russia , November 10 , 2015 . REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Kamaev , responding to allegations of widespread doping among Russian athletes , urged commentators to distinguish between the laboratory and Russia 's anti-doping agency , which he said was acting “ in full compliance with the demands of the WADA codex ” .
His comments are the latest in a string of defensive remarks by Russian officials , following a hard-hitting report commissioned by WADA which alleged widespread doping by Russian athletes and official collusion in a cover-up .
Earlier , the Kremlin 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov , described the allegations as “ quite groundless ” .
The same laboratory processed tests for at least 20 other sports besides athletics , suggesting the alleged drug cheating could be widespread .
Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said the laboratory 's head , Grigory Rodchenkov , has resigned . “ Rodchenkov , an experienced man , took the decision to resign to take all the negativity with him , ” Tass news agency quoted Mutko as saying .
Kamaev said there were question marks about the credibility of the sources used in the WADA report because they included sports people who had themselves failed doping tests .
“ When the words of a sportsman who has broken the rules several times , and has already been disqualified , carry more weight than ours , then questions arise , ” he said .
He said Russia was working to clean up sport , emphasising the broadly efficient activity of the agency he heads .
“ There are problems , but … the objective facts , based on statistics , show that the Russian Anti-Doping Agency … is quite effective , ” he said .
“ The agency takes the highest number of sanctions against transgressors in the world . ”
The Russian Defense Ministry announced today that they have deployed military police to Syria 's two southernmost Syrian safe zones , setting up checkpoints and observation posts around the outskirts of the southwest zone , as well as the one near Eastern Ghouta .
The southwestern safe zone is covered by the ceasefire negotiated between the US and Russia weeks ago , and a deal was reached with US and Jordanian officials earlier this month on the specific boundaries of the zone , and allowing the monitors in .
Eastern Ghouta is just outside of the Syrian capital of Damascus , and is itself subject to a new ceasefire , announced just yesterday . This smaller zone divides Syrian government territory and part of the rebel areas .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov was upbeat about the deals , saying that the safe zones are getting some of the first real results that 've been achieved in the entire Syrian conflict . He said this showed the US and Russia could cooperate within Syria .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
- There were a lot of smiles at Oakland 's McClymonds High School Monday . The football team won the state championship for the second year in a row last Saturday , going undefeated in the process .
The players carried the two trophies through the school to prove it .
`` It feels good to bring something positive to the school , '' said senior Dwayne Washington , a defensive tackle .
The McClymonds Warriors won the division 5-AA championship defeating Golden West High from Visalia by a score of 42-12 .
The win capped a perfect 14-0 record and sealed the second straight state championship . No Oakland public high school has ever done that before .
Not bad for a school with less than 400 students .
`` Everybody thought last year was just like a fluke . It was n't supposed to happen . And we came back this year and did it again , '' said senior quarterback Emoreea Fountain
`` It 's the best thing i ever did in my life . I never knew I had it in me . I always thought football was n't for me . But I found my talent , '' said kicker Usama Alomaisi .
The championships are especially rewarding when you consider what many of these student athletes have had to overcome , growing up on the rough streets of West Oakland .
`` Lot of violence . Poverty . Lot of homeless . Housing problems . There 's a lot stuff going on in this community and we 've managed to overcome that , '' said Washington .
`` You hear all the bad things about West Oakland . But the last few years there have been great things coming out of West Oakland . So we 're on the other side of the fence right now , '' said coach Mike Peters .
After last year 's championship Oakland threw the team a parade .
A double decker bus rolled past all the neighborhood middle schools , to send younger students a message .
`` A lot of kids in this area do n't come to McClymonds . Now they have a reason to come , '' said Peters .
Plans for another parade next month are already in the works ..
The family of Michael Flynn this week reignited an ongoing national conversation about the power of presidential pardons , by urging President Donald Trump to clear the former national security adviser 's name .
“ About time you pardon General Flynn who has taken the biggest fall given the illegitimacy of his confessed crime in the wake of all this corruption , ” the retired lieutenant general 's brother , Joseph , said on Twitter .
The White House offered no official response to the social media exhortation , but Trump has confidently asserted his authority in this arena , tweeting in July that “ all agree the U.S. President has the complete power to pardon . ”
Presidential pardon power is indeed extensive , but any move Trump took to absolve associates under investigation for aiding Russia 's interference in the 2016 election could come at a steep political—and even legal—cost for the embattled President .
TPM surveyed legal experts about the limits of this power , and how Special Counsel Robert Mueller can work around it .
Presidential pardon power “ fairly absolute ”
Legal scholars agree that the U.S. president has “ fairly absolute ” authority to pardon any other U.S. citizen for any federal crime , Fordham University law professor Jed Shugerman said in a phone interview .
“ Obviously what he ca n't do is take office and say , ‘ I pardon everyone in advance for this crime I 'm about to run from out of the Oval Office , ' ” Duke University law professor Lisa Griffin said . “ So you can pardon anyone from the time that the offense has been committed . There do not have to be charges pending ; there certainly does not have to be a conviction . ”
One frequently cited historical precedent is Gerald Ford 's full 1974 pardon of his predecessor Richard Nixon for any crimes committed during his time as president .
There are important exceptions and unsettled areas of the law that come into play with the Russia probe , however .
According to Griffin , extant Justice Department memoranda from previous administrations have bolstered a key conclusion of most legal scholars and commentators : the President can not preemptively pardon himself before leaving office .
Then there is the problematic exercise of executive clemency to impede an investigation , a “ corrupt intent ” which Shugerman said could make the President “ liable for obstruction of justice charges . ”
Griffin noted that if Trump suddenly pardoned an associate like Flynn , who has acknowledged that he is cooperating with the special counsel , “ he runs the risk of appearing to try to influence , intimidate or curry favor—or any of the above—with a witness , and that might constitute impeding , interference or obstruction . ”
Mueller has assigned career government attorney Michael Dreeben to research the limits of executive clemency , according to Bloomberg .
POTUS has no influence over state charges
The most significant workaround for law enforcement is the President 's inability to pardon individuals found guilty of state crimes .
“ That 's the linchpin of all of this , ” Shugerman told TPM . “ [ Mueller 's strategy ] seems to be to make sure the indictments he brings and the guilty pleas he obtains preserve for state prosecutors the backup plan against pardons . ”
Information gleaned from proffer agreements or possible grand jury testimonies provided by cooperating witnesses like Flynn or former campaign aide George Papadopolous wo n't be affected by executive pardons , noted Mark Osler , a a former federal prosecutor who now serves as a clemency expert at the University of St. Thomas Law School .
Parallel local probes are already underway in New York , where Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance are investigating indicted former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort 's financial and real estate dealings .
Analogue charges for federal crimes such as money laundering exist on the local level in every jurisdiction , Griffin noted . New York would be the likeliest legal battleground if Trump preemptively pardoned individuals like his son-in-law Jared Kushner or son Donald Trump Jr. , since his campaign was run out of the Trump Organization 's Manhattan offices .
White House insists it 's not focused on pardons
According to Trump administration officials , pardons are the last thing on their mind .
After Trump in mid-December offered a vague “ let 's see ” to reporters asking if he planned to pardon Flynn , White House special counsel Ty Cobb played cleanup , saying “ there is no consideration being given ” to that matter .
“ I think before we start discussing pardons for individuals we should see what happens in specific cases , too , ” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said at a recent press briefing .
This delay is strategic , Griffin argued , adding that she believes the President will eventually make “ very aggressive use ” of his pardon power .
“ I think it 's likely to come in the later stages of the Mueller investigation so as to preserve as many options as possible along the way , ” she said .
Trump has already circumvented regular DOJ processes
There is plenty of precedent for President Trump acting unilaterally in a way that leaves his Justice Department scrambling . Previous administrations have carefully conferred with the Department of Justice 's Pardon Attorney , but in this as in so much else , Trump prefers to act alone and let the rest of the government mop up later .
Consider Trump 's harsh criticism of his own Attorney General Jeff Sessions a few months into his presidency , or the way he handled the pardon of Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio , whose flagrant misconduct was the butt of dark jokes for years before his conviction .
At first , Trump reportedly asked Sessions to abandon the case against Arpaio , which Sessions declined to do . The President then declared that Arpaio 's conviction , for disregarding a court order to stop patrols he 'd ordered to track down undocumented immigrants , must be completely erased , even though Arpaio had bragged about disregarding the order . A legal wrangle has ensued .
If Trump cares enough about Flynn—or what Flynn might say—to force the Mueller probe to drop the case against him , the move might be unprecedented , but would not be out of line with the chaotic first year of his presidency . As far as Trump is concerned , the main risk of an unprecedented pardon would be to his popularity—his already-low approval ratings remain a festering sore spot .
Osler , the clemency expert , told TPM that the kind of “ jump-the-line stuff ” that occurred with Arpaio 's case “ is highly unusual ” and unfair to those who pursue standard petitions for executive clemency .
But Osler noted that Ford 's pardon of Nixon and Bill Clinton 's pardon of fugitive financier Mark Rich “ happened at great cost to those presidents ” and became a “ negative part of their lasting legacy . ”
Smears of DOJ and FBI help clear path for future pardons
Meanwhile , the administration and its GOP allies continue to seek weak spots in the DOJ investigation itself , sometimes with help from allies within the Justice Department , where deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe is said to be planning on an abrupt retirement as soon as he qualifies
Consider the Republican emphasis on the role of Peter Strzok , who was removed from the investigation for using his company phone to send uncensored text messages discussing his distaste for then-candidate Trump . Months after his removal , news of the texts broke through a private DOJ briefing to reporters , which the department said was not authorized by its press office .
Trump taunted McCabe on Twitter with hints of a firing before he qualifies for his full pension :
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits . 90 days to go ? ! ! ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 23 , 2017
Then there is the emphasis from team Trump on the Steele Dossier ( “ the Dodgy Dossier , ” as Carter Page and others insist on calling it ) , a raw intelligence report that is unlikely to prove more than incidental to any serious legal proceedings against the president or his allies . The dossier contains lots of quid but no quo ; it was also commissioned by the Clinton campaign ( which picked up the initial anti-Trump research contract at Steele 's employer , Fusion GPS , from right-wing billionaire Paul Singer 's mouthpiece , The Washington Free Beacon ) , a fact which remained a secret until late this year . As always , Trump and his allies both in office and in the conservative media world leapt at the opportunity to criticize Trump 's onetime electoral opponent , despite the conservative media world hiring Fusion in the first place .
If the Trump camp can discredit the probe , the president could make the act of firing people who could potentially prosecute him seem more reasonable .
This post has been updated .
This is the third article in the Support Synergy series . In case you did n't know , this series is all about analyzing supports and who they synergize with . This will help you choose which support you want with which comps , even in solo queue ! The previous articles analyzed Fortress and Catherine . Today , we 'll be looking at Ardan .
Ardan hopefully needs no introduction . He 's always been a consistent support , and lately has been the top pick for support in VIPL and VGL , despite receiving nerfs in 1.12 . After yet another nerf in 1.14 , he is still one of the top supports ; his ability to protect teammates and reshape teamfights is unparalleled , and he 's a heck of a lot of fun to play . Without further ado , let 's get into it !
What Ardan Does Well
If you wish to see more detail , the bolded ability names are links to the corresponding wiki pages .
Heroic Perk : Julia 's Gift
Ardan 's heroic perk heals him for 1 % of his missing health every time he takes damage . The amount healed is capped at 75 % of the damage dealt to him . It 's important to note that this healing is a direct counter to small , fast ticks of damage , such as burn and bleed effects as well as Skye 's Forward Barrage . Ardan can also gain health with his perk while taking damage with a health barrier up . Additionally , Ardan uses Vengeance instead of energy . Only Blood for Blood consumes Vengeance .
A : Vanguard
Ardan leaps to an ally , giving them a health barrier that scales with 15 % of Ardan 's additional health ( from items ) , speeding them up as well as damaging and slowing nearby enemies . Every time the ally takes damage , Ardan gains Vengeance . If Ardan uses Vanguard on himself , the barrier , speed boost , and Vengeance gain are only half as effective .
B : Blood for Blood
Blood for Blood leaps to an enemy and punches them . The punch includes an auto-attack which can critically strike and also deals some crystal damage . This skill requires a full bar of Vengeance . On overdrive , this skill deals 25 % more damage .
C : Gauntlet
Ardan leaps to any location within range and throws down the Gauntlet , setting up walls around where he lands . Before he lands , a faint ring is projected where the walls will land . Any enemy hero who hits the walls will take damage and a stun . Enemy heroes who are on the projected ring will be instantly stunned and damaged when the Gauntlet first lands .
So , to summarize , Ardan has :
Tankiness against small ticks of damage
A health barrier for allies
A speed buff for allies
An AoE slow
Zoning
A threat of a stun
Ardan has a kit that that is focused around peeling for his allies and keeping them alive . Blood for Blood gives him decent early-game damage , while Vanguard and Gauntlet are strong abilities all game long , keeping him relevant throughout all points in the game . Vanguard is useful for increasing an ally 's survivability , making someone stick easier to a target , or slowing enemies . Gauntlet can be used to initiate a teamfight , disengage , or zone certain enemy heroes out ( or in ) mid-fight to change the dynamic of a fight as it is happening .
What Ardan Lacks
Ardan lacks hard , reliable CC . His stun ( from Gauntlet ) is the least reliable stun in the game and is extremely easy to Reflex Block or otherwise avoid . Because of this , Ardan does n't have target focus quite as good as Catherine or Fortress . Unless someone gets caught in a Gauntlet without an escape method , Ardan ca n't lock them down and mark them for deletion . It should also be noted that Gauntlet , while an extremely useful skill , has one of the longest cooldowns in the game , and must be used perfectly every time it is off cooldown to really leverage its utility .
Synergizing With Ardan
Ardan 's Vanguard has mild synergy with squishy heroes ( who need it for peel ) and strong synergy with heroes who often dive into the middle of enemies , as they benefit the most from Vanguard 's speed-up and AoE slow ( as well as that nice barrier to keep them alive ) . Squishy heroes that lack an easy escape benefit the most from Vanguard 's peel . Ardan 's decent early-game damage has mild synergy with strong early-game heroes , and also has mild synergy with late game heroes because he does not fall off late-game . Gauntlet has strong synergy with heroes that have strong area of effect ( AoE ) damage , and also has strong synergy with heroes that like to poke from a distance to output damage .
As a reminder , when I use the term strong synergy , I mean that two heroes work extremely well together . Mild synergy means that two heroes work well together , but not as well as heroes with strong synergy . Neutral synergy simply means that Ardan is neither a great pick nor a terrible pick with a hero .
So who does Ardan synergize with ?
Strong Synergy
Adagio is n't usually included in these articles because he is typically played as a support . However , it 's important to note that he can also be played as a Crystal Power laner or jungler , filling as a secondary carry/support hybrid . Team compositions including CP Adagio typically include a hero that benefits hugely from heals and auto-attack buffs , and are known as buff-the-XXXX comps . Ardan and Adagio are both staples in these comps .
Blackfeather , lane or jungle , currently works extremely well with Ardan . As he is played right now , Blackfeather is a super mobile bruiser who dances around his target , then executes enemies once full Heartthrob stacks have been built . Because Blackfeather needs to be in the middle of the enemy team to be doing damage and building stacks , Ardan is a fantastic choice , giving Blackfeather survivability and extra mobility .
Celeste has strong synergy with Ardan as a laner . Not only does her father protect her well with supportive Vanguards , but a well-placed Gauntlet will allow Celeste to drop stars ( which do AoE damage ) on the enemy team safely and even walk across the walls to peel assassins or sticky enemy melees off of her .
Koshka and Ardan is a classic jungle duo . After Hardek invented “ Tankshka , ” or a Koshka build that included a lot of defense and just one damage item , Tankshka was nerfed to be an ineffective support , but still excelled as a tanky jungle bruiser . Ardan was the natural support of choice because of how effective the Pouncy Fun + Vanguard combo is . Koshka pounces into the middle of the enemy team and Ardan immediately follows up with a Vanguard for a team slow . Nowadays , this still works very well , and Ardan 's early-game damage complements Koshka 's early aggression .
Krul works very well with Ardan . AdyEndrus , who we all know as the Krul player , has always loved being supported by Ardan . Not hard to see why . Ardan compensates for Krul 's main weakness ( a lack of stickiness ) and gives Krul easy pickings on anyone caught in a Gauntlet .
Reim is fantastic with Ardan . His slow base move speed means that he gets a lot of mileage out of Vanguard , which can help enormously in catching up to enemies only to slow them with Reim 's heroic perk , Frostguard . Additionally , Gauntlet can aid in landing massive Valkyries and makes it easier to land Winter Spires .
Rona is similar to Krul . That Vanguard is fantastic for allowing Rona to build BP stacks ( if she has the item ) and stick to enemies more easily . Additionally , since Vanguard applies an AoE slow , Rona 's Red Mist is a fantastic follow-up for massive AoE damage while everyone is still affected by the slow from Vanguard . Gauntlet also sets up huge Red Mists .
Skaarf is similar to Celeste in that Vanguard 's peel is amazing for this squishy mage . Gauntlet is , of course , fantastic for him to simply float outside of and poke into with Spitfires . There is one more thing , though : Skaarf 's ultimate , Dragon Breath , deals damage over a huge area – in fact , almost exactly the area that Gauntlet encloses . This wombo-combo has been affectionately dubbed the “ Pressure Cooker . ”
Skye synergizes extremely well with Ardan . When kiting with Forward Barrage , Ardan can make this even easier with a Vanguard . When Skye wants to dive aggressively into the enemy team with a Suri Strike , Ardan is instantly by her side , supporting her Vanguard . Gauntlet and Death From Above are two of the strongest zoning skills in the game , and can easily force someone into a corner or force them to eat a stun .
Vox has strong synergy with his father . If Vox is going a CP route , a Gauntlet provides an excellent environment to deal massive AoE damage with Resonance and Wait For It . If Vox is going WP with a Breaking Point , Vanguard allows Vox to build more BP stacks by giving him extra survivability . Additionally , a Vanguard followed up by Sonic Zoom provides excellent peel .
Mild Synergy
Glaive has mild to strong synergy with Ardan . As a tanky melee who sometimes has trouble sticking , he benefits from Vanguard . There is also the obvious combo potential of using Afterburn to knock someone into a Gauntlet wall ( the Pinball Machine ) or using Vanguard on a Glaive who just Afterburned to help them chase . However , Ardan lacks the single target focus that really makes Afterburn shine .
Kestrel synergizes reasonably well with Ardan . Ardan can peel for her and Gauntlet allows her to poke from the outside with her A . However , Ardan 's lack of single-target focus for her Weapon Power path keeps them from synergizing strongly .
Ozo has mild synergy with Ardan . Vanguard helps Ozo stick to enemy targets , and if the slow lands on multiple enemies , can also set Ozo up for huge AoE damage with Acrobounce or Three-Ring Circus . The same is also true of Gauntlet – trapping enemies in the arena can be followed up with fantastic AoE damage , and also has huge combo potential with an Acrobounce on an escaping enemy .
Petal is a fantastic kiter . Because she already has so much kiting power built into her kit ( knockbacks , a jump , a slow on the ult , and a slow from Frostburn ) , Vanguard 's speed-up and slow , though useful , are pretty redundant . Catherine is usually a better choice with Petal as a jungle duo because the hard CC offers something that Petal does n't already have . Nevertheless , Vanguard is never bad with a squishy carry .
Ringo is another fantastic kiter , and Ardan 's kit is generally less redundant for Ringo than it is for Petal . However , Ringo does n't have strong synergy with him because Ardan lacks something to really enhance Ringo 's single target focus and damage , unlike Adagio , Fortress , or Cath .
SAW has mild synergy with Ardan . A Gauntlet keeps fights near a spun-up WP SAW , and Vanguard helps with SAW 's horrible movement speed and survivability . However , a CP SAW does n't receive as much benefit as a WP SAW does from Ardan .
Taka typically has an aggressive playstyle that involves diving into the enemy team , auto-attacking a few times until he kills someone or is low , then stealthing away and coming back to finish the job . Vanguard facilitates this a bit by keeping Taka alive , and trapping an enemy in a Gauntlet with a fed Taka typically does n't end well for that person . However , Ardan is probably better as a support for tankier melees who are n't just in-and-out .
Neutral Synergy
Joule does n't synergize positively or negatively with Ardan . Joule does get some protection from Ardan 's Vanguard , but if Joule is in the middle of things , she 's probably just hopped on top of and stunned someone and will burst them down quickly , in which case Vanguard does n't get too much mileage . Catherine is pretty clearly the better choice as a support for Joule .
Negative Synergy
No one ! Ardan does n't have negative synergy with anyone . The nature of Ardan 's kit also gives him positive synergy with almost the entire hero roster .
From this analysis , we can see why Ardan has been such a staple in tournaments lately . Because Ardan does n't have any particularly weak spots in his power curve , he does n't have negative synergy with early- or late-game carries . His kit synergizes positively ( mildly or strongly ) with practically every carry in the game , making him a universally good support pick .
I hope this article was helpful ! If you have n't yet , give the Fortress and Catherine support synergy articles a read as well . See you next time !
Rajon Rondo could be on his way out after Instagram post
Rajon Rondo always makes sure he gets the last word .
Always .
And now it could be his last word in a Bulls uniform , according to one source .
As of Thursday evening , the Bulls ' front office was so angered by an Instagram post by Rondo in which he unloaded on Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade that it was seriously considering the idea of getting rid of Rondo and buying out the remainder of his contract .
One day after Butler and Wade blasted their teammates — questioning their heart and understanding of their roles — following a 119-114 loss to the Atlanta Hawks , Rondo took to his Instagram account to return fire .
Rondo posted a photo of himself when he played for the Boston Celtics , alongside former teammates Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce , writing , “ My vets would never go to the media . They would come to the team . My vets did n't pick and choose when they wanted to bring it . They brought it every time they stepped in the gym whether it was practice or a game . They did n't take days off . My vets did n't care about their numbers . My vets played for the team . When we lost , they would n't blame us . They took responsibility and got in the gym . They showed the young guys what it meant to work . Even in Boston when we had the best record in the league , if we lost a game , you could hear a pin drop on the bus .
“ They showed us the seriousness of the game . My vets did n't have an influence on the coaching staff . They could n't change the plan because it did n't work for them . I played under one of the greatest coaches , and he held everyone accountable .
“ It takes 1-15 to win . When you isolate everyone , you ca n't win consistently . I may be a lot of things , but I 'm not a bad teammate . My goal is to pass what I learned along . The young guys work . They show up . They do n't deserve blame . If anything is questionable , it 's the leadership . ''
While Rondo did n't name Wade and Butler , it was a clear who he was referring to .
Here 's why :
“ My vets would never go to the media . '' Well , obviously , both Butler and Wade did that .
“ My vets did n't pick and choose when they wanted to bring it . They brought it every time they stepped in the gym whether it was practice or a game . They did n't take days off . '' Wade basically stopped practicing with the team by December , and has taken a handful of games off , mostly on back-to-backs , so this was a clear shot at Wade .
“ My vets did n't have an influence on the coaching staff . They could n't change the plan because it did n't work for them . '' For the second season , coach Fred Hoiberg has had to restructure his offense on the fly because both Butler and Wade did n't feel it worked .
“ I played under one of the greatest coaches , and he held everyone accountable . '' Rondo played under Doc Rivers and has been butting heads with Hoiberg since the coach benched him . A source said Rondo also has grown tired of what he perceives to be preferential treatment of Butler and Wade .
If the Bulls flat-out rid themselves of Rondo , they would have to eat the remainder of his $ 14 million contract this season , as well as $ 3 million of the $ 13.3 million he could have made next season .
Rondo was already suspended for one game earlier this season after throwing a towel in the face of assistant coach Jim Boylen .
Follow me on Twitter
@ suntimes_hoops .
Email : jcowley @ suntimes.com
The release of the Romney tax returns is so amateurish that it almost offends me . Zeke Miller of Buzzfeed gets right to the heart of things .
Romney had pledged , in that ABC interview in Israel , that he 'd never paid less than 13 percent to the feds . But to make that true for tax year 2011 , the campaign admits that he artificially refused to take some deductions so that the rate would stay above the magic number .
But wait a second . Is n't this the same Mitt Romney who said back in January : `` I do n't think you want someone as the candidate for president who pays more taxes than he owes . ''
In fact , it is . So he just released returns that , when stacked against his earlier statement , disqualify him for the presidency by his own lights . Amazing . Romney 's blind trust trustee , Bradley Malt , said this in response to a question from Miller :
He has been clear that no American need pay more than he or she owes under the law . At the same time , he was in the unique position of having made a commitment to the public that his tax rate would be above 13 % . In order to be consistent with that statement , the Romneys limited their deduction of charitable contributions .
What put him in this unique position ? His big stupid mouth . His feeling that he could just get away with it . His -- sense of entitlement ? The idea that no one would question his success in such a way ? That this was the sort of thing to be discussed only in `` quiet rooms '' ?
And , of course , how does it make sense to revive this issue now ? When you 've had your worst week of the campaign , to submit yourself to two or three more days of flagellation ? What flagellation , you ask ? Oh , if the Democrats are doing their jobs ( and they seem to be ) , it should n't be too long before Americans know things like this , from the AFL-CIO blog :
The poorest 20 percent of America pays 17.4 percent of their income in state and federal taxes—in federal income and payroll taxes , sales taxes and other excise taxes and state income taxes . As we know , in the one year Romney has disclosed , he paid just under 13.8 percent in federal taxes , almost all of his income was not subject to payroll tax , and his state income tax bill was 4.1 percent for a total of 17.9 percent—Romney earned $ 21.6 million last year and paid only half a percent more in total taxes than the poorest people in the country .
Wow . The malpractice here just repeats on many levels . Or maybe they did it so Paul Ryan getting booed throughout his speech to AARP would n't be the top story . Hey , that 's crafty ! Geez .
COLIN COWHERD : Would you have been able to leave one and done ? Were you mature enough to do that ?
- Well , I stayed four years . Graduated from a junior in 1983 .
COLIN COWHERD : Four ?
- And I was -- I had a chance to come out in high school . And I did not choose to come out , because I was 190 pounds soaking wet . And coming out , you 're playing Kareem , Robert Parish , Moses Malone , Darryl Dawkins . So those guys were grown men . So I was n't quite physically ready to come play .
Then I had Red Auerbach come to my house , my parents ' house , and had a million dollars in a briefcase .
COLIN COWHERD : What ?
- And said , come out and play for the mighty Boston Celtics . So Kevin McHale would not have gone to the Celtics that year .
- So they literally -- you were a high schooler ?
- I was a high schooler .
COLIN COWHERD : And they bought a million dollars in a bag to your house .
- Yep , yep .
COLIN COWHERD : And you said no .
- I said no .
COLIN COWHERD : What did your parents -- I mean , it was a family decision ? That 's awfully mature a decision , Ralph .
RALPH SAMPSON : Well , I looked at my mom and dad , and I said , are we OK ? Are you guys OK ? They said , we worked all of our lives . And we 're OK. And when you 're ready to go , you 'll tell us . So it 's not the money thing . It 's , are you ready to play ?
And my mother played basketball in high school . And so she kind of knew some of the ins and outs of it . A very passionate family about the game of sports , and just life itself . So I was n't ready . I just was n't ready to leave that setting yet .
True North Fights & Muaythai Ontario Make History In Timmins
By Ryan McKinnon
Saturday September 23rd , 2017
True North Fights played host to an historic evening of fast-paced and intense amateur Muaythai action on Saturday . Matt Poulin , owner of TMAC ( Total Martial Arts Center ) organized a great event and fight card that will be talked about by everyone who attended for a very long time . This inaugural Muaythai event certainly set the bar high for future events in northern Ontario , and gave fans a good look at how much Ontario Muaythai is growing in the right direction .
A big thanks to Muaythai Ontario ( www.muaythaiontario.org ) True North Fights ( www.truenorthfights.ca ) and Matt Poulin ( www.totalmartialartscenter.com ) for making this historic night of fights an event to behold .
All photos are courtesy of True North Fights , and can be found on their Facebook Page here https : //www.facebook.com/TNFights/
Due to participating in this event in an official capacity with Muaythai Ontario , only the facts of each fight will be discussed , and not my opinion on scoring or others ' scoring of the rounds .
FIGHT BREAKDOWNS
Bout # 4 Crystal Vitelli ( Twin Dragons 3-1-0 , 6 Exh ) vs Brenda Vargas ( Lanna MMA 3-1-0 , 6 Exh )
This ‘ A ' Class bout between Lanna MMA 's Brenda ‘ El Gaucho ' Vargas and Crystal Vitelli was the only female fight on the card and delivered lots of action . Brenda is a standout out athlete at Lanna with great hands and killer elbows . She has had a memorable 2017 full of ups and downs . She earned the attention of the Muaythai community in March when she fought ruthlessly for a split decision win over Effie Chan at SHE Fights , but felt disappointed with her showing at the TBAs in June . She has been preparing for a title bout in New York state in October , and arrived in Timmins feeling sharp and ready to put on a show for the fans .
Crystal has been extremely active with Twin Dragon North and is constantly improving her skill set . She came into this fight facing a very tough and hungry opponent in Vargas . Right from the starting bell everyone in attendance knew exactly what Brenda 's game plan was . Vargas smothered Vitelli immediately , mixing up levels with her hands and driving in strong left kicks from her southpaw stance .
Keeping Crystal on her back foot was a smart move for a fighter like Vargas who likes to pressure her opponents . Early in the round Brenda scored her first standing 8 count against Crystal which fired up the crowd , and gave Vargas a solid few seconds to catch her breath , and begin a second assault .
When the action continued , Vargas dove right back into punching range and went to work . Crystal made the best of the situation by clinching Brenda and firing counterpunches in small bursts . However , her counter attacks did n't do enough to back up Vargas , who went on to score a second standing 8 count against Vitelli . After referee Darryl Marin finished his count , he waved off the fight .
Referee stops contest in Round 1 for the winner Brenda Vargas of Lanna MMA http : //lannamma.com/ . And visit Twin Dragon North http : //twindragonnorth.com/wp/
Bout # 5 Dean Soon ( Gorilla MMA 1-2-0 , 2 Exh ) vs Alexis Liberte ( APEX MMA 3-1-0 , 3 Exh , 1-1 Boxing )
The fight between Dean Soon and Alexis Liberte had big shoes to fill after Vargas vs Vitelli . Once the bell rang both men engaged in a good battle consisting of heavy kicks from Liberte , and counter punches from Soon . Liberte recently won the championship in his ‘ B ' Class Division at the TBAs in Iowa this past June , and showed improvement in his striking . He managed his range well by keeping Soon at the end of his kicks .
At the end of the round it was Liberte who had done the most damage . During the 1 minute break between rounds it was discovered that Dean Soon 's left arm had been broken while defending one of Liberte 's powerful rear swing kicks . Referee Michael Reid called in the ringside doctor to inspect the arm and the fight was ended .
This fight was a true testament to the toughness and heart displayed by Dean Soon , who may have had his arm broken very early in round 1 . He fought like a true warrior . We wish him a fast and healthy recovery , and look forward to seeing his return to the ring .
Referee stops bout due to injury for the winner Alexis Liberte of Apex MMA http : //www.apex-martial-arts.com/ and visit Soon 's gym here https : //www.facebook.com/gorilladojo/
Bout # 6 James Desrocher ( Sudbury MMA 0-1-1 , 0 Exh ) vs Victor Nguyen ( Lanna MMA 0-0-0 , 3 Exh )
The sixth bout of the night saw another Lanna MMA fighter , Victor Nguyen make his return to the ring after a long break versus a tough opponent in James Desrocher . Both athletes had fire in their eyes during their walkout to the ring , and brought the heat to ‘ The Mac ' arena .
Victor demonstrated good Muaythai IQ in this fight against a stronger opponent with a good forward moving style . Nguyen used teeps and hands mixed with pivoting footwork to make himself a moving target , thereby adding more work for Desrochers . After a brief exchange in close quarters at the midpoint of round 1 , Victor threw up a well timed and well placed left kick that found its mark on the head of Desrochers , knocking him to the mat , earning him am 8 count , and a 10-8 score in round 1 .
For the remaining two rounds Desrochers fought hard to play catchup against Nguyen , knowing that he had to either win both rounds to score the bout a draw , or score an 8 count for himself . In anticipation of that , Nguyen and his corner established a new game plan to stay away from any dangerous exchanges with the powerful Desrochers , and out point him from a distance .
By the third round , both men were totally gassed , and looked to clinch up to score as many points as they could . They put on one hell of a fight for the crowd in Timmins , and received much applause for their efforts .
Unanimous Decision win declared for Victor Nguyen of Lanna MMA . Check out Sudbury MMA to follow James and his team http : //www.sudburymma.com/
Stay tuned for the open class bouts coming up in part 3 of True North Fights , Round By Round . Corey Jackson vs Dave Firlotte , and Nathan Boulet vs Jeff Witzel
WASHINGTON – On what could be his last normal Thursday morning as a rank-and-file member of the U.S. House of Representatives , Beto O'Rourke calmly ate a breakfast of oatmeal and coffee in the dining room he shares with two other congressmen in a townhouse just off Capitol Hill .
He was due to the chamber in an hour or so for votes . The following morning , he would officially launch his bid to unseat one of Texas ' savviest politicians in modern history , U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz .
“ I 'm not going to do this and lose , ” O'Rourke told the Tribune between bites . “ I 'm only going to do this if we can win , and I 'm going to run to win , and I know no [ Democrat has ] figured out how to do this . ”
No Texas Democrat has won a U.S. Senate seat in nearly thirty years or any statewide office since 1994 . It is hard to find a political operative in Washington or back in Texas who would bet money – or professional credibility – on O'Rourke winning this race .
But the El Paso Democrat is earnestly bullish that he will go to the Senate through a strategy of bringing retail politics to a state of 27 million people .
He has no pollster and no consultants at this point , and said he has no interest in hiring operatives of that ilk .
“ Since 1988 , when Lloyd Bentsen won re-election to the Senate , Democrats have spent close to a billion dollars on consultants and pollsters and experts and campaign wizards and have performed terribly , ” he said .
The approach offers a clear contrast with Cruz , who has used his own consultants to devastating effect in his races for the U.S. Senate and the White House . Last month , several members of Cruz 's political team showed attendees at the Conservative Political Action Convention a presentation of his presidential campaign 's investment and innovations in data analytics .
When O'Rourke first floated the notion of running for Senate in an early November interview with the Tribune , many people in Texas and Washington responded with , “ Who ? ”
But the shock registered most at home in El Paso .
“ The first surprised call was from my wife , like , ‘ What ? What ? Excuse me ? What 's going on ? ' ” he said . But four days later , O'Rourke and his wife , Amy , were watching with horror at Donald Trump 's victory on Election Night . At that moment , the decision was all but made .
“ It was Amy who said , ‘ I think you should go see if you ca n't do something that 's more effective than what you 're doing now . ' ”
In a conventional campaign , O'Rourke would try to raise somewhere in the ballpark of $ 30 million in federally mandated $ 2,700 increments . Then he would turn to the campaign committees and beg them to invest millions more .
But the national Democratic committees are overtly telegraphing that the priority in 2018 is to protect the ten party incumbents who represent states Trump carried in 2016 .
To complicate matters , it is hard to overstate how unknown this third-term Democrat is in both Texas and Washington .
He represents El Paso , which is so remote it is in a separate time zone from the rest of the state . It is a shorter drive from his district to San Diego than to Beaumont .
Back in November , at least one high-profile Democratic official in the state confessed to having never heard of him .
And amid Wednesday 's giddiness in Washington Democratic circles around his pending announcement , seasoned players referred to him as “ Bee-to , ” mispronouncing the Spanish nickname for his Anglo given name of Robert .
Another potential stumbling block : He has a pair of arrests – but no convictions – on his record from the 90s : one for breaking and entering and another for drunken driving .
But most of all , he is taking on a wily and hardworking incumbent who was the second-place finisher for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination .
How in the world does he plan to beat Ted Cruz ?
“ Tactically , strategically , I do n't know , ” O'Rourke said . “ It 'll come from Texas , and I have faith and trust the people of this state will make the best decision in the interest of their families and their kids…I just trust that . My challenge , I guess , is to meet enough of them so that they can make an informed decision . ”
His aim , he said , is to campaign beyond urban strongholds in a case-by-case basis .
In a 38-minute long interview the day before his official announcement , it was apparent that O'Rourke was not going to make his campaign all about Cruz – a temptation given the senator 's polarizing image among even some in his own party . O'Rourke never once mentioned Cruz by name or directly criticized his potential rival . Instead , he focused on topics like immigration , the border , and advocacy for his hometown .
The approach brought to mind the discipline Cruz has shown in his campaigns for U.S. Senate and president .
And then there is money . Traditionally , the best way to build name recognition has been through television advertising , and a statewide buy runs at least $ 1 million a week .
Cruz begins the race with $ 4.2 million in campaign money . And the early signs amid O'Rourke 's run is that tea party groups and establishment organizations will line up with tens of millions of dollars to back Cruz at the slightest sign of trouble .
Nationally , Democrats have no appetite at this point to spend serious money in Texas , and O'Rourke is not accepting money from political action committees . He , like all federal candidates , has no control over whether a super PAC opts to get involved .
But anyone opposing Cruz is a likely magnet for angry liberal dollars . And O'Rourke could have the makings of a Bernie Sanders-type fundraising operation . He is one of the most adept politicians when it comes to social media and was an early adapter of building a following with Facebook Live , a means of broadcasting events through that website .
The results of those efforts are often viral frenzies . Most recently , his bipartisan road trip with U.S. Rep. Will Hurd , R-Helotes , earned both men a storm of positive publicity . So much so , that a handful of Republican operatives in Washington began to sit up and watch O'Rourke more closely .
But before O'Rourke can face off against Cruz , there is the issue of sorting out his primary .
For years on end now , many expected it would be one of the Castro twins leading the charge to turn Texas blue , and U.S. Rep. Joaquin Castro , D-San Antonio , is still openly mulling a Senate run of his own .
Oddly , though , O'Rourke said Castro was the one who planted the seeds to launch this campaign .
“ I remember this summer at the convention , Joaquin…publicly said that he was thinking about running , which I thought was exciting , and I thought , ‘ Hey , let me know , ' and he said , ‘ If I do n't do this , you should think about doing it . ' ”
“ It got me thinking , ” O'Rourke added .
Once it became clear on Wednesday the O'Rourke campaign was on the verge of a launch , Castro put out a statement gently reminding the press that he was still in the mix .
O'Rourke said he wished Castro luck on Wednesday in making his own decision . O'Rourke insisted if the primary is competitive , they will both “ try and do this in a way that will make Texas proud . ”
“ It 's good for Texas…you want a competitive democracy , ” he said .
But , he added , the mutual interest was indicative of improved conditions for the party .
“ It shows you that something 's happening , ” he said .
The 2016 election gave Democrats cautious hope for Texas . Trump 's margins were narrower than other recent GOP standard-bearers and Democrats made enormous headway into urban centers .
O'Rourke , however , spent much of his time in the lead up to Friday 's announcement in mid-sized towns , including : Wichita Falls , College Station , Killeen , Lubbock , Midland , Waco , Corpus Christi and Odessa .
O'Rourke said he had expected a few dozen attendees at each of these events . Oftentimes , over a hundred people showed up , having heard of the event through word-of-mouth or Facebook .
The larger aim is to look beyond the cities and take his case to rural voters . The idea is not to win those regions , but to lose less-badly .
It is the same tactic former President Barack Obama credited with his victories as a candidate in Iowa .
`` There were some counties where I might have lost , but maybe I lost by 20 points instead of 50 points , '' Obama said in November .
But Texas is a whole lot larger than Iowa . Can any of this work ?
“ We 'll find out , ” O'Rourke said .
____________________________________________________________
From the Texas Tribune
Authorities in Grimes County say a man shot and killed his common-law wife tonight at a home off County Road 304 south of the Stoneham community .
Grimes County Sheriff Don Sowell says the man was intoxicated when he shot the woman during a domestic dispute between the couple .
Sheriff Sowell says both of them are around 74-years-old and lived in the house on Rolling Acres Road .
The man also suffered physical injuries including a lump on the head and a black eye during the dispute , and had been taken to a hospital for treatment . After he 's released from the hospital he 'll be booked into the county jail .
Neighbors tell KBTX they often heard the couple fighting and arguing outside .
Investigators are still on the scene and said they were waiting on a search warrant before entering the house to collect more evidence .
poster= '' https : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201705/2737/1155968404_5439727556001_5439709328001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Burr : Flynn not cooperating with Senate Russia probe
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said Thursday that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn is not cooperating with his panel 's investigation into Russia 's meddling in the 2016 presidential election .
But the North Carolina Republican said he does not have a `` definitive answer '' yet on whether Flynn is complying with a subpoena issued to him last week for documents related to his contacts with Russian officials .
Story Continued Below
Earlier Thursday , The Associated Press reported , based on comments from Burr , that Flynn had informed the panel he would not honor the subpoena . But Burr later said his comments “ may have been premature ” and that “ there may be a day or two left ” until the deadline to respond to the subpoena .
“ We have not gotten the definitive answer , ” Burr clarified . “ Michael Flynn has not cooperated with the committee up to this point . ”
Asked whether he would recommend a contempt of Congress vote if Flynn fails to comply , Burr responded : “ I 'm not going to go into what we might or might not do . We 've got a full basket of things that we 're willing to test . ”
Flynn 's lawyer , Robert Kelner , declined to comment when asked last week whether Flynn would comply with the subpoena . Kelner did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Thursday .
If Flynn refuses to comply , Congress could vote to hold him in contempt and refer his case to the Justice Department for criminal charges or to federal district court for civil enforcement . But these routes are long and complicated , and there 's no guarantee they would succeed .
Kejriwal said he had begun his “ civil disobedience movement ” against “ inflated ” power bills by going on a fast from March 23 , 2013 . ( PTI )
In what officials said was a complete violation of the Electricity Act , Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Friday announced exemption for people who had defaulted on electricity bills and withdrawal of cases against those booked for power theft since March 23 last year when he launched the AAP campaign against power discoms in the city .
Advertising
No action would be taken against the defaulters and pilferers since they were “ part of the andolan ” and the amount due from them would be paid by the Delhi government , Kejriwal said . The regulator reacted cautiously , saying information from the office of the chief minister was still to reach them . “ I will not comment on the legal aspect , ” DERC chairperson P Sudhakar said . But Shakti Sinha , who was Delhi secretary for power and finance until August 2013 , said Kejriwal 's announcement was “ illegal as per the 2003 Electricity Act ” .
“ It has to be understood that power tariff can be brought down by the regulator after following a due process . There is the DERC for redressal of complaints . And then there are courts to settle disputes , ” Sinha said . All electricity bills make it clear : “ The connection shall be liable for disconnection on non-payment of all dues , including arrears of due dates , after notice as per Section 56-1 of the Electricity Act 2003 . ”
Officials said that of the nearly 45 lakh connections in the city under three power distribution companies , an estimated 10,000-12,000 consumers have been defaulting on electricity dues “ continuously ” since March last year . Connections of those in the lowest consumption slab of 0-200 units have not been severed .
BJP leader Harsh Vardhan said Kejriwal 's announcement was “ a sign of very bad governance… a sign of anarchist rule ” .
“ If today , when the BJP is not in governance , we tell people that if they stop paying bills under AAP rule , we will bring down bills by 50 per cent when we come to power , how will they feel… There is a difference between shouting on the streets and ruling , ” Harsh Vardhan said .
Earlier , explaining why he had a cut-off date for defaulters , Kejriwal said he had begun his “ civil disobedience movement ” against “ inflated ” power bills by going on a fast from March 23 , 2013 . “ We had asked people to stop paying electricity bills if the bills did not come down , and re-connect if power connections were cut by the then government . We had assured them that all such cases would be exempted if we formed the government , ” he said .
“ All who stopped paying power bills during this period will be forgiven , and electricity theft cases against them will also be exempted because we assume they were part of our movement . People who have been habitually not paying power bills for years will not be included in this category . We will announce the final details of this project soon , ” he said .
Asked if he was burdening the Delhi government to fulfil his electoral ambitions , Kejriwal said : “ You can interpret it as you wish… but a burden on whom ? Who is the government ? Woh janata ka andolan tha , aur yeh janata ki sarkar hai ( it was a people 's movement and this is a government of the people ) . If people of Delhi were unhappy with an issue and we fought the election promising to resolve it , then it is the duty of the new government to resolve this grievance of the people , ” he said .
To a query on why taxpayers should be paying for those who had defaulted on electricity bills , Kejriwal said : “ If I order a Rs 450-crore helicopter for myself after becoming chief minister and the taxpayers have to pay for it , then that will be a burden . I am not asking for any perks for myself . Whatever exemption I am giving is for the people… as it is , there are only 1.5 crore taxpayers in this country who pay for governance of the whole country . ”
Advertising
He announced a slew of measures , including a new number 09223166166 where people can SMS details of power outages in their area , with the initial key of DL_Power followed by details of their area and time of outage . “ This well help the government get some data on power outages in the city . We are also trying to get data from discoms on power outages from January 1this year and last year , so we can compare outages during our government and the Congress government , ” Kejriwal said , adding that discoms had been asked to put up details of scheduled power outages on the website http : //www.delhisldc.org .
Michael Lewis just dropped two big hints about what he 's working on next
Financial writer Michael Lewis , the acclaimed author of “ Liar 's Poker , “ The Big Short ” and “ Flash Boys , ” dropped some hints about what he 's working on right now .
“ The last couple of years since I finished ‘ Flash Boys ' , I wrote a screenplay for ‘ Liar 's Poker ' , which does n't look like it 's going anywhere , ” Lewis said at the SALT Conference in Las Vegas .
“ I 'm a failed screenwriter , ” he joked .
“ The hero of ‘ Liar 's Poker ' is Louis Ranieri , '' he continued . `` I think he is a hero . I think the invention of the mortgage bond is a great thing . I wrote a TV show which may go somewhere set on Wall Street in the 1920s based on the life of Jesse Livermore , who 's an unbelievable character . ”
Livermore was a legendary trader who made millions during the 1929 stock market crash . His life was chronicled in Edwin Lefevre 's `` Reminiscences of a Stock Operator . '' He made millions , declared bankruptcy a few times , and killed himself in 1940 .
Lewis is also working on another book . He 's been working on it on and off for the last eight years . He said he “ ca n't talk about it , ” but he did provide a hint about its subject .
“ I 'll tell you what it is — it 's the prequel to ‘ Moneyball , ' ” Lewis said , referring to his book about the Oakland A 's baseball team and its general manager Billy Beane .
“ It is the story of people figuring out how the mind works when it 's faced with making investment decisions . How it functions in conditions of uncertainty . ”
He 'll be finished in three months . He expects the book will come out in December .
--
Julia La Roche is a finance reporter at Yahoo Finance .
Read more :
Hedge fund titans warn of financial crisis-like market signals
Boone Pickens : I support Trump 's plan to ban unvetted Muslim immigrants
Billionaire Rubenstein : These 6 traits will help you succeed on Wall Street
Druckenmiller : These 2 charts show how 'unproductive ' and 'reckless ' companies have been
Jeffrey Gundlach : 'Prepare for a Trump presidency '
Jonathan Givony
@ DraftExpress
Jonathan Givony
Strengths :
-Good size at around 6-9 or 6-10
-Long arms
-Big hands
-Mobile big man . Moves well
-Runs floor well
-Shows nice timing/feel for where to position himself
-Good timing/touch on put-backs
-Extremely young . Only born in December of 1995
Weaknesses :
-Painfully thin at the moment
-Gets pushed around mercilessly around the basket
-No real skill-level offensively at this stage
-Gets boxed out easily in the paint
-Gets winded very easily
Outlook :
Extremely late bloomer who only recently picked up the game . Has made major strides in a short period of time reportedly . Appears to have some intriguing natural talent . Will take at least 2-3 years to even begin filling out his frame . If he is able to put on weight down the road , he may develop into an interesting prospect .
If you are searching for a place of your own to kick back and enjoy the view , Vancouver philanthropist and self-made billionaire Joe Segal may have a deal for you .
At age 92 , Segal and his wife Rosalie of nearly 70 years , have decided to put their Point Grey mansion up for sale for $ 63 million .
Sotheby 's International Reality Canada has not posted the listing on MLS and has not released the address of the home , but property records indicate the home is at 4743 Belmont Ave .
There is plenty of space for casual entertaining . ( Sotheby 's )
Joe Segal told CBC News they bought the empty property in 2009 for around $ 7 million and Rosalie presided over the building of the home .
`` She built the house and it was built with tender loving care ... The lot is the best in the world . No traffic , quiet , view of the mountains and water . This is one of a kind . Understand that it 's a rarity . ''
And officials tend to agree . The residence was recently assessed by the province at $ 40 million , making it one of the province 's most valuable residential properties .
Sotheby 's agent Christa Frosch noted if it sells , it will likely set a record for a residential real estate sale in Metro Vancouver .
Premium priced
In a statement issued on Thursday , Frosch described the home as `` one of Greater Vancouver 's most significant , privately held residences . ''
The nearly 22,000 square foot home sits on an extremely private , gently sloping 1.28 acre property , overlooking English Bay and the North Shore mountains .
The property overlooks English Bay . ( Sotheby 's )
Features include two main gallery halls at the entrance capable of seating up to 100 guests for private concerts and events , five bedrooms , 12 bathrooms , an elevator , an indoor pool , six-car garage and an in-law suite with a private entrance .
Segal said he and his wife raised millions of dollars for the many charities they support hosting fundraisers in the home .
There 's room for more than a few guests . ( Sotheby 's )
The whole house is decorated in new classical style , including the mature gardens inspired by Versailles that are terraced on three levels .
`` I believe the buyer of this home will have a passion for art , history , luxurious landscapes and timeless design , '' said Frosch .
Self-made man
The house includes an indoor pool . ( Sotheby 's )
Segal is a self-made billionaire who got his start in business at the age of 14 selling frozen fish door-to-door by bicycle after his father died .
After serving in the war , he went on to open an army surplus business in Vancouver , which turned into the Field department stores .
He then bought out Zellers and eventually traded up for a stake in Hudson 's Bay .
In past decades , he 's been chiefly involved in property development with his company Kingswood Capital Corporation .
When asked why they were selling the home , Segal said , `` I 'm 92 years old . Do you know how old that is ? It 's time . ''
Segal said he and his wife have not yet decided where they would move to , but indicated it likely would not include building a new home .
Google Maps : 4743 Belmont Ave. Vancouver
by Brett Stevens on March 9 , 2011
You have to be really careful with other people . Most often , when they are telling you about some event or another , they 're actually talking about themselves .
“ See how important I am that I know this ? And now you must acknowledge it , and so I have power over you , ” burbles the underlying psychological dialogue . This is one of the reasons why humanity is dysfunctional once you get one step past the absolute basics of life : we are paranoid of each other 's motivations .
After all , language is a slippery master . If I murder someone because I want his wife , I have a number of minutes , hours or days before law enforcement arrives . During that time I can construct a logical statement explaining why I murdered him . Because this statement is made after the fact , it 's unclear whether it 's a reason for the action , or a justification — explanation to exonerate myself — made after the fact .
Very few people will say “ I killed him to take his wife. ” Most often , they invent pleasant lies based on an appeal to popularity . I killed him because he was a pedophile , a Nazi , or a derivatives-fund investment manager ; or even more effectively , I killed him in self-defense , and you would have too , because no one deserves to have to stand helpless while some guy attacks . What would you do ?
All this boils down a reason we should be very skeptical of the motivations of others and thus of the veracity of their statements . Often , they 're looking for a reason to sound important , so they 're going to give us a moron-simple solution that correspondingly , does n't achieve what it says it does .
Energy-efficiency standards have been embraced by politicians of both parties as one of the easiest ways to combat global warming . Making appliances , cars , buildings and factories more efficient is called the â€œlow-hanging fruitâ€ of strategies to cut greenhouse emissions . But a growing number of economists say that the environmental benefits of energy efficiency have been oversold . Paradoxically , there could even be more emissions as a result of some improvements in energy efficiency , these economists say . The problem is known as the energy rebound effect . While thereâ€™s no doubt that fuel-efficient cars burn less gasoline per mile , the lower cost at the pump tends to encourage extra driving . Thereâ€™s also an indirect rebound effect as drivers use the money they save on gasoline to buy other things that produce greenhouse emissions , like new electronic gadgets or vacation trips on fuel-burning planes . Some of the biggest rebound effects occur when new economic activity results from energy-efficient technologies that reduce the cost of making products like steel or generating electricity . – NYT
The blockhead solutions to potential ecocide are united by a common thread : do n't change what we do , just change how we do it .
In particular , they like :
Recycling . Make sure we can easily melt the gadget down into its constituent parts and re-use those materials .
Make sure we can easily melt the gadget down into its constituent parts and re-use those materials . Efficiency . Make the gadget use less energy , water or blood of the unborn .
Make the gadget use less energy , water or blood of the unborn . Sustainability . Manufacture the gadget from materials we can easily acquire again .
Manufacture the gadget from materials we can easily acquire again . Fines . This covers a broad zone from higher gasoline taxes to carbon caps ; basically , charge higher consumers more , subsidizing lower consumers .
It 's hard to argue with recycling , for example , as a good idea . But is it a solution ?
Using a metaphor : if I 'm going bankrupt , it makes sense to start packing a box lunch to save $ 6 a day . But that wo n't stave off the problem . It 's a good idea , but not a solution .
Efficiency is also a really good idea . By itself , it will not end the problem , but as a general design concept , it makes sense — so long as we do n't also weaken the power of our tools and gadgets in doing it .
Sustainability gets murky . While it makes sense to make cheap furniture out of bamboo because it 's easier to grow , we need to be careful — does it also require more intense processing to make it into furniture ? I 'm all for hemp paper and clothing , so long as we 're not talking using more energy , water or strange chemicals to make hemp comparable to regular paper or cloth .
After that , the sanity ends . The fines ding our biggest consumers so that our lowest consumers can have those resources instead , forgetting that there are more low-level consumers and so with this wealth transfer , we 're actually dooming the environment by bringing more people and their needs to bear on it .
We can see how the above are methods that attempt to ameliorate the problem . But do we have an actual solution ?
Yes , but you do n't want to hear it : we need fewer people , less economic growth , and to reserve more wide-open spaces of all ecosystems for plants , animals and the replenishing process of natural homeostasis .
That notion is taboo because it places a limit on “ freedom. ” You are going to have to tell someone they can not have that kid , or that second kid ; you 're going to have to take away Billy Bob 's 454 truck , and maybe Joe Newyorker 's Mercedes-Benz . You may have to tell Wal-mart to stop selling its fun kids ' toy “ Bucket of Flaming Tar . ”
When you do that , the usual suspects — neurotic unimportant people who want to appear socially/morally important to compensate for their unexceptional lives — will trot out the old homilies : Who decides ? Who watches the deciders ? Who protects our rights , our equality ? They will threaten revolution , even the morning after talking all night at the Free Trade coffee shop about how global warming is the crisis that defines our times .
In many ways , it 's a haze of prosperity : Gas drilling is going strong again , and as a result , so is the Cowboy State 's economy . Wyoming enjoys one of the nation 's lowest unemployment rates , 6.4 percent . And while many other states are running up monumental deficits , lawmakers are projecting a budget surplus of more than $ 1 billion over the coming year in this state of a half-million people . Still , in the Upper Green River Basin , where at least one daycare center called off outdoor recess and state officials have urged the elderly to avoid strenuous outdoor activity , some wonder if they 've made a bargain with the devil . Two days last week , ozone levels in the gas-rich basin rose above the highest levels recorded in the biggest U.S. cities last year . “ They 're trading off health for profit . It 's outrageous . We 're not a Third World country , ” said Elaine Crumpley , a retired science teacher who lives just outside Pinedale . – NYT
The story repeats , worldwide . When the money shows up , people find their allegiance to the environment is less than they thought . Or more accurately , the people who raise objections to this new money get run out of town by those who simply want the money . We 've already got government regulation and it 's not working , mainly because the financial incentive is too strong .
In this matter , the sad truth is that the only “ real ” environmentalists are found among those who are not making a big show of buying green products , implementing carbon caps , installing lo-flush toilets , and so on . They know these things are mere distractions .
Happy 's problem is that it has run out of water for its farms . Its population , dropping 10 per cent a year , is down to 595 . The name , which brings a smile for miles around and plays in faded paint on the fronts of every shuttered business â€ “ Happy Grain Inc , Happy Game Room â€ “ has become irony tinged with bitterness . It goes back to the cowboy days of the 19th century . A cattle drive north through the Texas Panhandle to the rail heads beyond had been running out of water , steers dying on the hoof , when its cowboys stumbled on a watering hole . They named the spot Happy Draw , for the water . Now Happy is the harbinger of a potential Dust Bowl unseen in America since the Great Depression . ‘ It was a booming town when I grew up , ' Judy Shipman , who manages the bank , says . ‘ We had three restaurants , a grocery , a plumber , an electrician , a building contractor , a doctor . We had so much fun , growing up . ' Like all the townsfolk , she knows why the fun has gone . ‘ It 's the decline in the water level , ' she says . ‘ In the 1950s a lot of wells were drilled , and the water went down . Now you ca n't farm the land . ' – The Telegraph
If you want the real story on humanity 's collision with environmental destruction it is that the story of a small Texas town without water repeats itself like wallpaper worldwide . Sometimes the resource is water , sometimes it 's fish , and something it 's land itself . When too many humans crowd into a place , they drain it .
Since we gave up on all those bad old things like colonialism , aristocracy and culture , we have fewer controls than ever on our impulses . Do you want to start a fast food restaurant that stays open until 3 AM and sells ten pound beef burgers ? Go ahead , it 's great . When it fails we 'll tear it up and throw it in a landfill .
Old-school feudal social orders told most people that they had little to expect . Unless you were lord of the manse , you probably got a small cottage , a cow and a few suits of clothes . In our modern world , by contrast , you can buy whatever you can get credit for . So people on peasant incomes buy half-million dollar homes , BMWs and then abandon it all when their ARMs run out . More landfill .
Scientists have developed a new satellite-imaging technique that allows them to have a better bird 's eye view of when carbon-rich peatlands were cleared and to what extent they have been replaced by palm oil trees . The work , which depends on a blend of satellite images , marks the first attempt to systematically quantify carbon loss from peatland destruction across the region and directly tie it to oil-palm expansion . Published yesterday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the study found that about 6 percent of carbon-rich peatlands in Peninsular Malaysia and the islands of Borneo and Sumatra were cleared to make way for oil-palm plantations by the early 2000s . In the process , about 3 percent of forest-dwelling birds across the region were lost and massive quantities of carbon were released from clearing peatlands , according to the authors ' estimates . By last year , the study concluded , an area in Southeast Asia roughly the size of New Jersey had been felled of its forests . – Scientific American
The vanguard of environmental defense is not some alchemical egghead in a lab trying to make “ green ” lead , but someone who can find out a political system that can stop the rapid expansion of the 20th century . With all the old rules gone , anyone can aspire to a resource-intense life — and everyone will , and want the same for their children .
We thought we would make a Utopia by relaxing the rules on individuals . End the religious infighting ; accept everyone . End the class war ; make them all equal . End the crime ; make it easy for them to afford luxuries . But now the bill is due .
Our solutions are n't solutions . They are n't even particularly well thought-out . They 're justifications : we ca n't talk about the real problem , and the real solutions , so here 's an entertaining idea that will make you feel like you 're really out there being an activist by buying a product :
It would be interesting to try to estimate the contribution of low-flush toilets and other restrictions on water flows to the disease environment . The theoretical effects are a matter of logic : low-flush toilets arenâ€™t a free lunch . All else equal , weaker toilets result in dirtier , more disease-prone environs . The San Francisco case Jeff mentions suggests too that weaker toilets probably require harsher cleansers . While I donâ€™t know the precise history , Iâ€™m pretty sure that water-saving regulations were adopted at different rates in different places . This should provide a setting in which the researchers would be able to estimate the contribution of water-saving toilets , showers , and faucets to the disease environment . – Christian Science Monitor
And while we humans do what we do best , which is to recede into our minds and play with fanciful solutions that solve nothing , the problem marches on unattended . Every day passing puts us closer to having to pay the piper , and yet the ominous weight of that event makes it impossible to address . We feel like we 're on an out of control train racing toward a collision , with no option except suicide or cowering in the luggage rack .
The modern-day slavery expert explained to CNN that the current $ 90 rate for a human slave is actually at an historic low . Two hundred years ago , a slave cost about $ 40,000 in todayâ€™s money . The reason for this price slide : a massive boom in the worldâ€™s population , especially in developing countries , has increased the supply of â€œslaveableâ€ people . And this has basically turned a human being into a cheap commodity â€ “ Bales says like a Styrofoam cup thatâ€™s cheaply replaceable if damaged , â€œIf they get sick , whatâ€™s the point of paying for medicine â€ “ itâ€™s cheaper to let them die and acquire a new one than it is to help the ones youâ€™ve got . At this very moment , between 12 million and 30 million slaves are working around the world . Thatâ€™s according to low and high estimates from sociologists and the International Labor Organization . – CNN
We embarked on this Utopian path to end slavery , and to end oppression . What we created instead was a worse form of oppression , in which kleptocrats rule most of the world and our species heads toward extinction , and a greater form of slavery . Giving every person unlimited rights created unlimited want . And from that we get brutal economic competition , brutal environmental exploitation , and finally , new and more intense forms of slavery .
Our solutions are not working and it is pointless to pursue them . There is only one solution : set aside more land for nature , and in order to do that , we must slow our growth and our population growth . As long as that remains taboo , talk about the environmental is just more hot air to warm our climate .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
U.S. women 's national team player Megan Rapinoe knelt during the playing of the national anthem of the Seattle Reign FC 's Sunday night game against the Chicago Red Stars .
Rapinoe said it was an intentional move and “ a nod to Kaepernick , ” according to John D. Halloran of American Soccer Now . She later tweeted that the action was the “ least I can do . ”
It 's the least I can do . Keep the conversation going . https : //t.co/qwfHcqgV6J — Megan Rapinoe ( @ mPinoe ) September 5 , 2016
ESPN 's Julie Foudy spoke with Rapinoe about the decision to kneel and shared the following on Twitter . Rapinoe told Foudy that she intends to continue kneeling during the anthem at games going forward .
Rapinoe to me on taking a knee for anthem : I 'm disgusted w way Colin has been treated & the fans & hatred he has received in all of this . — Julie Foudy ( @ JulieFoudy ) September 5 , 2016
Rapinoe : It is overtly racist . Stay in ur place black man . Just did n't feel right to me . And quite honestly being gay , I have stood with ... — Julie Foudy ( @ JulieFoudy ) September 5 , 2016
Rapinoe : my hand over my heart during the national anthem & felt like I have n't had my liberties protected , so I can absolutely sympathize .. — Julie Foudy ( @ JulieFoudy ) September 5 , 2016
Rapinoe : with that feeling . The very least that I can do is continue the conversation with him by kneeling for the anthem . — Julie Foudy ( @ JulieFoudy ) September 5 , 2016
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has decided not to stand for the national anthem during the preseason in protest of racial inequalities and injustices taking place in America , including police-related violence . He was joined by teammate Eric Reid in the movement as both took a knee as the anthem played in Thursday 's preseason game .
• Support for Colin Kaepernick and his message flourishes
Kaepernick started the last preseason game for the 49ers and was booed by fans as he took the field .
By Jay Syrmopoulos
In a case that clearly highlights the manner in which police break the law to target , arrest and convict citizens with impunity , 77-year-old Charles Frederick White has been sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for cultivating marijuana .
The sheriff 's office claims they happened upon the growing operation by mistake , while ostensibly claiming to follow up on a call from a woman outside the Baltimore area who said her identity had been stolen and that new credit cards taken out in her name were being sent to a Polk County address .
Curiously , the officers took four months from the time she called to allegedly investigate .
“ It was just really hard to get in touch with them , ” Rianhard said of the Polk County Sheriff 's Office . “ They just really did n't do a whole lot . ”
Rianhard said she does n't know why it took four months after calling in December for sheriff 's detectives to go out to the address of the supposed thief .
She said she never knew that her identify theft case had accidentally spawned a major marijuana bust .
“ It 's bizarre how that happened , ” Rianhard said .
Bizarre is likely a vast understatement , with the truth likely being much closer to White being targeted by federal , state , and local law enforcement , which used an absurd excuse to gain access to his property .
The detectives claim that they were unable to find the home they were looking for in the rural area 45 miles north of Springfield , so they decided to stop at the nearest home – that of Charles Frederick White , who at the time was 71 .
From the outset , law enforcement began violating White 's rights , as they drove up a long driveway to his home and parked . The detectives immediately noticed the pungent skunk-like smell of unharvested cannabis .
From that point forward , all investigation into the identity theft was abandoned .
White approached the detectives , who spoke to him for a few minutes before leaving . A search warrant was then obtained , and White was eventually charged with growing more than 1,700 marijuana plants .
The problem with this initial contact by the detectives is that White had a closed gate on his driveway — with a posted “ No Trespassing ” sign .
Of course , the detectives claim that the gate was open and they never saw the sign – although two neighbors testified in court , saying they had lived next to White for years , and he NEVER left the gate open .
One of the neighbors even testified that he saw officers approach the gate that day , get out of their car , undo the chain and open the gate .
According to a report by Springfield News-Leader :
White 's attorneys have long argued that the case should have never reached a sentencing , saying White has been unfairly targeted by local , state and federal authorities . Authorities already had their eye on White long before March 2012 , his attorneys say , when overzealous detectives illegally stepped on his property — and trampled his constitutional rights . According to a motion filed by White 's attorneys , this case did n't begin with a Maryland woman 's identity being stolen — it began in a Kansas City parking lot in 2010 . Court records show that a Missouri State Highway Patrol sergeant observed White and another man leaving a hydroponics store and filling a pickup truck with plant-growing equipment . Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets According to court filings , White was the focus of a brief investigation . Details of that investigation were never passed onto the Polk County Sheriff 's Office , the federal prosecutor said . The discovery of more than 1,700 marijuana plants on White 's property , authorities said , was just luck .
The detectives , of course , testified in court that they had never heard of , nor met , White before trespassing on his property in March 2012 , and unsurprisingly , also claimed to have not noticed the “ No Trespassing , ” as they trespassed onto his property .
Court records revealed that police twice went onto White 's property prior to obtaining a search warrant .
Despite the neighbor 's testimony — that they saw the detectives undo the chain and open the gate — the federal judge in the case , Douglas Harpool , refused to suppress the evidence obtained from the clear violation of White 's Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable search and seizure .
Finally , after years of legal wrangling , this week , White , now a 77-year-old man with failing eyesight , walked into the federal courtroom for sentencing with a cane in his hand and shackles around his ankles after accepting a plea deal in February of 2017 .
Harpool said he did n't feel good about handing down a 10-year prison sentence an elderly man over growing a plant that is legal in many states . The judge claimed to have researched ways to give White a downward departure from the 10-year-minimum federal prison sentence – but was unable to find any legal rationale to justify it .
“ This is not a sentence I feel particularly good about , ” Harpool said .
Showing the clear insanity of federal law , a pre-sentence report pegged the time White should serve in prison for his offense at 24 years in prison due to his past convictions for growing cannabis . White was previously convicted in 1990 of growing more than 600 marijuana plants , and in 2004 of cultivating more than 100 marijuana plants .
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today ! Under the terms of White 's plea deal , the federal prosecutor recommended the minimum sentence under U.S. law : 10 years in federal prison . Friends and family who attended the sentencing hearing were dismayed that the case was never thrown out of court due to the clear violations of White 's constitutional rights ( i.e . trespassing onto his personal property ) during the investigation . “ He 's a good man . He 's always been happy and cheerful , ” White 's stepdaughter , Valerie Patterson , said . “ He 's never had a history of violence. ” Robert Murphy , a friend , said officers entered White 's property unlawfully . “ He 's a farmer . He 's always been a farmer , ” Murphy said . “ When he was busted , he was busted illegally. ” White 's attorney suggested home confinement , but the judge said that was not applicable in this case . Judge Harpool eventually sentenced White to 10 years in prison and said that he would recommend that the Bureau of Prisons considers a “ compassionate release ” for White . The fact that this man elderly man , who has no history of violence , is going to prison for 10 years over growing a plant shows the sheer insanity of federal cannabis law . Sadly , it 's likely that White will die in prison over simply farming a plant the US federal government bans – but that over half of the US states have legalized medically – with a growing number having legalized recreationally . Please share this story to awaken others to how the insane war on marijuana destroys the lives of good people ! Jay Syrmopoulos is a geopolitical analyst , freethinker , and ardent opponent of authoritarianism . He is currently a graduate student at the University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs and holds a BA in International Relations . Jay 's writing has been featured on both mainstream and independent media – and has been viewed tens of millions of times . You can follow him on Twitter @ SirMetropolis and on Facebook at SirMetropolis . This article first appeared at The Free Thought Project .
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis on Sunday ( June 14 ) stressed the importance of children having heterosexual parents , just a day after Rome 's gay pride march demonstrated the changing attitudes about same-sex couples outside the Vatican walls .
Addressing around 25,000 followers from the Diocese of Rome , the pope said the differences between men and women are fundamental and “ an integral part of being human . ”
The pontiff likened a long-lasting marriage to a good wine , in which a husband and wife make the most of their gender differences .
“ They 're not scared of the differences ! ” the pope said . “ What great richness this diversity is , a diversity which becomes complementary , but also reciprocal . It binds them , one to the other . ”
Heterosexual marriages not only ensured couples ' happiness , the pontiff said , but were deemed essential for good parenting .
“ Children mature seeing their father and mother like this ; their identity matures being confronted with the love their father and mother have , confronted with this difference , ” Francis said .
But the priests of Rome may face difficulty in bringing the pontiff 's message to their communities , which are increasingly showing their openness to same-sex unions .
Francis ' address came a day after the city 's mayor , Ignazio Marino , marched alongside tens of thousands of people at the march .
The event 's success marked the shifting attitudes in predominantly Catholic Italy about same-sex couples , who currently have no legal status in the country .
Politicians from the political left and right have however agreed to start debating the legalization of civil partnerships , although marriage and gay adoption remain off the table .
Copyright : For copyright information , please check with the distributor of this item , Religion News Service LLC .
Like many other EU institutions , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) actively seeks external expertise for its policies : a total of 22 advisory groups provide ECB decisionmakers with recommendations on all aspects of EU monetary policy . As with other EU bodies , however , there is a hefty industry-bias in many of these expert groups .
Out of 517 available seats across all groups , 508 have been assigned to representatives of private financial institutions . More than 98 per cent of advisors in these circles are therefore providing expertise with a touch of corporate spin .
A mere 16 financial groups , including Deutsche Bank , BNP Paribas , Société Générale , Citigroup and Unicredit , occupy no less than 208 seats .
Among all 144 entities with seats in an ECB advisory group , 64 do not even have an entry in the EU 's lobby register , the EU Transparency Register .
The financial corporations supervised by the ECB command a comfortable majority of the posts as advisers : 346 – two thirds of the total .
Such figures raise the question of whether the membership in the ECB 's advisory groups is a covetable asset for the big private banks , where opportunities to influence programme decisions can come with multi-billion euro stakes for the industry .
There are clear risks hidden in these numbers . The report mentions several key political battles over financial regulations where the advisory groups of the ECB have emerged as straightforward platforms for financial industry lobbying . Examples include the Financial Transaction Tax , the Libor/Euribor scandal , and the Forex scandal .
In connection with the release of the report , Corporate Europe Observatory has sent a letter to the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee ( ECON ) , urging members of Parliament to mount pressure on the European Central Bank to adopt rules on the composition and the work of its advisory groups . Rules that would live up to the standards regarding the ‘ expert groups ' of the Commission , recommended by the European Ombudsman and the European Parliament itself .
Photo by Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
In July , New York City mayor Bill de Blasio called for a one-year cap on the number of for-hire cars on Gotham streets—targeting Uber , the app-based ridesharing service founded in San Francisco in 2009 . In the face of furious political opposition and heavy media coverage , the mayor backed down . De Blasio need only have looked to London to understand how a fight against Uber would turn out .
When Uber arrived in London in March 2012 , the city 's transportation market was already full of cars for hire , from iconic black cabs to so-called minicabs , licensed for prearranged rides . Yet Uber made an impact within months , and its business has steadily grown ; it expects to serve 1 million riders this year and to add another 27,000 drivers next year . Every effort to kill Uber in London has only increased its popularity . The Licensed Private Hire Car Association called on Transport for London ( TfL ) , the city 's transportation regulator , to ban cab-app services in the name of public safety . When that did n't work , the taxi industry charged that Uber 's app functioned as a taximeter , which in London requires a license . In June 2014 , 12,000 taxicab drivers held a citywide slowdown in protest of what they deemed Uber 's illegal use of a taximeter . “ Of course it 's a bloody meter—it calculates fares , ” said Steve McNamara , the general secretary of the Licensed Taxi Drivers Association . Yet Uber calculates fares in the cloud , not on the sort of physical device that the rules cover , and it routes payments through a Netherlands-based entity . “ None of the laws were written for the modern mobile phone and app era , ” said Sir Peter Hendy , the mayor 's transport commissioner . He declared Uber legal .
In London , as in New York , traditional taxis are feeling Uber 's pinch . License applications to drive black cabs are down 20 percent this year , and fewer drivers are willing to spend the two to four years necessary to master the Knowledge , a legendary test of drivers ' familiarity with London 's maze-like streets . London mayor Boris Johnson has acknowledged the taxicab industry 's concerns , expressing his own fears about “ brash American Internet companies and the way they think they can come over and disrupt the market in this country. ” But he refuses to defend the limitations on competition that licensed cabs long enjoyed . “ I 'm afraid it is a tragic fact that there are now more than a million people in this city who have the Uber app , ” Johnson reminded a gathering of taxi drivers . “ You are dealing with a huge economic force , which is consumer choice , and the taxi trade needs to recognize that. ” London 's mayor has had a contentious relationship with taxi drivers . In mid-June of this year , Johnson got into a profane exchange with a cab driver who was shouting abuse at him .
Johnson then proposed a cap on the number of London 's private-hire minicabs , just as de Blasio would attempt to do in New York . In a statement , Johnson noted that “ there are only 25,000 black cabs and 8,000 buses in London and yet there are already over 75,000 minicabs and rising. ” Without naming Uber , he said , “ We must be able to take action against the threat posed by the massive increase we are seeing in the number of private for-hire vehicles. ” Uber lobbied hard against the cap . Jo Bertram , Uber 's head in London , declared that a “ cap on the number of private hire licenses is effectively a limit on choice. ” And in a gesture soon to be mimicked in New York City , Bertram offered to debate the cap with the mayor . Johnson ignored the challenge .
Johnson 's cap proposal may turn out to be a prelude to compromise . The mayor suggested that minicab drivers could perhaps be tested on a pared-down version of the Knowledge in order to operate . “ There will have to be basic geographical knowledge , ” said Johnson . “ There would have to be basic English , basic command of the English language . I do n't think that 's an unreasonable thing , do you ? ” Hendy has now called on the High Court to rule whether or not Uber stands in violation of the taximeter law . That decision should come by October . “ A binding High Court declaration will bring clarity on this issue for all parties , ” explained Leon Daniels , TfL 's managing director of surface transport .
Even if the High Court rules against Uber , the company likely wo n't abandon such a lucrative market , as the mayor recognizes . “ I 'm afraid that Uber will simply come back and change the model , ” he says . “ There 'll be an endless series of technical innovations. ” Indeed , Uber 's influence has already changed the market . Nearly 5,000 black cabs now offer low , fixed prices on off-peak journeys booked through a new app , Gett . The Licensed Taxi Drivers Association concedes that its app is a direct response to Uber . Without the backing of London 's mayor for an outright ban on Uber , the taxi industry has recognized that it must compete on quality and price .
Here 's the thing with The Beatles . We practically know everything there is about the few years John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr have spent together , through obsessively poring through archives upon archives of studio notes , collecting bootleg recordings of alternate takes and live performances , and of course poring through various books written about them .
At this point , barely anything – is left to the imagination . Yet fans have an almost insatiable hunger for new material and information about the Fab Four . A hunger that probably wo n't go away even if Paul McCartney decides to release Carnival of Light or even if EMI decides to open up the Abbey Road archives to everyone .
As a formerly obsessive fan myself , I realize that most of the attention given to the Beatles have been focused on their studio years from 1966 to 1970 . This obsession with that particular period is not without merit – starting with the Strawberry Fields Forever/Penny Lane double single and culminating in the masterpiece LP that is Abbey Road , the studio years have been a whirlwind of creativity and innovation that is arguably unmatched to this day .
But what led The Beatles to this path ? What made them decide to leave concerts and all the money that comes with performing to record-breaking crowds ? This is what director Ron Howard seeks to answer with Eight Days a Week .
Starting off ( pretty vaguely ) from the Hamburg years and culminating in their final concert in Candlestick Park in San Francisco , the documentary covers their touring years and their reasons for retiring from touring .
I honestly think that Eight Days a Week could 've done a better job with a few facts like when Ringo Starr exactly joined the band ( no , he did n't join The Beatles during the Hamburg years as the movie so subtly implied ) , how it downplayed their terrible experience in the Philippines , and their early flirtation with drugs .
But for someone who knows just about nothing about The Beatles other than they sang Let it Be and Yesterday , Eight Days a Week is a good introduction . The documentary explores the early days of Beatlemania , the controversial “ Bigger than Jesus ” remark and the backlash , how different ( and frankly , primitive ) concert preparation back in the 60 's were , with various organizers woefully unprepared to handle crowds of that magnitude , and of course how the grueling touring schedule finally took its toll on the Fab Four .
We 've listened to their songs too much and it 's easy to forget that they were a bunch of kids who just broke the rules all of the time and were way in over their heads . Seeing the Beatles interact with each other , with their personalities in full display was a treat . And I hope this documentary can finally put to rest the notion that Ringo is a terrible drummer .
As a documentary , it does not delve much into the mythos as , say , The Beatles Anthology , but it 's still a fun watch that deserves two hours of your time – especially after the end credits roll and you are treated to footage of their groundbreaking Shea Stadium concert , remastered in 4K .
BRB , gon na listen to all of their releases for the nth time .
Have you seen The Beatles : Eight Days a Week ? What do you think of it ? Let 's talk about it in the comments !
( yeah it 's a lame title , but I couldnt think of anything else . )
So this pic was a request from my wife , whose home country suffered the worst mass shooting from a single assailant in recent modern history . I know that is a HUGE thing to drop on a sweet , simple , happy pic of Undertale , and I do n't want to bum people out , but she wanted it to be specifically Undertale , and to specifically state WHY we might find something good in it .
Feeling helpless , feeling the sorrow and anguish , she wanted to put something nice into the world . As she said , `` It 's all small people like me can do -- ask for a pic of something that makes people smile . Undertale is about hope and love , things that conquer all the rage and evil that tears us apart . It 's about understanding , and compassion . I hope things like Undertale help make the world a better place , simply because if we just inject a bit of compassion and kindness an inch at a time , maybe we can have a better world ? Maybe it will all add up . And stories like Undertale help us remember that , inspire us . ''
It certainly inspired she and I to be more like the themes present in the game . I hope it does for you guys too . If not Undertale , then maybe Star Wars , MLP , Harry Potter ... whatever it is . Stories help us to learn empathy , and motivate us to use that empathy and just ... try our best ....
Honestly , if we all put forth some kindness , maybe the world would be less shitty than it is .
Ok , sorry if this bummed people out . But yeah ... the world bums me out too . But , hope makes me feel so much better , lifts my spirits . Try to take this whole message as one of optimism . As much as I feel bad , I am invigorated by possibilities .
If anything , let stuff like Undertale inspire you to grow into more content , happier , healthier people , to let your pain fade away , simply because you deserve it .
We all do .
The last time Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen pitched , in a Sunday save in Cincinnati , he came close to perfection . The Reds ' Adam Duvall fouled off three pitches and popped up a fourth ; Scott Schebler struck out on three pitches ; and Eugenio Suárez struck out on four pitches . The only strike — or , in this case , ball — against Jansen 's outing was his second pitch to Suárez , which missed by this much .
That thing was 4 whole inches inside . Come on , Kenley .
Jansen has been coming close to perfection with such regularity that it 's strange to see him in an even count any time after the first pitch of a plate appearance . A month earlier , on May 18 in Miami , Jansen actually attained perfection , throwing an immaculate inning ( nine pitches , nine strikes , three outs ) .
As ( almost ) always , Jansen stayed in or near the strike zone as he mowed down the Marlins . And as usual , that did n't help the hitters .
Jansen has been great since the day he debuted in the big leagues , but he 's on another level now , in the first year of the five-year , $ 80 million deal he signed this offseason to stay with the Dodgers . The righty has allowed just four runs ( three earned ) in 29.2 innings , converting all 15 of his save opportunities and recording a 0.30 FIP .
Jansen is n't doing anything dramatically different this year . The righty still throws cutters nearly 90 percent of the time , more often than any other pitcher throws any other pitch aside from Jake McGee 's four-seamer . And he still pounds the plate : Only six pitchers have thrown a higher percentage of their pitches inside the zone . Jansen has always worked this way . The only perceptible change is that for the second consecutive season , he 's throwing the cutter higher than ever before .
Jansen 's cutter is a high-spin pitch — among 107 pitchers who 've thrown at least 25 cutters this season , only four spin theirs faster than his — and he 's racking up whiffs by aiming it up . This GIF of his pitch-frequency heat maps against right-handed hitters in 2016 and 2017 reveals that he 's locating up and away more often this season , with a second hot spot appearing close to the top of the zone .
Not only is Jansen enjoying his highest-ever rate of swings outside the strike zone ( ranking 12th in the majors among pitchers with at least 20 innings ) , but he 's also recording a career-low contact rate inside the zone ( ranking eighth ) . Enticing hitters with probable balls while missing bats with likely strikes is a recipe for a ridiculous strikeout-to-walk ratio , and Jansen 's is such an outlier that it does n't even divide : 50 strikeouts , zero walks .
Fourteen strikeouts ago , Jansen claimed the record for most K 's to start a season before a first walk , breaking the previous record of 35 set by Adam Wainwright in 2013 . Now he 's nearing another record : the most strikeouts over any walkless span of a single season . The table below shows the longest such streaks dating back to 1950 , when the Baseball Prospectus database begins . In light of the lower leaguewide strikeout rates prior to that time , though , the top of an all-time table would likely look the same . ( Tom Morgan , who ranks 166th with a streak of 27 strikeouts without a walk in 1958 , is the only pitcher from the '50s to crack the top 240 . )
With that strikeout of Suárez , Jansen passed both peak Pedro and the less illustrious Matt Shoemaker , who rode his splitter to an unhittable stretch last season . Now he 's chasing two of the best control pitchers ever : Hall of Famer Greg Maddux , and another starter who should be enshrined , Curt Schilling , whose incredible control of the strike zone is equaled only by an incredible lack of control of his postcareer comments and spending .
Obviously , there 's an era effect here : No pitcher reached 40 before 1994 . Strikeout rates have never been higher , and this season 's strikeout-to-walk ratio trails only 2014–16 in baseball 's modern era , which explains why a third of the entries on this list hail from the past three-plus seasons . Jansen 's late-inning relief role also makes this sort of streak more feasible : Only once this season has he had to throw two innings , and he has n't faced a single hitter twice in one game . Jansen 's feat has been both easier to accomplish and , because it 's so protracted , easier to notice than those of Maddux , Schilling , or even Jeff Samardzija , whose streak of 47 earlier this year began several starts into his season and spanned only six outings .
Even so , Jansen 's streak is still historic , and the fact that it comes with a couple of caveats does n't detract from the fun of his Rivera-esque rampage . Jansen , who 's leading the league by a lot with a career-high 79.4 percent first-pitch-strike rate , has thrown just nine pitches in three-ball counts this season , the lowest percentage ( 2.1 ) of any pitcher with 175 or more pitches thrown . His last three-ball count came on May 9 . We 'd have to lower our minimum to 30 pitches to find someone with a higher rate of pitches thrown while ahead in the count than Jansen 's 45.5 percent ; toss out 0–0 offerings , and Jansen has been ahead 61 percent of the time . Small wonder , then , that he 's also allowed the fifth-lowest average exit velocity among pitchers with at least 400 pitches this season . It 's hard for hitters to unload when they 're always worried about protecting the plate .
We have n't even gotten to the truly unfair part . Let 's say Jansen throws one of his rare cutters outside of the strike zone , and that his opponent manages to lay off of the blindingly fast , unpredictably darting delivery . ( Jansen 's cutter ranks fourth in speed , third in vertical movement , and sixth in horizontal movement this season among pitchers with at least 50 cutters thrown . ) The hitter has avoided two of Jansen 's traps , but he might well fall prey to the third : Even after accounting for his proximity to the strike zone — and the fact that the called strike zone tends to shrink when the hitter falls behind — Jansen gets more called strikes than we would expect .
So far this season , 374 pitchers have thrown at least 20 innings . Jansen ranks 32nd on the list in expected strikes added per pitch , which has translated to 10 more strikes than his zone rate alone would lead us to anticipate . That 's because on top of everything else , Jansen has thrown to two of the top four framing catchers this season , Yasmani Grandal and Austin Barnes , who 've teamed up to stake the Dodgers to a very large lead in team runs saved from receiving . The combination of a pitcher with pinpoint command and catchers who can make borderline pitches look more like strikes has also helped extend Jansen 's streak .
Jansen has n't gotten any favors from the umps on his scarce three-ball-count offerings , all of which have been inside the zone .
The closest thing to a questionable call on a three-ball count came on April 15 against Chris Herrmann , who checked his swing but was rung up regardless . But according to Pitch Info 's called-strike-probability data , provided by Baseball Prospectus — which is based on the season , the count , the pitch location ( relative to the batter 's personalized zone ) , the pitch type , and the handedness of the pitcher and batter — that pitch was 64.2 percent likely to be called a strike .
Even if there has n't been a bad call that directly changed a walk to a strikeout , borderline strike calls earlier in counts have still contributed to Jansen 's extreme strikeout-to-walk rate by keeping him out of unfavorable counts . So since we 've already taken every opportunity to praise him , let 's close with a countdown of the 10 Kenley called strikes ( all but one caught by Grandal ) that by the numbers should have been balls , in descending order of strike probability .
10 .
Date : 5/23
Hitter : Matt Carpenter
Count : 0–1
Called-Strike Probability : 43.9
Intended to hit the strike zone 's upper border , this slightly inside pitch missed its target but still earned a strike .
9 .
Date : 5/3
Hitter : Kelby Tomlinson
Count : 0–2
Called-Strike Probability : 40.7
Grandal reaches for this one , too , but glove aside , he 's still enough to coax the call on a pitch that dips beneath the knees .
8 .
Date : 5/3
Hitter : Joe Panik
Count : 1–1
Called-Strike Probability : 31.1
This pitch does n't look as far from the zone as the stats would suggest , but maybe my eyes ( and Grandal ) deceive me .
7 .
Date : 6/2
Hitter : Manny Piña
Count : 0–2
Called-Strike Probability : 22.0
The catcher called for this outside and got it inside instead , but the call went his way , possibly because only his hand was in motion as the pitch approached the plate .
6 .
Date : 4/15
Hitter : Nick Ahmed
Count : 0–0
Called-Strike Probability : 14.0
A classic example of a pitch that looks higher in flight than it does at its destination .
5 .
Date : 5/6
Hitter : Ryan Schimpf
Count : 1–0
Called-Strike Probability : 10.4
This is exactly the type of high strike that Jansen is throwing ( and getting away with ) more often this year , thanks to Grandal 's steady squat and his glove 's subtle tug toward the ground .
4 .
Date : 4/25
Hitter : Brandon Belt
Count : 2–1
Called-Strike Probability : 8.2
Another high strike , and another unhappy hitter .
3 .
Date : 4/15
Hitter : Nick Ahmed
Count : 0–2
Called-Strike Probability : 2.1
Poor Nick Ahmed was victimized twice in one plate appearance , and this time was worse .
2 .
Date : 4/19
Hitter : Trevor Story
Count : 0–0
Called-Strike Probability : 1.2
Grandal vs. gravity : This is another pitch that looks low before Grandal gains yardage after the catch .
1 .
Date : 4/19
Hitter : Gerardo Parra
Count : 0–0
Called-Strike Probability : 0.2
An appropriate stopping point : Hitters who 've faced Jansen , Parra feels your pain .
Jansen has three ways to wear out opponents ; if one does n't work , another will . By elevating his game from its former elite level to unprecedented dominance for almost three months , he 's turned each of his outings into a must-watch ( and mustn't-walk ) event . Maybe we 'll be bored by quasi-automatic outs someday , but for now , Jansen might be baseball 's best argument that a rising strikeout rate is a draw , not a drawback .
Thanks to Rob McQuown of Baseball Prospectus for research assistance .
Juventus and Real Madrid reached an agreement over right-back Danilo and the Italian club will pay €20 million to sign the player , according to Diario AS .
Danilo was expected to become a starter when he signed for Madrid two years ago but Dani Carvajal never lost his spot . Danilo never proved his true potential and was often considered the weak spot on Madrid 's defensive line after some shaky performances that cost Los Blancos some points .
Still , Real Madrid could 've hoped for a better deal . They spent around €30 million in the summer of 2015 and Danilo is still 25 years old . Furthermore , Juventus clearly have the money to improve their offer and they could be competing with Real Madrid in Europe for the next couple of years just like they did in the 2017 Champions League Final .
The deal has not been confirmed but Danilo will most likely leave Real Madrid this summer , meaning that Nacho could be Carvajal 's backup on the right wing .
For a third year , Sunny Leone , Hindi film actor of Indo-Canadian and American origin , remained the most searched personality in India during 2014 . Leone pipped Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who was the second on the list amid the aggressive digital campaigns during the Lok Sabha elections . “ Prime Minister was one of the top most searched personalities this year , coming ahead of Bollywood biggies — the first time a politician has gained more search popularity than entertainment celebrities , ” internet major said . “ The historic 2014 Lok Sabha elections emerged as India 's first digital election and revealed that an online presence mattered considerably for all political parties. ” The term ‘ Elections 2014 ' topped India 's trending lists in 2014 , followed by FIFA 2014 , iPhone 6 , GATE 2015 and IPL 2014 . ( 2014 : YEAR IN SEARCH - WHO GOOGLED WHAT ) ‘ YIS ' offers a perspective on the year 's biggest interests , major events and searches that ruled the web in India . continued to be the most searched personality , just ahead of perennial favourites Salman Khan , and Cricket came second only to Bollywood in trending searches , with Virat Kohli emerging at the top of the charts , just ahead of Sachin Tendulkar , whose popularity endures even after his retirement , it said . “ The finding is a clear testimony of India 's growing interest in issues of importance .
The 2014 Lok Sabha elections pointed to the power of digital media and also to the unprecedented demand for information , ” India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said . Also , there has been an exponential increase in the number of Internet searches this year , not only on desktops but also smartphones , a trend reflective of India 's growing digital emergence as the next billion Indians begin to embrace the power of the Internet , Anandan said . Bollywood thriller , Ragini MMS 2 topped the chart this year as the most searched movie , while popular tracks included Bang Bang 's title track and Honey Singh 's ‘ Blue eyes ' . Increasing smartphone sales in India and a growing demand for internet access on handheld devices has seen a huge spike in internet search on mobile devices in 2014 . Railway enquiries , cricket news and online shopping , followed by songs and film clips , were among the top searches on handheld devices . Weather information , games and wallpaper downloads also formed a large section of these searches .
ALSO READ : India 's trouble with monitoring of social media continues
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Now comes Act III for Obama , and the critical question : will he change the script ?
The election results on Tuesday night were no surprise : a tea party-fueled tsunami of discontent washed away the House Democratic majority and eroded much of the Democrats ' territory in the Senate . It was a historic rout . The initial returns indicated the Republicans would pick up five dozen or so House seats and end up with a commanding majority in that chamber . Prominent House Democrats—Florida 's Alan Grayson , South Carolina 's John Spratt , Virginia 's Tom Perriello—lost . Tea party favorite Rand Paul dominated the early returns , winning the Kentucky Senate seat . Sen. Russ Feingold , a three-term , non-establishment Democratic progressive from Wisconsin—gone . Republican candidates with lobbying and corporate ties waltzed into office . A reelected Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R-Minn. ) will be commanding a sizable tea party caucus in the House . Republicans made signficant gains in gubernatorial races and state legislative contests , placing the party in a strong position to consolidate power by redrawing congressional districts in key states .
And all this was utterly predictable . With high unemployment persisting , polling had made it clear for months—perhaps over a year—that Obama and the Democrats had backed themselves onto the edge of a cliff . Yet the president and his strategists—David Axelrod , Rahm Emanuel , and others—failed to plot a path to safety . At times , it even appeared they were not exerting themselves fully—such as this past August when the White House did nothing special to prepare for the coming elections .
In his first eighteen months in office , Obama racked up impressive achievements : a stimulus bill that saved or created millions of jobs ( though not enough ) , health care reform legislation that contained significant improvements ( though it also included hard-to-understand provisions and eschewed a public option ) , and a Wall Street reform measure that set up a new consumer financial protection agency ( though it did not tighten up the rules of the road sufficiently ) . But the president , who had presented such a compelling tale as a candidate , allowed Rep. John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) and Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) to outfox and outmaneuver him . The GOP did all it could to block Obama 's agenda and then claimed he had not succeeded . Its leaders lied about the stimulus ( claiming it had literally produced no new jobs ) , and they enabled and cheered on tea party critics of health care reform , who decried nonexistent “ death panels ” and who compared Democratic supporters of the bill to “ Nazis. ” And Obama never fully called them out .
If Obama—the guy with the bully pulpit— fails to define the opposition in clear terms , it will keep on defining him .
In the face of GOP demagoguery , subversion , and obstruction , Obama won legislative battles—his margins in Congress were large enough for that—but he never managed to win the story .
Republican narratives ( “ socialism , ” “ no new jobs , ” “ too much spending ” ) triumphed and fed the tea party fires , while Obama , staying true to his 2008 vow to transcend partisan wrangling , kept insisting that he could do business with the other side for the common good of the nation . He did occasionally poke the GOPers in the eye for it 's drumbeat of “ no , ” but he went back and forth , sometimes denouncing them , sometimes negotiating with them ( often for naught ) . At best , he presented a mixed message . And the results are obvious . The Republican 's stark rallying cry ( No to Obama ) subsumed Obama 's balancing act ( We Must Work Together and Have Patience , But The Other Side Sometimes Does n't Really Try ) .
Now Obama has a tough choice . Does he continue with this approach , even as the Republican caucuses in the House and Senate shift toward the right and greater extremism , or does he recalibrate and set a more confrontational tone ? It 's true , as the conventional pundits say , that American voters do n't like confrontation in Washington . But if Obama—the guy with the bully pulpit—fails to define the opposition in clear terms , it will keep on defining him and his initiatives to their advantage .
This is not just about politics—and winning in 2012 . It 's about policy . With the Republicans in charge of the House , Obama 's accomplishments are in jeopardy . The GOPers may not attempt to repeal the entire health care reform act—though Bachmann and Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R-Tenn. ) vowed to do so on election night . But the Republicans can try to limit or restrict funding for the implementation of various provisions of that bill . Ditto for the enacted Wall Street reform legislation and parts of the stimulus package . To protect these and other policy victories , Obama is going to have to engage in divisive battle with the Republicans . ( In the Senate , Rand Paul can use a variety of parliamentary rules to bring any and all action to a halt . And if he blocks raising the debt ceiling , he could singlehandedly precipitate a global economic crisis . )
Yet in the days before the elections , Obama was still sending I-can-work-with-them smoke signals . He told the New York Times he was optimistic he could find common cause with Republicans after the elections : “ It may be that regardless of what happens after this election , they feel more responsible , either because they did n't do as well as they anticipated , and so the strategy of just saying no to everything and sitting on the sidelines and throwing bombs did n't work for them , or they did reasonably well , in which case the American people are going to be looking to them to offer serious proposals and work with me in a serious way . ”
In other words , Obama did n't recognize that the tea party-ized GOP , which has striven to block his key initiatives and catered to corporate interests , is not likely to change its inclinations after these elections . In fact , the tea party influence is likely to be stronger , and that means the Republican impulse to obstruct will be more intense . ( After that interview became public , a prominent Democratic strategist angrily complained to me : he was signing Democratic fundraising emails that slammed the GOP as implacable opponents to Obama 's policies , yet the president was undercutting this message by describing the Rs as reasonable foes . )
Last week , when asked how the president will be able to work with empowered and more conservative congressional Republicans , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs did n't have much to say : “ We are going to be in a situation…that will require progress to be made only by working—where that 's possible—only through working together. ” He did n't acknowledge that Obama would be facing a brick wall of opposition . Moreover , this opposition will have two bedeviling ( for the White House ) components to it . The newly elected Republicans are more ideologically obdurate than the current band in Congress , and the House leaders are veterans who presumably learned from the excesses of the 1990s , when Newt Gingrich bumbled the job . An opposition with more ideological fervor and more savvy—that 's not a good recipe for the White House .
In Obama 's first act—as candidate—he effectively sold himself as a pol who could change Washington rancorous ways . In his second act—as president with whopping majorities in the House and Senate—he won the legislative battles with his nuanced tactics but lost the political war to a fierce and blunt opposition . His next act—as a president facing tremendous national problems but challenged by a hostile House—requires a significant rewrite . If he does n't get it right , there may not be an Act IV .
More than 100 lawyers stand up for # ThisFlag Evan Mawarire
By Aviwe Mtila | CNBCAfrica |
More than a hundred Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights appeared at Harare 's Rotten Row Court on Wednesday to show support for Pastor Evan Mawarire-the anti-corruption activist running a campaign called # ThisFlag .
The lawyers supported Mawarire who faces charges of inciting violence and disturbing the peace after staging the country 's biggest shutdown protest , in over a decade , on July 6 .
Mawarire handed himself over to police on Tuesday in the company of a lawyer after a request to question him . This was the day before more planned protests across Zimbabwe . Mawarire 's arrest has outraged many Zimbabweans .
“ His only crime is calling on the government to arrest criminals . Even the support from lawyers today shows the level of injustice that the police have applied on Mawarire . It is also a stern message to the government that they wo n't let government dehumanize people without an equal response from legal experts , ” says Trust Matsilele , a Forbes Africa and CNBC Africa journalist , Trust Matsilele .
While court proceedings were underway , many Zimbabweans from the private sector stayed away from work in solidarity with the planned protest . Not all civil servants herded the call .
Matsilele says this is largely affected by the Public Service Commission taking down names of those who stayed away .
“ Civil servants are scared of losing their jobs even though they are n't getting paid much . Zimbabwean Intelligence is moving around the various government offices with the intention of intimidating people , ” says Matsilele .
In an interview with CNBC Africa 's Open Exchange , Matsilele expressed his views on the police brutality in Zimbabwe that has been circulating in various social media platforms .
“ Police are the ones committing extreme violence on citizens . I 'm yet to see recorded violence where citizens are the ones committing violence towards the police , ” says Matsilele .
Matsilele confirmed a few cases of retaliation where citizens were defending themselves against police brutality .
We contacted the director of Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights , Irene Petros , but she was inside the court with Mawarire and could n't speak .
For most Americans , it is virtually impossible to escape scrutiny , surveillance and investigation by the government . Nearly every action , financial transaction , Internet browse and travel habit is capture by various systems , analyzed for for patterns and — if a “ pre-defined ” pattern is found — referred to law enforcement for investigation .
When you use a credit card to buy a tank of gas for your car , the date , time , plate and amount is forwarded automatically by your bank or credit card company to a massive computer located in an unmarked black-faced building at 3801 Fairfax Drive in Arlington , Virginia — headquarters of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) — and from there sent to the National Security Agency , FBI , Internal Revenue Service and other government entities .
DARPA , not Al Gore , created the Internet . Back then it was called “ DARPANet . ”
The video that captures you filling that tank at your local service station is also available to government , as is vicdeo from traffic cameras and other location . When you stop by an ATM , the details of your transaction becomes immediately available to the government . The image of you using that ATM may be transmitted as well .
The public has been assured several times that this system — known as Total Information Awareness ( TIA ) — was never implemented and was shut down . An investigation by Capitol Hill Blue found that is a lie . DARPA and the NSA put the system into full operation several years ago and it continues to function today with the full knowledge and support of the Obama White House and select members of Congress . The name has been changed — slightly — is now called the “ Terrorist Information Awareness System . ”
Congress eliminated funding for TIA in 2003 but DARPA simply moved the project into the Pentagon 's “ black bag ” secret ops program which does not have to report openly to Congress . Only members of House and Senate intelligence committees , which meet behind electronically protected closed doors — know the system still exists .
When you buy your next tank of gas , the system looks at the previous purchase and establishes a travel pattern . Same for an airline ticket , train ticket or subway system “ smart card . ”
When you talk on your cellphone , listening posts scattered across the nation record the call . If a pattern of words is detected by a computer algorithm an alert is sent to the law . Congratulations . You 've just become a suspected terrorist .
TIA knows what shows you watch on DirecTV , what books you check out of local library and when you bought that 30th Anniversary DVD of “ Debbie Does Dallas. ” If it knows about your girlfriend and the tennis pro your wife is banging . It knows what booze you buy and how much you have to drink at your local pub .
Use Facebook ? Be careful . The State Department is developing a system to “ provide deep analysis of topics , conversations , network , and influencers of hte global social web . ”
The military is already monitoring Facebook and Twitter accounts with a system called the Web Information Data System Module ( WISDOM ) , developed by Lockheed Martin .
The Department of Homeland Security has an “ Office of Screening Coordinating and Operations , ” created during the George W. Bush Administration and expanded under Obama . It compiles digital fingerprints , photographs , eye scans and personal information on millions of Americans .
A report by the General Accounting Office found more than 200 “ data mining ” projects within the federal government . The goal : Collect personal information and compile dossiers on millions of Americans .
And the number of government programs dedicated to tracking Americans increases every day .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
1992 studio album by Sublime
40oz . to Freedom is the 1992 debut album by the Southern California ska-punk band Sublime released by Skunk Records and again by MCA . 40oz . to Freedom received mixed critical reviews upon its first release , but has earned an improved public perception since . Sublime would not achieve any mainstream success until the release of their eponymous album in 1996 , two months after the death of their lead singer and guitarist , Bradley Nowell . As of 2011 , the album has certified sales of two million copies in the US , and is Sublime 's second best-selling studio album there ( the self-titled album leads with six million ) . Along with The Offspring 's 1994 album Smash , 40oz . to Freedom is one of the highest-selling independently released albums of all time . [ citation needed ]
40oz . to Freedom 's sound blended various forms of Jamaican music , including ska ( `` Date Rape '' ) , rocksteady ( `` 54-46 That 's My Number '' ) , roots reggae ( `` Smoke Two Joints '' ) and dub ( `` Let 's Go Get Stoned '' , `` D.J.s '' ) with British and American hardcore punk ( `` New Thrash '' , `` Hope '' ) , and hip hop ( as in `` Live at E 's '' ) .
Background [ edit ]
At the age of sixteen , Bradley Nowell began playing guitar and started his first band , Hogan 's Heroes ( not to be confused with the New Jersey hardcore punk band of the same name ) , with Michael Yates and Eric Wilson , who would later become Sublime 's bassist . [ 1 ] At first , Wilson did not share Nowell 's interest in reggae music . Nowell recalled the experience : `` I was trying to get them to do ( UB40 's version of ) 'Cherry Oh Baby ' , and it did n't work . They tried , but it just sounded like such garbage . We were horrible . `` [ 2 ]
In 1990 , music student Michael `` Miguel '' Happoldt approached the band , offering to let the band record in the studio at the school where Happoldt was studying . The band enthusiastically agreed and trespassed into the school at night , where they recorded from midnight to seven in the morning . [ 3 ] The recording session resulted in the popular cassette tape called Jah Wo n't Pay the Bills , which was released in 1991 . The tape helped the band gain a grassroots following throughout Southern California . Using the same tactics implemented for the recording of Jah Wo n't Pay the Bills , the band recorded 40oz . to Freedom in secrecy at the studios in California State University , Dominguez Hills . [ 4 ] Nowell recalled `` You were n't supposed to be in there after 9 p.m. , but we 'd go in at 9:30 and stay until 5 in the morning . We 'd just hide from the security guards . They never knew we were there . We managed to get $ 30,000 worth of studio time for free . `` [ 4 ]
Influences [ edit ]
Sublime themselves credit a number of local reggae and rap bands from California for inspiration in their Thanx Dub . In addition to explicit mentions of artists like KRS-One and Half Pint , Nowell makes copious allusions to others through his lyrics . `` Stolen from an Africa land '' in Do n't Push , for example , alludes to Bob Marley 's `` Buffalo Soldier '' . References are also made to Boomtown Rats , Beastie Boys , Tenor Saw , Pink Floyd , The Specials , The Ziggens , Minutemen , Jimi Hendrix , Just-Ice , Fishbone , Public Enemy and Flavor Flav among others . [ 5 ]
The album has six covers :
The song `` Do n't Push '' contains lyrics from the Beastie Boys song `` Looking Down the Barrel of a Gun '' . The song `` D.J.s '' contains a lyric from Bob Marley 's `` Ride Natty Ride '' with `` Dred got ta a job to do '' . The song `` D.J.s '' closes with lyrics from the Dandy Livingstone song `` Rudy , A Message to You '' which was popularized by The Specials , another band often credited as a Sublime influence . In `` New Thrash , '' the words `` There ai n't no life nowhere '' can be heard in the background , a reference to the Jimi Hendrix Experience song `` I Do n't Live Today '' where the same words can be heard . New Song starts the same as the 1990 song 'The Nigga Ya Love To Hate ' by Ice Cube , with the line `` I hear payback 's ' a motherfuckin '' .
Release history [ edit ]
The album was originally released by Skunk Records on compact disc and cassette . The original cassette version contained a longer version of the track `` Thanx '' ; the cassette version was 5:56 , while the length was 4:23 on all other releases of the album . A longer instrumental version of the recording appears on the compilation Second-hand Smoke as `` Thanx Dub '' , with a length of 6:28 .
The album was reissued by Gasoline Alley Records and MCA with a different track listing , removing the song `` Get Out ! '' and the hidden track `` Rawhide '' due to copyright issues — `` Get Out ! '' contained unlicensed samples , and `` Rawhide '' , which appeared at the end of `` Date Rape '' , was an uncredited cover of the theme to the TV series of the same name . However , in the album booklet , the lyrics for `` Get Out '' are still printed . Additionally , other unlicensed samples were removed from the songs `` We 're Only Gon na Die for Our Arrogance '' and `` Let 's Go Get Stoned '' .
The reedited version was released as a picture disc limited edition vinyl album in 2002 , following the sixth anniversary of the events of 1996 . A limited edition vinyl was released through Hot Topic in 2010 .
Reception and legacy [ edit ]
Sales [ edit ]
Since its release in 1992 , the album has proved to be a seller over time , moving over two million copies in the US alone and being certified Multi Platinum by the RIAA . [ 6 ]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Remembering the album on the 25th anniversary of its release , LA Weekly wrote , `` If 40oz . to Freedom revels in its careening , narcotic whimsy , that 's partially why it 's stood the test of time . At its core , music is utilitarian , and Sublime reached a universality of experience that ca n't become obsolete . `` [ 7 ]
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks produced Sublime and Elephant Levitation , except where noted . [ 11 ]
Skunk Records compact disc No . Title Length 23 . `` Thanx '' 4:23 Total length : 73:48
Personnel [ edit ]
Sublime
Bradley Nowell – vocals , guitar , and percussion
Eric Wilson – bass , vocals ( track # 11 ) , and xylophone ( track # 21 )
Bud Gaugh – drums and percussion ( tracks # 7 , # 8 , # 12 , and # 16 )
Other Personnel
Marshall Goodman – drums , ( all tracks except # 7 , # 8 , # 12 , and # 16 ) turntables , samples , and vocals ( track # 11 )
Brian Wallace – baritone saxophone
Chris Hauser – trumpet
Production [ edit ]
Producers : Michael `` Miguel '' Happoldt , Sublime , Elephant Levitation
Engineers : Anthony Antoine Arvizu , Steve McNeil
Mastering : Brian Gardner
Artwork : Opie Ortiz
Photos : Josh Coffman
Chart positions [ edit ]
Album [ edit ]
Year Album Chart Position 1995 40oz . to Freedom Heatseekers No . 15
In a paper appearing in the Sept. 16 online edition of Science , Matthew Vander Heiden assistant professor of biology and member of the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research at MIT and researchers at Harvard University report a previously unknown element of cancer cells ' peculiar metabolism . They found that cells can trigger an alternative biochemical pathway that speeds up their metabolism and diverts the byproducts to construct new cells .
The finding could help scientists design drugs that block cancer-cell metabolism , essentially starving them of the materials they need to grow and spread . Vander Heiden has just begun tests in mice of several such drugs .
Just as trees can be turned into logs to build a new house , or firewood to generate heat , sugar can serve many purposes . In a normal cell , most of the sugar is burned up for energy , with little left over to build anything new . Cancer cells , on the other hand , need building blocks for new cells as well as energy .
`` If you have a forest of trees , you can take all the trees and burn them and release a lot of energy , but you have n't built anything , '' says Vander Heiden . `` To build a house out of it , you need to save some logs to turn them into lumber . ''
Most human cells burn a six-carbon sugar called glucose . Through a long chain of reactions that require oxygen , the cells extract energy from the sugar and store it in molecular energy packets known as ATP . Cells use ATP to power a variety of functions , such as transporting molecules in and out of the cell , contracting muscle fibers and maintaining cell structure .
Glucose metabolism normally occurs in two stages , the first of which is known as glycolysis . It has been known for decades that cancer cells perform gylcolysis only , skipping the second stage , which is where most of the ATP is generated .
Vander Heiden 's new study focuses on glycolysis , traditionally thought to be a linear , nine-step process by which a cell turns one molecule of glucose into two molecules of pyruvate , an organic compound with three carbon atoms . That pyruvate is usually fed into the second phase of glucose metabolism .
`` Everyone takes it for granted that this is how it works , '' says Vander Heiden , who did this research as a postdoctoral fellow in the lab of Harvard Medical School Professor Lewis Cantley , senior author of the paper . But the new study shows that `` there is another way it can work , and this other way seems to be at play in proliferating cells . '' That could include rapidly dividing embryonic cells as well as cancer cells .
Scientists already knew that cancer cells replace one type of key metabolic enzyme known as pyruvate kinase with another . Both versions of the enzyme ( PKM1 and PKM2 ) catalyze the very last step of glycolysis , which is the transformation of a compound called PEP to the final product , pyruvate .
In the new study , the researchers found that PEP is involved in a previously unknown feedback loop that bypasses the final step of glycolysis . In cancer cells , PKM2 is not very active , causing PEP to accumulate . That excess PEP activates an enzyme called PGAM , which catalyzes an earlier step in glycolysis . When PGAM receives that extra boost , it produces even more PEP , creating a positive feedback loop in which the more PEP a cell has , the more it makes .
The most important result of this loop is that the cell generates a large pool of another chemical that is formed during an intermediate step of the reaction chain . Vander Heiden believes this compound , called 3-phosphoglycerate , is diverted into synthetic pathways such as the production of DNA , which can become part of a new cancer cell . In future studies , he plans to investigate how that diversion occurs .
This study suggests that drugs that activate PKM2 could be promising cancer treatments , says Vander Heiden . If PKM2 were highly activated , cancer cells would alter the metabolism of PEP , blocking the alternative pathway and hindering the production of new building blocks .
Funding was provided by the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation , the Burroughs Wellcome Fund , the American Cancer Society and the National Institutes of Health .
Mississippi defensive lineman Robert Nkemdiche plays against Fresno State . ( Photo : Justin Ford USA TODAY Sports )
Finish the sentence : If the season ended today , the Detroit Lions would ...
... not make the playoffs .
... end their fans ' suffering .
... own the No . 1 pick in the NFL draft .
Let 's concentrate on that last one and see what will be available to the Lions , eh ? Even if you 're an optimist and figure they wo n't hang on to the top pick , they have a running start at landing in the top 10 .
They need just about everything , so almost every position is fair game , except perhaps for tight end — where they spent a high pick on Eric Ebron two years ago — quarterback and specialists .
Even if you 're not a Matthew Stafford fan , it just would n't make much sense to spend a high first-round pick on a quarterback , considering his contract . Later rounds , maybe .
• Related : Follow Schrader 's sports oddities in the Ticker
So here we go :
Offensive linemen
We 'll start here because it 's the Lions ' No . 1 problem spot , even though they 've taken offensive linemen with their top pick twice in the past four years : Riley Reiff in 2012 and Laken Tomlinson this year ( there 's also Ebron , but he was n't drafted for his blocking skills ) .
The good news is there are a lot of linemen — offensive and defensive — at the top of all the big boards :
• Ronnie Stanley , Notre Dame : This is whom Dane Brugler has the Lions taking with the projected seventh pick in his mock draft ( yes , they already exist ) at cbssports.com . Brugler writes : `` While Riley Reiff has one of the offensive tackle spots locked down for the Lions , the other side is n't nearly as secure . Stanley is n't a flawless prospect as he needs refinement to his game , but the natural tools can not be coached . ''
• Laremy Tunsil , Ole Miss : While Stanley is ranked seventh on Mel Kiper Jr. 's Big Board at espn.com , Tunsil is fourth . But it 's close , as Kiper writes : `` When healthy , Tunsil 's the best pass-blocker in the draft , a guy who would n't look out of place if he had to play on Sundays this season . He 's a nimble but powerful left tackle prospect and has all the traits you look for at that spot . If he 's healthy , he 's an early pick . If not , Ronnie Stanley will overtake him as the top tackle prospect . ''
Kiper 's colleague , Todd McShay , has Tunsil and Stanley ranked Nos . 5-6 on his Top 32 at espn.com
• Jack Conklin , Michigan State : McShay writes that `` Conklin is known for his ability to impact the run game , but coming into the season , we thought NFL-level edge rushers might give him a bit more trouble in pass protection . But the left tackle got the best of Oregon 's DeForest Buckner when the two matched up against each other on Sept. 12 . While his stock is rising , he suffered a left knee injury against Central Michigan , which should be closely monitored . ''
Receivers
There have been rumblings for a while that it was time for the Lions to look for a successor to Calvin Johnson , who just turned 30 — as far back as 2014 , when they took Ebron two spots before the New York Giants got Odell Beckham Jr .
But there are n't many receivers in the top 10 of most big boards now :
• Laquon Treadwell , Ole Miss : He 's the top-ranked receiver on most of the big boards . Rob Rang of cbssports.com has him ranked No . 10 overall : `` Concerns about his top-end speed remain , but Treadwell 's NFL-ready frame , body control and hand-eye coordination make him a nightmare to defend . ''
• Michael Thomas , Ohio State : He 's No . 11 on McShay 's Top 32 ( though he slipped out of the top 10 in the most recent rankings ) . McShay writes : `` He has shown he 's strong and tough enough to make difficult catches over the middle . He 's a long-strider with somewhat deceptive top-end speed to kill pursuit angles . ''
• Josh Doctson , TCU : This is a late entry . Kiper writes : `` Doctson has 567 yards in his past three games . ... He 's the best wide receiver I 've seen this season at attacking the ball in the air . ''
Running backs
This also is an unlikely choice , with Ameer Abdullah being around and running backs not being considered worth high picks anymore .
And , since LSU 's Leonard Fournette is a sophomore , there really is just one projected as a possible first-round pick :
• Ezekiel Elliott , Ohio State : Elliott is averaging 145.8 yards rushing through five games , and his eight touchdowns lead the Buckeyes ' scoring . Where would they be without him ?
Defensive line
Have you heard Ndamukong Suh is n't here anymore ? The Lions did n't address that need high in this year 's draft , so it might be time . And defensive linemen are at the top of the draft boards .
• Robert Nkemdiche , Ole Miss : The defensive tackle is Kiper 's No . 1 : `` Now up to 6-foot-4 and 295 pounds , he still moves like a guy carrying about 40-50 pounds less . ... Nkemdiche is n't just quick , though ; he also has strength at the point and does n't get eaten up by double-teams . If he stays healthy he 'll end up in the top five . ''
• Joey Bosa , Ohio State : The defensive end is McShay 's top pick : `` Bosa shows a consistent ability to convert speed to power and uses a wide array of pass-rush moves — swim , rip , club , spin . With experience playing DE on both sides and moving inside to DT on obvious pass downs , Bosa brings a lot of scheme versatility to the table . ''
• DeForest Buckner , Oregon : The end is everybody 's third choice on the defensive line . Rang — who has Bosa and Nkemdiche ranked 1-2 — writes : `` Buckner is n't an explosive edge rusher but his length , strength and balance will intrigue coaches at the next level . ''
Linebackers
It 's another need for the Lions , but the market looks iffy for linebackers in this draft . The pundits can agree on one as a top-10 talent , but after that , there 's no consensus :
• Jaylon Smith , Notre Dame : Kiper writes , `` It 's really hard to pick out flaws , aside from a missed tackle here and there , and Smith is making a case to be a versatile outside linebacker you can select knowing he can be plugged in right away . Smith can be moved around , has good length and can flat-out fly for a linebacker , with sub-4.5 speed . ''
Secondary
It 's agreed every year that the Lions need help in the secondary , but they have n't drafted a defensive back in the first round since they got burned by Terry Fair in 1998 .
So they wo n't listen , but here 's the top-10 talent that 's available :
• Vernon Hargreaves III , Florida : Rang writes that the cornerback `` combines instincts , agility and controlled aggression to shut down one side of the field in coverage . Hargreaves does n't have ideal size but he 's highly aggressive , including in fighting off blocks and looking to tackle backs in run support . ''
• Jalen Ramsey , Florida State : Kiper says that he `` would have rated him the top safety taken in the 2015 draft , but this year he 's at cornerback . He has the length , range and exceptional instincts to make plays all over the field , and an expected smooth transition to corner is happening . He is a truly gifted athlete . ''
Contact Steve Schrader : sschrader @ freepress.com . Follow him on Twitter @ schradz .
The Walking Dead returns on February 8 with its mid-season premiere , and I , for one , have my “ I < 3 Daryl Dixon ” wristband on in preparation . Even in this time of excitement , it 's still important to remember the corpses that , er , cleared the path for our current undead addiction .
There 's probably no easier way to get horror fans fighting than to declare the living-impaired former humans that do n't conform to specific characteristics of a zombie are , in fact , zombies . I 'm speaking , of course , of the original modern zombies , which first appeared in George Romero 's Night of the Living Dead . : mindless , shuffling , flesh-hungry automatons . The phone crazies in Stephen King 's Cell , for example , are still technically alive , so even though they attack the living in mobs , often show signs of rot and decay , and appear to have no higher reason , you might have a fight on your hands if you use the z-word on them .
You do n't see this kind of genre-policing with other monsters like , say , the vampire . A lot of people roll their eyes at the sparkling vamps in Twilight , but very few deny that they fit in the larger definition . Fiction has given us vampires that walk in the sun , do n't need blood as sustenance , or are a separate species from humans ( meaning , contrary to legend , vampirism is n't contagious ) .
Indeed , eschewing legend was what set Romero 's 1969 film apart . Before Night of the Living Dead , the zombie was more like a golem , created by a sorcerer towards a specific , often murderous , purpose . They were the tools of someone 's will , not a mob united towards a shared ravenous purpose . It tickles my sense of irony , then , that in the world of Robert Kirkman 's The Walking Dead , whose zombies follow so perfectly the Romero formula , his iconic film does n't exist ( Kirkman himself has said this is why his characters do n't call the walkers zombies , and why they do n't know right off the bat to aim for the head ) .
If you are a traditionalist who likes zombies slow , stupid , and starving for brains , here are six books that are n't shy about taking a page from the Romero playbook .
Day by Day Armageddon , by JL Bourne
Written in diary form from the point of view of a soldier on leave from deployment overseas , Day by Day Armageddon has a much better sense of bullets-to-kill-shot ratios than one usually finds in zombie fiction . From a purely practical standpoint , Rick & Co. simply can not be landing as many headshots as they do . While the novel does n't particularly address the larger questions of human society in the apocalypse , it does very carefully address the smaller ones : the nuts and bolts of survival .
The Gospel of Z , by Stephen Graham Jones
This may be a harder sell as a traditional zombie novel , as it includes giant constructed mecha-zombies and a cult devoted to armadillos , but the zombies in The Gospel of Z are otherwise pretty traditional . ( They do also have a tendency to bear-crawl , which is very alarming . ) Done well , zombie stories grapple with grief , as everyone surviving has lost everyone who has n't . Jones runs the apocalypse 10 years down the road , from this place of familiarity to escalating weirdness , providing emotionally resonant way to express that loss .
The Reapers Are the Angels , by Alden Bell
Temple , the main character of The Reaper 's Are the Angels , is the harsh , pragmatic daughter of a zombie-blighted American south . In some ways , she 's more comfortable with the dead than the living ; the simplicity of their needs is , if not enviable , then at least more legible than those of the living . The novel probably owes more to the Old Testament morality of the Southern Gothic than it does to Romero 's class commentary , but the zombies are the same , down to the fact that anyone who dies , turns . ( A surprisingly uncommon detail , even in the most faithful zombie novel . )
This Dark Earth , by John Hornor Jacobs
There 's a lot about This Dark Earth that follows the tropes of zombie fiction very closely , from the zombies themselves , to broader questions often posed by post-apocalyptic fiction : how will we maintain our humanity in the face of relentless savagery ? But Jacobs does n't have to rely on gimmicks to explore the question of society . The Prince , like Carl from Walking Dead , can not remember the modern world , and the line between expediency and cruelty grows thin .
World War Z , by Max Brooks
When the film version of World War Z transformed the book 's slow zombies into fast ones , a million voices cried out in terror . Understandably : almost none of the book holds up with the shift to “ fast zombies. ” While the novel does n't hew exactly to Romero , Brooks ' zombies function much like Romero 's in the narrative : they are there to show society 's responses to civic trauma . Not everyone who dies becomes a zombie , leading to the awful military choice to kill the living to create a firebreak against the dead . Contrast this with the opening to Dawn of the Dead , which shows a police force at odds with the residents of an apartment building who are protecting their reanimating dead in defiance of martial law . While the zombies may be slightly different , both writers use them to show the tension between community and security .
Zone One , by Colson Whitehead
In Whitehead 's novel , in addition to the usual slow , collecting mob , there exists a small number of undead called “ stragglers , ” who are frozen in tableau while doing everyday things—flying a kite , running a copy machine . The characters ruminate on these creatures : was this the action that defined the straggler 's life , or just a random moment caught like a photo ? ( This results in some mordant comedy , such as when one character blows away a straggler standing over a fast food deep fryer “ on principle. ” ) Zone One is less a genre exercise than a eulogy to a lost New York , and the stragglers , as they stand rotting , fit beautifully into his observations and reflections . Is our memory of the past random or representative ?
How do you take your zombies : Fast ? Slow ? Mindless ? Self-Aware ? Mix and match to make your favorite and let us know .
View more videos at : http : //nbclosangeles.com .
In 1964 Norma and Bob Clark had a wonderful wedding in Northern California . Everything was perfect .
Nearly five decades later , the happily married couple , now in their seventies , live in Redlands .
But while getting paperwork in order in case one of them passed away , they made a somewhat disturbing discovery -- they were never legally married , because they had no marriage license .
`` I could n't find it , and could n't find it for a reason , because it was n't there , '' Norma Clark said .
When couples get a marriage license , the person who then marries them must return the license to their county record office , where it becomes a marriage certificate .
Read more from NBCLosAngeles.com
The pastor who married the Clark 's apparently never did that .
Bob Clark went to the San Bernardino County Hall of Records to try to fix everything . The couple first told the story to the Redlands Daily Facts .
`` I just went in there thinking I could just do it , and she said , 'No , no , you have to have witnesses , ' '' Clark said .
`` Well , you know most people at our wedding are dead . If we had waited a couple more years , we would have been in trouble , ” he added .
'You Can Be Right ' investigates modern love and marriage
Luckily , the Clarks had their old maid of honor and junior usher in town for the holidays . The four of them , among others , finally made it official .
The Clarks ' son , Alex , got to attend the second marriage .
“ My sister and I , we just kind of joked that we did n't have to throw them a 50th anniversary party anymore , '' he said .
Norma Clark said their friends in Redlands had teased them , wanting to know when the reception would be .
And they have some advice : Check your marriage license .
Traditional Tibetan medicine ( Tibetan : བོད་ཀྱི་གསོ་བ་རིག་པ་ , Wylie : bod kyi gso ba rig pa ) , also known as Sowa-Rigpa medicine , is a centuries-old traditional medical system that employs a complex approach to diagnosis , incorporating techniques such as pulse analysis and urinalysis , and utilizes behavior and dietary modification , medicines composed of natural materials ( e.g. , herbs and minerals ) and physical therapies ( e.g . Tibetan acupuncture , moxabustion , etc . ) to treat illness .
The Tibetan medical system is based upon Indian Buddhist literature ( for example Abhidharma and Vajrayana tantras ) and Ayurveda . [ 1 ] It continues to be practiced in Tibet , India , Nepal , Bhutan , Ladakh , Siberia , China and Mongolia , as well as more recently in parts of Europe and North America . It embraces the traditional Buddhist belief that all illness ultimately results from the three poisons : ignorance , attachment and aversion . Tibetan medicine follows the Buddha 's Four Noble Truths which apply medical diagnostic logic to suffering . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
History [ edit ]
As Indian culture flooded Tibet in the eleventh and twelfth centuries , a number of Indian medical texts were also transmitted . [ 4 ] For example , the Ayurvedic Astāngahrdayasamhitā ( Heart of Medicine Compendium attributed to Vagbhata ) was translated into Tibetan by Rinchen Zangpo ( 957–1055 ) . [ 5 ] Tibet also absorbed the early Indian Abhidharma literature , for example the fifth century Abhidharmakosasabhasyam by Vasubandhu , which expounds upon medical topics , such as fetal development . [ 6 ] A wide range of Indian Vajrayana tantras , containing practices based on medical anatomy , were subsequently absorbed into Tibet . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Some scholars believe that rgyud bzhi ( the Four Tantras ) was told by the Lord Buddha , while some believe it is the primary work of Yuthok Yontan Gonpo ( 708 AD ) . [ 9 ] The former opinion is often refuted by saying `` If it was told by the Lord Buddha , rgyud bzhi should have a Sanskrit version '' . However , there is no such version and also no Indian practitioners who have received unbroken lineage of rgyud bzhi . Thus , the later thought should be scholarly considered authentic and practical . The provenance is uncertain .
Youthog Yontag Gonopo adapted and synthesized the Four Tantras in the 12th Century . The Four Tantras are scholarly debated as having Indian origins or , as Remedy Master Buddha Bhaisajyaguru 's word or , as authentically Tibetan with Chinese origins . It was not formally taught in schools at first but , intertwined with Tibetan Buddhism . Around the turn of the 14th century , the Drangti family of physicians established a curriculum for the Four Tantras ( and the supplementary literature from the Yutok school ) at Sakya Monastery . [ 10 ] The 5th Dalai Lama supported Desi Sangye Gyatso to found the pioneering Chagpori College of Medicine in 1696 . Chagpori taught Gyamtso 's Blue Beryl as well as the Four Tantras in a model that spread throughout Tibet along with the oral tradition . [ 2 ]
Four Tantras [ edit ]
The Four Tantras ( Gyushi , rGyu-bzhi ) are native Tibetan texts incorporating Indian , Chinese and Greco-Arab medical systems . [ 11 ] The Four Tantras is believed to have been created in the twelfth century and still today is considered the basis of Tibetan medical practise . [ 12 ] The Four Tantras is the common name for the text of the Secret Tantra Instruction on the Eight Branches , the Immortality Elixir essence . It considers a single medical doctrine from four perspectives . Sage Vidyajnana expounded their manifestation . [ 2 ] The basis of the Four Tantras is to keep the three bodily humors in balance ; ( wind rlung , bile mkhris pa , phlegm bad kan . )
Root Tantra - A general outline of the principles of Tibetan Medicine , it discusses the humors in the body and their imbalances and their link to illness . The Four Tantra uses visual observation to diagnose predominantly the analysis of the pulse , tongue and analysis of the urine ( in modern terms known as urinalysis )
Exegetical Tantra - This section discusses in greater detail the theory behind the Four Tantras and gives general theory on subjects such as anatomy , physiology , psychopathology , embryology and treatment .
Instructional Tantra -The longest of the Tantras is mainly a practical application of treatment , it explains in detail illnesses and which humoral imbalance which causes the illness . This section also describes their specific treatments .
Subsequent Tantra - Diagnosis and therapies , including the preparation of Tibetan medicine and cleansing of the body internally and externally with the use of techniques such as moxibustion , massage and minor surgeries .
Some believe the Four Tantra to be the authentic teachings of the Buddha 'Master of remedies ' which was translated from sanskrit , others believe it to be solely Tibetan in creation by Yuthog the Elder or Yuthog the Younger . Noting these two theories there remain others sceptical as to its original author .
Believers in the Buddhist origin of the Four Tantras and how it came to be in Tibet believe it was first taught in India by the buddha when he manifested as the 'Master of Remedies ' . The Four Tantra was then in the eighth century translated and offered to Padmasambhava by Vairocana and concealed in Samye monastery . In the second half of the eleventh century it was rediscovered and in the following century it was in the hands of Yuthog the Younger who completed the Four Tantras and included elements of Tibetan medicine , which would explain why there is Indian elements to the Four Tantras . [ 13 ]
Although there is clear written instruction in the Four Tantra , the oral transmission of medical knowledge still remained a strong element in Tibetan Medicine , for example oral instruction may have been needed to know how to perform a moxibustion technique .
Three principles of function [ edit ]
Like other systems of traditional Asian medicine , and in contrast to biomedicine , Tibetan medicine first puts forth a specific definition of health in its theoretical texts . To have good health , Tibetan medical theory states that it is necessary to maintain balance in the body 's three principles of function [ often translated as humors ] : rLung ( pron . Loong ) , mKhris-pa ( pron . Tree-pa ) [ often translated as bile ] , and Bad-kan ( pron . Pay-gen ) [ often translated as phlegm ] . [ 14 ]
• rLung [ 14 ] is the source of the body 's ability to circulate physical substances ( e.g . blood ) , energy ( e.g . nervous system impulses ) , and the non-physical ( e.g . thoughts ) . In embryological development , the mind 's expression of materialism is manifested as the system of rLung . There are five distinct subcategories of rLung each with specific locations and functions : Srog-'Dzin rLüng , Gyen-rGyu rLung , Khyab-Byed rLüng , Me-mNyam rLung , Thur-Sel rLüng .
• mKhris-pa [ 14 ] is characterized by the quantitative and qualitative characteristics of heat , and is the source of many functions such as thermoregulation , metabolism , liver function and discriminating intellect . In embryological development , the mind 's expression of aggression is manifested as the system of mKhris-pa . There are five distinct subcategories of mKhris-pa each with specific locations and functions : 'Ju-Byed mKhris-pa , sGrub-Byed mKhris-pa , mDangs-sGyur mKhris-pa , mThong-Byed mKhris-pa , mDog-Sel mKhris-pa .
• Bad-kan [ 14 ] is characterized by the quantitative and qualitative characteristics of cold , and is the source of many functions such as aspects of digestion , the maintenance of our physical structure , joint health and mental stability . In embryological development , the mind 's expression of ignorance is manifested as the system of Bad-kan . There are five distinct subcategories of Bad-kan each with specific locations and functions : rTen-Byed Bad-kan , Myag-byed Bad-kan , Myong-Byed Bad-kan , Tsim-Byed Bad-kan , 'Byor-Byed Bad-kan .
Usage [ edit ]
A key objective of the government of Tibet is to promote traditional Tibetan medicine among the other ethnic groups in China . Once an esoteric monastic secret , the Tibet University of Traditional Tibetan Medicine and the Qinghai University Medical School now offer courses in the practice . In addition , Tibetologists from Tibet have traveled to European countries such as Spain to lecture on the topic . [ 15 ]
The Tibetan government-in-exile has also kept up the practise of Tibetan Medicine in India since 1961 when it re-established the Men-Tsee-Khang ( the Tibetan Medical and Astrological Institute ) . It now has 48 branch clinics in India and Nepal . [ 16 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Kobo 's new Glo HD e-reader will boast the claim of the highest resolution for the lowest price when it hits the market on May 1 for $ 129.99 . The newest piece of hardware from Rakuten-owned Kobo offers 300 ppi pixel density on a 6-inch display , which matches the screen on the $ 199.99 Kindle Voyage in terms of resolution , and which should mean extremely crisp , pixel-free rendering of text .
In fact , both the Kobo Glo HD and the Kindle Voyage use e-ink 's Carta screen tech , which means text rendering similar to what you 'd get with a super high resolution e-ink screen like those found in iPhones and modern Android devices , albeit using the low-power e-paper tech that displays in black and white and is better suited to a dedicated text reading device .
The Glo HD also features Kobo 's ComfortLight tech , which provides built-in lighting for reading in the dark . Other tech specs include a 1GHz processor ( again , like the Voyage ) and it has 4GB of on-board storage for your library ( again , like the Voyage ) , which is plenty for most . It weighs just 180 grams ( again , like the Voyage ) and measures 157 x 115 x 9.2 mm ( slightly shorter , but slightly thicker than the Voyage ) .
The main things the Voyage has that the Glo HD does n't is automatic lighting adjustment based on ambient lighting conditions , and page turn pressure buttons on the bezel . Kobo 's options also only has Wi-Fi connectivity , without a cellular option . All are nice-to-have features , but the resolution is honestly the Voyage 's greatest strength , so the Kobo offering the same screen type with a significant price savings could help it find a faithful audience – provided customers are willing to go with Kobo 's content ecosystem over Amazon 's .
14 Films We Can not Wait to See at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival
READ MORE : The Complete 2016 Sundance Film Festival Lineup
“ Under the Shadow ”
The alleged discovery title in this year 's Midnight section is an Iranian tale set in 1988 , at the height of the Iran-Iraq War , and revolves around a mother and daughter who face off against supernatural forces in their apartment . Writer-director Babak Anvari makes his feature-length debut with this eerie instance of historical horror that has already garnered comparisons to “ The Babadook , ” another tale of a child fending off evil that broke out thanks to Sundance 's midnight crowd . In a year when programmers are especially keen on attention being paid to the festival 's international selections , “ Under the Shadow ” may offer just enough bite to keep the foreign quotient in play at this year 's gathering . -Eric Kohn
“ Joshy ”
One of Sundance 2014 's more enjoyable selections was “ Life After Beth , ” a fine showcase for star Aubrey Plaza and a solid directorial debut from writer Jeff Baena . Whether or not it transcended its zombie comedy peers , it at least made sure you did n't hear that Chuck Mangione song the same way ever again . This year , Baena is back with “ Joshy , ” an ensemble comedy set at a weekend getaway , starring Thomas Middleditch as the title character , fresh off a difficult breakup . The list of performers dotting the rest of the cast include comedy MVPs ( Adam Pally , Nick Kroll , Brett Gelman and Jenny Slate ) and recent Sundance alumni ( Alex Ross Perry and Joe Swanberg ) alike . While the therapeutic friends retreat subgenre is well-worn territory , this crew seems like just the right collection of talent to spin the material into something special . -Steve Greene
“ Swiss Army Man ”
This U.S. competition entry stars Paul Dano and Daniel Radcliffe in a drama featuring a man who finds a dead body in the wilderness and forms a strange bond with it . With name actors and the seemingly familiar formula of the survivalist drama , this one might sound familiar . But there 's more going on here . Writer-directors Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan make their feature-length debut here , but they have steadily developed a following in the music video world for several years . Their 2010 video for The Hundred and The Hands infamously features vomiting fireworks and other disorienting developments in one girl 's depraved night ; their short film , “ Interesting Ball , ” focuses on the unlikely exploits of a bouncing red ball that spends the day at the beach .
In essence , they 've already crafted a brand as unorthodox storytellers , and “ Swiss Army Man ” is poised to continue that trend . Sales agents are reportedly keeping the film on wraps while letting buzz work its magic , but Sundance director Cooper described the filmmakers as “ visionaries who take no prisoners , ” adding that “ it 's a really wild film that I hope creates both confusion and excitement. ” An intriguing new work from little-known filmmakers that might divide audiences ? Sounds like prime material for a great Sundance discovery . -E.K .
“ Brahman Naman ”
What 's the cinematic standard-bearer for trivia stories ? “ Starter for 10 ” ? “ The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes ” ? Not exactly titanic footsteps to follow in , but one of the fun subplots of Sundance 2016 will be seeing if “ Brahman Naman ” has a shot at joining those ranks . Initially set in southern India , a trio of teenage boys , bent on placing first in a quiz competition and losing their virginity in the process , travel the multiple-day 's drive to Calcutta to achieve those twin goals in a single journey . Directed by the excellently monikered Indian director Q , “ Naman ” seems to have a raunchy streak to go along with its brainy premise . This has all the makings of a fascinating combination : a high-school sex comedy nested inside an underdog competition story , all playing out during a road movie across India . We 're in . -S.G .
“ Christine ”
Borderline Films member and Sundance mainstay Antonio Campos returns to the festival with his next directorial effort , “ Christine , ” which stars Rebecca Hall as the mostly forgotten ( and somewhat bafflingly so ) Christine Chubbuck , a Florida news anchor who killed herself on live television in 1974 . ( Sound familiar ? Yes , there 's also a documentary about this same story playing at the festival , thanks to Robert Greene 's “ Kate Plays Christine , ” but both sound equally essential . ) The film will likely give the remarkably talented Hall something very meaty to bite into , and a supporting cast that includes Michael C. Hall , Tracy Letts , Maria Dizzia and Timothy Simons only recommends the feature further . Chubbuck 's story has long been something of a curiosity ( that the event was recorded by Chubbuck 's station has also given it notoriety in circles intrigued by hard to find films , as distasteful as that may sound ) , but it 's about to get the attention ( and hopefully , the respect ) it deserves . -Kate Erbland
“ Tallulah ”
For her feature debut , award-winning shorts filmmaker ( and current “ Orange is the New Black ” writer ) Sian Heder is adapting her own work — her 2006 Cannes-nominated short “ Mother ” — into a longer narrative , starring Ellen Page and Allison Janney . Based on her own experiences working as a babysitter in a posh Beverly Hills hotel , “ Tallulah ” looks to explore questions of motherhood , femininity , possession and obsession with a fresh approach . Reuniting Page and Janney is just icing on the cake . -K.E .
“ The Hollars ”
John Krasinki 's second directorial outing comes complete with a James C. Strouse-penned script that should tap into the deeper domestic sensitivities the filmmaker is so good at mining ( last year 's “ People Places Things ” is a mostly unseen gem that deserves some big love ) . Krasinski also stars in the film as a man who has to return home to his small town after illness strikes his family , with his own problems in tow . The film features a strong supporting cast , including Mary Elizabeth Winstead , Anna Kendrick , Charlie Day , Richard Jenkins and Margo Martingale , all of whom should be able to elevate what sounds like , at least on paper , a very standard Sundance drama . Strouse and Krasinski both know how to charm , so we 're looking forward to seeing them join forces . -K.E .
“ Kate Plays Christine ”
Sundance 2016 will play home to two films about the tragic life of television reporter Christine Chubbuck , who killed herself live on-air in 1974 . The somewhat splashier of two very different films is Antonio Campos ' Rebecca Hall-starring “ Christine , ” but that feature comes with a built-in companion on the documentary side of things , thanks to Robert Greene 's “ Kate Plays Christine. ” Starring indie darling Kate Lyn Sheil as herself as she prepares to play Chubbuck on screen , the feature looks to again blur the lines between reality and performance , just as Greene did with his ambitious and well-regarded “ Actress. ” – K.E .
“ Certain Women ”
There 's zero chance that Kelly Reichardt directing “ intersecting tales of different women ” could sound anything less than fascinating , but pairing that concept with a very strong cast — including her mainstay Michelle Williams and other outstanding actresses like Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern — means that “ Certain Women ” should be on the top of everyone 's must-see list at this year 's festival . Not much else is known about the film , but Reichardt excels at putting aching , real and achingly real life on to the big screen , and that 's more than enough to get us excited about her latest . -K.E .
“ Agnus Dei ”
If you 're looking for one reason ( just one ! ) to get amped for Anne Fontaine 's latest , look no further than star Lou de Laâge . I 'll happily keep beating the drum on her work in Melanie Laurent 's “ Breathe ” ( which also featured a stunning turn from Josephine Japy ) , but perhaps “ Angus Dei ” will do my work for me . De Laâge is a huge talent to watch , and the period-set WWII feature should give her ample room to break out . As a Red Cross worker , de Laâge 's Mathilde comes into unexpected contact with a group of nuns with a big secret and a huge need for whatever help she can offer . What happens next ? Well , we 're going to have to wait until Sundance to find out , but with de Laâge leading the charge , it will likely to be packed with emotion and grace . -K.E .
“ Cameraperson ”
Kirsten Johnson has spent 25 years as a documentary cinematographer ; with this beguiling new project featured in Sundance 's New Frontier section , she turns those decades of experiences into a fresh treatise on creativity . The movie assembles a loose memoir out of footage ranging from “ Pray the Devil Back to Hell ” to “ Citizenfour ” to offer a unique meditation on the nature of seeing the world through the prism of her nimble lens . A collage-like diary film , “ Cameraperson ” promises to showcase a number of memorable non-fiction efforts from over the years while transforming their fragments into something far more personal than their filmmakers ever intended . Expect an illuminating cinematic remix . -E.K .
“ Dark Night ”
Tim Sutton is the rare filmmaker to return to Sundance 's off-beat NEXT section , where he last screened his idiosyncratic portrait of a musician , “ Memphis. ” His new movie is likely to generate more attention for its subject matter alone , as it examines the aftermath of a movie theater shooting inspired by the events at the screening of “ The Dark Knight Rises ” in Colorado . “ It 's a sensitive subject matter people will have a challenging time with , ” Sundance director of programming Trevor Groth told us last December , but noted that Sutton 's lyrical style means that “ Dark Night ” wo n't be viewed as pure provocation . “ He has a really fascinating approach to looking at the lives that were affected , ” he said . Expectations of something along the lines of Gus Van Sant 's “ Elephant ” are imminent , but Sundance director John Cooper went one step further in describing the new movie 's tone . “ It takes you into a dream state , ” he said . “ It 's not so hard-hitting that it will be controversial. ” Instead , expect a gorgeous , haunting tone poem that 's uniquely of the moment . -E.K .
“ Lo and Behold : Reveries of the Connected World ”
Werner Herzog has already proven that he can narrate pretty much anything—from amateur bear footage to bedtime stories—and transfix his audiences . Here , he sets his sights on the Internet , which he allegedly describes in the film as “ one of the biggest revolutions we as humans are experiencing , ” but given this filmmaker 's tendency to focus on nature 's inherent chaos , do n't expect a celebratory portrait . Instead , “ Low and Behold ” is said to provide an overview of the web 's darker possibilities , from online harassment to addiction . These are n't exactly new ideas , but Herzog 's narration always follows its own idiosyncratic patterns , which is reason enough to anticipate a peculiar journey into technology less focused on the modern world than creating something strange and new out of it . -E.K .
“ Wiener-Dog ”
Todd Solondz 's awkward tales of social rejects first came to the forefront of American independent film with 1995 's unnerving “ Welcome to the Dollhouse , ” and he 's played with similar tropes of suburban unrest ever since . “ Wiener-Dog ” resurrects that earlier movie 's beleaguered Dawn Wiener , previously portrayed by Heather Matarazzo and now embodied by Greta Gerwig in a surreal-sounding tale involving several people impacted by a dachshund . Solondz tends to describe his movies as “ sad comedies , ” and at best they 're equally moving and strange . This one looks like another dose of the wonderfully odd formula he pioneered more than 20 years ago . Anyone with an affinity for Solondz 's offbeat universe should be excited to explore it once more . -E.K .
READ MORE : The 2016 Sundance Springboard : 11 Potential Breakthrough Actors
Sign Up : Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .
As Canada 's medical marijuana program takes shape , one insurance provider is getting with the times , and others are expected to follow suit .
If the presidential election here in the United States is getting you a bit down , perhaps you 've thought about high-tailing it to Canada .
Our neighbors north of the border really do live a charmed life , but I 'll bet you did n't know that under Canada 's medical marijuana program , there 's now a health insurance company that reimburses the cost of cannabis for patients as part of their insurance coverage .
You heard that right — free cannabis is now possible for Canadians covered by Sun Life insurance . It 's a sign of quickly-changing perceptions of cannabis in North America , and other insurance companies are expected to follow suit .
The Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations ( MMPR ) passed in June of 2013 , creating a for-profit commercial structure for medical cannabis producers and retailers .
These regulations also ensure that any sick Canadian in need of treatment can access cannabis that 's been grown in a safe and sterile environment .
Here 's the only issue : while the vast majority of prescription medications are fully covered under HealthCanada , the nation 's single-payer health care program , cannabis is not one of those drugs .
The legality of adult cannabis use in Canada still lends to some confusion , as it 's technically still illegal unless you have proper documentation and registration with a cannabis provider under MMPR . That explains why it 's not on the same level as approved prescription drugs that typically get covered by insurance .
Now , the actual cost of patients ' medical marijuana can be covered if the insurance provider sees fit , which is exactly what happened in the case of University of Waterloo student Jonathan Zaid . Through his student union health plan , he requested reimbursement of the money he spent on legal MMPR cannabis from Bedrocan during 2015—and Sun Life agreed that this was a valid form of medical expense .
According to Marijuana Biz Daily , Zaid has already been reimbursed around $ 2000 for cannabis flowers and a vaporizer purchased last year .
In spite of adult use still being illegal , Canada is going to great lengths to integrate MMPR into its existing health care system . Directly from the Health Canada website , you can learn all kinds of things about medical cannabis treatments , from an FAQ section to a list of approved , licensed businesses in the industry .
Of course , they boast a “ strict and rigorous application process ” that 's meant to curb abuse of the program .
All this , while dozens of U.S. states are still arguing to decide whether or not this plant even has a purpose in the preservation of human health . The contrast in health policy is astounding .
Medical conditions covered by the MMPR program range from eating or sleep disorders to cancer and brain trauma . Stipulations on precisely who is “ sick enough ” to receive medical cannabis are fairly similar to what patients in , say , California might be used to , but more official medical documentation is required .
In terms of normalizing cannabis as a medicine , this new development is paving the way for more Canadian private insurance companies to start covering the costs .
It 's also quite likely to spark significant interest in MMPR participation among Canadians , as the cost of cannabis treatment is a sizable obstacle for many individuals struggling with chronic health issues .
Do n't get too excited , Americans . Gaining permanent residency and citizenship in Canada is not instantaneous . If you are looking for quick access to legal , medical-grade cannabis , you are likely much better off advocating for safe access in the state where you live .
Minutes after arriving at Denver International Airport , I found myself standing near the baggage claim , gaping at a bizarre mural called “ The Children of the World Dream of Peace. ” A creation of artist Leo Tanguma , it depicts a gas-masked soldier brandishing a gun and stabbing a dove with a sword while a group of children cowers amid ruins nearby .
Whoa . Welcome to Denver !
I have to admit , though — I was n't totally surprised by what some might see as a child-terrorizing image .
Denver : How to get there , where to stay , what to do and more
A map locating Denver , Colorado ( By Laris Karklis/The Washington Post/The Washington Post )
I read a lot . And ever since the 2008 release of “ The Hunger Games , ” the first book in the best-selling sci-fi trilogy by Suzanne Collins , the rumors have been floating around : Denver is quite possibly home base for — cue Beethoven 's Fifth — the forces of evil .
Seem impossible ? Consider this : The novel , set in a post-apocalyptic , starvation-plagued North America , describes the decadent futuristic capital of the totalitarian dictatorship of Panem as “ built in a place once called the Rockies. ” Suspicious , no ?
The Capitol , as this city is called , is ringed by 12 poverty-stricken districts that it exploits for its own well-being . Two teenagers from each district — known as “ tributes ” — are brought to the Capitol annually and forced to fight to the death in a horrific reality TV show called the Hunger Games . Although the novel never pinpoints the Capitol 's precise location , it has set the Internet buzzing with fan speculation — from detailed maps of Panem to message board discussions — that today 's Denver area is the future haunt of nasty President Snow and his corrupt , hedonistic minions .
Of course , this is n't the image that Visit Denver usually strives to promote .
But now there are about 25 million copies of the three “ Hunger Games ” books in print in the United States , and the new movie starring Jennifer Lawrence could be 2012 's biggest blockbuster . Surely it 's never been more vital to discover whether the Colorado capital holds the template for our dystopian future .
Is Denver the Capitol in “ The Hunger Games ” ?
Armed with only a well-thumbed copy of the novel and 16-year-old heroine Katniss Everdeen 's never-say-die attitude , I searched for clues during a mid-March visit to the Mile-High City .
My downtown hotel , the towering , glass-laden Hyatt Regency Denver , could be the future Training Center for Hunger Games tributes , those chosen as arena fighters in the dreaded “ reaping. ” A front-door sign read : “ Activities within this Hyatt Hotel are subject to surveillance and video recording. ” Clearly I 'd come to the right place .
Exploring my 37th-floor room , I recalled Katniss 's words : “ My quarters are larger than our entire house back home . They are plush . . . but also have so many automatic gadgets that I 'm sure I wo n't have time to press all the buttons. ” The luxurious 1,308-square-foot Bristlecone Suite boasted three flat-screen TVs ( one embedded in the master bathroom mirror ) and a computer with a monstrous monitor , plus a stainless steel refrigerator and microwave in the marble-countered kitchenette .
After a Katniss-style cleansing in the multi-head shower , I dined at the nearby Celtic Tavern . Seated beneath battered hurling sticks , I wolfed down Irish potato bread topped with goat cheese as a nod to Prim , the beloved goat-tending little sister whom Katniss volunteers to replace in the Games . Next came a hearty lamb stew . “ Unfortunately , we do n't have dried plums or wild rice , ” confessed my tattooed waitress when I asked to customize the stew to exactly match Katniss 's favorite Capitol dish .
The Capitol 's flamboyant citizens decorate their bodies freely with tattoos , so to finish my day with a flourish , I marched off to Bound by Design . Resembling a well-lit hair salon , this 22-year-old business on East Colfax Avenue was named 2010 's “ Best Tattoo and Piercing Studio ” by Westword , Denver 's alternative weekly .
“ How much would it cost to get the gold mockingjay pin from ‘ The Hunger Games ' inked on my shoulder ? ” I asked tattoo artist Lauren Violet . “ About $ 150 , ” she said . “ And a full back tattoo of Jennifer Lawrence 's Entertainment Weekly cover ? ” After learning that this could top $ 5,000 for 50 hours of work , I decided that I 'd have to think about it .
The next morning , I scoured the hip LoDo , or Lower Downtown Historic District , for Capitol-worthy fashion statements and found something quintessentially Western . The 1946-founded Rockmount Ranch Wear invented cowboy shirts with diamond snaps and sawtooth pockets , colorfully worn by rock stars from Elvis to Green Day . Owner Steve Weil expressed confidence that his store would survive the coming apocalypse : “ We have an impact on world fashion , and we made it through NAFTA , the Wal-Mart-ization of retail , and Urban Cowboy. ” No comment on the Dark Days .
A block away , Tattered Cover , Denver 's best-known independent bookstore , had about 360 copies of “ Hunger Games ” -related books on hand , according to a clerk . However , unlike J.K. Rowling and Stephenie Meyer , Suzanne Collins has never made an in-store appearance here . What 's this world coming to ? Kids who kill should n't take a back seat to wizards and vampires . Is Denver children getting the knowledge and training they need to hack it in what it appears will be a lean , mean future ?
Unhesitatingly , I rented a bike through Denver 's B-cycle sharing system , rode along tranquil Cherry Creek and disembarked at the Children 's Museum of Denver .
This lively two-floor operation , which is celebrating its 40th anniversary in 2013 , specializes in “ play-based learning that builds community , ” according to communications manager Zoe Ocampo . That might sound great if you 're 8 or younger and enjoy cuddling big teddy bears , making bubbles or shopping in a mini-grocery store . But . . . where were the “ Hunger Games ” -style venomous insects and land mines ? Parents can only lament the squandered educational opportunity .
Just up the South Platte River , REI 's sprawling Denver flagship store offers better preparation for the arena 's perils . Besides selling knives and ropes for outdoor rec enthusiasts , the late-Victorian red-brick building houses a 47-foot-tall climbing pinnacle made of hand-sculpted rock . There are 11 routes to tackle , including three for kids . More Training Center-worthy goodness . You never know when you 'll have to shimmy up a natural obstacle to evade adolescents bent on murder .
I spent the afternoon in Golden , a cozy mountain town just west of Denver , brimming with museums . Since tributes are whisked to the Capitol aboard luxury trains , I made a beeline for the Colorado Railroad Museum . I did n't find any of the “ high-speed Capitol models that average 250 miles per hour ” mentioned in “ The Hunger Games. ” But the 15-acre lot does showcase a plush private business car that once transported railroad tycoon Charles Elliott Perkins , plus vintage steam locomotives powered by coal , the lifeblood of Katniss 's District 12 .
Back in Denver that evening , I wanted to catch the city 's version of brutal gladiatorial battles . So I headed to the Pepsi Center , the home arena of the National Hockey League 's Colorado Avalanche .
Seated at ice level amid the howling crowd of 15,045 , I witnessed a teenager shooting to kill in sudden death . Gabriel Landeskog , Colorado 's 19-year-old rookie-of-the-year candidate , scored in overtime to beat the Anaheim Ducks , 3-2 . Hunger Games TV host Caesar Flickerman would have gushed over the budding puck warrior .
That performance called for a drink . Denver has the highest per-capita beer production in the United States , and I quaffed a post-game pale ale at the Wynkoop Brewing Co . Founded in 1988 by John Hickenlooper , Colorado 's current governor , it 's the oldest brewpub in town . On this Monday night , the wooden-floored suds mecca lured dudes in with pool tables and pumping '80s hard rock music .
Single ladies , pay attention ! Denver , which Travel + Leisure readers selected as America 's ninth-best city for singles last year , is nicknamed “ Menver ” for its legendarily high ratio of men to women . If you 're seeking your own Peeta Mellark or Gale Hawthorne , the hunky rivals for Katniss 's love , this gives new meaning to the “ Hunger Games ” catchphrase : “ May the odds be ever in your favor . ”
I had unromantic aims on Day Three when I headed to the Counterterrorism Education Learning Lab ( CELL ) . Situated in Denver 's Golden Triangle Museum District , this institute funded by conservative Denver entrepreneur Larry Mizel provides a multimedia crash course in how to spot vigilantes with bombs . But it was closed for renovations , denying me a preview of the sorts of tactics that the Peacekeepers — the trilogy 's ruthless military police — could use to crack down on rebellious districts .
No skin off my ( unflogged ) back . Next door , I admired the silver sci-fi architecture of the Daniel Libeskind-designed Denver Art Museum . The adjacent Clyfford Still Museum , which opened in November to spotlight the American abstract expressionist 's work , has a stark , Soviet-style exterior that suits the grim vibe of his early paintings , which feature the haunting stares of skin-and-bones Depression-era folks . Still probably would have loved Panem 's paupers .
And , of course , I had to tour the ostensible Capitol 's real Capitol . However , from the cafeteria 's veggie sandwiches to the tapestry celebrating Colorado women , this gold-domed , marble-laden 1901 building was n't particularly intimidating or totalitarian .
Visiting cultural and political institutions is thirst-inducing work . Facing Denver 's sunset-tinged skyline and sampling the 42-beer selection at the Ale House at Amato 's , I realized that Haymitch Abernathy , Katniss 's alcoholic mentor , would be right at home here .
On my last day , my investigative mission turned animalistic . I hoped to track down the local forerunners of the horrible , genetically altered beasts called “ muttations ” that attack Games contestants . Denver 's public art had aroused my suspicions , with statues such as the demonic-looking “ Blue Mustang ” at the airport , the enormous blue bear called “ I See What You Mean ” outside the Colorado Convention Center , and the metal gorilla guarding a fridge containing Silverback Pale Ale at Wynkoop .
I drove out to the Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge . Encompassing 15,000 prairie acres , it 's Denver 's answer to District 13 , which was noted for making nuclear weapons and was bombed into a toxic wasteland by the Capitol 's military during the Dark Days . Starting in the 1940s , the Arsenal manufactured napalm , sarin and other chemical weapons . Once heavily contaminated , the site has benefited from an ongoing cleanup since 1987 . More than 330 species now enjoy sanctuary here . I saw deer and prairie dogs on my hike .
Mysteriously , at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science , no staffers admitted to knowing about collection founder Edwin Carter 's horror at 19th-century mutations , such as two-headed goats , caused by chemicals used in mining . But the dusty Wild Animal Sanctuary in nearby Keenesburg — established to rescue abused or abandoned animals — had promising “ muttation ” candidates , from the rare white tiger with a recessive gene to the Arctic wolves whose ferocity seemed muted when viewed from a 20-foot-high walkway .
After a decadent six-course dinner at star Denver chef Kevin Taylor 's namesake 14th Street restaurant , I was in full Capitol mode . I checked out downtown 's new crystal chandelier-laden Fluff Bar , which offers on-site haircuts and shaves while you imbibe . I even envisioned a makeover that could get me into the Games and make Katniss 's prep team of stylists proud .
Crazy stuff , but fun . Just like Denver .
Denver : How to get there , where to stay , what to do and more
Aykroyd is a freelance travel , sports and entertainment writer based in Vancouver , B.C .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dropped his American PR company .
Ketchum , part of global marketing group Omnicom ( OMC ) , worked for the Russian government for nine years . But that relationship is now over , apparently a victim of the growing hostility between Russia and the West triggered by the conflict in Ukraine .
`` We decided not to renew the contract because of the anti-Russian hysteria , the information war that is going on , '' Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told CNNMoney .
Ketchum said it no longer represents Russia in the U.S. or Europe but will keep an office in Moscow . It declined further comment .
The firm was hired by Russia in 2006 -- ahead of the G8 summit in Saint Petersburg -- to help the Kremlin reach Western media .
Its biggest success was a controversial opinion piece in The New York Times written by Putin himself . The 2013 article criticized `` American exceptionalism , '' and sparked a media backlash against the agency .
Related : Ukraine hires internet army to fight Russian trolls
Ketchum charged Russia nearly $ 30 million for its services over nine years , according to company filings with the U.S. Department of Justice .
The filings show how Ketchum reached out to western media , including Bloomberg , The Wall Street Journal and Washington Post , to promote a summit of the BRICS -- Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa .
Ketchum was also involved in campaigns promoting the Sochi Winter Olympics and Russia 's membership in the World Trade Organization .
`` If you spend a lot of money on communication , you want it to be fruitful -- and that is not possible in this hateful environment , '' Peskov said .
Ketchum 's work for Russia had already fallen off sharply . The firm made $ 1.5 million from its campaigns for the government in 2013 , and just half that in 2014 .
A separate contract with Russia 's Gazprom ( GZPFY ) is still running , although the firm did n't bill the state gas giant for any work in the six months to November 30 , 2014 . Ketchum has received about $ 30 million from Gazprom since 2007 .
Crime
Her neighbour Kunju Muhammed believes its disrespectful of a woman to ride a scooter in front of him .
A woman has alleged that she has been facing physical assault by her neighbour and his son in Malappuram district of Kerala for riding a two-wheeler .
Rejina ( 28 ) who was working in a private firm , has allegedly been facing harassment for over a year by her neighbour Kunju Muhammed ( 60 ) , since the time she bought a scooter . Rejina has now been admitted to the Malappuram Taluk Hospital after her legs were fractured .
She alleges that over this period of time , she has been assaulted at least four times by Kunju Muhammed who claims that being a woman , she should not ride a scooter in front of him .
This time , she has been admitted in hospital after she was physically assaulted by Kunju Muhammed 's son , Abdul Gafoor .
“ Abdul Gafoor threatened and brutally assaulted me , asking me to withdraw the police complaint I filed against Muhammed . While I was riding the scooter , he blocked me , lifted me and dropped me down to the road ... that is how I got the fractures , ” she said , speaking to The News Minute .
Rejina says that she was admitted in hospital last July also following an assault by Kunju Muhammed . “ In July , while I was riding my scooter , he hit me on my stomach and this happened after I 'd undergone a surgery . I started bleeding and was admitted in hospital . Many other times also , Kunju Muhammed has attacked me , pulling my hair and dragging me down to the road while I was riding the scooter , ” Rejina explains .
She alleges that in the beginning , he used to taunt her by saying that she does n't respect him even though he is affluent and holds a high position in society while she belongs to a poor family .
“ He was always warning me not to ride the scooter in front of him , because I am a woman and I should respect him . He assaulted me while I was learning to drive the vehicle , ” Rejina said .
After he assaulted her a couple of times , Rejina filed a police complaint but that only led to Kunju Muhammed targeting her more .
“ Previous times , my complaint was sorted out in the police station and in the presence of a few local leaders . They always promise that it wo n't happen again but it does , ” she alleges .
Rejina said that she should have the right to live peacefully , without fearing anyone . “ He told me that all others in the area respect him so I should also respect him by not riding the vehicle ... I do n't understand that . I am not fighting for gender equality , but at least I should have the right to live , ” she said .
Rejina also said that now Kunju Muhammed 's family has offered her Rs 1 lakh to withdraw the case . “ They also threatened me that they would send me to jail in some fake case if I do n't withdraw it , ” she said .
Oblivion was rightfully maligned for being a game with `` four voice actors and Patrick Stewart . '' Much to the game 's detriment , interacting with most of the characters in the game felt like a chore due to its limited voice acting cast . It mattered little that the game also featured the talents of Stewart and Sean Bean , given how few lines they had to speak .
Unlike the previous game , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim will contain a much larger voice acting cast , an ensemble which includes Christopher Plummer , Max Von Sydow , and Joan Allen .
Christopher Plummer plays the role of Arngeir , a Greybeard elder , monk and master in the Way of the Voice .
Max Von Sydow takes on the role of Esbern , a chronicler and agent of the Imperial Blades who will teach the player how to confront the dragon Alduin , the World Eater .
Joan Allen plays Delphine , one of the three remaining members of the Blades . Aiding you in your quest , Delphine is also trying to unravel the mystery of the dragons ' return .
Lynda Carter is also making a return as a voice in the game , as Gormlaith Golden-Hilt , a hero who slew dragons in ancient times .
“ It 's been incredible to have all these actors together , ” said Todd Howard , Game Director . “ When you start a project , you always make your wish-list of actors , and to actually hear them in the game , it 's amazing . We ca n't wait for everyone to experience it . ”
Additionally , the game 's cast includes the talents of Michael Hogan as Imperial General Tullius , Vladimir Kulich as Ulfric Stormcloak , the Jarl of Windhelm and leader of the Stormcloaks , Claudia Christian as Legate Rikke , Diane Louis Salinger , Renee Victor , and George Coe .
The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim is set for a November 11 , 2011 release on the PC , Xbox 360 and PS3 .
Game 2 - Clossius vs Daimon
Do n't misunderstand . I 'm not saying that Monkk was able to go toe to toe against Odnihs every move of the game . There was a disparity that revealed itself shortly into the game when Monkk had to decide what strategy to use against the Orthodox Fuseki , and how he was going to follow it up . By all rights , the game opened up precisely as one might expect from such a pairing . However , Monkk soon showed his spirit by not backing down despite his opponent taking a bit of a lead . Quite the contrary , Monkk decided to fight and attempted to exploit any aji he could find in order to turn the game around . I wo n't spoil the game , but let 's just say that one did appear ! The 6 dan came close to potentially losing his first match to the underdog and having to go to the losers bracket !
This game I did not have the opportunity to cast , however I did go back and review the match . Once again I had assumed that Clossius , a 4 dan who has had the good fortune of studying in Korea , would breeze through against a lower dan opponent . It was a day for me being wrong . I got used to it .
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved The family of Kurt Brown , seated . Harrison Brown at left . ( Courtesy/Brown Family )
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved The family of Kurt Brown , seated . Harrison Brown at left . ( Courtesy/Brown Family )
GRAHAM , Texas ( KXAN ) -- The father of the University of Texas at Austin student killed in a stabbing attack on campus last month has died after a two-year battle with ALS , The Graham Leader is reporting .
The newspaper says 56-year-old Dr. Kurt Brown , a chiropractor , died on Monday at his home in Graham , Texas surrounded by family . His son , 19-year-old Harrison Brown , was killed on May 1 in a stabbing that injured three other UT students .
A statement from the Brown family said Dr. Brown was `` the real deal . ''
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Harrison Brown , 19 , graduated from Graham High School in Texoma in 2016 . ( KFDX Photo )
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Harrison Brown , 19 , graduated from Graham High School in Texoma in 2016 . ( KFDX Photo )
`` Even on his deathbed he was putting the needs of others before himself . He lived a life of selfless service and expected nothing in return , '' the family said . `` His passing was peaceful and we take great comfort in the fact that Kurt and Harrison are together again . We have another guardian angel looking over our family . ''
Lori Brown , Harrison 's mother , told KXAN 's Alyssa Goard last month that Harrison was worried about his dad when he left back to school following Easter . `` We were kind of approaching the end of our ALS [ Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ] , '' his mother said .
`` [ Harrison ] turned around with the biggest smile on his face , and his baseball cap on , and said , ‘ I 'll be back dad and I 'll take care of you . ' ''
A funeral mass is scheduled for Friday at 1 p.m. at St. Mary 's Catholic Church . In lieu of flowers , the family says donations can be made in Kurt 's memory to the Harrison Brown Memorial Scholarship Fund at Cierra Bank , 623 Elm St. , Graham , Texas .
First Bulletstorm DLC Announced
Bulletstorm has just been released in North America , and Electronic Arts has announced along with the game 's launch that it will get its first DLC add-on this Spring .
Called the Gun Sonata Pack , the upcoming premium content for Bulletstorm will feature three new maps for Anarchy multiplayer mode : the `` wretched Sewers of Stygia , '' `` the dilapidated ruins of Hotel Elysium , '' and the `` open spaces of Villa '' . In addition to the three Anarchy maps , the Gun Sonata Pack will also bring with it two new Echo mode maps : Crash Site and Guns of Stygia . Finally , two new Leash enhancements ( the Flamingo and the Pulp ) round out the DLC .
Interested players will be able to pick up the Gun Sonata downloadable content for Bulletstorm for 800 Microsoft Points through Xbox LIVE , or for $ 9.99 through PlayStation Network .
EA Press Release
FORECAST CALLS FOR OVER-THE-TOP ACTION WITH A HIGH CHANCE OF MAYHEM AS EPIC GAMES AND EA UNLEASH BULLETSTORM
Kill with Skill Year-Round as First Downloadable Content Is Announced
REDWOOD CITY , Calif. – Feb. 22 , 2011 – Get ready to make it rain bullets , action and all out insanity as Bulletstorm™ , the highly anticipated shooter from People Can Fly , Epic Games and Electronic Arts Inc. ( NASDAQ : ERTS ) , is now available in North America . With its explosive , irreverent gameplay , Bulletstorm is already receiving praise from critics , including a 9.25 from the world 's # 1 gaming magazine , Game Informer , and with Seth Schiesel from the New York Times stating , “ the name should say it all ; big guns , lots of lead and over-the-top mayhem. ” From the pulp sci-fi single-player campaign to the relentless multiplayer modes , Bulletstorm injects the fun back into first-person shooters . Bulletstorm is available for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system , the PlayStation®3 computer entertainment system and PC . Also available today in limited quantities is the Bulletstorm Epic Edition for Xbox 360 which grants players early access to the Gears of War 3 beta * . Gamers will need the Epic Edition disc in order to play the Gears of War 3 beta .
People Can Fly , Epic Games and EA also announced today the Gun Sonata pack * * , the first downloadable content for Bulletstorm . Featuring three new maps for Anarchy multiplayer mode , from the wretched Sewers of Stygia to the dilapidated ruins of Hotel Elysium and the open spaces of Villa , the Gun Sonata Anarchy maps provide even more settings for players to work together in order to pull off fantastic team skillshots . In addition to the new Anarchy maps , Gun Sonata will also introduce two new Echo mode maps , including Crash Site , where Final Echo soldiers must deal with the ramifications of their crashed ship , and Guns of Stygia , in which a captive commando escapes from an enemy prison . Completely new to the Bulletstorm experience , Crash Site and Guns of Stygia offer brand-new challenges for those competing to top personal high scores and leaderboard rankings . Two new Leash enhancements , the Flamingo and the Pulp , make it even more enjoyable to kill with skill and style . The Gun Sonata downloadable content will be available this spring for 800 Microsoft Points on Xbox LIVE® Marketplace and $ 9.99 on the PlayStation Network .
“ Bulletstorm plays like a high-octane summer blockbuster movie . It 's loaded with intense action and cinematic moments , all wrapped up in a fun story , ” said Dr. Michael Capps , president of Epic Games . “ People Can Fly has really tapped into the power of Unreal Engine 3 , and the result is a stunningly beautiful playground for mayhem . The skillshot system delivers a new shooter experience that 's stylish , creative and a heck of a lot of fun . We ca n't wait to see what our players do once they get Bulletstorm in their hands . ”
Set in the 26th century on Stygia , a planet where paradise was lost and has since been overrun with rampaging freaks , flesh-eating plants and creatures the size of skyscrapers , Bulletstorm tells the story of Grayson Hunt and Ishi Sato . As ex-members of an elite military force called Dead Echo , Grayson Hunt and Ishi Sato are mercenaries on the run across the galaxy , until they are stranded on Stygia , where their main objective is to survive long enough in order to exact revenge on the one-person responsible for their plight . In Anarchy multiplayer mode , teams of up to four players fight together to survive waves of blood-thirsty mutants while scoring Skillpoints in order to advance . In Echo mode , Bulletstorm tracks and compares players ' scores through locations found in the campaign . Through the Skillshot system , Bulletstorm provides stylish , imaginative ways to perform spectacular kills with some of the most unique weapons ever seen , including the Boneduster , a four-barreled shotgun that packs an incredible punch , to the Headhunter , a sniper rifle that allows player to guide the bullet as it reaches its target .
Bulletstorm for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 includes a one-time-use Online Pass registration code that gives players access to six bonus Echo maps and the exclusive Quicksilver leash . Players who do not have a code can purchase the Bulletstorm Online Pass for 800 Microsoft Points on Xbox LIVE Marketplace and $ 9.99 on the PlayStation Network .
Bulletstorm is now available in North America and will be available February 25 in Europe for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system , the PlayStation®3 computer entertainment system and PC . Also available in limited quantities , the Bulletstorm Epic Edition for Xbox 360 grants players early access to the Gears of War 3 beta as well as additional bonus in-game content * . The Bulletstorm Limited Edition , available for the PlayStation®3 computer entertainment system and PC , also offers additional bonus in-game content * .
For more information on Bulletstorm , please visit www.bulletstorm.com and www.facebook.com/bulletstorm or follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/bulletstorm .
* Conditions and restrictions apply . While supplies last . See back of pack for details if and when available .
* * Content subject to availability .
# # #
About People Can Fly
People Can Fly , an Epic Games studio , creates visually and technically superior action games for PC and console entertainment systems . Founded in 2002 and based in Warsaw , Poland , People Can Fly is developing “ Bulletstorm , ” an original , Unreal Engine 3-powered onslaught of ‘ kill with skill ' gameplay and blockbuster moments to be released in 2011 by Electronic Arts . People Can Fly made its mark on the shooter genre with its award-winning “ Painkiller ” series of games for PC and Xbox prior to shipping Epic 's “ Gears of War ” for PC . Additional information about People Can Fly can be found at www.peoplecanfly.com .
About Epic Games
Founded in 1991 and based in Cary , N.C. , Epic Games develops cutting-edge games and cross-platform game engine technology . Epic 's `` Gears of War '' series has sold more than 12 million copies and won more than 50 Game of the Year awards . Epic 's Unreal Engine 3 is the five-time winner and Hall of Fame inductee for Game Developer 's Best Engine Front Line Award . Unreal Engine 3 has also won three consecutive Develop Industry Excellence Awards , and consequently Develop magazine has dubbed it the number one game engine . Visit www.epicgames.com and www.unrealtechnology.com .
About Electronic Arts
Electronic Arts Inc. ( EA ) , headquartered in Redwood City , California , is a leading global interactive entertainment software company . Founded in 1982 , the Company develops , publishes , and distributes interactive software worldwide for video game systems , personal computers , wireless devices and the Internet . Electronic Arts markets its products under four brand names : EA SPORTS™ , EA™ , EA Mobile™ and POGO™ . In fiscal 2010 , EA posted GAAP net revenue of $ 3.7 billion and had 27 titles that sold more than one million units . EA 's homepage and online game site is www.ea.com . More information about EA 's products and full text of press releases can be found on the Internet at http : //info.ea.com .
EA , EA SPORTS , EA Mobile , and POGO are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. `` PlayStation '' is a registered trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Microsoft , Xbox , and Xbox 360 are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies . People Can Fly and Bulletstorm are trademarks or registered trademarks of People Can Fly in the United States of America and elsewhere . Epic , Epic Games , Gears of War , Gears of War 3 , Unreal , Unreal Engine and UE3 are trademarks or registered trademarks of Epic Games , Inc. in the United States of America and elsewhere . All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Tags : Bulletstorm , DLC , add-on , announcement , details , pricing , release date , Epic Games , People Can Fly , EA , Electronic Arts , Video Game News
The views of GameDynamo 's writers are not necessarily the views of the website as a whole . However , we support freedom of speech and enjoy diverse opinions about video games . Hopefully you do too !
Europeans should question why they are being asked to pay for an American-Israeli adventure in Iran during a time of unprecedented austerity , political analyst Chris Bambery told RT .
Iran says it will definitely put a swift stop to oil exports to `` certain '' European countries . A possible cut in supplies to other EU states is still under discussion .
The move comes in response to an EU oil embargo scheduled to come into force on July 1 .
Political analyst Chris Bambery believes Tehran is referring to leading European powers like Britain and France when it refers to “ certain ” countries . He cites well-documented Western fears of Iranian-directed terrorist attacks in the US and Europe and Tehran 's possession of missiles capable of reaching both .
“ The Iranians must understand from recent history that the history of sanctions , like in the case of the former Yugoslavia or Iraq , has been to soften up those countries in preparation for a military assault , ” Bambery told RT .
Iran is already surrounded by US military bases , so Tehran is surely feeling the pressure of the recent build-up in the Persian Gulf . The situation is dangerous because of the possibility of accidental clashes like the 1988 incident when a US missile accidentally shot down an Iranian civilian airliner over the Strait of Hormuz . The incident claimed the lives of all 290 passengers and crew aboard , uet Washington has never apologized .
Bambery called on the people of Europe and America to force their governments to pull back and start talking with Iran , instead of imposing sanctions on it .
Events in Libya and now Syria set a vivid example of what awaits the Iranians : “ They must feel they are next on the list , ” Bambery says .
Despite repeated statements that the US can not roll out another war , Bambery says , Israel could still attack Iran , bringing immediate retaliation from Tehran and launching a fully-fledged military engagement .
In the meantime , the Iranian oil embargo will deal a low blow to Europe – particularly the crisis-stricken southern states like Greece and Italy – with the ensuing hike in oil prices hitting at other EU countries as well .
Europeans would be better off asking their governments why recession-stricken European national economies should support a war with their oil supplier , Bambery concluded .
After more than 10 years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Pentagon 's research group has announced a new system that could help U.S. troops and multinational forces communicate — a problem that frequently plagued the countries ' cooperation in the field .
Darpa 's nearly-completed Mobile Ad-Hoc Interoperability Gateway ( MAINGATE ) is said to overcome the `` technical incompatibility between communications systems [ that ] can hinder information sharing and timely command and control decisions . '' The latest version of the system will soon make its way to Afghanistan , even as U.S. forces draw down .
`` MAINGATE is designed to be a potent communications force multiplier for joint and combined forces , '' said Keith Gremban , DARPA program manager , in a statement . `` From a radio perspective , MAINGATE allows coalition forces to plug in their own radio systems and MAINGATE takes the necessary steps so everyone can communicate in real time . ''
Darpa has been developing MAINGATE since 2008 , awarding Raytheon an initial $ 155 million contract in 2009 to make the concept into a reality . Certain elements of the project have already been used into U.S. Army systems .
The system relies on two technologies to provide an interoperable network for connecting forces . A high capacity Wireless IP Network ( WIPN ) radio provides a `` terrestrial 'Everything over IP ' backbone '' with enough capacity to simultaneously support many channels of voice , video and data . The second is MAINGATE 's Interoperability Gateway , which provides interconnectivity for otherwise incompatible communications equipment . According to Raytheon , MAINGATE provides 10 megabits per second to a network of as many as 128 nodes that could include drones , ships , bases and vehicles on the ground .
`` We 're transitioning a proven capability that can be kept up to date with the latest IP technology standards , '' said Gremban . `` Just as a smartphone offers the capability to do more than make phone calls , MAINGATE is much more than a radio—it 's a backbone architecture enabling video , data and voice sharing among a diversity of networks and devices . ''
According to Darpa , MAINGATE is designed to accommodate upgrades with future technologies , so that the system stays as current as the latest commercial IP-based communication tools to provide the most advanced capabilities to front-line troops .
Afghanistan will likely not be the only opportunity the Pentagon has to deploy MAINGATE , and Darpa also points out that it could support emergency first responders where multiple agencies and organizations often have incompatible communications systems .
The American people are faced with a momentous choice in this election , one that this newspaper , with its 260-year record of reportage , believes to be among the most crucial in the history of our republic . Our nation is beset by grave threats , both at home and abroad . Our population is fractured and teeming with antagonism . Our economy continues to languish . Now , more than ever before , this country needs a strong and capable leader .
This year , as in every election cycle , the citizens of the United States have been waiting with great anticipation for the presidential endorsement of our editorial board . This is an awesome and sober responsibility , and rest assured , it is one whose far-reaching impact we understand full well .
Advertisement
Which is why we can not in good faith offer a presidential endorsement until both Hillary Rodham Clinton and Donald J. Trump mail back completed copies of the 10-part questionnaire we sent them over two months ago .
We know that millions of Americans will make their decision based on our recommendation . Thus , it would be much too careless—reckless , in fact—to offer an endorsement without a rigorous tabulation and analysis of the results of these questionnaires . While lesser publications may be perfectly satisfied to publish their electoral recommendations based on nothing more than individual observation and subjective opinion , our editorial board refuses to let the candidates ' public appearances , debate performances , campaign speeches , published statements , or advertisements sway our decision in any way .
We believe the appropriate manner by which to make such a vital choice for our country is to directly compare the candidates and their beliefs on a series of identical , meticulously crafted multiple-choice questions . It is the only sensible option when so much is at stake .
Advertisement
The Onion editorial board spent considerable time and effort devising a slate of queries that would , with scientific precision , expose the candidates ' most heartfelt beliefs and individual characters , allowing us to accurately ascertain their competence and fitness to lead . We can not and will not endorse either nominee until we have such information . Indeed , it would be a shameful disservice to this country if we did anything but reserve our judgment .
Below , you will find The Onion 's 2016 Presidential Preparedness Questionnaire . We ask that if Mr. Trump or Secretary Clinton has happened to misplace the copies of this questionnaire that were sent to their campaign headquarters , they print out the following questions on standard 8.5 x 11–inch paper , answer each with the utmost care and candor , and mail the completed document via overnight express to our offices .
_____
Name ( please print ) :
1 . What do you consider to be the most important issue facing our nation ?
Coal prices Other
2 . How can the debt of the U.S. government be eliminated ?
Cut funding for public education after grade 2 Purge all federal monuments of salable marble Incentivize taxpayers with immediate implementation of the Taxation Or Sterilization Choice Act Retake the senselessly ceded Panama Canal Zone
3 . How will you address the problem of homelessness in this country ?
Rebuild the nation 's infrastructure to better conceal those living beneath it Provide them with gainful employment opportunities as ship ballast Instruct the U.S. Mint to use small coins as vectors for a potent new virus All of the above
Please indicate how strongly you agree with the following statements :
4 . Foreigners living within the borders of the United States , and anywhere else in the world , must be made to learn and speak English .
Advertisement
Strongly disagree / Disagree / Neither agree nor disagree / Agree / Strongly agree
5 . Popular entertainment in this country has gone too far in the direction of excluding strong male figures , and can be blamed for much of the country 's moral decline .
Strongly disagree / Disagree / Neither agree nor disagree / Agree / Strongly agree
Advertisement
6 . The welcoming of Hawaii into the Union was a grave mistake .
Strongly disagree / Disagree / Neither agree nor disagree / Agree / Strongly agree
7 . What can be done about the violence and strife in America 's major cities ?
Funnel heavy arms and munitions to the peaceable among them so they may assert their peaceful will A walled compound with the mission of teaching the youth of these areas the value of hard work and humility shall be installed therein It is not the role of the government to intervene in personal arguments
8 . What is the place of a woman in American society ?
The home
9 . On a scale of 1 to 10 , how would you rate your preparedness for the highest office in the land ?
Advertisement
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
10 . Select the attributes that describe you ( circle all that apply ) :
Cunning / Stolid / Unmerciful / Retaliatory / Hardened / Strong ( physically ) / Barbarous / Formidable / Strong ( manipulatively ) / Punctual / Invulnerable / Unyielding / Clean-shaven / Baronial / Aryan
Advertisement
Signature :
Date :
_____
We ask that the candidates pay close attention to each question and give their responses the thought they deserve . We remind them that they must mark their answers with a full and complete circle . IF YOU DO NOT CLOSE YOUR CIRCLES FULLY , WE WILL NOT ENDORSE YOU . We can not stress this enough .
Advertisement
We also ask that Governor Johnson not contact us again , as we have received five separate completed copies of his questionnaire , and do not require any more information from him .
The editors of this publication understand that a presidential candidate 's time is precious , but Mr. Trump 's and Secretary Clinton 's failure to return our questionnaire by the stated deadline , which was written prominently in bold on each mailing , is unacceptable . The Onion is providing a great and selfless service to the voting public , and it is imperative that both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump act with haste to submit their questionnaires for the good of this nation .
We hope that by allowing both candidates an additional seven-day grace period , we may still be able to make an endorsement before Election Day . Otherwise , Americans will have no choice but to head to the polls directionless and ignorant , without the crucial guidance from The Onion they so desperately require .
Advertisement
Tu Stultus Es
The Onion Editorial Board
We are reaching out to you today based on your previous support for the Green Party of Rhode Island and our efforts .
If you have not heard already , we are in the midst of a petition drive that is meant to pressure Senators Reed and Whitehouse to put a single-payer Medicare for All bill on the floor of the Senate to parallel the one entered in the House by Rep. John Conyers , HR 676 , and co-sponsored already by David Cicilline .
And we need your help !
There are many decent progressives already in the Congress who want to see this become law . But the simple truth of passing laws in America is they need to be put through by a large coalition of supporters across the ideological spectrum who realize that their constituents who want to see the bill supported . It is just the way politics in Washington works .
Many local progressives in Rhode Island have said recently that they want to wait for Sen. Sanders to see what he does first . We respect him for his progressive accomplishments and what his campaign for president . But the problem with that logic is simply that he is someone who needs a coalition of supporters to be built up around him first before he can make a move . In a direct practical sense , it means he needs people like Sheldon Whitehouse and Jack Reed to step forward and make clear to him that they are willing to co-sponsor the bill with him . And that in turn means we as the constituents of Whitehouse and Reed need to pressure them to express support for Sen. Sanders ' efforts .
Let 's not kid ourselves , this is a tremendous challenge . The private medical insurance industry generates a massive sum of money that has been spent for decades to keep a Medicare for All system from being implemented . Furthermore , they and the other elements of the medical-industrial complex , such as Big Pharma , are major Democratic Party donors that exert significant influence on lawmakers through a network of lobbyists , campaign donors , think tanks , and other shadowy avenues .
But we as the voters and constituents have several advantages here . First , the April 2016 primary where Sen. Sanders swept Secretary Clinton came about in no small part because of his support for a Medicare for All system becoming law . Second , surveys continue to show overwhelmingly that the majority of Americans support a single payer system , as reflected in this May 2016 Gallup poll and , more importantly , 41 percent of Republicans and leaners favored replacing the ACA with single-payer !
That means this is not just a 'progressive ' issue , it is an American issue that has support across party lines and includes those who might not call themselves progressives . Third , as healthcare scholar and expert John Geyman has shown in recent works , there is nothing left to be done in healthcare except for a single payer plan . We have seen every avenue exhausted and fail to deliver a solution equitable to what every other industrialized nation has previously put into practice .
And so here is what we need you to do .
First , if you have not done so already , sign our petition by clicking here .
Second , share this link on your Facebook page so others can get involved .
Third , think about people you know in your family and social network who might not agree with you on every progressive because you are passionate about but who might or is interested in seeing a fair and just healthcare system be implemented in Rhode Island and America . Forward this email to them or share that Facebook link with them . You would be surprised how many faith leaders and civically-engaged folks you disagree with on many issues are actually on the same side as you with regards to this matter . Have a community conversation with your neighbors and urge them to sign our petition . This will build momentum and show our Senators that it is time to implement this law .
Thank you for your time today and here 's to a Green future !
Green Party of Rhode Island
http : //greensofri.nationbuilder.com/
When my friend and I met up last week to go to Occupy Wall Street , I wore my long flowing pin stripe skirt , a black-and-white vintage blouse , and a nude pair of shiny ballet flats . After the police brutality at the start of the occupation , dressing chic seemed both a fun and safe thing to do . If the NYPD tried to arrest me for marching , I would simply say , `` Excuse me , I was on my way to Tiffany to buy a watch . '' If you look like you can spend money -- even if you ca n't -- they 're more likely to leave you alone . I learned that from homeless people I used to write with .
I used to meet homeless people while registering voters on the streets of downtown Portland , Oregon in the 2004 election . The most striking thing I learned was that some dressed up for their own safety and dignity -- Sunday church best . And years later , I saw the same simple sophistication while facilitating a writing group in New York for a homeless outreach program in a church uptown ; the participants dressed to fit in so as not to be bothered by punks or police .
When the police close in along Occupy Wall Street , their minds naturally do what humans do -- look for patterns . When this natural human reaction overacts we call it profiling . If the protesters occupying Liberty Plaza all dedicated a day to looking like Mae West or Cary Grant , we would turn the lazy profile thinking on its head . And it would be one sharply-dressed Liberty Plaza . How many photos do you see of Martin Luther King , Jr. in jeans ?
We 've reached a boiling point in needing to avoid the kind of world Orwell warned us about . And drastic times call for chic measures . Security officers will judge you as quickly as Vogue editorial assistants by what you wear .
I found out the annoying way . As an intern for Senator Barbara Boxer , I got to attend lectures on the Hill , including one by then-Vice President Dick Cheney . At the open mic , in my shaggy Northern Californian best , I got in line behind three finely dressed interns who all asked generic questions as bland as their ties . Meanwhile , I waited to ask him how Halliburton could even be involved in the Iraq War in any capacity given his years at the company and how that would support the international community 's protests that the U.S. went to war for corporate profits -- it was the most polite way I could think of asking . When it was my turn , suddenly question time was over . And the security aid who cut me off did it with such a sly knowing smile . It could n't have been because of my long messy hair -- a Northern Californian specialty -- or laid-back office casual among an audience of ties and pantsuits ? They got me .
I appreciate that long sleeves and jeans are better for when being dragged by police and that bandanas around the neck are useful in case of tear gas . But have a little fun in this historic moment for our country and dress up for Liberty Square as you would your best friend 's wedding , with the weather and dragging in mind . The NYPD would n't be able to tell the difference between the protesters and the commuters . It would create a Neo vs. multi-Agent Smiths effect .
What 's happening at Occupy Wall Street is an universal movement , an inclusive movement to save corporations from themselves ( because they 're people now and require an intervention ) . If their greed addiction and power is n't reigned in then they can have their way with human life , the environment , your home , my home -- unchecked power comes with unchecked imagination . So instead of having the usual army of protesters in the usual fatigues , more people need to come out from all walks of life to show this is about all of us , not a marginalized group with enough free time and passion to stand up for what 's right -- the `` dirty hippies '' who leverage what 's left of our democracy .
Since the growing inequality gap and corporate take-over of our democracy affects all Americans , citizens of the world , and the environment , then all glamazons across this great capital of fashion , entertainment , and the arts should join Occupy Wall Street . Yes , glamazon , I 'm talking to you . Yes , you are a glamazon . We all are when we want to be .
Art/Air Supplies Needed :
Nigerian police have opened a murder investigation after human skeletons and body parts were discovered in an abandoned building in the south-west .
Officers also rescued several people nearby who had been chained together and appeared severely malnourished .
The alarm had been raised by motorcycle taxi riders in the city of Ibadan after some of their colleagues went missing .
Several people have been arrested in the city - Nigeria 's third largest - a police spokeswoman said .
Living skeletons
When police searched the abandoned building - dubbed the `` house of horror '' by the media - they found skeletons , decomposing bodies , skulls and bones on bloodstained floors .
A number of people were found shackled in leg-irons inside the building .
`` Some seven malnourished human beings looking like living skeletons were also rescued in the bushes surrounding the building , '' police spokeswoman Olabisi Ilobanafor told AFP .
She said the motorbike riders had stumbled on the bodies after complaining to police about the disappearance of colleagues in suspicious circumstances .
`` It is not a common occurrence in Ibadan or in the ( Oyo ) state . The police will investigate this crime in all its ramifications , '' she said .
Observers say some victims of kidnapping are often tortured or used as sacrifices in black magic rituals .
PHOENIX – When Rep. Bob Thorpe ran for reelection in November , the areas in around the Northern Arizona University campus were among his lowest vote tallies .
Thorpe won reelection anyway , with strong showings in the largely Republican Gila and Navajo counties portion of his legislative district .
Now the Flagstaff lawmaker wants to keep students from voting , unless they happen to already have been living there with their families before they went to school .
HB 2260 would make it illegal to use a dormitory address “ or other temporary college or university address ” like an apartment to register to vote . Instead , Arizona law would presume these to be “ a temporary address with intent to return to some other permanent address . ”
Thorpe 's legislation also comes shortly after voters in Flagstaff approved an initiative to eventually move that city 's minimum wage to $ 15 per hour .
That measure passed by a margin of 54-46 percent citywide . But in multiple areas around the NAU campus the margin was closer to 2-1 , and even approached 3-1 at two precincts that include parts of the campus , enough to overturn the vote in some some residential precincts where it failed .
What Thorpe proposes would have statewide effect on candidate , bond and initiative elections in communities with public and private colleges with students in residence on or near the campus .
Separately , Thorpe has crafted HB 2124 to not only bar local communities from ever enacting their own “ living wage ” laws higher than the state minimum but also retroactively repeal what Flagstaff voters approved in November .
And he proposes in HB 2255 to make it illegal for individuals and businesses who do not reside in Arizona to contribute money in support or opposition to ballot measures .
Thorpe refused to speak about any of his proposals .
But Sen. Steve Farley , D-Tucson , assistant minority leader , said the measure on student voting is bad public policy .
“ The problem we 're having with young voters now is they 're not voting often enough , ” said Farley , whose district includes areas in and around the University of Arizona . “ If they 're committed to their college community , committed enough to want to reregister to vote there , then we ought to encourage that . ”
What it also is , according to Coconino County Recorder Patty Hansen , is illegal . “ You ca n't single out a group of people , ” she said , citing a 1979 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court that upheld a lower court ruling voiding practices by Waller County , Texas , which involved special treatment of college students when they sought to register to vote .
Secretary of State Michele Reagan has her own problems with what Thorpe wants to do .
“ I 'm not in favor of that just as somebody who spent the last year on all of the college campuses personally registering people to vote , ” she said . “ That would fly in the face of everything we 've tried to do in the past year . ”
In fact , Reagan said she is working with Arizona State University on a pilot program to let students register to vote when they register for class .
And Reagan said HB 2260 makes the presumption that students are somehow linked to where their parents live .
“ They 're not using their home address any more , ” Reagan said . “ They 're using their student address . ”
Thorpe is doing more than trying to change rules for who can vote in future elections . He wants to amend a pair of statewide initiatives voters already have approved , one in 2006 and one just last year , that set a statewide minimum wage .
HB 2124 would say that only a statewide minimum wage is permitted . And if approved , it would be retroactive to Oct. 31 , meaning it would effectively nullify the Flagstaff vote .
It also has language allowing employers statewide to pay a wage below the state minimum to employees who are in training . Thorpe 's measure does not say how little that may be .
Thorpe also wants to limit who can contribute to ballot measures , like that just approved minimum wage hike .
Existing law allows any individual or corporation to give money to try to get an initiative approved or rejected . The only requirement is that the campaign committees that get the cash detail from who it comes .
HB 2255 would make it illegal for anyone from outside of Arizona to contribute money for or against ballot measures .
That measure , however , may have a large loophole : It specifically covers committees organized “ for the purpose of influencing a ballot measure. ” And Thorpe 's legislation would continue to leave the door open for out-of-state residents to continue to give to political candidates and their campaign committees .
Rep. Ken Clark , D-Tucson , said it would be one thing if Thorpe were seeking better disclosure of the source of donations . “ But I do n't think you can legally restrict out-of-state money from being spent in Arizona , ” he said .
Other measures being sponsored by Thorpe this session includes :
• HB 2097 making it illegal for the state or local governments to use resources to implement federal laws , federal court rulings , executive orders and rules ;
• HB 2119 allowing the attorney general to withhold some state aid from community colleges and universities that offer in-state tuition to “ dreamers ” ;
• HB 2120 withholding some state aid from community colleges and universities that teach courses the attorney general determines promote hatred ;
• HB 2121 barring local governments from refusing to cooperate in some instances with federal immigration officials ;
• HB 2282 allowing the legislature , by simple majority , to remove a federal judge “ who is not serving in good behavior ” ; and ,
• HB 2283 requiring state universities and community colleges to warn students that there may not be jobs available in their chosen fields .
Christchurch 's new stadium could be a 25,000-seat $ 496m venue with a retractable pitch , according to a new report .
Photo : Christchurch Stadium Trust
The feasibility study by the Christchurch Stadium Trust , established to manage the stadium , details four options for a multi-use arena next to the central city .
A blueprint for the new stadium was drawn up in 2012 as part of the earthquake recovery plan , and the original idea was to have a 35,000-seat covered arena with a retractable roof .
But the trust 's study found that option would be too expensive , and too big .
Read the full report here ( PDF , 5.8MB ) .
The report instead detailed four other options with the cheapest , at $ 368m , catering for 25,000 people and having a roof covering up to 80 percent of the venue .
The most expensive would have 30,000 permanent seats , a solid roof and retractable pitch , with a price tag of $ 584m .
But the preferred option was a $ 496m stadium , which would have 25,000 permanent seats , a solid roof and retractable pitch .
The city council has already promised a quarter of a billion dollars for the project , which would take more than five years to build .
Despite the report 's conclusions , Greater Christchurch Regeneration Minister Nicky Wagner said cost was not the most important element in the choice of a new stadium .
She said while cost was a factor , the design of the stadium must be flexible enough to host sport , concerts and exhibitions .
`` A covered roof gives more options , but if you can remove a retractable pitch , which is a new technology that has been used overseas , not used in New Zealand , that also means you can also have not only turf-based activities , but also hard-floor activities . ''
Christchurch mayor Lianne Dalziel said the city would get the most versatility from the preferred option , but additional funding would be needed .
Ms Dalziel said the council had committed $ 253m to building a new arena , and other funding partners would need to be found .
Canterbury Rugby Union chair Trevor McIntyre said while it was an expensive facility , it was what the community wanted and would help to make Christchurch an international destination .
Mr McIntyre said he did not believe the Canterbury Rugby Union should have to contribute to the building costs .
Construction could start at the beginning of 2019 .
The study was commissioned by the government and the city council .
Re-signing or replacing third baseman Juan Uribe figures to be at or near the top of the Dodgers ' to-do list at baseball 's winter meetings , which start Monday in Florida .
General Manager Ned Colletti said the Dodgers have already made multiple contract offers to the once-downtrodden Uribe , who suddenly has leverage .
That Uribe would find himself in this position would have been unthinkable a year ago , as he was coming off consecutive seasons in which he hit a combined .199 . But a bounce-back 2013 season , coupled with a shortage of out-of-contract players at his position , have arguably made him the top third baseman on the free-agent market .
Uribe is believed to be asking for another three-year contract . The Dodgers have something shorter in mind .
Uribe batted .278 with 12 home runs and 50 runs batted in this season . He drew praise for defensive play and positive influence in the clubhouse . However , he turns 35 in March .
If the Dodgers fail to re-sign Uribe , they could move Hanley Ramirez to third base and pursue a shortstop instead .
The Dodgers could also be in need of a second baseman , should they decide Cuban defector Alexander Guerrero is n't ready for the major leagues . Guerrero has been limited to handful of games in the Dominican winter league , which has presented the Dodgers with an obstacle in evaluating him .
The Dodgers remain in contact with free agent Mark Ellis .
Colletti is also intent on adding pieces to the bullpen . Although the Dodgers signed Brian Wilson last week , they remain in search of left- and right-handed late-inning options . Colletti said he would also like to add a long reliever .
The Dodgers would like to re-sign left-hander J.P. Howell , who told The Times last month that he is looking for a three-year deal .
The list of free-agent relievers who could be open to one-year contracts includes Jose Veras , Chris Perez , John Axford , Mitchell Boggs and Jesse Crain .
Share This !
The groundhog has spoken , and spring is on the way . Time to think of birds singing and flowers blooming . ( And maybe restocking allergy supplies… )
It also is time to start planning for the Epcot International Flower and Garden festival . Now in its 23rd year , this annual event has brought a splash of color and new life to the Epcot resort . This year , the festival will run from March 2 through May 30 , 2016 . Whether this is your first visit or you 're an old pro , here are some hints to help make the most of your visit .
Passport
Be sure to pick up a festival passport from the festival center or from select gift shop or food booth locations . In addition to having menus of the food booths , locations of topiaries , and a list of concert performers , the passport also contains information about the festival and makes a lovely ( and free ) souvenir . At each location in the passport , you can stop by and get a special stamp .
Garden Rocks Concerts
In the evenings from Friday through Sunday , Epcot comes alive with the sounds of some famous musicians in the Garden Rocks concert series . The concerts are offered three times a night at The American Adventure pavilion 's American Gardens Theater .
This year will include some newcomers to the festival with performances by Blood , Sweat & Tears , Brian Howe ( Bad Company ) , Georgia Satellites , and Darlene Love . Also returning are favorites like Starship , Herman 's Hermits , Village People , and Gin Blossoms , among others . You 'll want to arrive early if you want a good seat in the American Gardens Theater , but you can also enjoy hearing the music from the outdoor areas around The American Adventure pavilion .
Flowers and Gardens
I remember being amazed by topiaries that I saw on my first visits to Walt Disney World more than 30 years ago , and the presentation of these verdant works of art has only improved over time . You can find character topiaries scattered throughout Epcot along with flowers everywhere , including more than 200 “ floating gardens ” . In addition , almost every place that can be covered with flowers will be covered with flowers . It is like walking through a living art gallery .
Outdoor Kitchens
Think of the outdoor kitchens like a miniature Food and Wine festival . Thirteen booths now grace the area around World Showcase lagoon , offering a variety of foods that focus on fresh flavors . New this year is La Isla Fresca , with Caribbean flavors , and Cider House , with dishes prepared with cider served alongside hard ciders .
Kids ' Activities
Playgrounds may not be the highlight of your visit to Flower and Garden , but if you are a kid , these monster-sized outdoor play areas are sure to be a hit . This year there will be a two play areas : a music-themed play area and Cactus Road Rally , with a Cars theme . In addition , the walk-through butterfly experience is back , along with other exhibits geared toward the younger set .
Merchandise
Disney event merchandise comprises the same type of items from year to year , although the designs vary from desirable to outlet-worthy . Like years prior , expect limited edition or limited release pins , MagicBands , and Dooney & Bourke bags , alongside a variety of t-shirts , mugs and glasses , hats , and more . Disney has released an unboxing video of some of the merchandise here .
Festival Center
In the old Wonders of Life pavilion in Future World is the Festival Center for Flower and Garden . Events occur throughout the day offering educational experiences with Master Gardeners , hands-on presentations and demonstrations , and exhibits about what it takes to bring a festival like this into reality .
What does it take to bring this about ? How about more than 100 topiaries , 76,000 bedding plants around Future World 's East and West Lake alone ( part of the 200,000 bedding plants added around Epcot for the festival ) , more than a mile and a half of gardens , and more than 1,200 orchids just at the Mexico Pavilion ! The beauty of this festival is really a testament to the hard work of the horticulture team .
Admission to the activities , entertainment , and exhibits of the Epcot International Flower & Garden Festival is free with your admission to Epcot . Whether you choose to make this the focus of your visit or just added enjoyment to your park visit , Flower & Garden is worth a visit to Epcot whether or not you choose to stop and smell the flowers .
LONDON — Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi , the only person ever convicted of the bombing of flight Pan Am 103 , was released from a Scottish prison Thursday . The announcement was made by Scotland 's Justice Minister , Kenny MacAskill .
MacAskill said he was releasing Megrahi on `` compassionate grounds . '' The convicted man has terminal prostate cancer and the current prognosis of his survival is three months or less . The justice minister told reporters the Scots `` are a people who pride ourselves on our humanity . '' He added : `` We believe justice be served but mercy be shown . ''
The decision was made in the face of intense private and public pressure from senior U.S. officials . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lobbied against the release right up to the last minute . She told reporters yesterday , `` It is inappropriate . I am very much against it . I take this very personally . I think it is absolutely wrong . ''
Last week , six U.S. senators including John Kerry and Ted Kennedy sent a letter to MacAskill demanding that Megrahi remain in prison .
The decision is just the latest moment of controversy in a two decades long saga .
Pan Am 103 was blown out of the skies over Lockerbie Scotland on Dec. 21 , 1988 . All 259 people aboard the plane and 11 on the ground were killed . Most of the victims were either American or British , and over the years a split has developed between the two sides over the way justice should be pursued . The split comes from two very understandable needs of the victims ' families : the need for punishment and the need for truth . In this case these needs were in conflict . Most of the American families wanted punishment . Susan Cohen , whose daughter died in the atrocity , told the BBC last week , `` Any letting out of Megrahi would be a disgrace . It makes me sick , and if there is a compassionate release then I think that is vile . '' Her view is typical among American families .
But Dr. Jim Swire , a Briton who also lost a daughter , believes Megrahi is innocent . `` Two wrongs do n't make a right , '' he told the BBC . `` The horror of Lockerbie plus the horror of this man dying away from his family do n't make one right . ''
Swire , heads the group representing victim families in Britain . Over the years , the retired physician has become a lightning rod for the anger of victims ' families in the U.S . He is acutely aware of the distress his views cause . `` I do n't want to make life worse for those who lost family members but forgive me , I want the truth . ''
The Lockerbie case is a paradigm of the wise old saw , `` justice delayed is justice denied . ''
It took more than a decade to investigate the crime , accuse Megrahi and one other Libyan , Lamin Khalifah Fhima , of perpetrating it and then bring them to trial .
At every stage of the process there were enough gaps in the facts made public to inspire not just the usual gaggle of conspiracy theorists — people who think that every nefarious event in the world is either the work of the Mossad or governments in thrall to the oil industry — but more thoughtful people who do not see the puzzle fitting together and who ask , not unreasonably , if Megrahi is a fall guy does n't that mean the real criminals are walking free ?
A quick summary of the case :
Initial suspicion for the crime fell on the Iranian government . It had motive : In the summer of 1988 , an American warship , the USS Vincennes , on patrol in the Persian Gulf had blasted an Iranian civilian airliner out of the sky killing 290 people . Ayatollah Khomeini had vowed revenge .
It was believed that the job was contracted out to a radical Palestinian faction in Syria . For more than a year this was the theory of the crime and FBI investigators were happy to leak the theory to the press .
Two years later , the theory changed . A scrap of clothing found at the site of the disaster , believed to have been in the suitcase which contained the bomb was traced to a store in Malta . The store 's owner , identified Megrahi as the purchaser of the clothing . Megrahi worked for Libyan airlines in Malta .
The theory now shifted , Megrahi had put the bomb in a suitcase on a plane in Malta bound for Frankfurt . In Frankfurt , the suitcase was put on a Pan Am flight 103A to London , there the bag was transferred on to Pan Am 103 to New York .
Libya 's motive for the attack was not clear .
Warrants were issued for Megrahi 's and Fhimah 's arrest in 1991 . It would take six years and a change of British government before Nelson Mandela was able to broker a deal between the new British prime Minister , Tony Blair , and Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi that led to this agreement : the pair would be sent for trial in a neutral country under the rules of Scottish law ( the Scottish legal system has historically been different from that of England and the rest of the UK ) . The neutral country agreed was the Netherlands . The two Libyan men were handed over to authorities there in late 1999 and the trial began in February 2000 . A year later Megrahi was convicted , his co-defendant found innocent .
But that would never be the end of the story . Megrahi appealed his conviction . The appeal was denied . He then applied for a judicial revue , this was a more successful maneuver . New facts came to light . Exculpatory evidence — a break-in at Heathrow airport the night before Pan Am 103 took off — was withheld from the defense . His lawyers claimed that it was possible the bomb was planted during the break-in . In 2007 , Megrahi was granted leave to appeal a second time .
Meanwhile other aspects of the case were resolved . Libya agreed to pay compensation of around $ 8 million to each family . In return the U.N. removed all sanctions from Libya . Gadhafi began a rapid process of rehabilitating his nation from being a pariah to a key supplier of oil to the west .
In 2007 , in one of his final acts as prime minister , Tony Blair went to Libya to meet with Gadhafi and signed a memorandum , a Prisoner Transfer Agreement , at around the same time British Petroleum entered into a long-term multi-billion dollar with the Libyan National Oil company to develop Libya 's massive oil reserves .
Other things changed as well . Tony Blair campaigned on a platform of devolving power to Scotland . Following his victory in the 1997 election , Scotland was allowed to form a government with its own parliament . Scottish nationalist politics began to muddy the waters . In June 2007 , the Scottish National Party won a majority of seats and formed a government for the first time .
Scotland 's First Minister , Alex Salmond is a nationalist and he expressed anger at the time that Blair had in effect committed the Scottish government to transferring Megrahi at some point in the future . Salmond saw that as an infringement of Scottish sovereignty .
Today , MacAskill said the Libyan government had indeed made an application for Megrahi 's transfer under the agreement . He rejected that request .
In a final twist of the story , Megrahi dropped his appeal earlier this week . Under Scottish law he could not be released while there were legal proceedings underway . Swire and others had hoped that in the appeal court new evidence would come out that would bring the truth of what happened closer .
So now Megrahi is en route to Libya and there is bitter disappointment for those who sought punishment and those who sought truth . He will die in Libya surrounded by his family and friends . He will take his secrets to the grave with him and the government of Libya will be under no compulsion to make public what it knows .
The only way forward now would be for the British and American governments to tell us what they know — or hold a further public review of events . Justice Minister MacAskill , acknowledged today , `` There are questions to be asked and answered about the case but they are beyond the jurisdiction of the Scottish government . '' He added Scottish authorities would be willing to assist in answering those questions .
But it is unlikely that the American and British governments will ever get around to asking them .
Mathieu Debuchy is convinced that Arsenal will mount a strong challenge for next season 's Premier League title .
The Gunners are the league 's form team in 2015 , winning 18 out of 22 games in all competitions since the turn of the year .
“ I am convinced that we will challenge for the title [ next season ] , ” the defender told Arsenal Player . “ Every big club wants to win it , Arsenal is a big club and it is definitely a target for us all. ” Arsenal 's slow start to the campaign left them too far behind champions Chelsea , but Debuchy is confident the Gunners can take their current form into next season .
Debuchy had a frustrating start to life in north London and is looking forward to ending the season on a high after returning from injury in Arsenal 's FA Cup semi-final win against Reading .
`` I really hope we can carry on playing well until the end , and if we do we will say it was a good season '' Mathieu Debuchy
“ It has been a difficult season for me , ” he admitted . “ I had two injuries , involving two operations , one on my knee , one on my ankle . It is a shame because I felt very good with the team , I think I made a good start to the season , so to be off the pitch for almost six months was difficult to deal with .
“ When you start a new season in a new club , you really want to prove what you are capable of . I really thought that the difficult time was behind me and that I could show my qualities . Unfortunately I picked up my shoulder injury only a few weeks later and that was difficult for me to deal with .
“ But having a lot of French players at the club was a good thing to help me settle quickly , especially the guys that I know from the French national team . It was a bonus ,
ADVERT
and they 've helped me a lot .
“ Of course it is not finished yet but so far , it is a good season , ” he added . “ We 've picked up a lot of wins , a lot of good results . I really hope we can carry on playing well until the end , and if we do we will say it was a good season . ”
There are many things that raise serious questions about the meeting between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the husband of a woman under FBI investigation , namely Bill Clinton .
As I wrote yesterday , Gross appearance of impropriety in AG Lynch private meeting with Bill Clinton :
Neither Lynch nor Bill Clinton are dummies . They both know that such a private meeting creates the appearance of impropriety regardless of what was discussed . Bill Clinton 's wife is being investigated by the FBI — why do you think he dropped in for a chat with Lynch ? Of course they did n't discuss the case . They did n't need to . If there was no appearance of impropriety , why did Lynch wait until a local news crew , apparently tipped off , asked her about it ?
I do n't think enough media focus has been on the non-disclosure . If not for the media tip-off , no one would have known the meeting took place except for Lynch , Clinton , and security details . And none of them are going to go on the record , at least not now .
Most damning part Lynch-Bill Clinton get together did n't announce it until asked at presser https : //t.co/FjcHt818SR pic.twitter.com/klF11AmCje — Legal Insurrection ( @ LegInsurrection ) June 30 , 2016
One other thing evaded my attention the first time around . There was one other person present , Lynch 's husband .
Take a look back at the original ABC15 report ( emphasis added ) :
The private meeting took place on the west side of Sky Harbor International Airport on board a parked private plane . Former President Clinton was visiting the Phoenix area and arrived to Sky Harbor Monday evening to depart . Sources tell ABC15 Clinton was notified Lynch would be arriving at the airport soon and waited for her arrival . Lynch was arriving in Phoenix for a planned visit as part of her national tour to promote community policing . ABC15 asked Lynch about the meeting during her news conference at the Phoenix Police Department . “ I did see President Clinton at the Phoenix airport as he was leaving and spoke to myself and my husband on the plane , ” said Lynch .
In my original analysis , I took as a given that nothing improper was said , but took the position that the mere meeting obviously was arranged by Clinton to influence Lynch .
That is a position presumed by many .
I take @ LorettaLynch & @ billclinton at their word that their convo in Phoenix did n't touch on probe . But foolish to create such optics . — David Axelrod ( @ davidaxelrod ) June 30 , 2016
It 's unimaginable that Lynch would have lied in her press conference , but why should the public , the media and the Congressional committees with oversight over such matters simply take Lynch 's word for it ? Is n't oversight the process not only of finding out information , but also verifying information already disclosed by public officials ?
Moreover , more than the words stated matter .
What was the atmosphere ? Old friends with a warm greeting suggesting an affinity by Lynch for the Clintons ? A professional demeanor ? Or anything else that would suggest that beyond the words , the nature of the meeting suggested an improper motive by Clinton ?
There are plenty of facts not yet known , that could be disclosed by aggressive media digging ( the type applied to Republicans ) and congressional subpoenas . There are at least three people with knowledge — AG Lynch , her husband , and Clinton .
Given that the outcome of a presidential election may turn on whether DOJ fairly and impartially evaluates the evidence against Hillary , the public has an enormous stake in finding out every aspect of this almost-off-the-record sit down on the tarmac in Lynch 's private plane between the chief law enforcement officer of the United States and the husband of a presidential candidate under FBI investigation .
Media and Congress , do your jobs .
Big-time collaborations
There 's a massive Visiting Chef dinner series happening at Hotel Bel-Air on May 3 , as part of the ongoing LA Times Food Bowl . The dinner will feature Massimo Bottura , Roy Choi , Nancy Silverton , and Puck himself , and costs a whopping $ 500 per person . It 's a six-course affair , and at the very least some of the proceeds are going to non-profits like Chefs to End Hunger and Food for Soul .
Your friendly neighborhood chef de cuisine
Good news for the affable Denis Crutchfield , as he 's been officially installed as chef de cuisine at Craft in Century City . The Tom Colicchio restaurant will now have Crutchfield more formally installed as overall kitchen lead as the comforting finer dining restaurant moves into the summer .
Tarzana 's next
The upcoming Magpies Softserve is nearly ready in Tarzana , as you can see by the below construction shot . The space will carry much the same feel as their Silver Lake original , and should land with plenty of time to ramp up for any summer heatwaves .
A very design-friendly Starbucks
There 's a colorful new Starbucks being proposed for Santa Monica , says Curbed LA , right along historic Ocean Front Walk . The Arts Architect property could include bright purple overhangs , and a colorful aquatic mural along the edge of the roof .
Parsnip fans abound
There 's more and more love coming for Highland Park 's new restaurant Parsnip , including this ode to the place by LA Weekly 's Besha Rodell . The simple Romanian highlight is already becoming popular with the neighborhood , and now an even bigger media fawning period may be starting up .
Pizza deals
The Westlake Village location of Barone 's is doing a pizza deal today , to celebrate their two-year anniversary . The square pie aficionados offer a half-off deal across the board on pizza , plus a complimentary wine tasting and more .
Off menu offerings
WP24 by Wolfgang Puck is also celebrating an anniversary , working a new off-menu option called 24/7 that lets guests sample around from the restaurant 's prodigious playbook with a number of $ 7 options to snack on . There 's the pork belly bao , the steamed chicken dumplings , you just ask to ask your server — so sly winks required .
The new STK hideaway
Since bar exclusivity is all the rage these days , it 's worth knowing about STK Los Angeles 's new poolside bar called , appropriately , The Hideout . The outdoor option , formerly called The Backyard , will offer food , drinks , and a chic look to folks staying on property . Expect a reopening in May .
New faces at Broken Spanish
With Mike Lay moving on from Broken Spanish a while back , there 's been a gap in leadership at the bar . Now comes Darwin Pornel , who transitions over from Faith & Flower to revamp the cocktails just a couple of blocks away .
More Ceviche Project
Want more ceviche in your life ? Stylish chef Octavio Olivas is bringing his Ceviche Project back to Los Angeles after a run in Mexico , this time landing his dinner series at Bar Bandini in Echo Park on April 30 .
It might infuriate some purists , but Holden is experimenting with a new turbocharged V6 under the hood of their V8 Supercars test mule . Built in response to the new ‘ Gen 2 ' regulations which allow for four-door bodies and the option of turbocharged four- or six-cylinder engines , Triple Eight Racing Engineering developed this testbed , known as ‘ Sandman , ' initially with the current V8 but , more recently , with something a little smaller .
The new motor is a 3.6-liter GM V6 , as used in the Cadillac ATS-V.R . GT3 racers , and uses two turbochargers to produce the grunt necessary to run with the big atmospheric motors . Though the engine in this wagon and the Cadillac racers are quite similar , the turbochargers and intercoolers were relocated here for purposes of packaging and improved center-of-gravity .
The compact motor , named the LF4.R , is marketed as a racing evolution of the 3.8-liter V6 from the CTS-V sport and developed by GM Powertrain . It 's considerably reworked with bigger BorgWarner EFR turbochargers , massive water-to-air intercoolers , a carbon fiber intake , a Bosch MS5.1 ECU , and a lightweight aluminum block . The GT3-spec engines produce 600 horsepower at 7,200 rpm and 520 lb-ft of torque without restrictors , though , with the engine having been developed over two years already , the power levels could rise in the evolution for V8 Supercar .
The Big Question
Though the category wo n't have to be renamed with this new motor on the grid , the major concern is the sound . Though some are concerned about the sound not fitting with the sport 's soundtrack , if you like , the raspy six has makes some pleasant popping , whizzing , and sneezing , and a throaty exhaust note . Plus , with a side-exit exhaust , expect fireballs a-plenty .
This promotional , attention-grabbing vehicle—hence the wagon body—is designed to develop the engine prior to next season , when Triple Eight will use it in select races . As of now , it is the only proposed V6 for 2018 , so the 5.0-liter V8 will remain the category 's defacto motor until 2019 , when Triple Eight plans to equip all their cars with the turbocharged V6 .
With V8 Supercars Champion Craig Lowndes handling the Sandman , it looks like a manageable machine . The progressive power delivery make the horsepower look completely controllable—though it 's obvious he 's not wringing it out entirely . Nevertheless , it 's interesting to see how linearly the power comes on , how quickly the turbos spool , and how rapid it is at the top end of the rev range . The addition of this motor is a harkening back to the days of Group A racing , when a diverse lineup which included the Nissan GT-R , the Ford Sierra Cosworth , and the big-bored Holdens . The addition of bigger bodies and smaller engines ought to provide a little needed variety in the category .
Clearly , the sound 's not quite bellow like the typical V8 , but it does n't sound like a hairdryer either . With time , it 's likely that the naysayers will be silenced by the barking six .
The last time I checked bikes for sale on Craigslist NY , it was in search of a hybrid that had , uh , gone missing from West 16th Street . No disrespect . Just saying .
If you were in the market , would n't it be great to have a vetted list of bikes , accompanied by photos , detailed specs and a bit of backstory , emailed to your inbox ? Dave Dawson , a New York City graphic designer who uses his bike for daily transportation around town , thinks so .
That 's why he 's launched a new marketplace for used bikes in NYC called GetBiked.com . It delivers descriptions of used bikes for sale to people who subscribe by email . Dawson says he wants to build community around bike-loving buyers and sellers , giving those parting with their rides a locally-focused , easy-to-use listing platform and relieving frustration on the buyers ' side by “ cutting out the riffraff . ”
All types of bikes and vintages are welcome as long as sellers provide complete information using his online template , Dawson says . Buyer-friendly data includes make/model , size , color , price , number of gears , condition , neighborhood , photos , a detailed description and why the bike is being sold . Dawson individually reviews each listing , but takes no part in the sale ; GetBiked is meant to be a virtual town square where buyer and seller meet .
I 've subscribed , so here are a few examples of the bikes that landed in my inbox yesterday . ( These are screenshots that include make/model and price only ) :
For the time being , the service is free . In the future , Dawson says he plans to charge a flat rate for listing bikes . As the project evolves , he 's looking for listings , subscribers and feedback from the cycling community . Click here to learn more and sign up .
As a reminder , it 's a good idea to take a used bike to your local bike shop to get it checked out , find the gear you need to make your ride street legal in NYC and purchase a good lock – so your new acquisition does n't end up you know where .
Top photo : Bekka Palmer
A U.S. judge rejected Hawaii 's bid to exempt grandparents from President Donald Trump 's temporary travel ban on Thursday , but ruled that the state could ask the U.S. Supreme Court directly to clarify which parts of the order should take effect .
U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu had been asked to interpret a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court that revived parts of Trump 's March 6 executive order banning people from six Muslim-majority countries for 90 days .
The highest court let the ban go forward with a limited scope , saying it could not apply to anyone with a credible `` bona fide relationship '' with a U.S. person or entity .
Trump said the measure was necessary to prevent extremist attacks . However , opponents including states and refugee advocacy groups sued to stop it , disputing its security rationale and saying it discriminated against Muslims .
Watson said in Thursday 's ruling he `` declines to usurp the prerogative of the Supreme Court to interpret its own order . ''
Hawaii said late on Thursday it would appeal against Watson 's ruling to the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco , according to a court filing .
The Justice Department said in a statement it was pleased with the ruling .
`` We are confident that the U.S. Supreme Court will again vindicate the president and his constitutional duty to protect the national security of the United States , '' it said .
The government said after last month 's Supreme Court ruling that a `` bona fide relationship '' meant close family members only , such as parents , spouses , fiancés , siblings , and children .
Grandparents , grandchildren , aunts , uncles , nieces , nephews and cousins from Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen would still be banned .
The state of Hawaii asked Watson last week to clarify the Supreme Court 's ruling , arguing the government 's definition of `` bona fide relationship '' was too narrow .
Justice Department lawyers said its definition `` hews closely '' to language found in U.S. immigration law , while Hawaii 's attorney general 's office said other parts of immigration law included grandparents as close family .
The government reversed its position on fiancés before the ban went into effect last week , saying they could also qualify for exceptions .
The roll-out of the narrowed version of the ban was more subdued last week compared to January , when Trump first signed a more expansive version of the order . That sparked protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world .
Senator tells delegates at Australian Christian Lobby conference that campaign was an ‘ extraordinary success ' despite 61.6 % voting in favour of marriage equality
The campaign against same-sex marriage in Australia was an “ extraordinary success ” despite losing the national postal survey , the crossbench senator Cory Bernardi has said .
The leader of the Australian Conservatives said the campaign convinced about 40 % of participants to vote no despite competing with a “ ten-year campaign ” by marriage equality supporters who enjoyed “ tens of millions of dollars ” in funding .
“ That is a fantastic start , ” Bernardi told about 700 delegates at the Australian Christian Lobby 's national conference in Sydney on Saturday .
Australia says yes to same-sex marriage in historic postal survey Read more
“ You have established an amazing base , you have some wonderful leaders , you have some extraordinary technology and you have it all in the palm of your hands . ”
Bernardi attempted to further rally the attendees , saying if only half the no voters elected “ decent Senate candidates ” at the next election there would be up to a dozen politicians in the upper house to drive change .
“ We can no longer be silent , we can no longer sit back and rely on prayer to change the course of earthly events , ” he said .
“ Prayer is important – never underestimate that . If you want to pray for things , pray for strength for those who are leading in this battle . ”
Bernardi said he went into the process of changing the Marriage Act with “ a degree of optimism ” .
But he also warned parliament was “ tortured ” – as illustrated this week when he moved a series of provocative motions including a failed attempt to oppose Medicare funding for gender-selective abortions .
That motion , Bernardi said , caused confusion as some senators left the room and others merely sat on the observers benches .
“ You 've got a party of government effectively not knowing whether they 're Arthur or Martha on gender-selective abortions , ” he said , drawing laughter and applause .
“ We need people in parliament who know whether they 're Arthur or Martha . ”
As Winston Churchill once said , “ to improve is to change ; to be perfect is to change often . '' It 's a maxim Facebook seems to have adopted wholeheartedly when it comes to the News Feed .
Posts appearing in your news feed today likely look different from the posts you saw six months ago , both in appearance and content . The simple reason for this is Facebook is learning more about you , and that means the company 's news feed algorithm is better at determining what you like and what you dislike .
See also : How to Curate Your Facebook News Feed
The average Facebook user has roughly 1,500 stories per day that could appear in their news feed . Facebook surfaces about 20 % of those stories . That 's where the algorithm comes in , and that 's why Facebook is constantly tweaking it .
The social network has been particularly busy with the News Feed the past six months , releasing a number of algorithm updates and a significant redesign . It 's all part of CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's ultimate goal for the product : to provide every user with a perfectly personalized digital newspaper .
What exactly has changed in the News Feed algorithm in recent months , and why ? Here 's everything you need to know .
What You 're Seeing More Of :
Auto-play Videos ( Including Ads )
Facebook first tested auto-play videos in the mobile News Feed in September . Facebook 's web version got auto-play videos in December . The company began testing auto-play video ads a week later , but postponed full implementation . In March , Facebook announced auto-play video ads would begin to roll out to all users over the `` next few months . '' That means some of you know the ads all too well . But if you 're thinking `` auto-play ads ? Never seen one '' , then rest assured , you will . These videos play automatically as you scroll through your News Feed . They wo n't have any sound unless a user clicks on them . This does not include shared videos from third party sites , like YouTube , but only videos uploaded directly to Facebook . What do you think of auto-play video ads in your Facebook News Feed ?
Larger Photos
Facebook began to include larger images in the News Feed as part of the platform 's redesign announced in March . Photos now span the entire width of the News Feed . This larger photo feature was about the only one of a set of News Feed changes promised back in March 2013 that actually arrived . We were promised tabs and multiple feeds that users could subscribe to ; none have surfaced so far . The only other change from this round worth noting : the default font changed slightly . Facebook rolled out news feed redesign last month that means pictures appear bigger in news feed . The bottom image is from the old design . Image : Facebook
High Quality News Stories
Facebook altered its news feed algorithm in December in order to surface more `` high quality content '' on the platform . That means more news and current events , according to the company 's blog . This change affected the News Feed in both its desktop and mobile versions , although Facebook says mobile users should notice the greater difference . The company hopes to be a competitor to Twitter when it comes to breaking news and the social conversations that result from it . This is also the reason you may notice more ...
Resurfaced Content
As part of the algorithm change that surfaces more `` high quality '' content , Facebook really wants to make sure you saw those stories — to the point where they will pop up even if you 've read them . That may be annoying for some users , but the social network really wants to make sure you 're not missing a conversation your friends might be having around those hot-button articles . Here 's Facebook 's explanation for the change , courtesy of the company blog : `` After people read a story , they are unlikely to go back and find that story again to see what their friends were saying about it , and it would n't bump up in News Feed . With this update , stories will occasionally resurface that have new comments from friends . '' Still , users complain about seeing the same content over and over . Our recommendation : Like the stuff you want to see more of , and either do n't engage with or hide the posts you do n't enjoy ( via a drop-down menu next to the name of whomever posted it ) . Be aware that if you hide a post , you 're less likely to see any posts from that person .
More Content from Brands
Facebook made another small algorithm tweak in February to help brands expand their audience : if a brand tags another brand in a post , their content can now reach fans of both brand pages . For example , if McDonald 's mentions its partnership with NBA star LeBron James , and tags him in the post ( as they did below ) , that post may now appear in news feed for fans of either McDonald 's or LeBron . It 's a simple way for brands to expand reach , and may mean more brand content in your feed . McDonald 's tagged LeBron in this post , meaning it could appear in the news feed of fans of either McDonald 's or LeBron . Image : Facebook
What You 're Seeing Less Of :
'Meme photos '
When Facebook decided to highlight more `` high quality '' content within news feed , there was a necessary corollary : less low quality stuff . What counts as low quality ? Facebook has been frustratingly imprecise in its definition , except to say that it 's not singling out any particular website for demotion . One example of demoted content the social network gave in this AllThingsD interview late last year : `` meme photos . '' `` it 's not like you 're never going to see a funny cat photo from Imgur , '' said News Feed manager Lars Backstrom . `` It 's that maybe you 'll see 10 percent less of that , and 10 percent more articles . ''
'Spammy ' Links
Have you ever clicked on a link that takes you to a page full of ads ? There are a lot of four-letter words you may use to refer to these links , especially if you get duped into clicking on one , but Facebook is choosing to call them `` spammy '' — and wants to eliminate them from news feed . The company announced an algorithm tweak last week that will identify posts with `` spammy links '' and keep them from surfacing to other users . Facebook says that when users visit a link and fail to Like or share the original post , it tends to be spammy . Its not a perfect system , of course , but we appreciate the attempt .
Like-baiting
If a post asks you to Like , share or comment , it 's gaming the Facebook system . That type of engagement is what helps identify the good posts from the bad posts . The company is trying to put a stop to the posts that actively asks users to Like it . An example of Like-baiting . Image : Facebook This was part of the algorithm change announced last week , so you may not notice much of a difference yet . You can also do your part to keep Like-baiting stories away from your friends : hide them .
Ultimately , you have more control over what you see in the News Feed than you may think . The best way to ensure you see what you care about is to engage with the posts you like best ( Like , comment , or share them ) and hide the ones you do n't .
The foggy picture of who will start at quarterback on Saturday for the University of Miami against Virginia is gaining clarity but is far from certain .
The bad news is sophomore starter Brad Kaaya 's status remains in question as he practiced for a second consecutive day Wednesday and continues go through concussion protocol after staying home for the Hurricanes ' thrilling 30-27 win at Duke last Saturday .
The good news : UM probably wo n't have to look beyond backup Malik Rosier for a starter , which could have become a stark reality with both listed as questionable .
Rosier filled in admirably for Kaaya in Durham but was held back one day for a return flight to Miami while recovering from an undisclosed injury .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Hurricanes coaches are more confident about his chances of playing in the homecoming meeting with the Cavaliers than they are with Kaaya .
“ With Malik , we 're more confident that he 'll be ready to go , ” said interim coach Larry Scott , who in his coaching debut Saturday did something Al Golden was never able to do with Miami — beat a ranked team on the road .
Said offensive coordinator James Coley : “ Malik 's fine . Brad , we have to see how [ Wednesday 's ] practice went . ”
With the team 's strict concussion protocol , Kaaya will continue to be monitored by doctors , who met with him after Wednesday 's practice , before he can be cleared to play .
UM releases a weekly pregame injury report on Thursday .
“ He got a good bit done [ Wednesday ] . He did a little bit more than he did [ Tuesday ] , ” Scott said . “ It 's just a continued evaluation of where he is . We 're going to err on the side of caution when it comes to that . ”
Rosier impressed in his first start against Duke , completing 20 of 29 passes for 272 yards and two touchdowns with one interception .
He left the game for one play after taking a shot in the first quarter , but Coley said that Rosier took plenty of punishment throughout .
“ He got knocked out for a play , but he got hit several times in the game , ” Coley said . “ That 's part of football . You 're back there with the football and you 're ‘ it ' — like playing tag . ”
After staying behind another day with team doctor Lee Kaplan and head athletic trainer Vinny Scavo , Rosier has made great strides in preparing for Virginia .
“ I feel like I 've made a lot [ of progress ] , ” Rosier said . “ I 'm preparing to start . I 've gotten some [ first-team ] reps. We do n't know what 's going on , but I 'm preparing to start this week against Virginia . ”
Rosier says his adrenaline on Saturday allowed him to finish the game , but he started “ feeling bad ” when the team got back to the bus afterward .
Rosier 's adrenaline did n't only save UM 's season for the time being — a loss at Duke would 've surely been the end of any Atlantic Coast Conference Coastal Division hopes with three losses in the conference . It also saved sophomore walk-on quarterback Vincent Testaverde 's redshirt . On Tuesday , Scott said Testaverde , the Texas Tech transfer and son of the former Heisman Trophy winner at UM , is the Canes ' third-string quarterback .
Because Rosier was only unavailable for one play against Duke , the coaches opted to run a Wildcat play with running back Joseph Yearby as quarterback .
“ Did n't want to burn his redshirt if we did n't have to , ” Coley said . “ I thought the smartest thing to do for Vincent 's future was , if he did n't have to come in and play the game , do n't burn it on one play . ”
Testaverde won the battle last week with freshman Evan Shirreffs for No . 2 duties behind Rosier , but Coley was confident in how both threw the ball in the week of practice had they needed to enter the game .
Coley 's game plan of settling Rosier into the Duke matchup with short , quick routes early before stretching the field later proved effective as he improved immensely from the 7-of-22 outing for 42 yards and two interceptions in his emergency backup role against Clemson .
“ When I came into Clemson , it was kind of a shock for everybody — not just for me , but for everybody , ” Rosier said . “ Having a week together with the team to get chemistry together , it helped us out that week . ”
A family in Ohio is demanding justice after a neighbor shot their 8-month-old puppy to death in front of two children .
Martin Smith told WTOL that the Labrador/border collie mix named “ Puppy ” was running to greet the two boys as they got home from Sunday school on Sunday . That 's when 64-year-old Vietnam veteran Christopher Zimmerman pulled out a gun and shot the animal with the children looking on .
Smith said that his son “ ca n't get it out of his mind . ”
“ Noah was right there , ” the father recalled . “ It was really close . He thought he was gon na get shot . He did n't know what to do , he just ran for his life . ”
Although a complaint was filed last month about the puppy being off its leash , neighbors insisted to WTOL that Zimmerman had used excessive force .
“ An 8-year-old boy should never have to witness anything like that , ” neighbor Jan Blausey remarked . “ Sunday , he could n't even come from upstairs . ”
And now the family wants to know why Zimmerman was only charged with inducing panic and injuring an animal .
On her blog , mother Misty Smith said she could n't understand why “ the same man who would coax Puppy into his driveway would suddenly turn on him and hate him so . ”
“ He will appear in court [ on Wednesday ] at 10 AM but the only charges are inducing panic and injuring an animal . That does n't get him help that gets him nothing and we are left with the mess , ” she added . “ What I need is someone who can help us make him get help someplace away from a school and a family with 7 children . I can not get them another puppy as long as that man is there . ”
“ He is a veteran whose wife has to tell him over and over , ‘ the war is over ' . He needs help before someone is hurt worse . There has to be something that can be done . ”
Watch this video from WTOL , broadcast Sept. 10 , 2013 .
MSNewsNow.com – Jackson , MS
( h/t : Daily Mail )
Requiring YouTubers To Give Positive Reviews For Access To Game Ca n't Work As A Long Term Strategy
from the outta-the-bag dept
We 've written before about the recent trend among video game publishers in trading access for YouTube personalities to their games and positive coverage . Nintendo had been the most notable example of this to date , but they certainly are n't alone . This most recent example concerns Warner Bros. ' Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor and the deals the publisher struck with YouTubers , which are far more restrictive than those we 've seen previously .
`` Videos will promote positive sentiment about the game . Videos must not show bugs or glitches that may exist . Maximize awareness for the Shadow of Mordor video game during the 'Week of Vengeance ' through gameplay content , key brand messaging , and information and talent usage on Twitch channels . Persuade viewers to purchase game , catch the attention of casual and core gamers who already know and love Middle-earth . Requirements involve one livestream , one YouTube video , and one Facebook post/tweet in support of the videos . Videos will have a strong verbal call to action , a clickable link in the description box for the viewer to go to the game 's website to learn more about the game [ and ] to learn how to register and play the game . Twitch stream videos will have five calls to action . Videos will be of sufficient length to feature gameplay and build excitement . ''
`` Videos must include discussion of the Nemesis System . This really should take up the bulk of the focus , such as how different the orcs are , how vivid their personality and dialogue are , gathering intel and domination abilities , exploiting their strengths and weaknesses . Videos must include discussion of the action and combat that takes place within the game , such as brutal finishers , execution moves , and wraith powers . The company has final approval on the YouTube video… at least 48 hours before any video goes live . ''
Now , look , there 's been a great deal of discussion as of late about the evils of the current gaming journalism scene , yet here 's the shining example of corruption and nobody 's up in arms . I ca n't quite figure that out . What these publishers are doing is creating a sub-section of the YouTuber ecosystem that will be first to market with reviews of gaming products but also in chorus with one another in heaping praise as a contractual obligation . Delightful . The Kotaku article says that this is an uncomfortable , systemic , and long-term problem . It is n't , and here 's why : it can only work for a tiny period of time.And that period of time is coming to an end . Now that these deals are coming into the light with more regular frequency , they are only serving to condition the public to one thing : . It 's the inevitable result of this sort of thing . If the gaming public knows that you have these deals , they 'll almost certainly decideto trust positive YouTuber reviews of games . The negative reviews , on the other hand , certainlybe trustworthy . So , in the end , gamers will only have negative reviews to base decisions on when it comes to the games they buy . That ai n't no way to run an industry.It 's time the major publishers wised up to this sort of thing . Any short-term benefit is going to be far outweighed by the long-term distrust they 're sowing .
Filed Under : only positive reviews , positive sentiment , reviews , shadow of mordor , video game reviews , video games
It 's an unthinkable proposition , but one that was very real : The role of Schmidt on “ New Girl ” could have been played by someone other than Max Greenfield .
Greenfield , now 33 , seemingly became an overnight sensation when he debuted on the Fox sitcom in 2011 as the goofball-bro-OCD hybrid with a heart . But the truth is that he had been working his way up through the industry for 12 years before that big break — starting with an episode of MTV 's “ Undressed. ” And as he told TheWrap this past weekend at Tribeca in New York , he almost called it quits before his career really began rolling .
Also read : Max Greenfield to Star in Michael Showalter 's Dramedy ‘ Hello My Name Is Doris ' ( Exclusive )
“ Right before ‘ New Girl ' happened , there were definitely moments of , I probably should n't do this anymore , ” Greenfield admitted . “ I just had a kid and at one point was like , At what point does this become selfish ? You do n't want to become a dad who is running around and saying , ‘ I just got a callback on a guest star on ‘ The Middle. ” I just did n't want to be that guy . ”
Everyone has self-doubts , especially when chasing the dream in Hollywood , but Greenfield went so far as to actively pursue a career change . He had featured on shows like “ Veronica Mars , ” “ Greek ” and “ Ugly Betty , ” but the future did n't seem bright when it came to being in front of the camera .
Also read : Tribeca : How a Washington , DC Journalist Jumped to Directing a Star-Studded Film
“ Just before ‘ New Girl , ' I called a buddy of mine and asked for a job as a writing assistant , ” Greenfield said . “ Unfortunately I did n't go to college so I was n't qualified for anything else . But [ his friend ] ran that show and I thought , maybe I 'll start at the very lowest point for a writer and see what happens with that , because this does n't seem to be happening as an actor . ”
He went on to say that “ there were huge moments of doubt , and then it all turned around within a month after that . And you go , ‘ How the hell did this happen ? ”
The actor was in New York to discuss the film “ About Alex , ” a sort of darker “ Big Chill ” for a more fractured generation , which features Greenfield opposite co-stars Aubrey Plaza and Jason Ritter . It is one of several upcoming movies prominently featuring the sitcom star , including “ They Came Together , ” the upcoming comedy starring Paul Rudd and Amy Poehler .
Three years and an Emmy nomination later , and Greenfield still is n't much more confident .
See photos : 19 Must-See Movies at the Tribeca Film Festival This Year
“ I do n't feel any different . It 's so funny where you do interviews , people will go , ‘ You guys are all established actors… ' and I 'm like , ‘ Am I ? Really ? 'And I do n't feel that way and I genuinely do n't know that I will ever feel that way , although I probably at some point should , ” he joked .
“ That 's probably a therapy thing , ” Greenfield continued . “ You still have those feelings of like , so grateful and kind of like , this is all still so new . ”
“ About Alex , ” which premiered at Tribeca to enthusiastic praise , featured Greenfield playing a very blunt , truth-talking jerk — and the actor was “ really excited ” for the change of pace the character afforded .
Hopefully , audiences will get to see Greenfield 's latest role on the big screen soon . As of press time , “ About Alex , ” which just made its world premiere , is in the usual festival process of finding a distributor .
Build your best Bruins team for $ 18 We 're totally borrowing Chicago 's idea .
Our Chicago friends at Second City Hockey had a great post on Thursday : build the best “ dream team ” you can for $ 18 .
( Check out the SCH post here . )
The idea behind the post is to take a group of 30 all-time franchise greats , assign a dollar value of $ 1 to $ 5 for each , and then build the best team you can for a total of $ 18 or less .
The guys at SCH are going to run their teams in a simulation against this year 's Pittsburgh Penguins in a WhatIf Sports simulation ; if we get enough interest , we can run some combos against the 2011 Bruins Stanley Cup team or even against whichever teams SCH chooses as their best .
For fun , we kept current Bruins ( i.e . Zdeno Chara and Patrice Bergeron ) out of this .
So take the players from the list below , build your all-time Bruins team in the comments section , and give us an explanation as to why you made your choices .
Hey , it 's the offseason . We have to fill the time somehow , right ?
Choose a goalie
Player Cost Gerry Cheevers $ 5 Tim Thomas $ 4 Frank Brimsek $ 3 Tiny Thompson $ 2 Eddie Johnston $ 1
Choose two defensemen
Player Cost Bobby Orr $ 5 Eddie Shore $ 4 Ray Bourque $ 3 Brad Park $ 2 Gord Kluzak $ 1
Choose a left wing
Player Cost John Bucyk $ 5 Wayne Cashman $ 4 Woody Dumart $ 3 Stan Jonathan $ 2 Sergei Samsonov $ 1
Choose a center
Player Cost Phil Esposito $ 5 Barry Pederson $ 4 Adam Oates $ 3 Peter McNab $ 2 Joe Thornton $ 1
Choose a right wing
Player Cost Rick Middleton $ 5 Cam Neely $ 4 Ken Hodge $ 3 Terry O'Reilly $ 2 Glen Murray $ 1
10 Big Truths about Multi-Level Marketing
Hidden , Obscured and Denied…
Author Robert L. FitzPatrick , Pres . of Pyramid Scheme Alert has published an eye-opening , succinct exposition of the realities of “ multi-level marketing. ” The newly published booklet is a distillation of years of research , expert-witness court testimony and consumer activism by the author and other experts in law , marketing , cultism and financial fraud , as well as the experiences of many courageous whistle-blowers .
Entitled “ 10 Big Truths about Multi-Level Marketing , Hidden , Obscured and Denied , ” the booklet moves beyond conventional analyses of “ MLM ” to a deeper understanding of the “ MLM ” phenomenon sweeping the country and the world . “ 10 Big Truths ” pierces the facade of “ direct selling. ” It reveals how money is actually gained in MLM and transferred to top recruiters and company owners ; why people “ buy ” MLM products and then soon stop buying them ; what percentage of people are ever “ profitable ” and how long people remain in MLM after being recruited . It explains the full costs of involvement in MLM , the role of government regulation and law enforcement , and how MLM affects family and social relationships and the goals and dreams of individuals . For those confronted by MLM 's extraordinary promises about income and freedom and the competing claims of hundreds of MLMs to be a pathway to success and happiness , this booklet offers clarity , fact , and reality .
“ 10 Big Truths about Multi-Level Marketing ” is now directly as a PDF on this site . All proceeds are used to support the Pyramid Scheme Alert website . Just make a $ 10 donation and the report will be emailed directly to you . Click the link below . Thanks .
It is also available on Amazon.com as an e-book for reading on Kindle or other e-reading devices .
Religious belief may seem to be a unique psychological experience , but a growing body of research shows that thinking about religion is no different from thinking about secular things­—at least from the standpoint of the brain . In the first imaging study to compare religious and nonreligious thoughts , evaluating the truth of either type of statement was found to involve the same regions of the brain .
Researchers at the University of California , Los Angeles , used functional MRI to evaluate brain activity in 15 devout Christians and 15 nonbelievers as the volunteers assessed the truth or falsity of a series of statements , some of which were religious ( “ angels exist ” ) and others nonreligious ( “ Alexander the Great was a very famous military ruler ” ) . They found that when a subject believed a statement—whether it was religious or not—activity appeared in an area called the ventromedial prefrontal cortex , which is an area associated with emotions , rewards and self-representation .
And although the nonbelievers rejected about half of the statements the believers accepted , the brain scans of both groups were indistin­guishable , providing further proof that evaluating truth or falsity is independent of the content of the statement in question . “ The fact that we found the same brain processing between believers and nonbelievers , despite the two groups ' completely different answers to the questions [ about religion ] , is pretty surprising , ” says Jonas Kaplan , a research psy­chologist at U.C.L.A . and co-author of the study . The finding adds to the mounting evidence against the notion , popular in the scientific community as well as among the general public , that religious faith is somehow different from other types of belief , explains co-author Sam Harris , also of U.C.L.A . In contrast to this assumption , he says , “ Believing the sun is a star is rather the same as believing Jesus was born of a virgin. ” [ For more on the neuroscience of religion , see “ Searching for God in the Brain , ” by David Biello ; Scientific American Mind , October/November 2007 . ]
Over the past decade , there 's been an explosion of bug bounty programs that pay hackers big cash rewards for finding vulnerabilities in applications and Web services . On Tuesday , ride-hailing service Uber became the latest company to embrace the trend with the unveiling of its own program .
In most respects , the program is similar to those offered by Google , Facebook , and so many other companies . It pays as much as $ 10,000 for the most critical vulnerabilities and provides a public forum to acknowledge the smarts of researchers who privately report bugs that no one inside the company was able to identify . Still , there are a few features that its designers say make it stand out from what 's been done so far .
For instance , the Uber bounty program comes with a technical treasure map of sorts that 's intended to help researchers find high-severity bugs quickly . The treasure map included with Tuesday 's announcement enumerates some of the company 's most security-sensitive subdomains , along with a brief description of types of assets that are at stake and the types of vulnerabilities that might threaten them . A description of partners.uber.com , for instance , describes it as the place driver partners visit to access private driver documents , payment statements , tax information , and other highly sensitive data .
`` Access control vulnerabilities are a major concern , so if you access a driver partner 's private information , you can expect a large reward , '' the bug hunter 's guide states . `` Any Web vulnerability that could allow the hijacking of a user 's account is also considered high risk . '' The guide provides details about cn.uber.com , the subdomain that iOS and Android apps access . `` Tons of functionality is exposed here—everything from finding nearby drivers to splitting trips with your friends , '' Uber officials wrote . `` This API exposes the largest attack surface of any service here at Uber . ''
The write-up goes on to say : `` The best way to hunt for bugs here is to use your own token via the X-Uber-Token header , use the UUID of another trip/user/resource , and see if the request succeeds ( basically , perform access control testing ) . Keep in mind that you should only ever perform this testing against accounts you own ( failure to do so could result in removal from the program , which nobody wants ! ) . ''
What 's going on ?
Uber Security Engineering Manager Collin Greene said the technical roadmap is designed to address one of the bigger complaints many researchers have with bug bounty programs , including with the one Facebook put in place when he worked there .
`` That was probably the No . 1 most common request , '' he told Ars . `` What 's going on ? What kinds of things are you seeing internally ? When we think of the bug bounty community , they 're doing a lot of the same work we 're doing internally . We want to give them all the same information we have . ''
Uber is also hoping to make its new bounty program stand out in another way—with a loyalty program aimed at bringing in follow-on reports . In much the way a punch card aims to pull in repeat customers with a free cup of coffee for every 10 cups they buy , the loyalty program will give a 10-percent bonus for five or more reports made within a 90-day window .
`` The really good researchers tend to cluster on certain programs , '' Greene said . `` We really want to get people focused on Uber and Sticking with Uber when they look for security vulnerabilities . ''
Although precise numbers are hard to come by , there are at least 400 organizations that are known to sponsor some sort of bug bounty program , according to HackerOne , a company that helps hardware , software developers , manufacturers , and service providers develop and maintain them . The first organization known to have paid cash rewards for private security disclosures was Netscape Communications with its Netscape Bugs Bounty program announced in 1995 . Earlier this month , the US Military joined the fray with a program it calls Hack the Pentagon . The programs have become a key part of many groups ' security regimens by harnessing the expertise and good will of hackers who otherwise might let the flaws go unreported—or worse , sell them to people with nefarious motives .
`` Bug bounties are rooted in the reality that there is no such thing as bulletproof security in 2016 , '' HackerOne CTO and cofounder Alex Rice told Ars . `` When an organization has reached a level of maturity that other forms of security investment begin producing diminishing returns , a bug bounty program provides immense value through collaboration with the security community . In exchange for a bounty , organizations learn about software vulnerabilities that would have otherwise gone undetected . ''
Tuesday 's unveiling by Uber comes about a year after the startup launched the program in private . Over that time , about 200 security engineers have reported about 100 vulnerabilities . The program comes a little more than a year after company officials admitted a database storing tax details and other personal information belonging to 50,000 drivers was illegally accessed by one or more unknown individuals . Court documents later revealed that engineers had stored a security key unlocking the database on a publicly accessible GitHub page in what can only be described as a blunder of epic proportions .
Over the past 18 months , Uber has been assembling top-flight talent to fill out its security team . In April 2015 , Joe Sullivan , Facebook 's chief security officer who is largely credited with helping the social network develop one of the industry 's best-organized security teams , took a job with Uber , where he holds the same title . In July , Uber lured Facebook Information Security Director John `` Four '' Flynn . A month later , the company hired Charlie Miller and Chris Valasek , the research duo who last year demonstrated how to shut down a 2014 Jeep Cherokee as it was being driven on the interstate by Wired reporter Andy Greenberg .
Quincy Acy remembers his friends .
After signing a two-year , partially guaranteed deal with the Brooklyn Nets last week , the 26-year-old journeyman paid his newfound fortune forward to his former D-League teammates , USA Today 's Sam Amick reports .
Acy spent 16 games this season with the Dallas Mavericks ' affiliate , the Texas Legends , before signing his first of two 10-day contracts with the Nets . According to Amick , he gave the team 's players $ 250 gift cards , and its coaching staff pairs of shoes .
Acy 's deal with the Nets guarantees him a prorated share of $ 1.8 million for the remainder this season , and is non-guaranteed next season for the same amount , according to Basketball Insiders .
In 12 games with the Nets this season , Acy is averaging 6.5 points and 2.6 rebounds , while shooting 52.1 percent from the field and 56.5 percent from 3-point range .
Panel Round Two
More questions for the panel : Hookup Holiday ; Armed With Only His Legs ; Hey Boo Boo , Smile ! ; Trick or Trick .
BILL KURTIS , BYLINE : From NPR and WBEZ Chicago , this is WAIT WAIT ... DO N'T TELL ME , the NPR News quiz . I 'm Bill Kurtis . We 're playing this week with Alonzo Bodden , Luke Burbank and Kyrie O'Connor . And here again is your host at the Chase Bank Auditorium in downtown Chicago , Peter Sagal .
PETER SAGAL , HOST :
Thank you Bill .
( APPLAUSE )
SAGAL : Thank you so much . In just a minute , Bill seduces you with his poetry . It 's our Listener Limerick Challenge . If you 'd like to play , give us a call at 1-888-WAIT-WAIT , that 's 1-888-924-8924 . Right now , panel , some more questions for you from the week 's news . Kyrie , forget Valentine 's Day ...
O'CONNOR : OK .
SAGAL : ... According to experts , social scientists , the people who figure this stuff out , the best holiday for finding love - or at least a one-night stand - is what ?
O'CONNOR : Probably not President 's Day .
LUKE BURBANK : Well , during the Clinton administration you had a shot .
( LAUGHTER )
O'CONNOR : Well , then every day was President 's Day .
SAGAL : Well , as of this weekend you 'll only have to wait about 363 days .
O'CONNOR : Well then it 's got to be Halloween .
SAGAL : It is in fact Halloween .
( SOUNDBITE OF BELL )
SAGAL : Maybe it 's the rush from all that sugar or the way you look in that sexy Ebola nurse costume , but according to psychologists at the Universe of Westminster in England , Halloween is our sexiest holiday . It 's apparently because our attraction to each other is heightened by fear . You know how you clutch each other in moments of fear ? And Halloween is the season of haunted houses , scary movies , etc .
O'CONNOR : Well , I think everybody just goes for the guy with all the Snickers .
( LAUGHTER )
ALONZO BODDEN : Is that what the kids are calling it these days ?
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Luke , a member of the British Secret Service - their protective detail around the Prime Minister - is in a bit of hot water after letting what run into British Prime Minister David Cameron ?
BURBANK : Was it like an animal of some kind ?
SAGAL : An animal ? No .
BURBANK : Was it a car ? Was it a vehicle ?
SAGAL : No .
BURBANK : OK , so is it a mineral ?
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : No .
BURBANK : All right . Can I have a hint ?
SAGAL : Yeah . Thankfully the agents subdued him before he could start telling the Prime Minister about his half marathon ?
BURBANK : A jogger .
SAGAL : Yes .
( SOUNDBITE OF BELL )
SAGAL : So the scene was captured by a bystander 's video .
( APPLAUSE )
SAGAL : The security guards were escorting the Prime Minister across the sidewalk to his car . But they 're all standing around and they did not see this guy running down the sidewalk until he ran straight into the most powerful man in Britain . And then , of course , the guards sprang into action shouting , shorts fired , shorts fired .
BODDEN : That 's amazing on both ends that they would n't see him and that he would see like five burly guys surrounding a guy and say I 'm going to run right through the middle of that .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Kyrie , after a number of incidents , the U.S. Forest Service has had to issue an official warning to hikers on our public lands not to do what with the Bears ?
O'CONNOR : I actually know the answer to this . Take selfies with them .
SAGAL : That 's right .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Bear selfies are becoming more and more popular among visitors to our national parks . The U.S. Forest Service realized they had a problem when park rangers kept finding these detached arms holding iPhones .
( LAUGHTER )
BODDEN : Do they really have to protect people from themselves ? I mean , is n't that a Darwin thing that we - if you want to take a selfie with a bear , I think we should allow it .
( APPLAUSE )
SAGAL : Alonzo , just in time for Halloween , the Wall Street Journal printed a suggestion to help many parents improve the eating habits of their kids during that holiday . What ?
BODDEN : Can I get a hint on this ?
SAGAL : Well , it 's as easy as taking - oh , you know , how would you put it ?
BODDEN : Candy from a baby . So they 're suggesting you take it away ?
SAGAL : Yes . They 're basically suggesting you steal their candy .
( SOUNDBITE OF BELL )
SAGAL : Now what makes this interesting ...
BODDEN : Can I stop you right there and say there 's nothing better than Wall Street bankers telling you to steal candy from kids .
( APPLAUSE )
SAGAL : But it 's not - they 're not suggesting doing it like a banker would , just by walking up and going , it 's mine . Give it back . They 're saying you have to be devious . What they suggest - the Wall Street Journal - is that you tell your kids there 's something called the switch witch .
O'CONNOR : Oh God .
SAGAL : This works with younger , impressionable children , or stupid ones if they 're older . It 's like the tooth fairy . There 's the Easter bunny , there 's the tooth fairy , there 's the switch which . And the switch which comes at night and takes all the candy kids got trick-or-treating and replaces it with something else like apples or vegetables or school supplies or a lifetime of resentment .
( LAUGHTER )
BODDEN : I ca n't help but think this literally sounds like the test they would give to a new higher on Wall Street . Can you lie to a child and steal his candy ? We 'd love to have you work here .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : If you can do this - it 's like the new gangs . You have to go out and kill somebody - here . So the only problem with this is the kids are going to figure it out . They 're going to try to defeat the switch witch by just eating all the candy the first night , or worse , they 'll start adopting the tricks of drug mules to smuggle their candy .
BURBANK : I think that 's a Hershey Kiss - could be a butterscotch .
( LAUGHTER )
BURBANK : If any kid goes for that switch witching , they are - and I just did a study in my head of this - 90 percent more likely to take a selfie with the bear .
( LAUGHTER )
BURBANK : Is it not the best and brightest ?
Copyright © 2014 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
The hipsters who have taken over Brooklyn have done so largely at the expense of lower-income Hispanics , a new report claims .
The Hispanic population is still increasing citywide — from 2,428,756 in 2013 to 2,489,090 in 2016 , the analysis by the National Institute for Latino Policy notes .
But in Brooklyn , the number of Hispanic residents has halted and even started to decline .
The Hispanic population in Brooklyn has dropped from 513,242 in 2015 to an estimated 505,183 last year — a 1.6 percent reduction , NILP president Angelo Falcón said .
Falcón claims that escalating housing costs — spurred by gentrification — have driven lower-income Hispanics out of once the predominately Latino neighborhoods of Bushwick , Williamsburg and Sunset Park . Puerto Ricans , in particular , had a strong presence in those areas .
An economic report on neighborhoods conducted by city Comptroller Scott Stringer in April backs up Falcón 's claim : The Hispanic population in Williamsburg plummeted 16 percent from 2000 to 2015 .
In Bushwick , the Latino population shrank by 13 percent over the 15-year span while the white population increased 610 percent from 3,207 to 22,776 . Meanwhile , the number of Hispanics fell 13 percent in Sunset Park .
“ This provides a disturbing window into the possible future of the city 's Latino population if the city 's affordable-housing program does not take into account community calls for much deeper affordability than is currently being planned , ” Falcón argues .
The study noted that the percentage of Latinos owning their own homes is 16 percent , half the citywide average of 32 percent . Latinos account for only 12.5 percent of all homeowners in the city .
Falcón said gentrification “ represents an existential threat to the future of the city 's Latino population . ”
So where are Hispanics moving to ? According to the comptroller 's neighborhood report , Latinos are gravitating to working-class neighborhoods , mostly in the outer boroughs .
From 2000 to 2015 , the Hispanic population surged 102 percent on the Rockaway Peninsula , from 17,107 to 34,620 ; doubled from 14,120 to 29,049 in Bensonhurst ; jumped 85 percent in Central Harlem and 78 percent in the Port Richmond section of Staten Island , home to a burgeoning Mexican immigrant population .
The Latino presence also increased nearly 50 percent in the Queens communities of Ridgewood , Glendale , Middle Village and Richmond Hill/Woodhaven and through nearly all sections of the Bronx .
In Long Island City/Astoria in Queens , the Latino population fell 10 percent from 51,963 to 46,899 since 2000 .
Many gaming fans love to play old arcade games through emulators or remakes , but Nintendo is less amused by fan-made recreations . This week the company took down a remake of the 1981 classic Donkey Kong , as it infringes its copyrights . The developer of the remake is disappointed but does n't plan to challenge Nintendo 's request .
When Nintendo 's Shigeru Miyamoto came up with Donkey Kong more than 35 years ago , gaming was still a niche pastime .
How different is that today , where the average household has more than a handful of devices that play computer games .
While the gaming industry has come a long way , plenty of people are still drawn to older arcade games . There 's something nostalgic about their look and feel , and thanks to emulators and remakes , they are still widely available .
Donkey Kong , for example , could be played on Roku thanks to the efforts of Marcelo Lv Cabral , who released an unofficial version of the Nintendo game using the original art and music .
The software developer , who lives in Arizona , started the project as a hobby to improve his programming skills . He previously did the same with other games such as Lode Runner and Prince of Persia .
When he finished the project he released the code on GitHub , incuding a disclaimer stating his intent .
“ This source code was developed as a programming exercise , it is not being used for profit or any kind of financial gain , all assets and images belong to the original copyright owner , ” it read .
Screenshot from the GitHub page
While nostalgic arcade game fans will appreciate the effort , Nintendo was not amused . This week the gaming giant instructed the developer platform GitHub to remove the repository , which it did .
“ The reported repository contains a recreation of Nintendo 's Donkey Kong video game for Roku , which was created and published without Nintendo 's authorization , ” Nintendo writes in its takedown notice . “ Please immediately remove the repository . ”
We reached out to the developer , who is disappointed to see his code taken down . While he realizes that Nintendo owns the rights to Donkey Kong , his code was unique and completely custom .
“ I believe they have the rights related to the name and the assets , but not to my code . That was completely done by myself , no porting of any Nintendo code , but GitHub took down everything , ” Cabral tells TorrentFreak .
“ What I don ` t understand is why only my project was removed , if you search Donkey Kong on the GitHub you ` ll found several other remake projects , ” he adds .
The developer does n't plan to challenge the takedown . In theory , he could re-release the code with unique artwork and a new name , but Cabral prefers to focus on other projects for the time being .
He is currently working on a remake of the game Moon Patrol for example , also for the Roku platform .
While Nintendo has every right to take the infringing Donkey Kong content offline , some might feel that the company should allow fans a little more leeway for their fan-made projects .
However , judging from recent history , this is idle hope . In recent years the company has taken several fan-projects offline , including a popular JavaScript-powered Game Boy Advance emulator
Luckily for Cabral , his Lode Runner and Prince of Persia remakes are still available , for now . These games were originally released by Brøderbund Software , which no longer exists .
THQ and Vigil Games ' Darksiders is being remastered for current-generation consoles and PC , according to a listing on publisher Nordic Games ' website . Titled the Darksiders Warmastered Edition , the re-release of the 2010 action-adventure game promises enhanced visuals and native 1080p resolution on consoles .
According to the game 's website , Darksiders Warmastered Edition will feature double the texture resolution of the original game , better shadows , post-processing effects and 60 frames per second framerate on PS4 , Windows PC and Xbox One . The Wii U version will run at 30 frames per second .
Darksiders Warmastered Edition release date has not been announced .
Nordic Games released an updated version of the game 's sequel , dubbed the Darksiders 2 Deathinitive Edition , on PS4 , Windows PC and Xbox One in 2015 .
The original Darksiders tells the story of War , one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse , and his battle against the forces of Heaven and Hell across a ravaged Earth . Nordic Games acquired publishing rights to the Darksiders franchise in 2013 .
The 'Zlatoust library ' is a series of graded readers by popular Russian authors which have been adapted and illustrated by the St. Petersburg publisher , Zlatoust .
Many of the lower level texts have been simplified to make them accessible to language students and each title aims to improve student 's vocabulary , sentence structure and reading skills . The texts have been provided with stress marks and are accompanied by exercises and vocabulary lists .
The series makes reading and learning a pleasurable experience - and that is the key to success .
Each level corresponds to the lexical minimum appropriate to various levels of the TORFL ( Tests of Russian as a Foreign Language ) .
Level 1 - 650-760 words ( Elementary Level or A1 according to Common European Framework for Languages CEFR )
Level 2 - 1300 words ( Basic Level or A2 according to CEFR )
Level 3 - 1500 words ( Basic Level or A2 according to CEFR )
Level 4 - 2300 words ( Level 1 - Intermediate or B1 )
Level 5 - 3000 words ( Advanced - B2 )
There is also a Zlatoust Library series called 'Reading without any problems ' . This series consists of books for students with a vocabulary of 760 words and can be found here : http : //www.russianbookshop.co.uk/russianbooks/series/m2/c33/6/RWAP
At the end of the game between the USC Trojans and the Utah Utes , Utah was lining up for a game-tying 41-yard field goal for kicker Coleman Petersen , but starting left tackle Matt Kalil ( who apparently has been brainwashed by special teams coach John Baxter to try and play all parts of the field ) registered his first blocked kick , and allowed Torin Harris to scoop it up and return it for what appeared to be a touchdown .
However , USC players rushed the field from the sideline before the play was over , and the Pac-12 officials mysteriously called the Trojans for an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty -- even though those celebration penalties are only supposed to be assessed to the person who scored the touchdown . The Pac-12 office and USC both worked together to overrule the decision , and give Harris a touchdown he richly deserved .
And yes , if you 're in Vegas , it means good things for you too .
For more on USC football , head to Conquest Chronicles . For more on Utah football , head to Block U .
March 3 , 2014
SFUO Condemns and Takes Action Against Rape Culture at the University of Ottawa
Monday , March 3rd , 2014
As many students may be aware a Facebook conversation in which five men discuss the SFUO President , Anne-Marie Roy in violently sexual terms was published . It is unfortunate that we must note that all five men were past or present executives of Federated Bodies of the SFUO and that one of these men served as the VP Social of the SFUO this year .
This weekend we have accepted the resignation of Pat Marquis , the SFUO VP Social in relation to this situation and have been informed that the following Federated Body executives who participated in this conversation have also tendered their resignations : Michel Fournier-Simard ( VP Social , PIDSSA ) , Alexandre Giroux ( SFUO Board of Administration and VP Social , Science Student Association ) and Alex Larochelle ( VP Social , Criminology Student Association ) .
It is first important to note that the SFUO fully and unconditionally condemns the actions of these men and the effect it has had on Anne-Marie and other students on this campus . This conversation among student leaders is another reminder of the pervasiveness of rape culture on campus . These attitudes contribute to the very real sexism faced by women everyday . While this particular incident has gained a lot of media attention , it is by no means an isolated case . These types of conversation , which place women at the butt of disgusting comments in the name of humour , trivialize , normalize and even celebrate sexual violence . This is not just “ locker room talk ” . It is everyday proof of the work that we , as a student community , still have before us .
University campuses are meant to be spaces for growth , learning and community . Sadly , they are also spaces where many students feel unsafe . One of three women is sexually assaulted in her lifetime . The vast majority of victims experience this during their time on campus . Rape culture not only normalizes these experiences , but silences women trying to come forward . These attitudes create vicious cycles where gendered and sexual violence are minimized , accepted and even glorified .
As stated in our Statement of Principles , the SFUO “ recognizes our role as agents of social progress , assisting students in understanding and taking action against oppression and injustice ” and will continue working to educate and to take action on the issue of rape culture . It is the responsibility of the student union , and our membership , to actively challenge these norms and to stand in solidarity with one another .
The SFUO has long engaged in work against rape culture , sexism and violence on our campus through campaigns such as the “ No Means No ” campaign , the “ Consent is Sexy ” campaign and various other Violence Against Women initiatives . All 5 participants in the Facebook conversation had attended mandatory trainings that the SFUO requires of all 101 Week Guides , which specifically address issues such as sexual assault and consent . This is a clear indication that our work is far from over .
In moving forward , the SFUO is also announcing the creation of a Taskforce Against Rape Culture on campus that will be launched in the upcoming days , in collaboration with the Graduate Students ' Association of the University of Ottawa ( GSAÉD ) and other campus groups . The SFUO will be taking measures to address the ways in which rape culture can become a part of our activities . We will be reviewing our currently available resources , implementing structures to address these issues as they arise and we will be meeting with the University of Ottawa to discuss the different strategies we can take to engage the university community as whole in ending rape culture on our campus .
The resignations of the five men involved in the sexually violent conversation about our President should not be the end of this conversation . The actions of these individuals point to a larger , systemic issue , and it is clear that the SFUO Federated Bodies ( faculty associations ) are included in this issue . The SFUO will continue to work with student leaders on our campus to address the serious concerns that have arisen from this incident , which involves elected representatives of Federated Bodies .
We are strong when we are united and the SFUO is thankful for the overwhelming amount of support from students and university community members alike . We invite anyone needing support around these issues to stop by the SFUO Women 's Resource Centre or to contact any of the support resources listed below .
In Solidarity ,
The Student Federation of the University of Ottawa​
Support Resources :
SASC- Sexual Assault Support Centre of Ottawa
24hr crisis line – ( 613 ) -234-2266 TTY : 613-725-1657
Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre , 24hr Crisis Line- 613-562-2333
CALACS Francophone d'Ottawa , 24hr support line- 613-789-9117
Ottawa Distress Centre , 24hr Support Line 613-238-3311
The Men 's Project : http : //www.themensproject.ca , ( 613 ) 230-6179
Minwasshin Lodge , Crisis line : 613-789-1141
The SFUO Women 's Resource Centre , Monday to Friday 10am-4pm UCU215
The SFUO Peer Help Centre , Peer Support Phone Line : ( 613 ) 562-5604
The SFUO Pride Centre , Monday to Friday 9am-4pm UCU215C
University of Ottawa Counselling Services
http : //www.sass.uottawa.ca/personal/
613-562-5200
Recently Rahul Gandhi accused the Narendra Modi led Government of interfering with the autonomy of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) . This added chorus to the various statements made by the opposition parties on similar lines . The allegations range from pressure by the Government on RBI to accept “ demonetisation advice ” to “ non-independent decision making ” of the Board of Directors of the RBI .
Going further , Rahul Gandhi even went on to claim that it was the Congress which “ strengthened ” RBI as an institution and it was PM Modi who “ murdered ” the “ soul ” of the RBI .
However , facts are just the opposite .
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
In 2011 , the then UPA government had appointed the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission ( FSLRC ) , which submitted its report ( pdf link ) in March 2013 . The Commission recommended trimming the powers of the RBI . Instead of “ regulatory autonomy ” , recommendations included vesting the government with more powers over the financial sector .
On the issue of autonomy and independence of the RBI , two important suggestions of the Commission need to be analysed .
Firstly , FSLRC recommended that the public debt management should be handled by an independent body and it should be taken out of the purview of the RBI . It is important to remind Rahul Gandhi and the former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that it was the Congress party that led the bank nationalisation ; it was their socialistic policies that caused massive fiscal deficits . These policies , which continued for decades , gave us massive public debt . All the banks were forced to take these as a part of their liquidity ratios . The UPA era further saw jobless growth and high public debt . Meddling with RBI 's powers to manage this debt in such a scenario was a direct attack on the independence of the RBI .
Secondly , FSLRC recommended appointment of a Committee to dictate the monetary policy . The Constitution of the Committee would have made the RBI governor one among several others . Majority of the members in the committee were proposed to be appointed by the Government of the day . This recommendation disregarded a clear conflict of interest , as the government is the biggest borrower in the market . The Committee would be driven by short term political gains than short/long term economic interests of the nation .
Do these recommendations not “ murder ” the “ soul ” of the RBI ? It should be noted that the UPA led government did not reject any of the recommendations by the commission .
Not just that , forming FSLRC itself was seen as an act of trimming RBI 's powers because the UPA government and the central bank were often at loggerheads over interest rates during 2008-2013 . This is documented in detail in the book ‘ Who Moved My Interest Rates ' authored by the former RBI governor D Subbarao , where he says in no unclear terms that the UPA government had overstepped into the RBI 's turf .
And now Congress party leaders are going on claiming as if the RBI was a free bird and a respected autonomous institution before the Modi government took over .
Let me make it clear that the hypocrisy of the Congress party and the doublespeak by its leaders does n't absolve the current Modi government of its responsibilities . After May 2014 , the new government should have setup a fresh committee to advise on the role of RBI and other financial system regulators .
However , they continued to work on the 2013 recommendations . Going a step further , the Finance Ministry released the Indian Financial Code ( IFC ) in 2015 for public comments . It proposed the formation of a Monetary Policy Committee ( MPC ) with four out of seven members being appointed from the government 's side with no veto power to the RBI governor on any decision taken by the MPC . It attracted negative comments . What the current government needs to do is to come up with reforms in this sector too , as they had done by bringing changes to the SARFEASI Act , etc .
To conclude , with a little politics , this is another Jallikattu type controversy . The mess was created during the UPA regime with active involvement of Congress party leaders , but the BJP has to carry the burden and blame , for they neither communicated successfully nor acted quickly enough .
Articles on Corporate Laws , Policy , Economics and Politics .
Maverick .
Lover of Ideas . Slayer of Hoaxes .
Share This Post and Support :
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The celebration Champagne did n't have time to go flat before the builders and contractors moved in at the Riverside in the aftermath of Boro 's promotion-clinching draw with Brighton .
After seven years in the Championship , the requirements to host Premier League football have changed enormously .
On the behalf of the national and global broadcasters , the Premier League have a list of facility requirements that must be fulfilled by all top flight clubs .
A rough estimate of the cost is £5m but , as The Gazette 's Boro editor Philip Tallentire reports , the improvements mean Boro will get the all-clear to host Premier League football at the Riverside next season .
ORDER OF PRIORITY FOR RIVERSIDE RE-FIT
1 . Safety and security
All stadiums require an annual safety certificate .
Every summer Boro must ensure the Riverside complies with the relevant rules and regulations .
To that end , the most pressing priority is to make sure any repairs/improvements are made so that the stadium can be signed off by the inspectors .
2 . Maintenance
A stadium is like any other building . Without regular maintenance it soon becomes both unfit for purpose and unsafe .
This is n't to do with the cosmetic appearance of the paint work etcetera , it 's the condition of the steelwork , cladding and general fabric of the stadium .
This enhanced maintenance must be completed and signed off .
3 . Premier League compliance
Promotion to the Premier League comes with certain obligations attached .
On behalf of the national and international broadcasters as well as other members of the media industry , the Premier League have a set of minimum requirements for top flight stadiums in terms of bespoke facilities .
Failure to comply results in the withholding of the first tranche of Premier League cash .
4 . Stadium enhancement
Once the three above boxes have been ticked , the club can begin any cosmetic enhancements to the stadium and the possible improvement , if required , of spectator facilities .
Recent examples would include the Twe12th Man Bar and the Generation Red Family Zone .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
IMPLICATIONS
Tight time frame
Boro won promotion on May 7 . The new Premier League season is scheduled to start on August 13 and the club traditionally complete their pre-season campaign with a home friendly a week before the season starts .
Therefore , Boro 's window of opportunity for completing all required improvements and alterations to the Riverside is just 90 days – or 13 working weeks .
Investment
The typical bill for the kind of work Boro have to complete this summer amounts to just shy of £5m .
Steve Gibson is determined , where possible , to use local firms and workers to carry out the work so a great deal of the money spent will be pumped back into the Teesside economy .
Fail to prepare – prepare to fail
Boro were wary of counting their chickens as far as promotion was concerned but they did make enquiries about what alterations to the Riverside would be required if they did escape the Championship and spoke to clubs who had been in a similar position .
That research enabled chief operating officer Mark Ellis and his team to hit the ground running on May 8 .
Planning for the future
Boro are n't just thinking about next season , they are also endeavouring to make sure any alterations/improvements are future proofed .
The most immediate changes will happen before the season starts but the club are planning further improvements over the next two-to-three years .
Chairman Steve Gibson is determined to involve the supporters in as many decisions as possible , like he did when the away supporters ' section was moved to the South-East Corner , opening up the South Stand to home fans .
THE MAIN SUMMER STADIUM CHANGES
Media
From the start of next season , Boro must provide in the region of 150 spaces for the media at various locations in the stadium to cover each home match .
Away from the live action , the old media room on the concourse of the West Stand Upper is n't large enough for the demands of the Premier League , so an alternative is required .
To that end , major alterations are taking place behind the reception area of the West Stand with the commercial and finance departments being moved to a new location in the stadium .
That frees up space for a 70-seat press conference room , a media working area , a mixed zone and no less than five interview rooms .
Floodlights
Let there be light !
For those who understand such things , Boro 's floodlights in the Football League were 800lux .
From next season they need to be 1600lux . So , basically , twice as bright .
But , wait , because of the way they have to be measured under the Premier League specification , they will be effectively four times as bright .
They also need to be ‘ zero flicker ' .
What that means is that when the TV companies broadcast a super slow-motion replay , the picture does n't ‘ flicker ' because the lights are n't up to spec .
So , next season , fans watching from home can enjoy a super slo-mo replay of Jordan Rhodes chipping David de Gea in pin-sharp detail .
Boro have opted to install LED lights because they are more versatile and do n't require time to warm-up .
So if Boro want a jazzy lightshow for some reason , they can do that with their new floodlights .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Entrances
The West Stand will have three separate entrances into or near the reception area .
The media will enter through a door on the left side of the ( north ) red tower to the left of reception .
The players will enter through a door to the right of the ( south ) red tower while corporate customers and club guests will use the main entrance .
TV Studios
The current ‘ studio ' used by the likes of Sky for live TV matches is a converted hospitality box near the Middlehaven Suite in the North-West corner of the stadium .
Unfortunately , it 's not big enough so a new site is required .
The club is currently seeking approval from the Premier League to install two new studios in the South-East corner of the stadium .
Broadcast compound
The compound used by the TV companies to park their broadcast trucks and other vehicles has , until now , been located behind the North Stand .
From next season , a section twice the size has been allocated outside the South-East corner .
To enable the TV firms to get their staff and equipment to the new TV studios , a new external staircase will be built on the South-East corner .
The long-term plan is for further staircases to be built to improve and ease access in other areas of the Riverside .
Benches and tunnel area
The Premier League requirements are under review and it is expected that there will be a number of changes to this area including the installation of new , reconfigured benches for subs and coaching staff .
Cameras
Boro had eight camera positions last season .
From the start of next season they need to have 32 potential camera positions hard-wired with the necessary services .
The club also has to have the cameras used for goal-line technology installed .
Press seats
Last season , when watching live match action from the media seats it was blink and you miss it for the gentlemen - and ladies - of the written press .
All Premier League clubs must provide TV screens/monitors in the press box offering a live feed of the match complete with replays .
So , to be ready for the new season , a fair bit of wiring , fitting and fixing is required in the press section at the back of the West Stand either side of the camera gantry .
Brains and computers , it has been observed before , are at once similar and different . The things in our heads and at our fingertips are both information processing systems , but they go about it in very different ways—which is to be suspected when comparing an organ crafted gradually over millions of years with a device that did n't exist so much as a few decades ago . A team of British researchers is looking to close the gap , by building a computer that more closely mimics how the brain actually works . ARM is putting up a million of its processors to help in the task—but even with that processing power , the project only hopes to simulate about 1 percent of the human brain . The project has about $ 8 million in funding from EPRSC .
At the heart of the project is Steve Furber , a professor of computer engineering at the University of Manchester . One of his central interests is how it is that brains manage to continue to function when parts of it fail–a phenomenon known as plasticity—while the same is not true of computers . “ We do n't know how to design things with that resilience , ” he told ZDNet UK . His team will use the chips as part of its SpiNNaker project ( a stylistically spelled “ abbreviation ” of Spiking Neural Network architecture ) , which , according to the project 's site , uses “ massive parallelism and redundancy ” to mimic the brain 's structure , which after all operates by conscripting billions of neurons to work in tandem .
The idea is that once the SpiNNaker project is fully operational , researchers from around the world could use it to test theories about how the human brain works . ( A colorful recent example of research like this came when scientists at Yale and the University of Texas essentially gave a computer schizophrenia . ) ZDNet UK poses the question that naturally arises from such research , though : Will we ever get to the point of building a fully digital brain–one with the same number of connections as the human one ? Some thinkers say the answer is yes , among them the scientist Henry Markram , who recently predicted that we should be able to get there by 2023 . Interestingly , both Markram and Furber underline academic funding models as one of the chief limitations to attaining such a goal .
In the meantime , at least , we 'll have researchers simulating parts of the brain—like these Stanford academics who recently developed a nanoelectric device that mimics human synapses . Taking a cue from evolution itself , perhaps we 'll finally arrive at a full digital brain only by building several different modules at once , and then cobbling them all together .
I 'm sure everyone was just as excited as I was about Hunter x Hunter getting a home media release ( and English dub ) by Viz Media . Any news from New York Comic Con can distract fans from other important stories , especially when it comes to new ( and popular content ) airing on Toonami . But what might have slipped past anime fans attention is how another successful franchise will finally be released stateside . That 's right , The Seven Deadly Sin will be arriving in the U.S . There 's just one problem for some fans of the franchise , who would want it to premier on Toonami . Instead of a company like Funimation , Aniplex USA , or Sentai Filmworks getting the rights to the show , Netflix swooped in and captured the franchise for exclusive streaming rights . It 's good that The Seven Deadly Sins will be available in the U.S , but due to what company gained the license , it will never air on the action block .
Netflix to announce The Seven Deadly Sins November 1 launch @ NYCC per http : //t.co/JnDlIE0ADF https : //t.co/BXgo7DSQzO — WTK ( @ WTK ) October 9 , 2015
Speculation began back when Netflix had a webpage dedicated to the anime series , yet there were n't any episodes available . Netflix quickly took down the page , but revealed on Oct. 9 that starting in November , the series would be available for U.S. viewers . This is n't the first time that Netflix has jumped into the anime community , considering that they gained the same streaming licenses back with Knights of Sidonia . Sentai Filmworks later picked up rights to release the show for home releases , so this leads me to wonder if the same thing will occur The Seven Deadly Sins .
What 's positive about Netflix releasing the show to the public is two-fold , considering that no one in the U.S. has been able to see the show yet ( legally ) . I became enamored with the story thanks to the manga on Crunchyroll , with it quickly becoming one of my favorite franchises . So when I heard that an anime was made , I desperately wanted to watch it when it was debuting in Japan . Yet I ( as well as other fans ) could n't find the show on websites such as Crunchyroll , Hulu , Funimation.com , or other legitimate streaming websites . So for American fans of the show , they could only rely on the latest manga chapter to keep up with the series . Now with the series about to become available , fans of the franchise can see how their favorite characters are animated ( I 'm very partial to see Hawk in all his glory ) . Exposure is important , and being able to have Netflix showcase the new series , could spread the word of one of the most popular manga titles out .
That 's not me being dramatic , the manga series was a big winner during the 39th Kodansha Manga Awards ( won the best shonen manga award ) . Thus making this writer believe that the franchise ( if long enough ) could become a mega-hit in the U.S . In fact , I think it could reach the level that a show like Bleach did in America . Right now the series has one season at 24 episodes , plus a new season has been green lighted for 2016 . That would be around 48-50 episodes for the series , which is already a decent amount for anime . That would put The Seven Deadly Sins on the same level as Magi and World Trigger ( which are popular in their own right ) . But if the show can have 100 or more episodes produced , then it WILL garner the kind of popularity that shows like Fairy Tail and Naruto have . The longer the series , the more fans a show can accrue . The Seven Deadly Sins can rise to that level if the episode count reaches triple digits .
Of course some might be wondering if this show can warrant a triple digit count ( due to how much an anime series can eat up the source material ) . It 's very likely the shows ' episode count can be over 100 , if there are hiatuses to give the author ( Juichi Yamaki ) more time to write chapters . Right now the manga is around 143 chapters , and it 's ongoing . Every chapter feels like an adventure when reading , especially since the manga is another take on a heavily romanticized time period . Readers are taken to Medieval Times to a land where there are demons , wizards , swordsmen , castles , good , and evil in on place . We see a princess ( Elizabeth ) look for aid for her country from seven criminals in the world known as The Seven Deadly Sins . She then finds the captain of the rouge group ( Meliodas ) , who seems to be a simple bartender . There the two team up and try to find the rest of The Seven Deadly Sins , and thwart evil along the way . Throughout the manga we see great action scenes , terrific character development , and wonderful dialogue that all types of readers would love . So there 's a lot to look forward to , especially since this story will be made available for North American fans .
The other positive when looking at Netflix 's new acquisition , is that an English dub should be produced as well . Again , looking back at the Knights of Sidonia release , there was an English dub that was produced and now graces many anime collectors ' shelves ( or streaming libraries ) . It is exciting for fans wondering about who will be cast and how an English dub would sound . I for one would love to hear someone like Todd Haberkorn as Meliodas or Cherami Leigh as Elizabeth ( just personal preference ) , but that will be unknown for a while ( if an English dub is even produced ) . It 's just another layer that give fans more reasons to be ecstatic about the move . Plus if the show does in fact recieve an English dub , it will gain more notoriety worldwide . As long as that happens , the franchise will be a major success .
So with all the positives I laid down , how could this be a situation where the people at Toonami would n't be happy ? A big franchise will be released in the U.S. and has a strong chance receiving an English dub . That would normally mean The Seven Deadly Sins is on it 's way to the action block , but it 's trickier since Netflix is involved . This is just another example about where media will be heading for viewers . Streaming seems to be the future of entertainment when you look at what Netflix , Amazon Prime , and Hulu have done . We are now at the point where these websites are producing their own exclusive shows that are only available through their sites . The Seven Deadly Sins will fall into that same category with Netflix marketing this release as a streaming exclusive show . Thus it makes me wonder if this become the norm with anime arriving to North America . Which is a huge problem for Toonami 's future ( if that is the case ) .
With Netflix owning streaming rights , there is no way that Toonami can claim the show , until the deal expires and Netflix does n't renew it . Anime News Network 's Answerman ( Justin Sevakis ) painted a clearer picture about how Netflix 's works when it comes to streaming exclusive anime . Of course the first sentence in his answer is “ Netflix is a gigantic mystery ” , but did offer more as to what Netflix asks for when they gain streaming rights . Sevakis wrote about how the streaming website take only a few rights and do not ask for any physical media rights ( i.e . how Sentai Filmworks released Knights of Sidonia ) . He would also talk about how long Netflix 's contracts are . They are usually “ three years on average ” . However , after those three years , I 'm unsure if Toonami would be able to gain broadcasting rights to the show ( that 's if the contract ends after three years ) . I would assume that the rights to a show that debuted on Netflix would cost a fortune , especially since Netflix offers a lot of money to acquire the streaming rights .
Netflix is a popular website where people can not function without the ability to use their services . Sadly , it can create a divide within the anime community for those who can afford it and who ca n't . Thus it can create and economic strife within the community ( which is never a good thing ) . The audience Netflix has is a lot wider than what Toonami can reach . That is n't a knock on T.O.M and SARA , but there have been instances where cable providers dropped Turner Broadcasting channels ( which includes Toonami ) . Any time these types of contract disputes can put Toonami in danger of losing a ton of viewers , since it 's the fans that are held hostage in these negotiations . Netflix may have a monthly subscription , but it will never have a contract issue like Turner Broadcasting had . It will continue to stay online , until it becomes obsolete ( or you cancel your subscription ) .
It 's great that the franchise can have a wider audience , it just stinks how Toonami can not gain more viewers through The Seven Deadly Sins ( which I would predict would happen ) . That puts Toonami executives on the offensive to continue and find quality shows they can put on their block . Obviously Hunter x Hunter is on the minds of many fans , as well as Log Horizon just to name a few . Toonami does n't have the type of money that a company like Netflix has to acquire shows . Marketing specialist for Aniplex USA , EJ Rivera , stated on ANN 's podcast how expensive The Seven Deadly Sins series was . I can only imagine how much it would cost Toonami to get the rights to that show as well . How I see it , Toonami will stay away from extremely expensive productions and look at others dubbed by Funimation , Viz Media , Sentai Filmworks , etc . Once the first season of Knights of Sidonia contract expires , it will be interesting to see if Toonami can make an offer to showcase the show . However , as stated earlier , the expense might be too high for Toonami . Since the action block has started to stream Saturday 's lineup ( plus marathons of shows ) , it might cost more for to gain The Seven Deadly Sins onto their block . Hopefully more shows will stay away from Netflix so the Toonami audience can benefit from new shows getting dubbed .
Besides being bummed out about how one of the more popular franchises wo n't air on the action block , there 's still a lot to like about this new deal . Fans should patiently wait for an English dub ( which should happen since it has before ) . But there is always that one percent where Toonami can work some magic to gain the broadcasting rights of a show . I for one find it hard to believe it will happen , considering how Netflix would n't want to lose a growing fan base . After making “ loud ” move such as acquiring The Seven Deadly Sins , it looks as if Netflix will be interested in gaining more streaming rights for popular anime titles . That could then potentially block Toonami from getting these titles ( which is n't the best thing to think about ) . It may look like the show will never air on the action block , but at least the show will be available for fans overseas .
* Thanks to Andrew “ Sketch ” Hingson for pointing me in the right direction to find out some important information ! Follow him @ Sketch1984
C.J Maffris is an editorial writer for Toonamifaithful.com . He is a huge fan of the Seven Deadly Sins series . Feel free to ask him questions about the show on Twitter @ SeaJayMaffris
FILE - Democratic strategist James Carville and then co-host of CNN 's `` Crossfire '' speaks to the media in this Wednesday , July 28 , 2004 file photo taken at the FleetCenter in Boston during the Democratic National Convention . An election-year memo to Democratic candidates : Do n't talk about the economic recovery . It 's a political loser . Carville and others wrote that in head-to-head polling tests the mere mention of the word ` recovery ' is trumped by a Republican assertion that the Obama administration has had six years to get the economy moving and its policies have n't worked . ( AP Photo/Victoria Arocho , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Election-year memo to Democratic candidates : Do n't talk about the economic recovery . It 's a political loser .
So say Democratic strategists in a blunt declaration that such talk skips over `` how much trouble people are in , and does n't convince them that policymakers really understand or are even focusing on the problems they continue to face . ''
In addition , Stan Greenberg , James Carville and others wrote that in head-to-head polling tests the mere mention of the word `` recovery '' is trumped by a Republican assertion that the Obama administration has had six years to get the economy moving and its policies have n't worked .
Coincidentally or not , Democrats have largely shelved the `` R '' word .
President Barack Obama 's only utterance of it in recent weeks was on April 8 , and it was in the context of accusing Republicans of blocking progress on issues that `` would help with the economic recovery and help us grow faster . ''
Additionally , at a news conference on March 26 where they announced a campaign-season agenda , neither Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , nor most of the other five lawmakers present uttered the word `` recovery . ''
The strategic advice comes at a time Democrats are working to maximize turnout , particularly among women , for the fall elections , when they face a determined challenge from Republicans vying to add control of the Senate to their seemingly secure House majority .
Simultaneously , Democrats are struggling to respond effectively to persistent Republican attacks on the nation 's health care law .
Turnout in midterm elections is customarily lower than in a presidential campaign . This year numerous polls indicate that Democrats , particularly women , are less motivated to go to the polls than Republicans who are eager to demonstrate opposition to `` Obamacare , '' or the Affordable Care Act .
In their memo for Democracy Corps and the Women 's Voices Women Vote Action Fund , the authors propose that to boost turnout among their target groups Democrats should back an economic agenda that `` puts working women first , '' and says that incomes are soaring only for CEOs and the top 1 percent of the country .
`` As a start , Democrats should bury any mention of the recovery . That message was tested ... and it lost to the Republican message championed by Karl Rove , '' they wrote .
By traditional measurements , an economic recovery has been underway since partway through Obama 's first year in office .
The economy was shrinking when he was sworn in but turned positive in the third quarter of 2009 . It has been growing since , although barely so at times . Unemployment , measured at 7.8 percent when Obama took office in January 2009 , rose to 10 percent in October of that year until it began declining . It now stands at 6.7 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
At the same time , though , many of the jobs that have been created are lower-paying than the ones that preceded them . Long-term unemployment is at historically high levels , another factor that does little or nothing to reassure hard-pressed men and women that any recovery is helping their own pocketbooks .
Page Gardner of Women 's Voices , listed as a co-author of the memo , said in an interview that for unmarried women and other key parts of the Democratic coalition , `` a message about the benefits of a recovery does n't really reflect their lives currently . The power of the women 's economic agenda and talking about equal pay for equal work , paid sick leave , and messages that go to their ability to make it themselves and help their families make it is very powerful , and that 's what they want to hear . ''
A Calgary energy company says it plans to build the first propane export terminal on Canada 's West Coast , after receiving approval from federal regulators earlier last year .
AltaGas announced Tuesday it plans to start construction on the roughly $ 475-million Ridley Export Terminal near Prince Rupert , B.C. , with the goal of exporting propane by early 2019 .
The site for the terminal is brownfield land leased from the Prince Rupert Port Authority on Ridley Island .
According to the company , AltaGas began the formal environmental review process in early 2016 , which included the submission of an environmental evaluation document to federal regulators .
The company also says it has worked closely with First Nations throughout the process and will continue to do so as it moves forward .
The project , which is expected to create 200 to 250 construction jobs and about 40 to 50 permanent jobs once operational , also has the support of B.C . Premier Christy Clark , according to CEO David Harris .
Linking northern B.C . to Asia
The terminal is designed to ship 1.2 million tonnes of propane per year that will come by rail from Western Canada , with the company supplying about half of the product itself and outsourcing the rest .
Last October AltaGas also announced plans to produce propane and other natural gas liquids at the North Pine facility it committed to build last October , which — along with a set of pipelines — is currently under construction about 40 kilometres northwest of Fort St. John , B.C .
The company says it already has an agreement to sell at least half of the propane exports from the Ridley terminal to Japan-based Astomos Energy Corp. , and is in discussions with several buyers on further capacity commitments .
`` Propane exports off of Canada 's West Coast pulls together our vision of offering Canadian producers a complete energy value chain , '' said Harris . `` Together with our northeast B.C . infrastructure , once the Ridley Export Terminal is built and operating , we will give producers new access to premium Asian markets for their propane . ''
The company says the propane shipments from B.C . are expected to take about 10 days to arrive in Asia compared with 25 days for exports from the U.S. Gulf Coast .
Last February , the company shelved plans to build an LNG export terminal near Kitmat , B.C .
If the 21st-century world order has you longing for the comparatively clear politics of the Cold War , this is your lucky week : John le Carré has just published a new novel , “ A Legacy of Spies. ” ( You can read an excerpt here . ) If , on the other hand , you 're focused on the future , try Alissa Nutting 's zeitgeist tale set in too-close-for-comfort 2019 , “ Made for Love , ” in which a woman runs away from the husband who 's implanted a surveillance chip in her brain . Other recommended novels this week : Gabriel Tallent 's acclaimed debut , “ My Absolute Darling ” ; David Williams 's twist on “ prepper ” fiction , “ When the English Fall ” ; and Louise Penny 's latest Three Pines mystery , “ Glass Houses. ” And if you 're getting excited about the big fall movies , you might want to dive into some Hollywood history with David Thomson 's “ Warner Bros : The Making of an American Movie Studio . ”
Radhika Jones
Editorial Director , Books
A LEGACY OF SPIES , by John le Carré . ( Viking , $ 28 . ) John le Carré 's 24th novel is a throwback , a coda to “ The Spy Who Came in From the Cold ” ( 1963 ) , his best-known book . It includes a cameo appearance by his greatest creation , the Yoda-like spymaster George Smiley . “ Le Carré 's prose remains brisk and lapidary , ” our critic Dwight Garner writes . “ He is as profitably interested as every in values , especially the places where loyalty , patriotism and affection rub together and fray . ”
MY ABSOLUTE DARLING , by Gabriel Tallent . ( Riverhead , $ 27 . ) The heroine of this debut novel is Turtle , a 14-year-old who grows up feral in the forests and hills of Northern California , raised by her abusive father , a widowed survivalist . “ Turtle is a staunchly American type , perhaps the American type — tough , taciturn and almost pathologically self-sufficient , ” our critic Parul Sehgal writes . “ This is a book profoundly about other books , fed by the classics like tributaries . ”
NOTES ON A FOREIGN COUNTRY : An American Abroad in a Post-American World , by Suzy Hansen . ( Farrar , Straus & Giroux , $ 26 . ) In this remarkably revealing book , Hansen , who moved to Istanbul after 9/11 , wrestles with her country 's violent role in the world and the ways America has failed to interrogate itself . Hansen is doing something both rare and necessary , writes our reviewer , the Pulitzer Prize winner Hisham Matar ; she is tracing the ways in which we are all born into histories , into national myths , and if we are unfortunate enough , into the fantasies of an empire .
`` It 's hard to say exactly where myths end and folk tales and religions begin . I like to think that myths are ways of making sense of the world : the people in them do n't change ( unless they are transformed into things ) but the worlds and the worldviews tell us so much about other cultures and about ourselves . Characters in myths are there to serve the story , but some of them haunt me . Here are 10 of them that do . ''
1 . Loki
The Norse Gods are sensible , unimaginative folk , with the exception of Loki , the Frost Giant who lives with them and is crafty , cunning , capable of getting them into trouble and out of it , until the dark tales that take us into Ragnarok and the end of the world , when Loki becomes darker , nastier and infinitely more dangerous . The first myths I remember encountering as a boy .
2 . Penelope
My favourite character in the Odyssey . As Odysseus takes the long way home , encountering Circe and sirens and cylops and such , Penelope waits and weaves and unpicks her weaving . She was the only one who seemed even faintly responsible or grown up in the story .
3 . Coyote
Native American creator and trickster , as much the butt of his stories as he is the hero . ( Coyote meets a rock who can talk . Coyote insults the rock . The rock rolls after Coyote to crush him . Coyote crosses a river and mocks the rock when he gets to the other side . The rock jumps over the river and crushes Coyote to death . `` Those days you used to find Coyote dead all the time . '' )
4 . Icarus and Daedalus
As a boy , I dreamed of Icarus , who only wanted to fly too high and whose wings failed him . Now I think of Daedalus , who was too smart for his own good and could not protect his child from the world .
5 . Rhiannon
The Mabinogion is a strange collection of equally strange stories . Rhiannon first appears riding on a white horse , riding faster than any man can ride : she 's eventually caught by a King , who weds her . Falsely accused of infanticide she becomes a sort of horse in her turn , forced to carry travellers , until her innocence can be proved . Stoic but eternally cool .
6 . Anansi
Like Coyote , like so many trickster-creators , Anansi , an African spider-god of stories , has tales in which he is outwitted , and in which he outwits . In my favourite , he convinces Tiger to kill and try to sell his grandmother . There is no moral , other than do not ever mess with Anansi .
7 . Medusa
Medusa 's my favourite of all the Greek mythic people . The hair made of writhing snakes , the glance that turns things to stone , even after her head has been removed . I also feel sorry for her immortal Gorgon sisters , Stheno and Euryale , forced to carry on without her for ever .
8 . Monkey
The Journey to the West is not actually a myth , more a tale that takes mythical stories and retells them , knits them together into a patchwork . But I 've been to a Buddhist temple in China which honoured Monkey and his companions , and to a Taoist temple in Hong Kong that did the same . Buddha sends a monk , a monkey , a pig and a monster to India to bring back Buddhist texts to China : their journey is a gallimaufrey of improbable encounters , of shapeshifting and more , with monsters , with magic and with occasional explanations of how things are the way they are . And Monkey , impetuous and brave , is a wonderful hero .
9 . Mythic Boy Jesus
He turns up in one of the `` lost gospels '' , the Infancy Gospel of Thomas , in which we learn of the miracles that Jesus did as a boy . He brings clay birds to life , resurrects a kid who falls off a roof and kills or brings blindness on anyone who displeases him . `` If he 's going to keep killing people , '' Joseph says to Mary , nervously , `` We are going to have to stop him leaving the house . ''
10 . Lilith
I was told about Lilith by my barmitzvah teacher as a boy : how she insisted on having sex on top , a crime so great that Adam was forced to disassociate himself from her , and how she did not mind and went off and had sex with demons instead , Adam being all there was in the way of men at the time . She also appeared never to have died , which meant that she sounded cooler than anyone else in the whole of Genesis . Even though she was n't actually really even mentioned in Genesis .
As of today , WAGT , Augusta , Ga. , 's NBC affiliate , is part of Gray TV . The takeover follows the Gray 's acquisition of Schurz Communications last September . Also , as of today , Gray-owned WRDW , the CBS affiliates in Augusta , is simulcasting its news programs on WAGT . The 2 and a half hour morning show , the 6pm news and the 11pm newscast will now be seen on both stations . Gray is canceling WAGT 's weekend morning and weeknight 7 p.m. newscasts as of today .
Sources tell TVSpy the changes mean WAGT employees are out of jobs . We are awaiting a statement from Gray for more information . But WRDW says the acquisition will allow it to expand . “ The addition of WAGT positions WRDW to offer additional resources to promote community events and the missions of local non-profit organizations , ” a statement on its website reads .
WAGT anchors Jay Jeffries and Barclay Bishop ( pictured ) , who , until today , were anchors of the NBC26 morning show , asked viewers to file complaints with the FCC . They also encouraged viewers to watch ABC affiliate WJBF . WATCH :
Comments
The New Yorker writer and acclaimed author Elizabeth Kolbert has a penchant for depressing topics . Her 2006 book , Field Notes from a Catastrophe , helped push climate change into the mainstream ( with bonus points for not mincing words in the title ) .
Now that climate change is safely keeping most of us up at night , Kolbert turned her pen to another big bummer : the sixth extinction . We 're currently losing species at a rate of 1,000 to 10,000 times higher than unassisted nature wiping out the occasional newt . While humans were n't responsible for the last five mass extinctions , our fingerprints are all over this one . Yep : We collectively have the force of an asteroid when it comes to erasing species ( high five , guys ! ) and for the most part , our response has been classic Urkel .
Kolbert dropped by the Grist office to chat mass extinctions , climate inaction , and whether there 's any hope ( short answer : no . long answer : probably not ) . Here 's an edited and condensed version of our conversation .
Q . How much do scientists attribute the current wave of extinctions to climate change versus things like deforestation or chemical pollution or invasive species ?
A . The fact of the matter is that there are probably , right now , no extinctions that can be directly attributed to climate change . But there are many extinctions that can be pretty directly attributed to invasive species . So if you are just chalking things up , invasive species definitely have a big place .
But people trying to look into the future with things like modeling — which may or may not be correct , but we wo n't necessarily be around to see it — tend to project that the climate is going to become a major driver of extinctions over this century , for all the obvious reasons .
Q . How do we stack up in the extinctions ? Like , wow , the Permian extinction is way better , but we 're better than the Chicxulub crater . Are we close to being the best extinction ?
A . Well , that 's an unanswerable question , but I will say that I 've now had several very serious scientists say to me , “ We can not rule out an outcome like the end Permian extinction. ” If that ai n't sobering , I do n't know what is .
Q . We 're No . 1 ?
A . The end Permian extinction was almost certainly caused by a huge CO2 release , and no one is quite sure from where . And the scope of it was quite enormous .
We 're not there yet , but if we burn through everything , I think we could get there . Are we capable of getting there ? These are questions that no one can answer at this point .
Q . It was n't until the late 1700s or early 1800s that the concept of extinction was even thought about . What process led to that discovery ? We now know that there have been five extinctions to date , so a lot has occurred in 200 years in terms of our awareness .
A . As Europeans colonized North America and South America , they found a lot of fossils . One of the major finds was in the 1730s by French soldiers who were going down the Ohio River . They come to this site in what 's now Kentucky and they find mastodon bones , which they shipped to Paris .
Mastodons are interestingly weird because they have tusks like elephants , but teeth like people . So they were very confused by this . People actually speculated that they were two animals that had died , like a hippo and an elephant . Since they did n't even have this concept of extinction they could n't really get their minds around it . ( Thomas Jefferson was quite convinced that Lewis and Clark were going to find mastodons . )
People played around with it for a long time until this French naturalist , who 's sort of a main character in the book , came along . [ Georges Cuvier ] made this ( what we would consider ) not very scientific observation that if these animals were out there , we would have seen them already , so they were gone . He made that logical leap of faith . And he was right ! He was the first person to really theorize extinction .
Q . There have been five extinctions , and each time Mother Nature has brought things back in a different direction — so ca n't you see some hope in that ? It may not involve humans .
A . If you take the really long view , yeah . Really long . Super long . People make this point about the planet . Well , the non-living planet will be fine . Even most microbial life will be fine , and what are we worried about ? Vertebrates ? People have said to me , “ If the dinosaurs had n't been done in , we would n't be here. ” That is most certainly true , yeah , but it did take 66 million years , and for a while if you 'd been around — I was n't there — it would have been pretty grim .
The end Permian did n't do in life on Earth , and we will not do in life on Earth , but I think most people have a hard time seeing that — something that not even their most distant descendants will be around to see — as a hopeful thing . Geologists take that sort of view .
Q . On the scale of bummed-outed-ness , which one of your books caused you to be more depressed ? Your previous book , Field Notes from a Catastrophe , is one of the most important books written on climate change to date , and really helped introduced the topic to a whole new range of readers .
A . For Field Notes , I interviewed a lot of the country 's top climate scientists , and they all agree that [ climate change ] is a pretty clear and present danger to human society . And yet , we ca n't seem to come to terms with that at all . So it seemed to me that a species that ca n't even do the sort of things that seem to be called for , for its own self , is that species really going to do the things called for everything else on the planet ?
It 's maybe a little bit of writerly vanity — you say , OK , I 'm going to put this out there and it true and it 's going to make a difference . The same year that my book came out , An Inconvenient Truth came out . It had a huge impact , but — what happened ? Nothing happened . So I was already pretty bummed out , I guess .
Q . You visited different natural places around the world . What was your favorite thing that you encountered ?
A. I 'd say the most astonishing place I went was the Great Barrier Reef . I got to go to this very tiny island — the islands on the Reef are built out of the reef , the height of a table , basically , they 're very low and they 're all made out of coral — and they 're spectacularly beautiful . This tiny little research station was on this island . Going out on the reef — you know , you see nature movies and stuff — it 's even better than the nature movies . Unfortunately I do n't dive , but even just snorkeling was amazing . You never have access to that on land , you never see that many different living creatures . Even if you were in the middle of the Amazon , you 'd just see leaves ! But when you 're looking underwater , it 's just spectacular . And as you know — I was out there with a bunch of scientists studying ocean acidification — the prognosis for reefs is really , really grim .
Q . You also write about some efforts to save species . Could you share some of those ?
Get Grist in your inbox Always free , always fresh . The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you . See our privacy policy
A. I happened to go to the San Diego Zoo , where they have a very impressive conservation program . I was there to see something called the “ frozen zoo. ” It 's just a bunch of vats of liquid nitrogen with cell lines from , in many cases , highly endangered animals and , in one case , an animal that does n't exist anymore , a Hawaiian bird . The idea is pretty much what it sounds like : You have these cell lines , you 're going to keep them alive forever , and eventually people are going to figure out how to resurrect some of these species . Or maybe if you do n't want to go quite that sci-fi , we 'll take the cell lines , we 'll do a DNA analysis , we 'll try to figure out why this population is having trouble .
They took me to see this bird named Kinohi , one of the last Hawaiian crows . He 's “ reluctant to part with his genetic material , ” let 's put it that way . He had been taken from this breeding facility on Maui to San Diego , and he is ministered to by a PhD physiologist who is trying to , let 's say , pleasure this bird , so that he will give up some sperm , so she can artificially inseminate a bird back in Maui . When I visited he had not yet , you know , come through . She was literally preparing to try again — I do n't know if it has ever worked , I should call her .
That was really , to me , emblematic of this crazy situation we find ourselves in . We 're incredibly smart , we 've figured out how to freeze cell lines and quite possibly bring back extinct animals — we 're willing to pleasure crows . And yet , the Hawaiian Islands are called the extinction capital of the planet — it 's an absolutely devastated ecosystem . Many , many birds are extinct already ; those that are n't are just clinging to existence . Those forces are not changing and , in fact , things are getting worse . There used to be no mosquitoes in Hawaii ; there are now mosquitoes . They carry avian malaria , and as the climate warms , avian malaria is moving up the slopes so that even these refugees species that are high on the mountains are increasingly not there . A lot of birds are in terrible trouble there .
All of these things are happening at once and , once again , they 're all true . People are devoting a lot of time and energy and love to trying to preserve these species , and meanwhile the world is increasingly screwed up . So that is how I end the book : They can both be true ; it 's not one or the other .
Showing 1 - 20 of 148 results Sort by Please select Relevance Brand - A to Z Brand - Z to A Price – low to high Price – high to low Customer rating Discount % ( High to Low )
Connecting a computer mouse to your tablet setup will make it easier to navigate between screens and apps . And when you play games on a PC or a tablet , adding a mouse that 's specifically designed for gaming can seriously enhance gameplay .
Our computer mice come in a variety of sizes and styles , from affordable versions that are perfect for work to deluxe models that you 'll want to show off to your gaming friends . If you use your tablet at work or school , adding a mouse can make it faster and easier to take notes .
Each mouse is unique , but all our mice are ergonomically designed to help you get the most out of it . Our gaming mice are especially well designed so that you can play for longer without getting uncomfortable . Our gaming mice feature extra buttons that you do n't get on normal mice to make gaming even better .
If you 're looking for a brand you can trust , check out our impressive range of HP computer mice . And if you want to take your gaming rig to the next level , take a look at our complete range of gaming mice , you wo n't be disappointed .
If you 're looking for an easy way to enhance your tablet or gaming PC , a new computer mouse is ideal .
Back to top
A unique and riveting theatrical experience , CHARLIE VICTOR ROMEO ( CVR ) is a performance documentary derived entirely from the “ Black Box ” transcripts of six major real-life airline emergencies .
When you board an airplane , who are those people in uniform to whom you entrust your life ? What do they really do when things go horribly wrong ? Derived entirely from the Cockpit Voice Recorder transcripts of six major airline incidents and accidents , Charlie Victor Romeo puts the audience inside the tension-filled cockpits of actual flights in distress , offering a fascinating portrait of the psychology of crisis and a person 's will to live to the last second .
“ [ This ] chilling and groundbreaking production stretches the boundaries of film , theatre , and the traditional documentary with this stereoscopic 3-D film of a stage play that recreates transcripts word for word . Charlie Victor Romeo transports film audiences into the best seats of the theatre and delivers the intensity and gut-wrenching emotion of these emergencies via the unique approach of live performance . ”
Shari Frilot , senior programmer Sundance Film Festival & New Frontier
Over the past 12 years there have been numerous discussions and investigations into how Charlie Victor Romeo might be brought to a larger audience through another medium . How do we preserve the visceral experience that makes CVR the dynamic presentation that it is ? The power of CVR is in the intimate communication of the intensity and emotion of these emergencies , shared between our cast and the audience . How do we take that closeness , that connection , and carry it over to the cinema ?
Through the use of state-of-the-art 3D Stereoscopic camera technology and high quality audio recording and engineering we bring this groundbreaking , powerful international phenomenon to the big screen allowing moviegoers the same thrilling , devastating and uplifting experience live theater audiences have experienced for years .
Charlie Victor Romeo opened in the fall of 1999 at the Collective : Unconscious Theater in the heart of NYC 's Lower East Side artistic community . Due to overwhelming response from the press , aviation community and the general public , CVR extended multiple times in an entirely sold-out eight-month run . Most recently , CVR played to riveted audiences at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2008 and completed a successful revival in NYC at 3 Legged Dogs in the fall of 2012 as part of the residency that produced Charlie Victor Romeo the 3D film .
Embraced by the aviation community for its unsparing truthfulness and its non-sensational approach , Charlie Victor Romeo was filmed in 2000 by the US Air Force as a training video for pilots . The theatrical production of CVR has been observed by West Point cadets enrolled in courses studying engineering psychology and human error . CVR has also generated great interest from the medical community and has performed for conferences of physicians and healthcare administrators studying the effects of human error and emergencies in the medical context .
Throughout its history Charlie Victor Romeo has been viewed by thousands of aviation and medical professionals . With the production of Charlie Victor Romeo the 3D film , many thousands more professionals in these and other fields will have access to CVR as never before .
Charlie Victor Romeo has been awarded 2000 Drama Desk Awards for Best Unique Theatrical Experience and Outstanding Sound Design and the 2000 New York International Fringe Festival awards for Overall Excellence in Drama and Outstanding Sound Design . Charlie Victor Romeo was awarded the Backstage West Garland Award for Best Sound Design 2002 . Smithsonian Air and Space Magazine , The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal , The Village Voice , The Hollywood Reporter , ABC News , PBS 's “ NewsHour with Jim Lehrer ” and many other sources have heralded Charlie Victor Romeo as an important dramatic and technical work .
Charlie Victor Romeo the 3D film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2013 , and has since screened at the New York Film Festival , The Hamptons International Film Festival , CPHDox Documentary Festival , and AFI Fest in Los Angeles . Theatrical runs at the Film Forum in NYC and the Downtown Independent in LA commence on January 29th 2014 , to be followed with more screenings and special events throughout the year , and into the future .
_____________________________________________________________________________
Charlie Victor Romeo ( CVR ) is made possible in part with public funds from the Manhattan Community Arts Fund , supported by the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs in partnership with the City Council and administered by Lower Manhattan Cultural Council and by the New York State Council on the Arts with the support of Governor Andrew Cuomo and the New York State Legislature .
Dragon 's Dogma is like a precociously intelligent teenager , in the sense that it has ideas beyond those of its peers , but struggles to explain itself . There 's no better example than the game 's rushed opening , which drops you into the armored boots of a warrior about to face a giant chimera . Then suddenly you 're at a character creation screen , wondering what happened to that other warrior . Then , a second character creation screen . Even though the game explains that you 're designing a Pawn -- an AI sidekick meant to assist the user-created main character -- we were left wondering who the hell was going to be our protagonist , anyway .
Dragon 's Dogma is an attempt to breed the open world exploration of Skyrim with the fierce combat of Capcom staples like Devil May Cry and Monster Hunter . You play as the Arisen , a hero chosen by fate to rid the world of an evil dragon that stole his heart . No , we do n't mean he fell in love with the dragon . That evil nuisance clawed his heart right out of his chest in the game 's opening cinematic .
While Dragon 's Dogma gets off to an awkward start , we recommend you power through it , since the good stuff is n't far off . The choices you make during the hurried opening are not permanent , and once you reach the capital city of Gran Soren , you 'll soon be able to respec yourself and your primary Pawn , or select new classes entirely . This was lucky for us , since we found our initial pairing of Fighter and Striker to be ineffective . More importantly , being able to swap vocations easily is a boon , because each of Dragon 's Dogma 's specializations plays in a spectacularly different manner .
Fighter , Striker and Mage all serve as your basic warrior , rogue and magic-user set-up . Leveling different classes allows you to choose new skills that you map to the X , Y and B buttons . Upgrading an ability gives it a faster execution , wider area of effect , or some other perk more immediate than the typical “ +1 to fire spells ” of most RPG 's . Choosing new skills will let you design your own combos , rather than working a stat sheet .
There are also fantastic hybrid classes , which you 'll want to check out immediately . The Magic Archer 's enchanted bow lets him highlight multiple targets and unleash a flurry of homing arrows . The Mystic Knight can enchant his shield , allowing him to damage enemies while blocking . He can also summon a “ magic cannon , ” a sphere of energy he strikes with a melee weapon , flinging projectiles at his foes .
Making sure that you and your primary Pawn complement each other is essential to winning battles . Combat is built around the relationship between you and your AI team . It replicates the standard tank , healer and DPS structure of any MMO , but Dogma 's slick , real time combat gives it an immediacy other games lack .
The primary Pawn you design will be your lifetime sidekick , but you can adjust their class , behavior and equipment . The other two Pawns in your party can be swapped to suit your changing needs . Just visit a Rift Stone in any town to select new Pawns for your party . You can even use another player 's custom Pawn , which adds a great bonus . Dragon 's Dogma has an online feature that we used to select Pawns other gamers had designed . Our own Pawn was loaned out as well , but we were never without them . Other players simply used a copy of them , which synced with our own whenever we rested at an inn . Our Pawn would often come back with knowledge of a quest we had n't tried yet , eager to offer advice that was sometimes actually helpful . It 's an excellent feature .
Marc Andreessen joined Quartz for a discussion with editor-in-chief Kevin Delaney on Dec. 12 in New York City . The tech pioneer who built the first graphical web browser , Mosaic , and launched an up-and-down career as an entrepreneur and investor , had plenty of interesting things to say about the state of Silicon Valley , the future of the economy , and the power of two billion people taking photos .
1 . The dotcom bubble was n't all that bad
“ One of my working theories right now is basically every single idea from the dotcom era was correct. ” The dotcom era ? That period of irrational exuberance that led to most of those who dabbled in it losing their shirts ? Maybe it 's because he had the misfortune to enter markets too early . Andreessen founded Loudcloud , a service which broke ground in the world of distributed computing , then changed strategies and sold itself to HP when that business went bust . But a few years later , and Andreessen would have been Amazon Web Services . “ In this business , being early is the same as being wrong , as I 've discovered multiple times , ” he says . That should send investors scrambling back to the absurd IPO prospectuses of 1998 for ideas whose time has now come .
2 . Middle class ? What middle class ?
“ The idea of the middle class itself is a myth. ” Andreessen argued that the middle class is an “ artifact ” of America 's post-World-War-II role as the last standing industrial power—that the term describes people with a high-school education earning college-level wages , who after the war worked in the firms that built modern America 's industrial base . That view might surprise all the war veterans who got college educations thanks to the GI Bill . “ That experiment has been run and it was a catastrophic failure , ” he says , arguing that Americans today without college degrees or an engineering background are doomed to a future of shoe sales . Maybe his idea of “ middle class ” is a bit strange , but on one thing we can agree : If you do get that college degree , you might want to consider computer languages over English degrees .
3 . Net neutrality is a bad idea
“ We have this idea of net neutrality… the consequence of this , left unchecked , is that the mobile data networks are going to run out of capacity… in 2016 or 2017 , and then that 's it. ” Opposing net neutrality—the idea that bandwidth should always be free to whichever sender wants to use it—is to Silicon Valley what witchcraft was to 17th-century Salem . The consensus among techies is that forcing companies ( such as Netflix or Google ) to pay more for the vast amount of traffic they generate , rather than charging their users for the bandwidth , would stifle innovation .
But Andreessen thinks that at least when it comes to mobile broadband , net neutrality is having disastrous consequences for supply . He says developers do n't keep track of how much bandwidth the products they make use , nor have any incentive to reduce it . “ I should probably be paying $ 500 a month , I 'm an intensive user of this stuff , ” he adds . Technological solutions to the bandwidth problem include freeing up more of it , but “ the government has licensed out most of the interesting bandwidth to companies that long since forgot they were supposed to pay for it… 50 years of telecommunications regulation is coming back to bite us in the butt and it 's a big problem . ”
4 . The US needs cheaper labor , more immigrants and fewer rules
“ I 'm not saying we should have sweatshops in the US and I 'm not saying we should have no environmental regulations , but it is harder to do business in most states in the US than it is to do business in a lot of places around the world. ” Asked whether “ insourcing ” —moving manufacturing back from low-cost countries like China to the US ( witness Apple 's recent announcement that it will be making a modest investment in US manufacturing ) —is a real trend , Andreessen said that it could be , but the question is whether Americans simply are willing to pay even a slight price premium for goods made in the USA . Advanced regulations , lower wages and large-scale immigration could solve the problem , but both are politically impossible . Take immigration , Andreessen says : While plenty of immigrants would come to America to work for more than Chinese factories pay , but less than America 's minimum wage , such a plan could never be enacted .
5 . Do n't expect Facebook to justify its IPO price
“ I do n't think companies have to justify their stock prices. ” Andreessen says if Facebook returns to its IPO price , it wo n't be because it made better arguments about why investors should purchase its equity . “ I come from the school of [ Silicon Valley venture capitalist and Kleiner Perkins partner ] John Doerr on this one . If Netscape stock went up or down 10 % one day , I said to John , why did our stock do that ? And he said , ‘ Oh , there were more buyers than sellers . ' ” ( Andreessen is on Facebook 's board . )
6 . This mobile internet thing ? Bigger than anyone understands
“ We 've never had the ability in our industry to reach five billion people with a computer and now we have the ability to do that. ” Two billion Android handsets will be activated in the next year , and the scale of global computing is going to open up huge opportunities , not just in the tech business , but for people to push back against repressive governments and price-gouging merchants . “ The smartphone revolution is really hitting its stride now , ” Andreessen says .
7 . Forget hotels . The whole property market is turning upside down
“ AirBnB is gon na eat real estate. ” Not just hotels , not just vacation rentals , not just sublets : Andreessen predicts that the online rental platform will do to real estate what eBay and other online sellers did for goods . And then it will eat the travel industry 's lunch too . ( Caveat : He 's an investor ) .
8 . Frying your brain is a fair price to pay for new technology
“ If Google Glass works—I want the contact lens version as soon as I can possibly get it—I do n't care if it 's a microwave beam powering the thing that gives me eye cancer , I 'll take it. ” Responding to a question about the next big hardware platform , Andreessen said that he thought there were about 20 years of innovation in apps left in smartphones and tablets . But he 's excited about Google 's augmented-reality platform , Project Glass .
Currently , Google Glass consists of a display perched on an eyeglasses frame , but eventually that display could be embedded in contact lenses ( someone has already built an early screen-on-a-lens prototype ) . Powering them could be a problem , however—where do you put the battery ? —so one solution could be to beam microwaves at the lenses . Continuous exposure to that level of microwave radiation might be bad for you , however , but Andreessen does n't care . “ I do n't care if you can flash-fry an egg in between the battery and the eye , I ca n't wait . ”
Dial
The dial on this model is a two-layer sandwich , with light brushed silver on the top and red underneath – visible only in the circular 24-hour indicator and as a border around the date window . The top layer is textured with vertical brushing , which will look familiar to those who have seen an old Seiko 6138-8020 in person . This is a good place to note that the SCVE003 is one of eight SCVExxx models , all with the same layout and design but with different case and/or dial accent colors . They all look nice , but none really hit the spot the way the 003 does for me . As easy and obvious as the comparison is to make , the dial 's similarity to the Japanese flag makes this one a vexillologist 's dream and appreciable to who anyone who likes simple , pretty design .
The “ rising sun , ” in this case , is the 24-hour indicator , which sits above and left of center , showing the time of day with a single hand that travels once around its circle per day . Keep in mind that this is n't a second time-zone function ; it simply repeats the time displayed by the primary hands , so when the center hands are showing 12:00 , the small hand will be straight up ( midnight ) or straight down ( noon ) .
The 24-hour indicator is marked around the outside in 3-hour increments , and those numbers are the only ones on the dial ( besides the date ) . The primary time is marked with applied stick indicators on the hours and long and short painted indices for minutes/seconds and 1/5 seconds , respectively . The bold , steel Seiko logo is applied centrally on the 3:00 side of the dial . The hands are straight and simple , nearly identical in width to the hour markers ; this creates a nice , even continuation of design from the center of the hands out to the bezel . The running center seconds hands have no tail and is painted the same bright red as the dial accents . The date window at 6:00 is proportionally sized and internally framed by the bottom layer of the dial ; this design makes finding and reading the date very easy without it looking obnoxious or out of place .
Rep. Allen West ( R-Fla. ) on Thursday said Democrats have an “ incredible propaganda machine , ” comparing Democrat proficiency to that of a Nazi administration head .
“ If Joseph Goebbels was around , he 'd be very proud of the Democrat Party , because they have an incredible propaganda machine , ” West told reporters in the House , according to multiple reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Joseph Goebbels was the head of the Minister of Propaganda in Germany while it was under the control of the Nazi party from 1933 to 1945 . The department sought to control public opinion and enforce Nazi Party ideology in Germany prior to and during World War II.West said the comparison was not between Democrats and Nazis and only applied to the quality of the propaganda .
“ You have the president , who has an incredible megaphone and a platform , and he has people all across this country believing that the only people on Capitol Hill are House Republicans . He 's not talking anything about his controlled Senate . So , it 's a great propaganda machine . And I have to give him kudos for being able to leverage that , ” West said .
House Republicans and Senate Democrats have been in direct conflict over the past several months on several issues , most recently over the payroll tax cut extension and the spending bill to fund the government . President Obama has blamed the GOP in Congress for blocking Democrat-backed proposals because they do n't want to give him a “ win. ” Republicans have also blamed Democrats for obstructionism .
The fiery Tea Party Republican West is known for fanning controversy and predicted his comment on Thursday would be used “ to demonize me and demagogue me. ” He also accused the media of “ enabling ” Democrats to get their message out .
The National Jewish Democratic Council released a statement later in the day condemning West for “ invoking the Holocaust to make a political point. ” NJDC President and CEO David A. Harris called on West to apologize to the Jewish community and “ the Americans who fought valiantly to defeat the Nazis . ''
The Trump administration filed papers Friday notifying a federal court in Maryland that it plans to appeal an order blocking his revised travel ban .
District judges in Hawaii and Maryland issued separate orders this week blocking the executive order that temporarily bans nationals from six majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. hours before it was set to take effect .
President Trump 's first order was blocked last month by a federal judge in Washington state . The 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals declined to reinstate the ban and then refused this week to rehear Trump 's case with its full panel of judges .
ADVERTISEMENT
Because Trump is challenging the Maryland judge 's decision , the next battle is in the Richmond , Va.-based 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals . If he had challenged the Hawaii judge 's ruling , it would have gone to the 9th Circuit .
At a rally in Nashville , Tenn. , on Wednesday , Trump called the revised order a “ watered-down version ” of the first one .
“ The order he blocked was a watered-down version of the first order that was also blocked by another judge and should have never been blocked to start with , ” he said .
“ It should have never been blocked to start with . This new order was tailored to the dictates to the 9th Circuit 's , in my opinion , flawed ruling . ”
In revising the order , the administration dropped Iraq from the list of banned nations , removed language that gave preference to religious minorities when the refugee program resumes , exempted legal U.S. residents and certain visa holders and indefinitely stopped the U.S. from admitting Syrian refugees . The order still bars refugee resettlement in the U.S. for 120 days .
— Updated at 4:48 p.m .
Over the past year I have heard many people talking about Advocare or using Advocare products . Lots of talk about how Advocare is the healthy choice in weight-loss or body building . I decided to check into Advocare and see how healthy their products really are . I am glad I did !
First , Advocare does not list all it 's ingredients online . Why is that ? Because they have a lot to hide . They have so much to hide that they even go as far as trying to discredit organic products . They even try to justif their reasoning for using GMO products ! Frankly , they sound stupid .
Let 's take a look at their justification of using GMOs . Here is their link , but I am also providing a screen shot just incase they ever take this down . Advocare 's View on Organic
This quote is laughable
“ Many people are either misinformed or misguided about the concepts of something being organic , natural and safe . The world 's most toxic substances are all “ natural ” and can be defined as “ organic ” . Furthermore , something that is synthetic or man-made is not automatically bad or harmful . Without a host of synthetic chemicals including antibiotics , antineoplastics , herbicides and pesticides , the life expectancy in this country would not have increased from less than 50 years of age to over 75 years of age in the last 60 years . ”
They even try to pass off high fructose corn syrup as being a natural substance that we should not be concerned about . This is a fantastic quote straight from Advocare 's website ,
“ Summary : fructose is found widely distributed in fruits and vegetables as well as in HFCS . Fructose is fructose regardless of the source ” . Also love this quote , “ There are approximately 30 sweeteners approved by the FDA for human consumption that are deemed to be safe and effective when used appropriately ” . List of sweeteners in Advocare products
When they are not using high fructose corn syrup , they are using Sucralose . Sucralose is just another name for Splenda . Splenda is a toxic artificial sweetener . Sucralose or Splenda is actually a sugar molecule , fructose molecule and three different types of Chlorine molecules . Yes , Chlorine . Splenda was actually used as a pesticide before it was used as a sweetener . When the creators discovered Splenda was sweet , they decided to market it as a sweetener . You can find more about this online . I am off on a tangent . Anyway… Advocare believes this to be part of your healthy choice in choosing their products .
Bottom line – Advocare does not care about selling you a healthy product . Just one that makes them money . Please take a moment to look into all the ingredients you are putting into your body… not just with Advocare , but with all the food you eat .
Thanks for reading 😉
Advertisements
Following the announcement , the very first concept art ( by Charlie Wen ) for Guardians of the Galaxy big-screen adaptation has been released during Marvel Studios ' panel at San Diego Comic-Con .
Marvel Studios has dubbed “ ” a “ big space epic ” that will introduce various cosmic entities from the Marvel Comics universe . The superhero team first appeared in “ ” in 1969 , created by Arnold Drake & Gene Colan . In 2008 , the team was rebooted by Dan Abnett & Andy Lanning in “ . ” The team 's live-action roster will include Star-Lord , Drax the Destroyer , Gamora , Rocket Raccoon , and Groot . And also Thanos , the villain who made his live-action debut unexpectedly duringmid-credits stinger , is expected to reprise his role . With a screenplay written by Nicole Perlman , a graduate of Disney 's screenwriting program , no director is yet attached . And distributor Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures has scheduled “ ” for release on August 1 , 2014 .
A New Westminster non-profit hammered in a recent Fraser Health Authority audit for shortcomings at its group homes for the mentally ill is firing back , saying the audit was poorly timed and its biggest challenge is inadequate funding from the health authority .
The audit found Pioneer Community Living Association , which runs seven group homes in New West and Burnaby , did not spend enough money on food for clients , failed to ensure all employees had criminal record checks , did not maintain adequate staffing levels , did not consistently update client recovery plans and lacked basic fire safety .
article continues below
The findings were featured in a recent article in the Globe and Mail , which obtained the March 2015 audit report through Freedom of Information request .
But executive director Mark Johns , who started working on the audit after only two weeks on the job , said it was poorly timed and does n't accurately reflect the quality of service provided by his organization , where he said inadequate funding continues to be the biggest challenge .
“ We run a quality service on a shoe string , basically , and it 's amazing , the dedication of our staff and the dedication of the parents and families of people that help to keep us going , ” he said .
Johns said many of the high-risk findings from the audit were the result of poor bookkeeping , not poor service , and an executive director with more time in the organization would have helped produce a more accurate report .
“ I 'm not trying to hide anything , ” he said . “ Yes , there are areas that we could do better , but we do a quality service here , and our successes speak for themselves . ”
Fraser Health seems to agree .
Pioneer has worked with the health authority – its primary funder – for more than 15 years , and officials say they have never had concerns about the non-profit 's services .
“ They 're very good providers , ” Fraser Health mental health director Meryl McDowell told the Record . “ We 've been happy with the care they 've provided our clients . ”
McDowell maintained the audit – the first of its kind in more than 15 years for Pioneer – was accurate but Fraser Health has “ made significant progress since then in understanding the findings ” with more information from Pioneer .
She went on to say the health authority is happy with Pioneer 's response to the audit and the actions the non-profit has taken .
Pioneer , which grew out of the Riverview Volunteer Society in the early 1980s , has helped thousands of people battling mental illness and addiction to reintegrate into the communities of New Westminster and Burnaby through transitional housing , according to Johns .
But his organization struggles with inadequate funding , he said .
The audit , which covered the fiscal year 2013/14 , found Pioneer was running a deficit despite maintaining minimal administrative costs and not always keeping up minimum staffing levels or spending all of its food budgets .
“ We have probably for the last five years run this program at a deficit and have continually tried to work with Fraser Health around our funding , because they 're our major funder , to get the finances a little bit more in line , ” Johns said .
A major factor in recent years has been Pioneer 's success as an employer , according to the non-profit 's president , Roseanne Rothenberg .
She said staff that started more than 30 years ago have stayed with the organization and moved up the pay scale , and some have recently retired and received sick-leave payouts and retirement bonuses as per their collective agreement .
Fraser Health 's staffing model , however , is based on employee salaries in the medium range and does n't factor in such costs , Rothenberg said .
Fraser Health finance manager Colleen Donato told the Record that Pioneer is funded fairly .
When asked if the health authority 's standardized staff-funding model was working for Pioneer , however , she said , “ In the last year , probably with the timing of some of their expenses , no . Going forward it should work for them . ”
The audit also recommended Pioneer improve its bottom line with spending cuts and fundraising , but Johns and Rothenberg said there 's no place left to cut .
“ We asked ( Fraser Health ) that , ” Rothenberg said . “ ‘ Where would you like us to cut ? ' And there 's no place that we can cut , and they know that . I believe that they 're not in a position , because of what they 're dictated by the government to cut expenses , to give us anything more . ”
As for fundraising , Rothenberg said Pioneer does n't have the staff resources or the money to hire a professional .
“ Our energies are focused more into contract work , ” she said . “ ( Fundraising ) is not an area that we 've ever know or are proficient in . The need over the last three years has dictated that we start learning . ”
Pioneer wo n't be getting any help from Fraser Health in the form of increased funding for administration , though .
“ At this point we are not helping them , ” Donato said . “ Unfortunately we can not . ”
Helmet Discount
For a fifth straight year , Ottawa Public Health has partnered with sports retailers across Ottawa to bring Ottawa residents a discount on helmets .
Helmets prevent serious brain and head injuries by absorbing the force from a fall or hit to the head .
Helmets are recommended for activities like skateboarding , rollerblading , biking , sledding , skating skiing and snowboarding .
In Ontario , it is mandatory for anyone under the age of 18 to wear a certified helmet while riding a bicycle ( Highway Traffic Act ) . Consider a cycling course in your community .
Check out the following retailers between Saturday May 14 , 2016 and Sunday May 15 , 2016 to get your helmet discount :
List of helmet retailers :
What are some helpful helmet tips ?
Parents set a good example by wearing their helmet
Do not place stickers on your helmet
Remember , anyone under the age of 18 years must wear a helmet when cycling – it 's the law
If children switch activities , they should take off the helmet . If the helmet is left on while a child plays on a play structure or climbs , the helmet chinstrap can get caught and strangle the child
Most helmets will fit into one of the following categories
Single impact : example-bicycle helmet . They are designed to protect against one impact . Must be replaced after a crash or hard hit to the head , even if you ca n't see any damage .
Multi impact : example- hockey helmet . They are designed to protect against more than one impact . Must be replaced when you see damage .
Multi Sport : does not mean that it is multi impact but that it is approved for more than one activity . Check the maker 's label for the list of activities for which the helmet can be worn safely .
What to look for when buying a helmet :
Make sure that the helmet has been safety certified . There will be a certification sticker on the inside or outside of the helmet . The Canadian Standards Association ( CSA ) has a standard for bicycle helmets .
Never buy a used helmet .
Buy a helmet that fits now and not one that a child has to grow into .
Fitting a bike helmet
Know the 2V1 rule to fit a bicycle helmet . Put the helmet on the head so it is level and so it is not tilting backwards or forwards . Then check the following :
Two fingers distance from helmet to eyebrow .
V-shape straps around each ear .
One finger between chin and fastened strap .
Instructions and illustrations provided by Parachute
When should I replace a helmet ?
After a crash or large impact .
When it does not fit anymore .
Helmets with cracks , dents or frayed and torn straps should be replaced .
Every five years after the manufacturing date for bicycle helmets ( this date will be on a sticker in or on the helmet ) .
Rolling with updated cycling laws in Ontario
Making the roads safe for people on bicycles requires the cooperation of everyone . Recently , Ontario updated its highway traffic act in an effort to encourage cycling , promote road safety and sharing of the road with all users . The updated laws are aimed to help cyclists and drivers more safely share the road .
Changes for cyclists :
If you 're out at dawn or dusk you 'll need lights on your bike ( white light on , in the front and red light on , in the back ) and reflective tape on the front and back forks . There 's a set fine of $ 110 for people who do n't have their bike properly lit .
Changes for drivers :
Drivers who ‘ door ' ( ‘ dooring ' or a ‘ door prize ' refers to someone who opens a parked motor vehicle door into the path of a cyclist or other traffic ) a cyclist will face a $ 365 fine and 3 demerit points . AND… if you choose to contest that fine , you could face up to a $ 1,000 fine and the 3 demerit points if convicted .
Drivers must stay at least 1M away from cyclists when passing them on the road . If you get convicted of passing closer than 1M you face a $ 110 fine .
Make sure you follow the new rules to avoid fines and stay safe on the roads . Remember that road safety is everyone 's responsibility and the more we work together the safer our roads become .
Do you have more questions ?
Plenty of Vim articles you 'll find online start you off in the wrong place . Instead of teaching you how Vim works , they toss a bunch of scary looking code at you , tell you to shove it in a file , and claim that it will make Vim just like Textmate / Sublime / Emacs / Visual Studio . Except way cooler ! People quickly find out that if what they want is to use their old editor , they should just use their old editor , and learn to use it as efficiently as possible .
While writing about Vim the last few weeks , I 've avoided recommending any configuration changes , other than the quick sanity vimrc I recommended in the first article , because I think it 's important to learn what sets Vim apart before trying to configure it . Not because it 's good enough without configuration ( honestly it 's not ) , but because once you understand the core , you can use configuration to build a great version of Vim instead of trying to hack together a Rube-Goldberg Textmate clone . But now that I 've covered some of the basics ( and if you have n't yet , feel free to go ahead and start at the beginning ) , it 's time to look at Vim configuration .
Basic Configuration
Configuration for Vim starts with a vimrc file . It 's a text file located by default at ~/.vimrc on * nix systems , and $ VIM\_vimrc on Windows . To begin configuration you need to open that file , creating it if it does n't exist . But before we go further , we should stop and figure out what we 're doing .
I said that configuration starts with the vimrc file , but the truth is that your vimrc is just a normal text file that Vim sources by default . The heart of Vim configuration is Vimscript , Vim 's custom scripting language . Vimscript is a full programming language , with variables and control structures . But for this article we 're going to focus on using it for configuration .
The basic commands that Vimscript uses for configuration are let , set , and map . let allows you to change a variable value with the syntax let < var-name > = < value > . set allows you to read or change an option value using set < option-name > for toggle options or set < option-name > = < option-value > for numeric or string-based options . map and its many variations allow you to create new keymappings by setting the output of one key combination to produce the value of another key combination . You can use variations on map to specify how a key sequence should behave in different vim modes .
Know what you 're configuring
Now that you know the basic commands , I could show you an example .vimrc , explain it a bit and then tell you to copy it , change the stuff you do n't like , and go on your way . The problem with that ? It leaves your vimrc file as a “ pile of junk ” , that I understand and you do n't . If I did a good job , you might understand the purpose of individual lines , but they probably would n't be the best fit for you , and you probably would n't know exactly how to make it better . In the end you 'll keep tossing junk onto it until it becomes a confusing mess you want to avoid . So instead , I 'm going to walk through the types of configurations you might want to consider , give a few examples , and let you build from there . So here are a few concepts to think about as you construct your vimrc file :
Adapt to your environment
Vi and Vim were originally developed in a low-resource terminal based environment . Many of their default settings and assumptions reflect that . Today though Vim is used in a wide variety of ways , from multimonitor Mac Pros with 16+GB of memory running multiple MacVim windows , to low memory remote servers running Vim in the terminal over ssh . If you know what your environment will look like , you can optimize Vim for your own use .
For instance , if you 're running in a high resource environment , ( and pretty much any modern laptop or desktop these days qualifies as a high resource environment ) you may want to enable some features that Vim disables by default , since those removing those features allow it to work well in very low memory situations . Some common choices :
syntax enable `` Turn on syntax highlighting set hidden `` Leave hidden buffers open set history=100 `` by default Vim saves your last 8 commands . We can handle more
On the other hand , if you know you 're going to be running remotely on low resource machines , you might choose to disable those options to minimize the load and increase speed . I 'll talk more about plugins in a later post , but they 're another thing that works much better in your local environment than on remote servers , for both performance and logistical reasons .
Add some visual niceties
If we 're honest , I think most people can agree Vim is pretty hard to look at out of the box . Very few visual affordances , no syntax highlighting or line numbers , and it 's style is dependent on your terminal color scheme or an ugly default gVim theme . But that 's pretty easy to fix . We can get syntax highlighting and line numbers with this snippet :
syntax enable set number
Getting a decent color scheme will require you to download it as a plugin , but if you 've done that or if you like one of the colorschemes that ship with your Vim distribution it 's easy to set up with colorscheme < theme-name > . Beyond that , there 's plenty more you can do to improve the visual feel of Vim . I 'd look into customizing your status bar , relative vs absolute line numbers , and plugins like Airline and Vim-Thematic .
Set up keybindings
Many of Vim 's useful commands are either not given default keybindings , or are given hard to remember obtuse ones . Do n't want to spend your whole life typing source ~/.vimrc into each file everytime you add something to your configuration ? I shortcut that to \rr .
map < leader > rr : source ~/.vimrc < CR >
You might be wondering what the notation is there . The < leader > key is a Vim convention for a key that comes before user created keystrokes . It 's meant to minimize conflicts , and allow plugins to provide default mappings while still allowing the user a bit of flexibility . The leader key can be set in your vimrc with the command let mapleader= < yourleaderkey > . The default is \ , and I would recommend leaving it that way to start . You can change it later if you find it to be inconvenient , and it does n't cause any conflicts since its the default key . Common replacements like , overwrite useful functionality that may not be immediately obvious ( , allows you to move backwards on a characterwise search for instance ) .
Configure plugins and file-type specific settings
I 'll touch more on plugins in a future post , but many of them allow extensive configuration , including setting keybindings , changing default behaviors , and enabling/disabling extra functionality . All of that happens here in the vimrc and should mostly use the let/set/map commands that we 've already seen .
You can also set file-type specific rules . Rather than placing these in your main vimrc , these go into a special “ file type plugins ” directory , ~/.vim/ftplugin . Within that directory , you can create files like javascript.vim , python.vim or html.vim , and those files will be loaded after the vimrc when you open files of that type . Using those files , you can create completely separate profiles for each file type .
Discover what 's out there
I 've intentionally avoided telling you what your vimrc should look like here . I 've tried to show you the big picture of what you can do , and now I 'll leave it to you to figure out what pieces you need to be comfortable and productive . It will be different for everybody .
My advice ? Now that you know what you 're looking for , go and take a look at other people 's configurations . Start with something like this vimrc boilerplate , and add the things you like .
It 's pretty easy to find good configurations online if you look . My vimrc file is on Github . It 's certainly not the best out there , but its relatively small and easy to follow . If you know developers you admire who use Vim , ask to see their vimrc files , or see if they have any fancy tricks to share . For those without those resources , Github 's dotfile page is a great place to look . It contains links to several very detailed “ dotfile repos ” from various developers . You do n't have to copy everything from these files ( in fact you should n't ) , but you can pull the things that look useful , get rid of things that do n't , and try things out as you slowly build up your own workspace , built to do the jobs that you need it to do .
More Resources
James Horner has signed on to score the upcoming sci-fi tentpole Ender 's Game . The film based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card is adapted for the screen and directed by Gavin Hood ( X-Men : Wolverine , Tsotsi ) . The movie stars Asa Butterfield as Andrew “ Ender ” Wiggin , a genius strategist recruited by the government to help destroy an insect-like alien race . Harrison Ford , Abigail Breslin , Hailee Steinfeld , Ben Kingsley , Viola Davis , Aramis Knight , Moises Arias , Jimmy “ Jax ” Pinchak , Suraj Partha , Conor Carroll and Khylin Rhambo are co-starring . Gigi Pritzker & Linda McDonough ( Drive , Rabbit Hole ) are producing for OddLot Entertainment and Roberto Orci & Alex Kurtzman ( Star Trek , Transformers ) are producing for their K/O Paper Products company . Also producing is Card , as well as Lynn Hendee ( The Tempest ) & Robert Chartoff ( Rocky , Raging Bull ) . Ender 's Game is set to be released in the US on November 1 , 2013 by Summit Entertainment/Lionsgate .
As previously reported , Horner has recently recorded his score for Carlo Carlei 's Romeo & Juliet starring Douglas Booth , Hailee Steinfeld , Damian Lewis , Natascha McElhone , Lesley Manville and Paul Giamatti at Abbey Road Studios in London . The film is expected to be released this fall .
nashville craigslist > jobs > sales jobs
Avoid scams and fraud by dealing locally ! Beware any deal involving Western Union , Moneygram , wire transfer , cashier check , money order , shipping , escrow , or any promise of transaction protection/certification/guarantee . More info
Date : 2014-10-06 , 2:58PM EST
Reply to this post VandyQBSearche @ job.craigslist.org [ ? ]
WANTED : Quarterback for Vanderbilt 's Men 's Football Team
Job Overview
Responsible for showing a few thousand fans that offensive production is possible for Vanderbilt in 2014 .
We are looking for an experienced quarterback , but applicants are encouraged to show creativity in showcasing and explaining previous experience . If you can double as offensive coordinator – a player/coach hybrid – please make note of this ability .
If your older , more talented , better looking brother is a current or past NFL Quarterback , additional consideration will be made .
Mandatory Skills :
Understand how to wear wristband with plays
Understand how to call plays from wristband with plays
Be able to comprehend and articulate the difference between the number 60 and the number 90
Helpful Skills :
Throwing
Running
General Athleticism
Responsibilities :
Help pull the overall Vanderbilt completion percentage above 50 % ( currently at 47.2 % ) .
Help move the Vanderbilt passing offense from No . 14 in the SEC to No . 13 – Surely , we can beat Arkansas in passing offense , they do n't even attempt to have an effective passing game !
Help provide a distraction from the reality that James Franklin is no longer our coach .
Other Information
Location : Nashville , Tennessee
Compensation : A degree ( you 'll need it because you have no shot in the NFL )
Benefits : Plenty of girls interested in being the next Kristin Cavallari ( you are encouraged to milk the Jay Cutler thing while it lasts )
Also willing to entertain interesting trades . Looking for old SEC Championship rings , Retina Macbook Pro and possible evidence of NCAA violations committed by other SEC East schools .
PostingID:382288372
Note : This is not a real ad
By NATARIO McKENZIE
Tribune Business Reporter
nmckenzie @ tribunemedia.net
BAHAMIAN merchants are “ stretched like never before ” in having to prepare for both the Christmas shopping season and Value-Added Tax ( VAT ) implementation , the Bahamas Federation of Retailers ' ( BFR ) co-chair describing January 1 as “ literally the worst date on the calendar ” to introduce tax reform .
“ The Government of the Bahamas could not have picked a worse date to implement VAT if they had deliberately tried and we , the Bahamas Federation of Retailers , told them that from the very beginning , when they first announced the date , ” said Etienne Christen .
“ We , as retailers , are all stretched very thin as a result of having to both prepare for Christmas and prepare for VAT , stretched like never before , and the economy is still slow , so that has made it even harder . ”
Mr Christen added : “ On the issue of the implementation date , the Government ignored the private sector completely . January 1 is quite literally the worst date on the calendar to have implemented a new tax .
“ Businesses need Christmas sales to survive , and making businesses focus on VAT implementation while they should be focused on their customers and Christmas sales proved definitively that the Bahamian government simply does not understand the reality and complexity of doing business in the Bahamas and , in their communications with us , did n't seem to care very much about that fact , which is the really sad part .
“ As a young business owner , this experience has taught me a lot about our government 's attitude towards businesses - businesses that pay taxes and create employment , and are now being asked to be the Government 's tax collectors to boot . Needless to say , we were n't very impressed . Our success or failure determines the success or failure of the tax , and this reality seems completely lost on the Government . ”
Mr Christen said the retail sector had repeatedly warned the Christie administration that VAT preparation in December would be a “ massive distraction ” , and would ultimately cost the Government thousands of dollars in lost revenue as it would impact how much inventory businesses imported for the Holiday Season .
“ The Government ignored us . We can only hope that everything works out for the best at this point , but confidence in government , which was low to start , has been deeply shaken and eroded by this experience , ” he said .
“ Instead of working with businesses , the Government worked over and above them . Despite all the platitudes in the paper about working closely with the business community , ultimately , the Government has not listened to us more than they have listened to us . ”
Mr Christen said the Federation was still hoping for an “ 11th hour deferment ” of the VAT implementation date to February 1 . “ This would be a massive lift to everyone and would substantially boost confidence , Christmas sales and thus , the overall economy , ” he argued .
“ At this point , we can only hope that the Government embraces exclusive pricing so that the implementation and transition to a VAT system are as fluid and seamless as possible . If they listen , it would be a most pleasant surprise . Given that it is the Holiday Season and the time of miracles , we are still hopeful that they will see the light . ”
Michael Halkitis , minister of state for finance , earlier this week said he was very confident in the Government 's readiness to implement VAT on January 1 .
He added that he planned to make a formal presentation in the House of Assembly next week on VAT preparation and readiness , as well as give an update on Customs and real property tax modernisation and expenditure control , before Parliament breaks for the holidays . According to Mr Halkitis , nearly 5,000 business have registered for VAT .
The Federation , though , has warned that the Government 's insistence on VAT inclusive pricing imposes “ a massive administrative cost on businesses , as everything in the country will need to be re-priced , re-ticketed , reprinted or relabeled ” .
“ VAT inclusive pricing will necessitate the re-pricing , relabeling or retagging of millions of items across all of the retail stores and other businesses in the Bahamas . From car brochures to menus , from posted service charges at the dentist 's office to clothing , shoes , electronics and car parts , every item or service currently being sold or traded in the Bahamas will have to be re-priced come January 1 , as the law is currently written , ” it has warned .
It also warned that thousands of extra labour hours would be required , with companies having to call in employees during the holiday season to transition to VAT inclusive pricing .
“ Essentially , this approach would ensure that the administrative costs of VAT compliance will be incredibly and unnecessarily high , ” the Federation said previously
“ Many Bahamian businesses do n't have POS systems , so they will have to manually re-price everything .
“ Yes , the Government has given an extension for re-pricing , but that will cause confusion for customers as , depending on which store they are in , they wo n't know if that particular store has ‘ inclusive ' pricing already in place or if VAT will be added at the register .
“ With any tax reform , high administrative costs associated with compliance translate into a lack of compliance , thus reducing the effectiveness of the tax 's implementation and collection . ”
Acting on the premise that the trailer for the low-budget film `` Innocence of Muslims '' was one of the causes of rioting and anti-American protests across the Middle East this week , the Obama Administration has asked YouTube to `` review '' whether the two-minute preview `` violates the Website 's terms of service , '' a phrase that usually means the government wants the `` offending '' item deleted .
That move led the blogger at the conservative Ace of Spades Website to charge that the federal government is `` now acting as the censorship arm of Islamists . ''
`` If we 're going to have anti-blasphemy laws , I want them official and passed by Congress and reviewed by the courts , '' he stated . `` I do n't want this executive-only implementation of a despicable law . ''
Ace referred to a Los Angeles Times article by Harriet Ryan and Jessica Garrison that examined the backgrounds of two Egyptian immigrants behind the project : Joseph Nassralla Abdelmasih of the Media for Christ organization and Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , `` a financially strapped gas station operator just out of prison . ''
Media for Christ , whose stated mission is to `` glow Jesus ' light '' to the world , obtained permits to shoot the movie in August 2011 , and Nakoula provided his home as a set and paid the actors , according to government officials and the people involved in the production .
As the tumult grew on Thursday , both men went into hiding , and the persons who helped make the film have publicly distanced themselves from the project .
Neither the charity nor the men have been a focus of hate groups or law enforcement officials who monitor extremists , Ryan and Garrison noted . Their status as relative unknowns is the opposite of the reputation of Steve Klein , an anti-Islamic activist who had publicly acknowledged serving as a script consultant on the movie .
Klein 's views have been tracked by Muslims and other groups for years . One of his platforms was his weekly show on Media for Christ 's satellite network , The Way TV , which mainly airs prayers , sermons and hymns to Arabic Christian viewers in the U.S. , Canada and the Middle East .
But in recent years , Nassralla has joined Klein in criticizing Islam in speeches and interviews .
In a 2010 address in New York , Nassralla criticized violence against Christians in Egypt and deplored plans to build a mosque near the former World Trade Center site . `` Wake up , America ... Stop the Islamification of America , '' he said .
`` I fled to America with my family because of the violence directed against me for my Christian faith , '' Nassralla was quoted as saying last year on an anti-Islamic Website .
At the time of this writing , the trailer video had not been removed :
Ace of Spades also slammed the Times article because it `` does , yes , tell jihadists where the filmmaker lives , so they can kill him . ''
An actor who appeared in the movie , Tim Dax , said he was paid $ 75 a day in checks drawn on the bank account of Abanob Bassseley Nakoula -- a name linked to the property where Nakoula Basseley Nakoula resides . The home 's distinctive front door with triangle windows in a half-circle pattern is visible in the 14-minute trailer for the movie posted on YouTube .
Two film trailers for the production were released on YouTube in early July . Those clips were dubbed into Arabic and then spread by an Egyptian American blogger .
On September 8 , a two-minute excerpt was shown on Al-Nas TV , an Egyptian Islamist television station . Protests against the film and America itself began on the 11th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on U.S. targets .
In a sign of the volatile reaction to `` Innocence , '' even the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church has issued a statement condemning the funding and production of the film .
Coptic Christianity traces its roots to Egypt , where it was said to have been founded by one of Christ 's apostles . Its followers constitute the largest religious minority in that nation .
And as NewsBusters previously reported , Islam 's media apologists are still excusing and ignoring the violence connected in part to the release of the film .
LONDON — Parliament is asking Facebook , Twitter and other internet companies for information about Russian efforts to use social media to influence the British vote to leave the European Union , expanding on several parallel American congressional investigations around the election of President Trump .
The British inquiry adds to the mounting pressure for more disclosure from the internet giants , which have already acknowledged broad Russian efforts to influence national elections in both the United States and France .
Any indication of Russian meddling in the British vote last year to leave the European Union could raise doubts about the integrity of the outcome , further complicating the already vexed domestic politics surrounding the departure , commonly called Brexit .
The Kremlin , which has long viewed the European Union as a threat , had a strong interest in promoting the groups that favored Britain 's leaving the bloc . And the most visible tools of Russian propaganda , like the English-language broadcaster RT and the news agency Sputnik , heavily supported the initiative . The leave camp won with 52 percent of ballots cast , about 1.3 million more votes than the remain side drew .
There 's a strong feeling of déjà vu amongst Fiorentina fans these days . A summer overhaul saw Federico Chiesa become the poster boy for La Viola and the 20-year-old winger is making the most of his opportunity . They may be tenth in Serie A , and not living up to pre-season expectations just yet , but a Chiesa is once again the talk of Florence .
It sounds familiar because it is . Enrico Chiesa , Federico 's father , emerged as the face of the new Fiorentina back at the start of the 2000/01 season . The club had failed to keep hold of Gabriel Batistuta , who left to join Roma , and it was Chiesa who stepped up to replace the legendary striker nicknamed “ Batigol ” .
Chiesa Sr. became the main attacker for the club under manager Roberto Mancini and went on to score 22 goals in 30 matches , striking up an understanding with Portuguese playmaker Rui Costa .
Fast-forward 17 years and Fiorentina kicked off the 2017/18 season having lost Borja Valero and Federico Bernardeschi , two key players from last season 's campaign , to Inter Milan and Juventus respectively .
They say chaos creates opportunity . This was Federico 's chance to push on and become an integral part of the first team , and that 's exactly what he 's done , even in these early stages of the season .
Like father , like son .
It 's highly unlikely he 'll emulate his father 's achievements from almost two decades ago . Chiesa Jr. inherited many things from his dad – he 's quick , strong and hardworking – but a natural goal-scorer he is not .
The left winger has quickly cemented himself as one of Europe 's rising stars , and could soon find himself being the main man of a new look , youthful Italian national team .
Pietro Pellegri , Patrick Cutrone , Lorenzo Pellegrini and Andrea Conti are all impressing this season and could , alongside Chiesa , be starring for Italy at the 2022 World Cup if they continue developing at their current rate .
What makes Chiesa special ?
It 's a bit like asking what makes some of the world 's best today so special ? They 're all explosive . Not just physically , but mentally , too .
People often claim a player would n't be anything special without their blistering pace . But throughout history there have been countless players with an abundance of pace who are n't as quick in the mind . They were n't bad players but it shows having pace to burn does n't automatically make you a better footballer .
Of course , speed helps in the modern game and Chiesa has it .
But it 's his footballing brain , and how he seemingly sees two steps ahead of most , that really helps him to stand out . Coupled with his boundless energy and his desire to succeed , it 's easy to see why so many of Europe 's top clubs are keeping a close eye on his development .
He showcased many of his strengths against Atalanta . The home side play the ball long and Chiesa drifts in field , showing anticipation , from his wide-left starting position . Cyril Théréau wins the header for Fiorentina and flicks it on but it loops up and bounces kindly for the away side 's defenders .
However , Chiesa is on his toes and manages to poke the ball into the space before they 're able to clear it .
He continues his run across the face of the Atalanta goal before emphatically firing the ball home from the edge of the area . He was tenacious enough to win the ball when it was very much favouring the defender . He then took the shot early before the defender closest to him and the goalkeeper were able to set themselves properly .
It was a brilliant goal and owed nothing to his pace and everything to his quick thinking .
Like all highly-rated attackers these days , he 's not shy about doing the dirty work . He 's averaging 1.7 tackles and 0.5 interceptions per 90 minutes this season , showing he 's switched on when it comes to the defensive side of the game .
In the above picture you see Chiesa circled red . He 's tracked back into his defensive third to help the home side keep Bologna at bay . The ball bounces loose and the Fiorentina man is the first to react . He could just play the ball to his team-mate closest to the bottom of the picture , but instead takes it on himself to drive the team forward .
He 's carried the ball into the away side 's half and in the process taken three players out of the game . His quick change of direction enabled him to breeze past the two chasing players and now he 's running at the three defenders .
He showed no fear and managed to turn a five on two situations into a three on two . That sort of confidence and aggression is what all top coaches want to see from their attackers .
Chiesa 's run comes to an end 30 yards from goal . His curled effort is weak and easily saved – he should have played the ball to his left to his team-mate but , due to a combination of inexperience and the impressive number of goals he 's scored from distance , decided to shoot . His decision-making will no doubt improve the more time he spends on the pitch .
Chiesa has gone from his own penalty area to the opposition 's in the space of six seconds , and this was n't a free run – he had to waltz past players in his path .
But just from the one picture you see what Chiesa is all about : he petrifies teams and it 's why five players are all scrambling to stop him .
The goal he scored against Bologna was the sort top players score on a regular basis . It looked easy but it 's far from it . A long ball is played into him to the left of the penalty area , as shown in the picture above , and he brings it under his spell . The away side know he 's primarily right footed so look to clog up the central area to stop him doing so .
He feints to go down the outside , supported by the overlap , before quickly chopping back onto his right foot . He managers to carve out space in the penalty area before unleashing a curling effort into the top corner to put his side ahead . It 's a moment of brilliance and something Arjen Robben has made a career out of doing .
The annoying thing for the opposition is they know what he 's going to do but ca n't do anything to stop it . If Chiesa manages to master this move he 's going to be a goal threat for the rest of his career .
He 's already been named as a Liverpool transfer target , with the Reds rumoured to be ready to battle it out with Chelsea , Tottenham Hotspur , Roma , Inter Milan and Juventus for his signature . But Chiesa is likely to be fully focused on helping Fiorentina climb the table ; it 's going to keep him grounded and , in the long run , it 'll be beneficial to his development .
It 's too early to say that he 'll definitely surpass his father 's achievements as a player – over 300 top-flight appearances and Cup Winners ' Cup and UEFA Cup winners ' medals – but Cheisa has got every opportunity of becoming a name in his own right .
This is part three of a three-part series on Uber . Read parts one and two .
Outraged taxi drivers the world over telling anyone who will listen that Uber is the devil in corporate form makes it tough , even for those so inclined , to blithely accept at face value the company 's argument that it 's just a technology firm disrupting a sheltered industry .
It would be nice if that were the case . Easier .
But nothing is ever that easy , is it ? And neither is Uber .
In fairness , you could say there 's much to like about a company that can deliver a prompt ride at the push of a button , often at a cheaper price than cabs . So far , so good .
But that 's only the beginning of the Uber discussion . A closer look at the company 's particular brand of disobedience could quickly become unsettling .
Uber may like to cast itself as a harmless scofflaw that 's willing to bend a few rules for the greater good , but legal experts say its practices are hardly benign .
Uber 's confrontational approach to changing regulation is taking direct aim at the taxi industry . ( Alistair Steele/CBC )
Working for its own narrow self-interest , the company 's systemic disregard for regulations — a stratagem termed `` corporate nullification '' — can undermine the laws of the land that everyone else follows .
`` This is n't just an Uber problem . If they get away with it , every company will do this ; every company will become a platform and just say 'oh , the laws do n't apply to us . ' If we enter into that stage , then it 's game over for vast swathes of business regulation : environmental , insurance , civil rights , worker protection , consumer protection , that 's all gone , '' said Frank Pasquale , a law professor at the University of Maryland .
`` People do n't see the stakes of it , they think 'oh well , you know , we have to disrupt taxi cabs and we have to get this stuff done , ' but it does n't have to be done on Uber 's terms . The stakes could n't be higher in terms of the ability of these platforms to just get out of regulation . ''
Gig economy
In the here and now , of course , warnings about the consequences of corporations flouting the rule of law can feel abstract compared to the immediate gratification of getting a cheaper ride to the airport .
That may soon change . While researchers have n't yet reached a consensus on the number of workers participating in the so-called gig economy , most agree that new forms of contract employment made possible by companies like Airbnb , TaskRabbit and Uber are on the rise .
In the U.S. , a recent poll suggests more than one in five Americans have participated in this type of on-demand contract employment . Part of the conversation now taking place there , which is beginning to migrate to Canada , involves asking what responsibilities 21st-century companies will have to workers , as well as the rest of society .
As it stands , employers and employees both pay to fund programs such as health care , employment insurance , Old Age Security and other parts of the social safety net . The question of who will cover those costs if the nature of work changes to include fewer traditional full-time positions — not to mention the fate of worker protections such as overtime and minimum wage — is still in search of an answer .
Indeed , the recent popularization of the term `` gig economy '' reflects this evolution of the work world to include more part-time and contract employment and fewer of the full-time jobs that have traditionally been the bedrock of the middle class .
As for the more well-known term , `` sharing economy , '' it 's losing ground amidst a growing recognition that sharing is n't really part of the equation . A transaction in which a passenger pays a driver would n't seem to be any different from what happens with a taxi . Yet taking a cab is n't known as sharing a ride .
Emotions erupt on busy downtown Toronto street during anti-Uber demonstration by taxi drivers 1:13
Wrapping itself in the language of the sharing economy , however , allows Uber to align itself with values like co-operation , sustainability and community . It 's a smart play , if disingenuous , particularly insofar as it helps to bathe a business model that 's so nakedly commercial in a kinder , gentler light . Uber , as is often pointed out , is libertarian to its core , whether it 's the company 's attempts to dismantle regulation or its belief in the righteousness of the unfettered free market .
What happens to cabbies ?
None of this , of course , makes Uber an evil corporation . At the same time , the speed at which the company , among the fastest-growing startups in the history of Silicon Valley , is crashing through the world puts it at the centre of any number of questions .
Many taxi drivers say they ca n't compete with a company that is n't governed by the same strict , and costly , regulations . ( John Rieti/CBC ) On the front lines of those looking for answers is the taxi industry . The existing system may be flawed , overregulated , and too costly , but that does n't mean cabbies should just be written off as collateral damage — the result of rule changes inspired by the financial ambitions of a single company .
By pushing cities into making immediate changes , though , Uber is manufacturing a binary choice . To limit the decision to Uber or the current flawed system , however , is a false construct . The taxi system does n't need to be overhauled tomorrow and changes could come in many different ways that allow for ride-hailing services while also protecting existing taxi drivers .
`` The main problem is it 's not an empty space , '' said Mariana Valverde , a professor at the University of Toronto and an urban law expert . `` Uber is coming in and they 're combining the power of a big , U.S.-based corporation with lots of lobbyists and lots of money , on the one hand , with a total disregard for regulations and rules . Taxi drivers have played by the rules and they 've often followed really strict , often quite picky and annoying rules , and they 're seeing their livelihoods vanish . ''
Big issues
The back-and-forth between Uber and the taxi industry opens up any number of considerations , ranging from practical to theoretical to troubling .
If Uber 's continued success pushes existing taxi fleets out of business , it 's worth wondering what happens to fares . The company 's introduction of surge pricing , which allows the price of rides to float when demand outstrips supply , points in a direction that may have customers yearning for the regulated days of yore . A market monopoly may never come to pass , but Uber 's success to date , combined with the controversies that surge pricing have already inspired , does n't make it a comforting thought .
Uber 's introduction of surge pricing , which allows the price of rides to float when demand outstrips supply , may one day have customers yearning for the regulated days of yore if a market monopoly is ever reached . ( The Canadian Press )
The us-versus-them dynamic that 's developed between Uber and cab companies is also too often accompanied by an ugly undercurrent of racism that targets the ethnic makeup of the taxi industry . To be clear , this is n't Uber 's fault per se , but it is an element of the ongoing confrontation that needs to be better recognized , understood and defused .
The many issues surrounding Uber can also become an issue in itself . As tales of Uber 's unsavoury tactics continue to circulate , how does someone who just wants to take an Uber across town reconcile the tension between wanting to be a good citizen , yet also a savvy consumer at the same time .
One theory , put forward by Robert Reich , suggests that no one can be blamed for seeking out a cheaper ride , regardless of how conflicted they may feel about the company offering the service . Our consumer selves , he says , are wired to look for the best deal possible and , on some level , we 've made peace with what that entails . At the same time , he continues , serious thought must also be given to the responsibilities of citizenship .
As Uber inspires changes to the existing system , the idea of what our citizen selves might contribute to the discussion is worth considering . Yes , change is going to happen and outdated regulations need to be updated . How those changes happen , though , also matters a great deal . And not just to cabbies .
Powerful voices on Wall Street are expressing concern that President Donald Trump is n't going to be everything that investors had hoped for .
In recent days , three of the nation 's largest banks have issued reports that highlight the risks that come with a Trump presidency . They are warning investors to be careful .
U.S. stocks soared right after Trump 's election because investors were eager for the corporate tax reform , regulatory relief and infrastructure spending he promised .
Instead , in his first few weeks of office , Trump has highlighted several controversial issues that businesses generally oppose , such as dropping out of trade deals and imposing new limits on immigration . And it may be hard to win approval for the parts of Trump 's agenda that Wall Street does like amid stark political polarization .
Related : Will Trump kill the Trump rally ?
`` The Trump Agenda presents risks in both directions ; tax cuts and infrastructure funding could boost growth but could be offset by the negative effects of restrictions on trade and immigration , '' said a note from Goldman Sach ( GS ) 's economists . `` One month into the year , the balance of risks is somewhat less positive in our view . ''
`` The recent difficulty congressional Republicans have had in moving forward on Obamacare repeal does not bode well for reaching a quick agreement on tax reform or infrastructure funding , and reinforces our view that a fiscal boost , if it happens , is mostly a 2018 story , '' it added .
A separate Goldman note on Monday said that it now forecasts the S & P to rise to 2,400 by the end of March , but fade to 2,300 by the end of this year , near where it now stands .
Also this week , Wells Fargo ( WFC ) pointed to the problems posed by the protests and political unrest that has marked the early weeks of the Trump administration .
`` Controversial policies and geopolitical events could impede the progress of U.S. and global economic recoveries , '' it said in a note on Monday . `` The potential for disruption is ever-present . The possibility of a near-term pullback in equity and commodity markets has us more conservatively positioned in most portfolios than in recent quarters . ''
Wells Fargo also expects markets to end 2017 about where they are today .
Related : Trump 's isolationism is bad for business
A Bank of America ( BAC ) note out Monday suggests that the relatively low U.S. unemployment rate will make it difficult for the economy to kick into a higher gear , as predicted by Trump . The report added that the president 's plans for spending on infrastructure may simply lead to higher wage inflation and a stronger dollar , which in turn could make it harder for U.S. goods to compete overseas .
`` The risks of a recession rise as an economy approaches full employment and begins to overheat , '' it said .
Of course Wall Street analysts have been wrong about the market and Trump before .
Before the election , many analysts predicted a decline for U.S. stocks if Trump won . Citi analysts specifically forecast an immediate 3 % to 5 % drop in U.S. stocks . Macroeconomic Advisers predicted an 8 % drop .
But when he did win , U.S. stocks took off on a `` Trump rally . '' The S & P climbed about 7 % between election day and his Jan. 20 inauguration . The Dow climbed nearly 10 % between the election and Jan. 25 to reach 20,000 for the first time in history .
But that rally has essentially stalled in the weeks since then .
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said on Wednesday that he 's hoping to start a “ dialogue ” with the National Rifle Association about proposals to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Well I 'm gon na be looking at it very , very seriously — the terror watchlist and the no-fly list , ” he said during an interview with Fox News 's “ On the Record . ”
“ I 'm gon na be talking to the NRA about that and starting a dialogue . I think a lot of people agree with me , but I want to hear what they have to say . They 've endorsed me , they 're terrific people — they love this country , '' he said .
Earlier on Wednesday , Trump tweeted about his plans to meet with the group , again noting that they have endorsed him .
I will be meeting with the NRA , who has endorsed me , about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list , or the no fly list , to buy guns . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 15 , 2016
`` A number of people have brought this to my attention , and I understand why we should be discussing it , '' Trump added on Wednesday .
Trump 's plans to discuss implementing measures to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists come amid a Democratic takeover of the Senate floor to push for gun control in light of the mass shooting in Orlando , Fla .
The NRA has said that it is in favor of delaying gun sales to suspected terrorists while the FBI investigates .
YEREVAN ( Reuters ) - Armenia 's Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamyan is expected to resign on Thursday , a source close to the government said , after an economic slowdown this year and outbreaks of violence prompted the president to call for a new government .
The source told Reuters the ruling Republican Party would discuss Abrahamyan 's possible resignation on Thursday . “ There are all indications that this decision will be announced tomorrow , ” the source said .
A spokesman for President Serzh Sarksyan , who proposed in August a “ government of national accord ” , declined to comment . Local media said that the decision was likely to be announced on Thursday at the Republican Party 's executive council session .
Abrahamyan was appointed prime minister two years ago . In 2015 Armenia 's economy started to deteriorate - economic growth slowed to 3 percent in 2015 from 3.5 percent in 2014 and below the government 's growth forecast of 4.1 percent . The government expects 2.2 percent economic growth in 2016 .
Armenia , a country of 3.2 million people , depends heavily on aid and investment from former Soviet overlord Russia , whose economic downturn has hit Armenian exports and much-needed remittances from Armenians working there .
The government has also faced political challenges , including a flare-up of violence in Azerbaijan 's breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh region in April between Armenian-backed separatists and Azeri forces .
Two months later a group of 30 armed men seized the police station and took hostages in the Armenian capital Yerevan . Two police officers were killed during a two-week stand-off , before gunmen surrendered to the authorities .
The incident led to mass protests in the capital , when people took to the streets to secure the release of a jailed opposition politician and resignation of the government and the president .
Shortly after that Sarksyan said that radical reforms in political and social life were needed . He said it was necessary to form “ a government of national accord ” to provide a broader distribution and division of political responsibility .
Local media reported on Wednesday that Abrahamyan might be replaced by the 53-year-old technocrat Karen Karapetyan , a former head of the national gas distributing company ArmRosGazprom and later Yerevan mayor .
After leaving the post of mayor , he moved to Moscow , to be appointed as the first vice-president of Gazprombank . He currently serves as the Russian gas distribution company Gazprom mezhregiongaz 's deputy CEO .
Experts say the new government is likely to be temporary and the final configuration will emerge only after the parliamentary election of 2017 and the end of Sarksyan 's second term in 2018 , when the full transition from the semi-presidential form of government to a parliamentary republic will be completed .
The ABC7 News I-Team has exclusive new information about what 's turning out to be a complicated case -- a firefighter apparently under the influence driving a ladder truck and hitting a motorcycle . The I-Team has obtained surveillance video showing the collision and uncovered new information about a corruption investigation into the San Francisco Fire Department .
The victim from that motorcycle crash in June now has an attorney , and they sent a claim this week to the city and county of San Francisco , the first step to a lawsuit . In addition to the DUI case against the firefighter , I 've learned there 's now another criminal investigation into his colleagues , who may have tried to cover for him .
Firefighter Michael Quinn , 43 , had just left station one in a ladder truck on a Saturday night in June , on what turned out to be a false alarm . He drove three blocks until the surveillance video picks up . That 's 5th Street heading right to left . The motorcycle came west on Howard , the road that 's top to bottom .
Quinn blew through a red light and smashed into the motorcycle , sending the rider into a fire hydrant . Fire department rules state the driver has to have control of an intersection before going through . That did not happen in this case .
I can now identify the victim as 50-year-old Jack Frazier of Daly City . He suffered several broken ribs , a punctured lung , broken leg , ankle , foot , and neck and back injuries . He was in the hospital for a month and continues rehabilitation to this day .
Through a lawyer , Frazier declined to be interviewed . But his attorney emailed a statement that reads in part , `` He remains in a wheelchair . He stills faces at least one more surgery , and it 's unlikely that he will ever fully recover from his injuries . Mr. Frazier is cooperating with the District Attorney 's Office . ''
Sources say firefighters from the ladder truck took Quinn into a nearby bar , The Chieftain , and he began chugging water . That 's also captured on a surveillance camera . He left the bar , and hours later , Quinn 's blood alcohol level tested at .13 , over the .08 the legal limit , and a violation of the department 's zero tolerance policy .
I 've learned police have launched a corruption investigation into the firefighters who may have tried to help Quinn avoid arrest , by chugging that water . Sources tell me , several of them denied calling or texting Quinn that night , until investigators showed them their phone records .
On Thursday by phone , Chief Joanne Hayes-White confirmed she sent a letter to the fire commission recommending that Quinn be fired . She also told me the department 's investigation is almost done and she 'll have to decide whether other firefighters from station one violated department rules as well .
Hayes-White told me she would call back about an on-camera interview , but did n't . So I showed up at a fire commission meeting late Thursday afternoon .
Noyes : `` How does a firefighter drink on the job , get behind the wheel , and no one stops him ? ''
Hayes-White : `` So , that 's all being looked at . We have an administrative investigation , and the police department , with whom we 're cooperating fully , has a criminal investigation on that . ''
San Francisco City Attorney Press Secretary Matt Dorsey issued this statement about the claim , `` We 've just received the claim , and we 're in the process of evaluating it . We obviously take it seriously , and we hope we can resolve the issue in a way that 's fair to the claimant as well as taxpayers . ''
Quinn 's attorney told me late Thursday he does not believe charges will be filed against the firefighter , that 's there 's no proof he was drunk at the time of the crash . Quinn has not been charged yet with DUI . A source close to the firefighters tells me Quinn knows his life as a firefighter is over , and he 's trying to figure out what he 'll do next .
5 facts you may not know about Lincoln 's assassination
From the moment Abraham Lincoln was elected president of the United States on November 6 , 1860 , he was no stranger to death threats . In fact , he compiled a vast array of menacing letters in a White House desk folder - labeled `` A '' for assassination . On this day : The murder of Abraham Lincoln 20 photos Despite pervasive anti-Lincoln sentiment in the South , the president never feared for his life . Yet he did have a deep foreboding about his demise , according to historian Harold Holzer , one of the country 's leading authorities on Lincoln . `` He did n't believe assassination was in the American spirit , '' Holzer said . `` He was also fatalistic and said , 'If someone wants to get at me , there is nothing I can do to prevent it . ' '' There was certainly nothing Lincoln could do on the evening of April 14 , 1865 when John Wilkes Booth entered the presidential box at Ford 's Theatre . The stage actor fatally shot Lincoln in the back of the head , triggering a manhunt for the murderer and his conspirators and a long period of national mourning . While the major events surrounding Lincoln 's death are well chronicled , some fascinating details are less known . Read on to learn five surprising anecdotes about the 16th president of the United States and his assassin .
1 . Lincoln once saw John Wilkes Booth in a play Lithograph depicting Abraham Lincoln 's assassin , actor John Wilkes Booth , being goaded by a Mephistophelian figure to shoot the unsuspecting president , who is visible in a theater box beyond . John L. Magee/Library of Congress Lincoln not only saw John Wilkes Booth perform in a play but he saw him at Ford 's Theatre , which would become `` the scene of Booth 's final act , '' says Harold Holzer , author of the new book , `` President Lincoln Assassinated ! '' Just a few days before delivering the Gettysburg Address in 1863 , Lincoln went to the theater to see a play called `` The Marble Heart '' - a translated French production in which Booth played the villain . During the play , according to Holzer , Booth would direct many of his villainous speeches directly toward the presidential box , prompting a theater companion to tell Lincoln : `` He almost seems to be reciting these lines to you . '' Lincoln is said to have replied : `` He does talk very sharp at me , does n't he ? ''
2 . Booth may have come close to killing Lincoln six weeks earlier A scene in front of the Capitol during Lincoln 's second inauguration , 1865 , just six weeks before his assassination . AP Photo Six weeks before he successfully killed Lincoln , John Wilkes Booth displayed how easy it was to get to the president . On Inauguration Day , March 5 , 1865 , Booth positioned himself behind stanchions in the Capitol Rotunda . He lay in wait as Lincoln came out of the Senate chamber to head out to the portico to deliver his second inaugural address . Booth lunged beyond the stanchions with a crazed look in his eyes , according to the person who stopped him . Holzer says that was a moment when Booth may have shot Lincoln at close range . While he did n't pull the trigger , he did n't leave the venue . Photographs of the inauguration show Booth lurking in an upper balcony watching Lincoln give one of his most renowned speeches . `` Murder was on his mind for quite a few weeks , '' Holzer said .
3 . Booth vowed Lincoln 's speech on April 11 , 1865 would be his last U.S. President Abraham Lincoln is seen in a stereo photo card from the archives of the Library of Congress taken by U.S. government photographer Lewis Emory Walker in Washington February , 1865 . REUTERS/Library of Congress/Anthony Berger On April 11 , 1865 , the president delivered a speech on Reconstruction from a White House window . In the speech , Lincoln declared that the time had come to give voting rights to African-Americans , becoming the first president in American history to make such a proposition . On the White House lawn listening to the speech was Booth and one of his co-conspirators . According to one witness , Holzer says , Booth bristled at Lincoln 's words , declaring that the president 's message `` means negro equality . '' He then turned to his comrade and said : `` That 's the last speech he 'll ever make . '' Booth made good on his word just three nights later .
4 . Booth also wanted to kill Ulysses S. Grant on April 14 , 1865 This is an undated photo of a sketch of Gen. Ulysses S. Grant . AP Photo The advertisements for `` Our American Cousin '' at Ford 's Theater on Good Friday in 1865 promised that President Lincoln and the First Lady would be accompanied by General Ulysses S. Grant and his wife . The announcement was welcome news to Booth . `` Booth believed he could kill both of them , '' Holzer says . `` His plan was to dismember the Union government . '' But Booth 's grandiose plans were foiled by tension between the spouses of the Civil War hero and commander in chief . Gen. Grant 's wife , Julia , despised Mary Todd Lincoln and dreaded the prospect of spending the evening with the first lady . Accordingly , the Grants declined the invitation , saying they had planned to visit their children in New Jersey . Had Julia Grant and Mary Lincoln been on better terms , the tragedy at Ford 's Theater likely would have unfolded very differently . Grant would have either become one of Booth 's victims or he would have stopped the assassination , Holzer said . Grant was confident that the latter would have happened . `` It was something he regretted for the rest of his life , '' Holzer said .
Could the pressure from mobile , and the internal tensions , tear Wikipedia apart ? A world without it seems unimaginable , but consider the fate of other online communities . Founded in 1985 , at the dawn of the Internet , the Well , the self-proclaimed “ birthplace of the online community movement , ” hosted an influential cast of dot-com luminaries on its electronic bulletin board discussion forums . By 1995 , it was in steep decline , and today it is a shell of its former self . Blogging , celebrated a decade ago as pioneering an exciting new form of personal writing , has decreased significantly in the social-media age .
These are existential challenges , but they can still be addressed . There is no other significant alternative to Wikipedia , and good will toward the project — a remarkable feat of altruism — could hardly be higher . If the foundation needed more donations , it could surely raise them .
The real challenges for Wikipedia are to resolve the governance disputes — the tensions among foundation employees , longtime editors trying to protect their prerogatives , and new volunteers trying to break in — and to design a mobile-oriented editing environment . One board member , María Sefidari , warned that “ some communities have become so change-resistant and innovation-averse ” that they risk staying “ stuck in 2006 while the rest of the Internet is thinking about 2020 and the next three billion users . ”
For the last few years , the Smithsonian Institution , the National Archives and other world-class institutions , libraries and museums have collaborated with Wikipedia 's volunteers to improve accuracy , quality of references and depth of multimedia on article pages . This movement dates from 2010 , when the British Museum saw that Wikipedia 's visitor traffic to articles about its artifacts was five times greater than that of the museum 's own website . Grasping the power of Wikipedia to amplify its reach , the museum invited a Wikipedia editor to work with its curatorial staff . Since then , similar parternships have been set up with groups like the Cochrane Collaboration , a nonprofit organization that focuses on evidence-based health care , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
These are vital opportunities for Wikipedia to tap external expertise and enlarge its base of editors . It is also the most promising way to solve the considerable and often-noted gender gap among Wikipedia editors ; in 2011 , less than 15 percent were women .
The worst scenario is an end to Wikipedia , not with a bang but with a whimper : a long , slow decline in participation , accuracy and usefulness that is not quite dramatic enough to jolt the community into making meaningful reforms .
No effort in history has gotten so much information at so little cost into the hands of so many — a feat made all the more remarkable by the absence of profit and owners . In an age of Internet giants , this most selfless of websites is worth saving .
Mother Jones did a 6000 word piece on the Men 's Human Rights Movement and got it wrong in so many ways , and left out so much crucial information , it 's hard to know what to say . Here 's a comment I left on the article :
The namesake of this magazine is Mary ( Mother ) Jones , a woman who stood up for the rights of men . ​Her husband was an ironworker and organizer of the National Union of Iron Moulders . After​ his early death Mother Jones honored her husband by becoming a highly successful union organizer fighting for the rights of working men . She dedicated her life to helping men get a fair deal and did so with great gusto and aplomb . Far from a suffragette she is often quoted as having said “ You do n't need the vote to raise hell . ”
The irony of this article is overwhelming .
​The real Mother Jones fought for the rights of men who worked in the death professions . That is , those jobs that have a very high mortality rate . The jobs that are populated almost entirely by men who are sacrificing their own safety in order to provide for their families and loved ones . Workplace death is actually one of the many men 's issues that the author omitted from bringing up in this article . Rather than compliment the people who are working towards helping with this issue and these men her article instead attempts to denigrate and marginalize those working for the human rights of men and boys by name calling those folks haters and trolls . I do wonder if Ms. Blake thinks of Mother Jones as a hater and troll ?
Yet , despite her radicalism , Mother Jones was no feminist . She did not support the suffrage movement , arguing that “ you do n't need a vote to raise hell. ” Though she was correct when she pointed out that the women of Colorado had the vote and failed to use it to prevent the appalling conditions that led to labor violence , this should not have negated women 's inherent right to a voice in government from one who had also frequently quoted the Declaration of Independence . Indeed , Mother Jones even argued that suffragists were naïve women who unwittingly acted as duplicitous agents of class warfare ; she wrote in 1925 ( after national suffrage had been achieved ) that “ the plutocrats have organized their women . They keep them busy with suffrage and prohibition and charity. ” – Doris Weatherford . American Women 's History : An A to Z of People , Organizations , Issues , and Events ( Prentice Hall , 1994 ) , 190-191 .
The author of the Mother Jones article starts off with a huge cheap shot . In the first paragraph she tries to associate a murderer with the activists she is about to describe . There is literally no evidence that Eliot Rodger was in any way associated with the Men 's Human Rights Movement but facts do n't stop Ms Blake . Right off the bat she loses credibility by pulling such a low-minded trick . Just imagine an article about the original Mother Jones that mentioned an unrelated murder in the first paragraph . It 's hard to imagine .
The majority of the article reads like a soap opera . She talks more about the personalities of those involved rather than the issues at hand . In over 6000 words she never discusses any of the numerous issues men face for more than a sentence . That is remarkable .
It is also remarkable how she fails to mention the important work being done by A Voice for Men . And of course , she fails to mention that a good portion of those at that site and who presented at the 1st International Conference on Men 's Issues in Detroit last June were women . Women who see the flagrant bigotry that Blake prefers to simply ignore . This might be more excusable if Blake had a short deadline but that was not the case . She has spent hours and hours , weeks and even months interviewing people about this and is totally aware of the issues at hand ( including the workplace death issue ) but has consciously chosen to not bring them up .
That would n't go so well with her personal misandrist theme of haters and trolls .
I think a better name for this magazine might be Mother Dworkin .
You will free up a lot of time using a macro by not having to constantly babysit your NRG bar ( unless you are okay with wasting NRG ) which will allow you to play the game when you want . TM Farming is the most efficient way to give a massive boost to your team , and make it easier to clear ELT level content . Having a selection of TM 's gives you a lot more options when it comes to building your units and gives you a lot more options when it comes to strategy . ( Eg . Evade/Auto-Refresh/Element Resist ) . Once you have a good selection of units , you should consider putting your resources towards TM Farming instead of doing more pulls . For 50 $ you can either do a bunch of pulls and probably be disappointed or you can spend it on 5 TM 's which is a sure thing . Besides , even if you do get lucky and pull a good unit , it will never reach its full potential without proper gear . All those Mega-Whales you see on your friends list with a ton of TM 's , chances are they used a macro to acquire them . Units get out-classed very quickly due to power-creep . Take Lightning for example , she used to be the must-have , got ta whale for , unit . Now she 's the troll of 5 * 's . Good TM 's like Dual Wield and DualCast will always be useful and you can transfer them from unit to unit . Not only is TM Farming good for building up your units trust , but you will also get a bit of rank EXP , and tons of friend points and Gil from selling the excess materials you pick up .
A dad was given a fright on Halloween when he bit into a milk chocolate digestive biscuit only to discover it was out of date by 18 years .
• READ MORE : Woman 's shock after discovering royal python in her kitchen
Adrian Johnson 's kids were given the biscuits following their trick or treating .
He shared his predicament on Twitter with a photo of the pack of McVitie 's ‘ original homewheat milk chocolate digestive ' , with the best before date of 15 May 1999 .
Mr Johnson , from Leeds , posted : “ Think I 've just eaten a biscuit ( from a packet given to our kids while trick or treating ) that went out of date 18 years ago . Not joking . ”
He replied with another tweet : “ Do n't think this specific brand exists anymore . Is there a doctor in the house ? ”
The biscuits were described as “ awful ” leaving Mr Johnson with a “ long-lingering bad taste ” .
He told HuffPostUK : “ I sniffed them , looked at the biscuit side , which was quite white rather than the usual brown-ish colour , and it was then that I checked the sell-by date . ”
His ordeal amused thousands with his tweet being shared more than 2,500 times with poster poking fun at Mr Johnson .
One person noted “ Jesus these biscuits are old enough to vote ” , while another teased : “ It 's only the best before - you 'll be fine ! They might get better with age ! ”
• READ MORE : Cardboard road sign secures unemployed Ayrshire man a job
Growing up with the stories of Richard Scary , I 've always had a place in my heart for animals dressed like people . And I 'm not talking about costumes for pets . No , I love animals who have their own little town and who go to work and perhaps enjoy reading books . I also like being a little silly , and I 'll bet your kids like that , too . So I 've put those two things together .
These Mix ‘ Em Up Animals can change their clothes with the twist of a spool , and they just might end up part deer , part squirrel , and part bear !
What You Need
Printable Mix ‘ Em Up Animal Spool Templates ( download here )
Card Stock or Paper
2 1/2-inch Tall Wooden Spools
Scissors
Tape
Instructions
Step 1
Print the template out and cut the strips apart .
Step 2
Tape the left edge of a paper strip to one of the spools ( the left side is a little wider so there 's room for overlap ) .
Step 3
Wrap the strip around the spool , then secure the overlap with another piece of tape . Repeat for all of the strips and spools .
Step 4
Start stacking the spools and mixing up your own little town full of animal friends .
You might find that kids will want more than just a few stacks of spools to play with so they can create more combinations . And if the spools are sliding a bit too much , just slide an unsharpened pencil down through the centers to hold them together more .
Spools come in lots of different sizes , and smaller animals would be fun too . Just shrink the template to fit !
Happy crafting !
But the problem appears to have grown worse as physicians comply with the “ voluntary ” prescribing guidelines released in March by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which have been adopted as law in several states . Many doctors now fear prosecution and loss of their medical licenses if they overprescribe opioids . Some have chosen not to prescribe them at all .
While federal and state authorities track the number of drug overdose deaths , no one seems to be following the number of patients who are dying by suicide or from cascading medical problems caused by untreated chronic pain . Some in the pain community call this “ passive genocide. ” Tammi Hale compares it to the Holocaust .
“ The Nazis eliminated the sick and the weak first , right ? Makes you wonder , ” she says . “ I realize my comments are harsh , but I believe the public needs to be aware of the dangers any one of us could be facing with this silent epidemic . ”
Doctor Insisted on Weaning
Doug Hale began facing a life with intractable chronic pain in 1999 , after a surgery left him with interstitial cystitis , a painful inflammation of the bladder . According to his wife , Doug tried physical therapy , antidepressants , epidurals , nerve blocks , TENS , cognitive behavioral therapy , and several different medications before finally turning to opioids for pain relief . High doses of methadone and oxycodone for breakthrough pain were found to be effective .
Photo by Ingram Publishing/Thinkstock
In an op-ed published in the New York Times earlier this week , I told the story of Andy Inkster , a transgender man who successfully sued a Massachusetts fertility clinic for sexual discrimination after its doctors refused to treat him . He later sought the services of another clinic and gave birth to a daughter , Elise .
Although Inkster made the transition from female to male at age 18 , he left his female reproductive organs intact and conceived via in-vitro fertilization with donor sperm . When compared with conventional ways of having biological children , Inkster 's story is captivatingly novel . But compared to some creative parenting configurations by other transgender people , it 's almost boring .
I spoke with Diane Batzofin , marketing guru and patient coordinator for Dr. David Smotrich , a San Diego fertility doctor whose claims to groundbreaking baby-making include being the world leader in helping patients become parents through surrogacy ( with a track record of more than 2,500 cases ) and one of the first to use a gestational carrier to help a gay male couple add children to the family . Batzofin says Smotrich has been involved in about half a dozen cases involving transgender patients . There was the case of a transgender man who traveled to California from England in 2006 and had eggs harvested and fertilized with donor sperm ; the resulting embryos were then frozen . Two years later , he returned with a female romantic partner into whose womb the embryos were transferred . That way , both partners were able to contribute to the creation of their baby .
In another recent case , a male patient asked Smotrich to freeze his sperm before he underwent sexual reassignment surgery . As a transgender woman , her female partner then used the sperm to become pregnant .
Last summer , while attending a friend 's 40th birthday party , I met a lovely family with this backstory : The father was a transgender man who had met his female partner a decade ago when they were grad students . He was a woman then , and they identified as a lesbian couple . Five years later , after transitioning to a man , he married her in what appeared to be a conventional heterosexual wedding . His wife was impregnated with donor sperm , and they have two sons .
As more of the estimated 700,000 transgender people in the United States explore new ways to make families , we 're likely to see even more mixes of reproductive parts and social and gender identities of people and their partners—never mind the sperm , eggs , or wombs contributed by third parties . Hopefully , Inkster 's case will send a message to the fertility field that doctors need to get used to such new models and help their patients achieve their dreams . Even the conservative doctors organization the American Society for Reproductive Medicine , which issued a statement in October 2013 saying that gays , lesbians , unmarried , and single people should not be denied fertility treatment , is currently discussing whether to add transgender people to that list .
In the meantime , more Americans need to get used to stories like the one Andy Inkster told little Elise about her origins . “ We 've read the book What Makes a Baby together , and it explains that babies are made with sperm , an egg , and a place to grow , ” he told me . “ Her donor , whom she calls her uncle , gave me the sperm , and the doctor mixed the egg and the sperm in a lab—the egg and the sperm did their dance and told each other their stories—and then put the embryo back in Papa 's belly where she grew . ”
The HTC smartwatch has been often rumoured , but has failed to appear , with dates in 2015 and 2016 slipping by , with HTC staying out of the smartwatch arena .
HTC does have some wearable devices however , first showing off the HTC Grip , a sports device that was first revealed as a prototype alongside the HTC One M9 in 2015 and fruit of the early Under Armour union . The Grip slipped and we were given the UA Health Box instead , including the UA Band , in early 2016 .
But a dedicated smartwatch remains elusive . First called Petra , then dubbed the One Wear , recent leaks have carried the HTC Halfbeak name . Sadly , it seems as though this was nothing more than a prototype , for a project that 's not going to be released . Here 's how the story unfolded , and how it finished .
Round display
Heart rate sensor
UA branding
At the end of 2015 , the Halfbeak rumours appeared . These referred to a round smartwatch but it was n't until October 2016 that a physical device appeared on Weibo . The telling thing about this device is the UA logo , lining this up as a watch coming from HTC 's partnership with Under Armour . A second leak brings this device back into focus again showing off the lines of what looks like an UA sports watch , again pictured on Weibo .
The HTC Halfbeak has a round watch design with two buttons on the right-hand side , likely to be a home button for Android Wear and a second for a dedicated function , like start stop perhaps , or to launch a dedicated UA Record app .
The size is difficult to judge , but it looks similar to devices like Samsung Gear S3 or Moto 360 , so we 'd guess it 's about 42mm in diameter across that display .
It 's difficult to judge the materials , but the backplate looks plastic . The watch body is likely to be metal and it looks a little like the Samsung Gear S2 : it could be metal , but the shiny finish on the bezel looks odd , and we doubt it will launch like that .
What we ca n't discern is any level of waterproofing . Any sports device is likely to launch with an IP rating to let you swim or run in the rain , but there 's no word on that . However there is an optical heart rate sensor on the rear of the watch .
The strap looks fairly conventional , with a two-tone silicone construction . It looks removable , but does n't show signs of being easy to change from what we 've seen .
Round display with no flat tyre
360 x 360 pixel resolution
Likely Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear
Attachable charging plate
The original leak of Halfbeak was rumoured to offer a 360 x 360 round display . That 's fairly typical of this type of watch , but actual specs are very thin on the ground . One thing we can judge from the photos is that it 's proper round , unlike the Moto 360 and others that have a flat tyre design , with a section at the bottom that 's a black bar .
There 's no word on specs , but there are a few options . HTC has a long-standing relationship with Qualcomm , so a Snapdragon Wear chipset is a possibility . The current norm is 512MB RAM and 4GB storage for an Android Wear device .
There is an alternative , however , and that 's Intel . We 've seen companies like Tag Heuer pair up with Intel to power devices . Currently , there 's no way of knowing . There 's also no way of knowing if there 's GPS onboard .
What we have seen from the leaked images , however , is a snap-on charging plate . We do n't know if it 's magnetic or clipped , but it charges through the contact points on the rear . This does suggest that the device is waterproofed , as it avoids the need to plug anything in .
Android Wear platform
Likely to run UA Connect app
The leaks for Halfbeak clearly show that this is an Android Wear smartwatch . It makes sense to use an established platform rather than for HTC to go it alone .
We 'd expect the focus to be on a UA Record app , although Under Armour also owns Map My Fitness ( and associated apps ) , MyFitnessPal and Endomondo , all of which could be included .
With Under Armour branding , the company is likely to push its fitness apps and service first , rather like the Polar M600 . This will likely include watchfaces with complications to show you things like steps and let you instantly access the sports app .
The HTC Petra device was the subject of rumours for some time . It was thought that the Petra would be announced at MWC in 2015 as `` the official companion to the HTC One M9 '' . Several reports claimed the device would go on sale during the first quarter of 2015 but that was clearly not the case - and could have been the Grip or UA Band that eventually launched .
The HTC Halfbeak was rumoured to be coming on 29 September 2015 , again nothing appeared , even though the Halfbeak sounded more smartwatch than fitness tracker by this point . Serial leakster Evan Blass claimed a mid-April 2016 date , then said it had been pushed back till June , and still no launch .
As we sail into 2017 , the Halfbeak appeared again , but plans for an Android smartwatch were definitively closed in an interview . Tbreak.com , talking to Chialin Chang , HTC president of smartphones and connected devices , said : `` I can tell you that we 're not going to have an Android watch . I do n't think we 've nailed it with watches . Android watch is one thing but even Apple as a big brand is declining . We are not going to have a watch in the short term . ''
That , as they say , is that then .
Welcome
CAPS promotes the well-being of the diverse campus community by balancing high quality mental health services and clinical training with accessibility to foster student success through self-discovery , learning and interpersonal engagement .
CAPS embraces the belief that students ' mental health is a vital component of their academic , professional , and personal success . CAPS will expand awareness of and access to mental health services in order to positively impact the emotional well-being of the campus community , enhance help-seeking behaviors , and effectively assist students to become engaged global citizens .
CAPS Pledge of Support
CAPS joins the UH community and world in expressing how deeply saddened we are by the domestic and international incidents of violence that have occurred during recent weeks . We recognize that UH students are being impacted by these tragic events and may need support . We hold firm to the values of inclusion , multicultural diversity , and social justice . We stand as allies to all communities that suffer from oppression , marginalization , and persecution . If you would like support during this challenging time , or at any point in the future , please call CAPS at ( 713 ) 743-5454 , or stop by our office for a same day consultation . CAPS is located in room 226 of Student Service Center 1 .
[ Photo credit to Spencer Tunick for the featured image ]
Hello naturist followers and friends ,
Dare I even write this post ?
I 've fallen behind again on my blog . I never got back to finishing my travelogue for our trip through naked Australia , with reviews yet to be completed of the luxurious BB at Byron Bay , or our final stop at the famed little resort near Tambourine known to loyal followers as BoBrene . And since then , I had a brief stay in Thailand that afforded a visit to a new resort in Phuket called Lemon Tree Resort – a very sweet little naturist retreat just a short drive from the waterfront , including a boat trip out to a makeshift naturist beach on a small mostly deserted island .
Lemon Tree Resort , Thailand BB at Byron Bay , Australia BoBrene near Tambourine , Australia
But alas , I feel a sudden urge to trump – if you 'll pardon the expression – my typical agenda of travel writing with a brief outburst of a philosophical nature , spawned in large part by some lovely people I 've met in recent days during our first visit to a bucolic little resort in Honduras called Paya Bay . ( Yet another review to be written ! )
As is usually the case in making new acquaintances with naked people , the first topic of conversation was something of a naturist travel roll call . “ Have you been to that little place near the Mexican border ? How about one of those Big Nude Boat sailings ? You were on the Royal Clipper to Venice when ? Hey ! I think we were on that boat ! ”
Then comes that awkward silence . We both prefer naked travel . We 've been to many of the same places . You have a penis . I have a penis . ( No gender neutral confusion there ! ) Let 's see… what else ?
My wife and I have been naturists since about 1986 when we made our first visit to a nude beach near Santa Cruz , California . We are among the lucky ones as this was not a late-in-life discovery for us , but instead , a unique attribute of our relationship that has evolved as everything else does in a marriage of 32+ years . And the achievement of getting our kids through college and out of the house has afforded us many more choices for seeing the world – with clothes or without . Which leads to this somewhat meandering post that will attempt to take on a few myths about naturism that have long challenged my curiosities , most frequently leading to a final assessment of… “ Huh ! ”
Alleged Myth # 1 : People at naturist resorts are much more social and friendly than those at typical ( textile ) resorts .
I think this is largely true , if for no other reason , you have a non-verbal starter right out of the box . “ You 're naked . I 'm naked . Let 's talk about how cool that is for a few minutes. ” Talk about an ice-breaker ! And truth be told , if you go to a Westin resort on Maui and invite yourself to join another couple at their table on the veranda with the opening line , “ Hey , is this your first time wearing that ill-fitting bathing suit to a posh , overpriced resort – MINE TOO ! , ” you 're likely to get something between a stink-eye and a sudden escort from the resort bouncer .
Nudity is most certainly an immediate common denominator , and those who have been at it for a while understand the almost ( ? ) competitive business of amassing destination pins in the naturist world map . “ Oh , well if you like that place , you 've got to try this other place with the naked zip line course . ”
In all fairness , this is , all at once , an opportunity to boast about one 's naked accomplishments , while at the same time , conducting all so important naturist reconnaissance . Hours of digging through Trip Advisor Reviews will never compare to the candor and nuance of a travel conversation with a seasoned naturist , much of which involves a certain flavor of non-verbal communication that provides context for said reconnaissance data . But more about that later .
Alleged Myth # 2 : The nice thing about being naked is that you are stripped of all the artificial barriers that put people at odds with one another in normal life . “ A naked doctor and a naked plumber are on a level playing field while sipping a fruity drink on a nude beach .
It 's later !
I have heard this argument on the beach , in the hot tub , at the restaurant , in the pool , and on the veranda of a cruise ship . “ The great thing about nudity is that it makes us all equal ! We are all the same once stripped of our uniforms that provide cues about social status , income , education , and personal ideologies regarding motorcycles and the human qualities of cats . ”
False .
Well , even if I could completely embrace the initial premise , this all changes pretty quickly once the first person breaks the ice with , “ Is this your first time at a naturalist [ sic ] place ? The wife and I never [ sic ] done this before . ”
If you 're still reading and have n't simply deleted the link to my blog as you dismiss me for being a pompous ass with an intolerance for people from varied walks of life , then you have tapped into the very essence of my point .
In fact , if you really think this myth to be a truth , try visiting the teachers ' lounge at Any School USA to see how those birds of a feather flock together . ( Or not ! ) We are not all the same , even when most of our life choices regarding career , church , and family would indicate that we are , and the lack of clothing actually does very little to hide those differences which really matter .
I truly wish this was n't the case . When we first began our naturist explorations , we were much more optimistic about meeting people at naturist venues who would share our interests , values , and ideals . But in reality , I would put the odds someplace in the same ballpark as on-line dating . Once you 've finished the obligatory conversation about “ Is n't it great to be naked and free ? ” You 've got to have something else to talk about .
Alleged Myth # 3 : Naturists are more open minded and accepting of alternative lifestyles , political and religious perspectives , and a general sense of live and let live .
In an effort to figure out what the hell is going on in the world right now , I 'm reading two interesting books , each of an autobiographical nature , by political comedians who felt it timely to share their stories . Trevor Noah is the late night talk show host who replaced Jon Stewart , and Bassem Youssef was the Egyptian equivalent of Jon Stewart , until he was forced into exile after his rants about the complexities of the Arab Spring , albeit in a humorous manner . ( And now you know something about me… I really like Jon Stewart ! ) Their stories are largely the same , each having found the absurdity of living under intense oppression , Noah growing up as a mixed race child in South Africa during the fall of apartheid , Youssef narrowly escaping his homeland when the government elevated his humor to a threat to Arab civilization . Their writing is all at once poignant and laugh inducing , in each case providing abounding evidence of how people fall short of relating to one another in a thoughtful and compassionate way , even when it would be in their best interest to do so .
Here at Paya Bay , this is the first time I 've been naked in public since the United States of America decided we are far from united when it comes to what we think are the inalienable rights that bond us together . And perhaps I can evoke a bit more drama in suggesting ( recognizing ? ! ? ) that the motivations of one side of the political discourse is deeply intertwined with a particular religious perspective that suggests that “ God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten resources to the US of A , so that he who was not born here shall suffer and perish. ” Youssef and Noah drive that point home with stirring anecdotal evidence that compassion , while considered a virtue , is a country-mile stretch for the average human being .
So there it is . My political opinions – neatly packaged for consumption – that would die a sudden and violent death in a typical room full of naked people . From my perspective , it really should go like this . “ Hey ! Look at all of us ! We all have essentially the same body parts , so we can put that part of the conversation to rest ! So what say we tussle a bit about the other things that make us uniquely human , like the ability to reason , engage in thoughtful discourse , and simply agree to disagree in the spirit of tolerance and a commonality in the reverence for life , and living it to its fullest . ( You are , after all , standing here naked ! Is n't that living life to the margin ? )
But like everyplace I have gone since late November 2016 , new acquaintances are regulated by a delicate pas-de-deux of feeling out one 's personal convictions before you blunder into a Cold War of philosophical dissension , or maybe even alienation and ridicule . But probably not . Better to play it safe and stay on script , “ So this is your first time at a naked place ? ”
My point ? Some naturists are liberal . Some naturists are conservatives . Some are quite tolerant , and others are not . It turns out that one 's desire to walk around without clothing has surprising little to do with any of those other factors . Each human is a complex organism influenced by the social environment in which s/he he lives his or her daily life .
For me , that was a “ Huh ! ”
Alleged Myth # 4 : Naturists are simply 21st century hippies who simply ca n't let go of the good ol ' days in the Haight-Asbury , with all the accompanying affinities for weed , free love , and communal living .
Do n't I wish ! As the youngest of four , my older siblings brought up the rear of that generation . In fact , my brother even went to Janice Joplin concerts at the Filmore , though I 'm pretty sure he stopped short of free love in Golden Gate Park .
But it seems to me that a part of America died when the hippies grew up and got jobs in corporate America . Ironically enough , the free love thing sort of morphed into a swinger thing , ( which the Millennials seem to have repackaged as friends with benefits . Just wow ! ) and this has become the very antithesis of what us high-minded naked people like to call naturist values . But the other piece that seemed to go under the bus was tolerance . Though one could make the argument that hippies and non-hippies may have spent a lot more time and energy talking about tolerance than actually being tolerant themselves .
Here again , so much rhetoric in the naturist community is given to body acceptance , though in my estimation , that 's pretty hit and miss as well . It amazes me how many humans obsess over another one 's piercings , tattoos , or distribution of body weight . Is n't the point , “ Here I am ! Naked and unafraid ! You do n't even have to love me , but is it so much to ask you to simply co-exist ?
We have made several visits over the years to the infamous Cap d'Agde in the South of France , which might be best described as a place where , if you can imagine it , you will find it – and then a bit more . I find it to be an intriguing show where you can sit for hours at a sidewalk cafe watching the world go by ; a man on a studded leash , a woman adorned in sparkly string that accentuates her crotch , or any number of genital piercings that would never make it through a metal detector . ( Not to mention the amorous couples at the hotel pool who are less than subtle in their public displays of affection . ) For my wife , it 's a good bit over the line . She could n't even tell you why , exactly , as we have never been approached by others to “ come out and play , ” nor have we had any reason to feel threatened by behaviors we would never engage in . But in the end , it 's beyond our daily repertoire of acceptable behavior , as if they 've crossed that line , you wonder where the next one will be drawn .
I suppose that 's the very essence of society 's suspicious about naked people in general . Allow them to walk naked on the beach , and the next thing you know they 'll be naked in the streets , and the movie theaters , and maybe even at Disneyland . ( I could launch off onto an entirely new tangent about yoga pants at this juncture , but maybe that 's for another day . )
If we 've learned anything about people in recent decades , it 's that despite all of our insurance plans , extended warranties , and declaratory promises from various politicians , we are a fearful people , largely fearing those things which we do n't quite understand . You can see naked people undulating on the big screen entranced in the most intimate of human experiences , and maybe even get a glimpse of full frontal nudity , but catch a naked couple walking hand in hand on the beach , and clearly we 've gone off the rail . That was the stuff the hippies were made of , and we see what happened to them !
Alleged Myth # 5 : Given the assertion that at least 75 % of the above assertions are true , any naturist community is a convivial community , where values are largely the same , and potential soulmates are just standing around naked , waiting to bond !
So at this point , this seems a bit redundant . Naked people really only have one thing in common . Nudity . And no doubt , if you 've arrived at that point of life where you 'd rather have a root canal before wearing nylon in a swimming pool , and you find yourself looking for a new soulmate , you are faced with an onerous task indeed .
Many have responded to my blog seeking advice as to how they might coax a naturist unfriendly spouse to give naturism a whirl . Seems bizarre . Most everything in their lives has aligned ; they may have “ connected ” two human bodies to make more human bodies , and they undoubtedly ( but not always ! ) have seen one another naked , but making that step into the arena of public nudity simply violates too many social norms . Now with the proliferation of random photography and cameras hidden everywhere “ for security purposes , ” it seems a significant change to those social norms is not on the immediate horizon .
That said , getting yourself a ticket for a ride on a big boat with 1000 other naked people must increase one 's chances of finding others who at least are willing to embrace the naked part of the equation . But beyond that , it seems to me it 's just about like everything else . Each human is wired uniquely . It 's what makes us so interesting . It 's also what makes us so complicated . Turns out that so many of us are apparently just wolves – in no clothing !
Dogs seem pretty comfortable naked . Maybe we could learn a few things from them .
Huh !
Dedicated , with gratitude and affection , to Randy , Greg , Judy and Ann ; two lovely couples we met at Paya Bay this past weekend who were n't afraid to say , “ We like to be naked… with people we like to be with ! ”
Wow . Thought provoking !
In Bangkok , the capital city of Thailand , there are countless things to see and do . However , one hidden gem that goes unnoticed by most lies in an unexpected place – in the basement of an abandoned shopping mall .
Tucked away behind a gate , where you would almost never notice it , is what used to be the New World shopping mall . The former retail center was built in the 1980s but closed in 1997 after it was found to have breached building regulations ; the mall was 11 stories high , 7 floor taller than the approved construction blueprint .
A couple years later , in 1999 , the building burned down . While the exact reason is unconfirmed , some believed it was set aflame because it was too tall . Many people in old town Bangkok find it insulting to build something taller than the Grand Palace , so the size of the mall may have angered people .
In the fire , the mall lost its roof , causing rainwater to accumulate in the basement and flooding it year round . The stagnant water resulted in a major mosquito problem and , in an effort to get rid of the pests , locals started introducing tilapia to eat the insects .
It did n't take long for the fish population to thrive , today over hundreds of them swimming around rusty escalators and across the 5,000 square foot floor . The abandoned building has turned into an amazing self-sustained , urban aquarium .
Backpacker Jesse Rockwall stumbled upon the mall when traveling through Thailand and shot several photos of the urban wonder . He certainly found the basement abnormal , stating , “ It is quite bizarre – I was really surprised when I came across it . It is literally three blocks away from backpacker central , but nobody is even aware it is there . ”
He also explained , “ It was very quiet in the mall , I could only hear the sound of splashing fish , even though it 's close to a main road ”
Visitors can also feed the fish by purchasing fish food from various shops around the mall . However , throwing anything else into the water is banned in order to protect the fish .
Wednesday 's oral arguments at the Supreme Court suggested that the justices were deeply divided over Glossip v. Gross , a case on lethal injection protocol . Above , the execution chamber of the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute , Indiana . Photo by Reuters
In theory , what the nine justices of the U.S. Supreme Court were all but shouting about Wednesday was midazolam hydrochloride , a sedative used by Oklahoma and other states as part of their lethal injection protocol . The very technical question before the court is whether midazolam reliably causes a deep , comalike unconsciousness in the prisoner , or whether it does not , allowing him to feel the excruciating effects of the other drugs used subsequently to end his life . The constitutional claim is that a failure to sedate the prisoner sufficiently would violate the Eighth Amendment 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment . A series of botched executions in Oklahoma , Ohio , and other places in recent months has drawn public attention to the fact that we may—as Justice Sonia Sotomayor colorfully put it this week—create “ a substantial risk of burning a person alive who 's paralyzed , correct ? ”
It looked at first like it would be a debate about the trial court 's medical fact-finding , a discussion that would be more Gray 's Anatomy than Black 's Law Dictionary , but the arguments quickly blew up into a proxy war about ideology and politics and the ugly rift between the justices on how we feel about killing people in America . Oral arguments are usually spirited and enthusiastic . But they are rarely unpleasant and embarrassing . By the end of the hour of arguments in Glossip v. Gross , Chief Justice John Roberts had to step in and scold his colleagues for both their rancor and their rudeness to the oral advocates appearing before them . It was a cringe-worthy last day of arguments of the term , but in some ways perhaps a fitting one .
There have been a lot of reports in recent years about the deep ideological fractures at the Supreme Court . The justices are as divided as they have ever been on issues ranging from race and religion to reproductive health , guns , and campaign finance reform . They like to tell us—to use Justice Stephen Breyer 's preferred locution—that they are more than merely “ nine junior varsity politicians. ” But Wednesday 's performance certainly suggested that they were closer to nine junior varsity high schoolers , with nasty tempers and bitter resentments .
There is a bit of history here . In 2008 , in Baze v. Rees , the Supreme Court upheld the use of a three-drug cocktail used by most states to administer the death penalty . The supply of sodium thiopental , the barbiturate sedative states used to use , has since dried up because of boycotts from foreign suppliers and companies opposed to capital punishment . Oklahoma changed its lethal injection protocol last year to replace sodium thiopental with midazolam . Shortly thereafter , that state badly botched the execution of Clayton Lockett with an apparently insufficient dose of midazolam . He writhed and bucked on the gurney for 43 minutes , as he suffered an apparently agonizing death .
Death row inmates Richard Glossip , Charles Warner , and other Oklahoma prisoners then filed an Eighth Amendment challenge to the use of midazolam in the protocol . They lost in the federal courts , which permitted the use of midazolam , so the prisoners sought a stay of execution at the Supreme Court , which was denied on Jan. 15 . Justices Sotomayor , Breyer , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Elena Kagan filed a rare and angry dissent from the court 's refusal to hear the case . That same evening , Oklahoma used midazolam in the execution of Charles Warner . His last words were reportedly : “ My body is on fire. ” The court agreed to hear the inmates ' case a week later—minus the deceased Warner .
Just to be clear who 's on which teams in the Glossip argument , Kagan establishes with his lawyer , Robin Konrad , that the central issue in the case is that “ there is this huge range of uncertainty about what happens when someone is given this drug. ” Then Justice Samuel Alito comes out gunning for Konrad about the tactics of death penalty opponents : “ Why is Oklahoma not using sodium thiopental ? ” he asks . Konrad starts to respond . “ You do n't know ? ” interrupts Alito . “ Let 's be honest about what 's going on here. ” Explaining that capital punishment is highly controversial , he asks , “ Is it appropriate for the judiciary to countenance what amounts to a guerrilla war against the death penalty , which consists of efforts to make it impossible for the states to obtain drugs that could be used to carry out capital punishment with little , if any , pain ? ”
In other words , Alito wants Konrad to explain why her client is n't somehow reasonably on the hook for the scarcity of really good execution drugs . As Justice Antonin Scalia frames it : All the really effective drugs have been rendered unavailable “ by the abolitionists putting pressure on the companies that manufacture them so that the states can not obtain those other drugs. ” Justice Anthony Kennedy soon interrupts to demand an answer to this question , pointing out that Konrad has been interrupted several times and still has n't given an answer to the question about the “ abolitionists ” who are really to blame for the fact that we ca n't kill people more efficiently in America . Breyer has to step in to remind Konrad , “ It 's not you . You did n't purposely hide these other kinds of drugs . ”
And Roberts wonders idly ( and quite creepily ) whether Konrad has an opinion on the constitutionality of a new Oklahoma law that would asphyxiate prisoners with nitrogen gas .
It goes downhill from here . When Oklahoma 's solicitor general , Patrick Wyrick , attempts to explain why the state protocol is constitutional , Kagan calls the reasoning of the district court judge on at least one issue “ gobbledygook. ” When Wyrick begins to read from the record , Sotomayor stops him , saying outright : “ I have a real problem with whatever you 're reading because I 'm going to have to go back to that article. ” She adds : “ I am substantially disturbed that in your brief you made factual statements that were not supported by the cited sources and , in fact , directly contradicted ” them and warns “ so nothing you say or read to me am I going to believe until I see it with my own eyes. ” She lays out three areas where , in her view , the state altered or fudged data to support its argument . Wyrick keeps trying to explain , but she , as well as Kagan and Breyer , simply do n't let him finish a thought . Breyer accuses Wyrick 's expert—one of whose witness reports consists largely of printouts from the website Drugs.com—of shoddy science : “ The key refutation of your expert rests on zero , ” he says . Wyrick keeps trying to talk . Kagan grows more and more furious . “ Suppose that we said we are going to burn you at the stake , but before we do , we are going to give you an anesthetic before we burn you alive , ” the usually very temperate Kagan asks Wyrick . “ Maybe you will feel it ; maybe you wo n't . ”
When Wyrick 's light goes on to show that he is out of time , Roberts addresses him directly : “ Mr . Wyrick , to an extent that 's unusual even in this court , you have been listening rather than talking . And so I 'm happy to give you an extra five minutes , if you 'd like . ”
It 's the kind of public reprimand you rarely hear at the court , and whether it was directed at Sotomayor alone or the scrappy triumvirate of Kagan , Breyer , and Sotomayor , it 's the kind of sentiment that the chief justice must think to himself a good deal on the bench but that he rarely allows himself to speak aloud . As Wyrick concludes his remarks , the liberal justices glower from their respective bad-justice chairs . Nobody likes to be called an asshole by the chief .
In Konrad 's rebuttal , the animosity spikes up again when she tries to address the burning-at-the-stake hypothetical . Alito interjects that this is “ an irrelevant point. ” Kagan retorts that “ potassium chloride is burning someone alive ; it 's just doing it through the use of a drug. ” The two look like they could happily administer to each other a little snort of lethal injection at this point . The tension in the chamber is palpable and unpleasant . One side genuinely thinks the issue here is unscrupulous death penalty abolitionists and their bullying tactics . The other openly accuses the state of Oklahoma of lying in its pleadings .
Roberts worries almost obsessively about appearances at the court—appearances of partisanship and politicization , and also about justices who take ideological swats at one another in public . In September , in a speech at the University of Nebraska , he said he was worried that the partisan rancor in Washington might “ spill over and affect us . … That 's not the way we do business . We 're not Republicans or Democrats. ” Judges are different in his view ; they are always supposed to be above that kind of thing . But as long has been said at the court , death is different too . It seemingly brings out the very worst in us all .
Often when you catch the chief in a situation like Wednesday's—in which the justices ' gloves are off and their back teeth are showing—you get the sense that he wishes he were n't the only grown-up in the room . Or perhaps more correctly , that he did n't always have to be .
Offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell is n't going anywhere , despite the many fans who were hoping this would be his last season with the Seattle Seahawks .
Head coach Pete Carroll was questioned pointedly about Bevell during his press conference on Monday .
“ Could you please address at least my listeners that keep bugging me for a change in offensive coordinator over and over again ? ” asked Dave “ Softy ” Mahler of 950 KJR Radio in Seattle .
Carroll replied : “ I 'm sorry to say this , but they do n't know what they are talking about . Sorry . Darrell does a great job . ”
Here 's video of Pete Carroll 's response to a question about fans who want Darrell Bevell fired : pic.twitter.com/CP2Rs0LUPQ — Brady Henderson ( @ BradyHenderson ) January 16 , 2017
Bevell has been with the Seahawks since January of 2011 . Fans have been questioning his play-calling since the team lost Super Bowl XLIX to the New England Patriots . Even Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman called out Bevell earlier this year over opting to pass on the 1-yard line .
With no head coaching interviews scheduled , Bevell is in Seattle to stay for now . Offensive line/assistant head coach Tom Cable interviewed with the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday , but has yet to be offered the position . Defensive coordinator Kris Richard interviewed last week with the Buffalo Bills , but was not given the job .
Someone has already created the website firebevell.com , although no content has been added as of yet .
The biggest thing to happen in “ The Walking Dead ” universe last night was n't actually the Season 8 episode itself , but rather the subsequent announcement on “ Talking Dead ” that main series character Morgan Jones , played by actor Lennie James , will be crossing over into “ Fear the Walking Dead ” in its upcoming fourth season .
“ Even though Morgan is going to be featured on Fear , he has a lot of stories left on The Walking Dead , ” showrunner Scott M. Gimple noted last night . “ Morgan 's arc on The Walking Dead Season 8 positioned him for the story on Fear . It was also important to see Fear ‘ s world and characters through new yet familiar eyes . ”
Today , James arrived on the Austin , Texas set of “ Fear the Walking Dead , ” and AMC has provided us with the first images and video of Morgan Jones in a whole new setting .
“ Lennie James ' brilliance and humanity in his portrayal of Morgan Jones has been part of the DNA of what makes ‘ The Walking Dead ' so fantastic since the very beginning , ” said Scott M. Gimple , executive producer for both series . “ Morgan 's story will continue in this season of ‘ The Walking Dead , ' and then , it begins again in the upcoming season of ‘ Fear the Walking Dead , ' pushing the series — and the ‘ Waking Dead ' universe itself — into new directions and possibilities . ”
“ To take Morgan into this new realm and landscape , to see who he could now be , to see where his story could go in the world of ‘ Fear the Walking Dead ' is wonderfully exciting and I am really looking forward to the challenge , ” said James himself . ”
James will star in “ Fear the Walking Dead ” as a series regular along with returning cast members Kim Dickens , Frank Dillane , Alycia Debnam-Carey , Colman Domingo and Danay Garcia , and new series regulars Garret Dillahunt and Jenna Elfman .
It 's time for us to decide if we really want a free Internet . Certainly many of us do . Some of us think we do , but we do n't really understand what this entails or what the consequences might be .
Then there is a rising tide of increasingly loud voices who do not believe in an unfettered , level playing field for human ideas , who are frightened by the radical extremes of people 's opinions , and who would seek to control thought itself . And some of these folks would like to fundamentally change our online lives as we know them .
In seeking to control human thought , we are really trying to regulate humanity , to restrain life itself in an attempt to rein in the infinite informational interactions of the universe . I dare say , humans do not have this ability .
Throughout history , would-be controllers always lose control , and are defeated by the power and complexity of chaos . As the fictional character Dr. Ian Malcolm said in Jurassic Park , “ If there 's one thing the history of evolution has taught us , it 's that life will not be contained . Life breaks free , expands to new territories , and crashes through barriers , painfully , maybe even dangerously . Life finds a way . ''
The history of our race could be described as a futile , yet reoccurring attempt to control everything , by those who want to administer that control , over those who do not wish to be controlled . And in the minds of the would-be overseers , freedom of speech is dangerous , because in their view , people are not smart enough to be trusted to form `` correct ” opinions . Some ideas are just too malignant , and therefore must be oppressed at all cost . Other beliefs simply do not serve the self-preservation of the system . This is merely political correctness tending towards its logical end .
And so there is always a great deal of pressure from the current establishment on us as individuals to conform to mainstream ideals . Most often , the people who do n't are mocked and insulted , and this is the way it has been done for millennia . Today , of course , it 's often done on the Internet , through message boards , Reddit , Facebook , Twitter , and the like .
Those who do not adhere to officially sanctioned views are rarely described as free thinkers , non-conformists , dissenters , mavericks , rebels , or even ideologues . Rather , we 've invented more colorful descriptors in our attempts to mock and suppress them .
We call such people kooks , oddballs , crackpots , nutjobs , tinfoil hatters , or cranks . Snake oil salesmen . When we want to sound more sophisticated and intellectual , we accuse people of “ denialism , ” or we leverage buzzwords like “ extremist , ” “ pseudoscience , ” or “ fringe . ”
But these are just code words – insults thinly disguised – that have the same intention as the more fractious aspersions : to discredit someone without the use of reason or intellectual argument . People who study logical fallacies call these ad hominem attacks . Instead of debating the validity of a person 's ideas , we attack the person . And that is not an argument at all .
Insults work well for those who regularly preach to the converted , because this maneuver does nothing to change anyone 's mind about anything . In that way , it 's safe . Easier to mouth off at somebody , rather than attempt a logical assertion . These tactics inflame and entrench , and that only adds to the futility of using them . When I see someone insulting another person in a discussion , it immediately tells me , that 's the best they 've got .
And now “ conspiracy theorist ” has become the granddaddy of all ad hominem attacks . It 's the ultimate label , the new scarlet letter that we can pin on someone we desire to marginalize and ostracize . We can pretty much deny the validity of what anyone says with this phrase . As long as the person 's opinion lies outside of predominant views , we can merely utter , “ Oh , that 's just a conspiracy theory , ” and then act like the argument is over .
Perhaps the opposite should be true .
Popular opinion , or the societally/politically acceptable mainstream way of thinking , has a pretty dismal track record . If we want to enthrone consensus as some kind of absolute ruler over what is acceptable for us to think and speak , then it seems like we 'll have to undo every major paradigm shift that 's taken place throughout human history . In reality , those who question the status quo are often history 's heroes . Copernicus , Galileo , Newton , Darwin , and Einstein all questioned and overturned scientific consensus .
I 'm darkly amused by the 1950s television commercials that tout the benefits of smoking , and that assure us , “ More doctors smoke Camels than any other cigarette. ” Tobacco industry whistle-blower Jeffrey Wigand , who eventually thoroughly disrupted that establishment by shedding light on the practice of intentionally manipulating the addictive chemicals in cigarettes , has said that he was systematically attacked by that industry in an organized smear campaign that was aimed at destroying his character and credibility . This happened little more than 15 years ago , so why do some people seem to think it ca n't happen today ? Truly , Wigand was a conspiracy theorist in the best sense of the word . Yes , sometimes there are real conspiracies . But would we listen to him today , or would Bill O'Reilly simply dismiss him as a pinhead ?
Societal issues change over time , but mainstream thought has been consistently overthrown again and again . In the same way that the acceptance and promotion of tobacco use were common on prime-time some 50 years ago , only 100 years ago , women in the United States were still advocating for their right to vote . Only 150 years ago , slavery was legal .
Clearly as a species , we 've only just begun to figure some important things out .
Just because the majority has been wrong so many times before , however , does not always make them wrong . That in itself would also be a logical fallacy . I believe it simply means we should maintain skepticism toward popular opinion . Question Authority . Work to think for ourselves . Utilize critical thinking . And so on .
For some people , this has become a matter of course . There are plenty of today 's paradigms that would seem to be the view of the majority , that many people not only question , but reject .
I emphasize the word “ seem ” because I would accept it as a foregone conclusion that mass media has had a death-grip on predominant thought for hundreds of years , essentially homogenizing the topmost ideas in our culture . Whomever controlled the printing press , radio , television , or film studio , had the ability to determine which ideas were promoted and which ones were ignored or even repressed .
With the rise of the populist Internet , however , the thought-control establishment has lost that control , and one of the few tactics they have left is to attempt to marginalize new thought leaders with the aforementioned ad hominem attacks . The way in which the rise of the Ron Paul liberty movement has been covered by the old media is a prime example of this .
Today , people are buying into old establishment views less and less , and the Internet has taught us that those of us in the “ minority ” are never alone in our thinking . In fact , sometimes it 's quite the opposite . For instance , since the majority of U.S. states forbid same-sex marriage , one might think this is the majority view of the population , but a May 2011 Gallup Poll actually found that 64 % of those surveyed , said that gay or lesbian relations between consenting adults should be legal .
There are many other traditional paradigms that are being questioned , or even overturned .
Big banking and Wall Street have become the targets of repeated protests , and American dissatisfaction with big government and big corporations is at a decade-long high . The industrialization of our food supply has come under intense questioning . Monsanto 's rating on Amplicate is 96 % hate . Consumption and marketing , the educational system , the big pharma/medical establishment , and more personal matters , such as breastfeeding norms , or the practice of circumcision , are all being challenged .
More than 750,000 in the U.S. die every year from prescription drugs . Not one single death is attributable to marijuana use , and yet the latter is the illegal substance ? We no longer allow the tobacco industry to advertise on television , so why do we allow it for drug companies ? These are the kinds of questions being asked .
It seems that everywhere , the status quo is being scrutinized or disrupted , and the reaction of the establishment is to protect itself in order to preserve its own existence . It 's important to remember that the people who want to censor the Internet often have something to gain from those restrictions , such as the protection of their own organizations from those who would challenge the way they do business .
As corporation and government interests continue to merge , it 's more important than ever to question the official line , and to think for ourselves . We need skeptics . We need “ denialists. ” We need people who do n't swallow everything they 're fed . Actual conspiracies do sometimes take place , and not everything the majority believes is the best thing for our species . If we want a truly free Internet , we have to allow people – no matter how kooky we may think they are – to believe and say what they will . When we disagree , we need to make logical arguments , and leave behind the name-calling that does nothing to change minds or further understanding .
Attempting to control speech does n't make sense , because it does n't work , and when we try to control thought , we only drive ideas underground , and in some very real ways , that only contributes to their power .
People who are continually trying to control others are doing so because they are themselves so desperately afraid . — Matteo Wyllyamz ( @ mouselink ) July 26 , 2013
This article was inspired , in part , by the writings of Evgeny Morozov and Cass Sunstein .
Western Sydney Wanderers striker Tomi Juric has rejected a record transfer to Shanghai Shenhua that would have made him Australia 's wealthiest current footballer .
Fairfax Media understands a lucrative deal for Juric to join Shanghai in the January transfer window is off the table after the striker turned down the move in the hope of moving to Europe to further his development .
Wanted man : Tomi Juric ( centre ) celebrates his goal against Oman Credit : Getty Images
The 23-year-old appeared certain to accept an offer that would have earned him more than $ 3 million a season in wages , with additional benefits and bonuses that could have amounted to total earnings of $ 18 million over three years .
The proposed offer also included a transfer fee worth $ 1.5 million the Wanderers would have received just four months before the player 's contract is due to expire , which means he will now be allowed to leave for free .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/pyNT
— A fire that started because of an improperly discarded cigarette did heavy damage to several units of a Raleigh apartment complex early Saturday morning , Raleigh fire officials said .
No injuries were reported in the blaze , but about 25 people were displaced from University Commons , an apartment complex in the 1500 block of Graduate lane off Gorman Street .
Fire crews responded to the complex shortly after 4 a.m. , and it took 50 firefighters nearly two hours to bring the fire under control . Twelve units were damaged .
Daimyn Niemi , a senior at North Carolina State University , said the fire was intense .
`` I heard the apartment was on fire , walked outside , look up and there is just smoke funneling out of the roof of the building , '' he said . `` I walked farther away and then huge flames start coming out of the roof . At one point there was an explosion . ''
I 've been doing Aspect Oriented Programming ( AOP ) in .NET for a long while , mostly using PostSharp LAOS as that was the first AOP .NET library I encountered ( 5 years ago it became PostSharp 2.0 , now it is already at its 10th anniversary ! ) .
AOP allows you to perform separate of concerns ( SoC ) in your application , especially in the area of cross-cutting concerns like for instance logging , authorization , monitoring , etc .
It took a while in Delphi to allow for AOP , but the TVirtualMethodInterceptor ( that introduced in Delphi 2010 ) can be used to do AOP ( only for Virtual Methods , which is still way better than having no AOP at all ) .
The code requires a lot of manual labor . so I was glad that DSharp ( a great library by Stefan Glienke – one of the leading Spring4D contributors ) contains a nice wrapper around TVirtualMethodInterceptor so you can use AOP in an attribute based fashion .
Nick Hodges recorded a good introductory video on AOP in Delphi with slides and demo code :
Note that besides DSharp , also MeAOP and Infra provided support for AOP in Delphi , but these have n't had updates since 2010 .
–jeroen
via : AOP on .NET – PostSharp .
The primates in the Anglican Communion are each the most senior bishop or archbishop of one of the 39 churches ( also known as provinces ) of the Anglican Communion . [ 1 ]
Variations [ edit ]
Some of these provinces are stand-alone ecclesiastical provinces ( such as the Church of the Province of West Africa ) , while others are national churches comprising several ecclesiastical provinces ( such as the Church of England ) . Since 1978 , the Anglican primates have met annually for an Anglican Communion Primates ' Meeting at the invitation of the Archbishop of Canterbury , who is regarded as the symbolic leader ( though primus-inter-pares ) of the Anglican primates . While the gathering has no legal jurisdiction , it acts as one of the informal instruments of unity among the autonomous provinces of the communion .
In stand-alone ecclesiastical provinces , the primate is the metropolitan archbishop of the province . In national churches composed of several ecclesiastical provinces , the primate will be senior to the metropolitan archbishops of the various provinces , and may also be a metropolitan archbishop . In those churches which do not have a tradition of archiepiscopacy , the primate is a bishop styled `` primus '' ( in the case of the Scottish Episcopal Church ) , `` presiding bishop '' , `` president bishop '' , `` prime bishop '' or simply `` primate '' . In the case of the Episcopal Church in the United States , which is composed of several ecclesiastical provinces , there is a presiding bishop who is its primate , but the individual provinces are not led by metropolitans .
Anglican primates may be attached to a fixed see ( e.g. , the Archbishop of Canterbury is invariably the Primate of All England ) , who may be chosen from among sitting metropolitans or diocesan bishops and retain the see ( as with , for example , the Primate of the Anglican Church of Australia ) , or who may have no see ( as in the Anglican Church of Canada ) . Primates are generally chosen by election ( either by a synod consisting of laity , clergy and bishops , or by a House of Bishops ) . In some instances , the primacy is awarded on the basis of seniority among the episcopal college . In the Church of England , the primate , like all bishops , is appointed by the British sovereign , in the capacity of Supreme Governor of the established church , on the advice of the Crown Appointments Commission .
Dual primates [ edit ]
In the Church of England and the Church of Ireland , the metropolitan of the second province has since medieval times also been accorded the title of primate . In England , the Archbishop of Canterbury is known as the `` Primate of All England '' [ 2 ] while the Archbishop of York as `` Primate of England '' [ 3 ] ( see also Primacy of Canterbury ) . In Ireland both the Anglican and Roman Catholic Archbishops of Armagh are titled `` Primate of All Ireland '' ; [ 4 ] [ 5 ] while both the Anglican and Roman Catholic Archbishops of Dublin are titled `` Primate of Ireland '' . [ 5 ] As both of these positions pre-date the 1921 partition , they relate to the whole of Ireland . The junior primates of these churches do not normally participate in the Primates ' Meeting .
List of current primates [ edit ]
Key Active primate Male primate Inactive primate Female primate Position vacant or acting primate
This is a list of the 41 current primates ( including four moderators of united churches ) in the worldwide Anglican Communion . The list is given according to the Anglican order of precedence , with the Archbishop of Canterbury as primus inter pares first and the others in order of seniority by their installation to their primacy .
Resignations and retirements [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ The date the person was consecrated as an Anglican ( or United Church ) bishop . ^ The date the person became primate ( usually by the confirmation of their election or by their installation , enthronement or investiture in office ) . a b c d The moderators of the Churches of Bangladesh , of North India , of Pakistan and of South India are not , strictly speaking , primates , but they nonetheless rank with and participate alongside the Communion 's primates . a b c Three bishops representing each of the three tikanga share the Primacy and the style of `` Archbishop of New Zealand '' .
See also [ edit ]
WATCH : With four new orcas calves born this year , the population along the B.C . coast is up . Despite the good news experts say the whales are still struggling due to pollution and warmer waters , so when a group had a chance to save a female beached on some rocks earlier this week , they sprung into action . Jayme Doll reports .
A dedicated team of people are receiving praise this morning after working for about eight hours to keep a beached orca alive .
The orca was first spotted on Wednesday , just after 8 a.m. in the northern Squally Channel near the village of Hartley Bay .
The female had breached herself trying to hunt seals on the rock and became stuck during the tide .
A group known as the Guardians from Hartley Bay , along with the group Whale Point and members of the World Wildlife Federation and the Gitga'at Nation were quickly on the scene .
WATCH : How a young orca became beached on the north coast , and what was done to save the whale . Linda Aylesworth reports .
George Fisher , who is a member of the Guardians from Hartley Bay , said they heard about it on a radio call and headed down to the area . “ The first report came in shortly after 8 a.m. and it was just [ about 4:15 p.m. ] when she was back in the water , ” he said .
“ My first thought was ‘ how are we going to get it out of there ? ' ” added Fisher .
Hermann Meuter , who runs The Cetacean Lab and Whale Point , said they also contacted the Department of Fisheries and Oceans to check with them about approaching the whale and trying to help .
A few members of the group , including Meuter and Fisher , were then able to approach the whale .
“ What we noticed right away is that the skin of the whale was already really dry , so with the advice from the DFO we had a lot of blankets and sheets and we started pouring salt water on the sheets that were covering the whale , just to keep the skin cool , to reduce the stress level for the whale , ” said Meuter .
He did that for about three hours and then as more people came to help , they continued to pour water over the whale to prevent overheating . They could hear the orca crying but she remained calm . “ By early afternoon , the tide started rising again , and by three o'clock the level of the water was touching the whale again , ” said Meuter .
WATCH : Beached orca kept alive while anxious pod watches nearby .
By 3:30 p.m. she was floating again and it took her about 45 minutes more to negotiate the situation and maneuver herself back in the water . “ She was incredibly patient in doing this , ” said Meuter . “ There was no rush , she was extremely calm , she was already calling out for her family . ”
“ It was a team effort , and fortunately on some level this transient orca understood that we were trying to help , ” said Whale Point in a Facebook post .
When she swam away , there were a lot of cheers and yelling from the group that stayed all day to help .
The orca is about 11 years old and belongs to Transient Pod T69 . She is known as T69E . When she was stranded , the four members of her pod stayed fairly close by , circling the rocks .
“ They stuck it out there all day long , ” says Fisher .
Another pod also came into the area and hung around for some time .
“ When T69E finally got off the rocks , we had a hydrophone in the water and you could hear the calls of the whale that just got free and you could hear the family calling away in the distance , ” said Meuter . “ So there was instant communication , which is very important . She took a couple of shallow dives and then one big dive , so we are pretty sure she was reunited with her family quite quickly . ”
“ A giant thank-you once again to this amazing community that comes together so quickly to protect what is sacred , ” said Whale Point .
Dr. Martin Haulena , at the Vancouver Aquarium , said the orca would have been very sore after her ordeal and likely suffered some bruising . He said when orcas and whales become breached and lie with all their weight outside the water it can cause some tissue to die , so researchers will be keeping an eye on T69E for the next few days at least .
“ It is no fun for a five-ton orca to be stranded on the rocks for that long , it was very stressful , ” said Meuter .
Photos of the whale , courtesy of George Fisher :
Accusations that a California sheriff 's deputy forced inmates at a local to jail to fight one another for his own amusement has landed an official with an already sordid past in hot water once again .
The jailer , Deputy Scott Neu , and three of his colleagues are now on paid administrative leave as authorities look intoclaimslaid forth on Thursday by San Francisco 's elected public defender , Jeff Adachi .
Interviews conducted with two inmates who say they were forced to fight one another were released on Thursday . In the recordings , the men said they felt threatened by Neu and only participated over fear of what would happen if they refused .
“ He threatened to handcuff and beat me up , ” one of the inmates , Stanley Harris , said during a recent phone interview . “ He said he 'd put me in like a holding tank , handcuff me and fuck me up . ”
Harris , a six-foot tall African-American man weighing roughly 350 pounds , said Neu promised to reward him if he fought another inmate , Ricardo Palikiko Garcia , and won .
“ I got a cheeseburger if you whoop his ass , ” Harris said he was told by the deputy . “ I 'll take care of you if you fuck him up , ” he recalled hearing .
Public Defender : jail deputies in SF are organizing gladiator fights among inmates pic.twitter.com/Fy3oNrKrDe — Mark Matthews ( @ MarkMatthewsNBC ) March 26 , 2015
The two inmates were forced to fight each other in front of Neu and other deputies twice since early March , both men told investigators . Adachi began examining claims of misconduct after being alerted by the father of one of the inmates on March 12 . Soon after he hired a private detective to gather evidence , and Adachi decided to go public with the details on Thursday after learning that another fight was forthcoming .
In between fights , according to Harris , Neu subjected him to “ training ” by forcing him to do hundreds of push-ups to physically prepare . In other instances , according to the inmate , Neu took off his belt and shirt and tried to fight Harris . Another time , he told Adachi that he felt sexually threatened when the deputy made a remark about the prisoner 's “ cheeks . ”
Garcia , Harris ' challenger , said during an interview with Adachi that deputies , including Neu , had forced him to fight and had placed bets on the brawl . He claims he was told he would be taken to a secluded spot to be beaten and restrained if he refused .
As far as the fights , Garcia said that Neu told him “ anything goes . ”
“ Just do n't punch in the face so – so no one can basically see the marks . But anything goes other than the face , ” he said .
According to Adachi , a private investigation led him to conclude that Neu made the men partake in at least two jailhouse brawls earlier this month at the county jail on 850 Bryant Street . Adachi said he hired a private investigator to interview potential witnesses after learning that an inmate at the facility said he was injured , possibly with a broken rib , as a result of fighting with another man . The subsequent probe , Adachi said , suggested Neu had been orchestrating brawls among prisoners and betting on the outcome .
“ These revelations are sickening , ” Adachi said . “ Deputy Neu forced these young men to participate in gladiator-style fights for his own sadistic entertainment . ”
To other inmates , Garcia said , Neu confiscated belongings and then made them gamble to get them back .
“ [ I ] just feel like he gets a kick out of it because I just see the look on his face and , you know , it looks like it brings him joy by doing this , while we 're suffering by what he 's doing , ” Garcia told investigators . “ I do n't know if it 's a gamble addiction or if he just likes to see inmates go through , you know , you know , a whole lot of pain . ”
Inmate says if he lost fight deputies would take his food . pic.twitter.com/Yb5Tl76jdz — Mark Matthews ( @ MarkMatthewsNBC ) March 26 , 2015
“ This is sadistic behavior , ” Adachi said of the allegations . “ This is something that goes beyond any sense of common decency . ”
Neu was previously accused of sexually harassing and sexually assaulting inmates , yet remained employed by the city even after the San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to settle those claims out of court in 2009 .
“ It was sick , sick conduct , ” Adante Pointer , an attorney who represented a female inmate in that case , recalled this week . “ I am surprised he was even still in the position to be with inmates unsupervised . ”
According to Pointer , Neu was accused of forcing his client and two transgender inmates to perform sexual acts on him . The city settled to the tune of $ 97,500 , according to Board of Supervisors records , and Neu was reassigned to inmate transport , Pointer said .
Mark Nicco , an assistant legal counsel for the San Francisco County Sheriff 's Department , told Reuters that Deputies Evan Staehely , Eugene Jones and Clifford Iba are on administrative leave pending the results of an internal investigation , as is Neu . In a statement to the San Francisco Chronicle , however , the San Francisco Deputy Sheriff 's Association said that the allegations were “ exaggerated ” and called the fighting “ little more than horseplay . ”
“ [ Adachi ] has done a cursory sham investigation by interviewing a few inmates over a scant two days rather than having the decency to request a serious impartial investigation , ” Harry Stern , an attorney for the deputy 's union , told the newspaper .
Not all law enforcement officials share that opinion , though . Ross Mirkarimi , the county sheriff , called the alleged acts “ barbaric ” and said he would ask for the state and federal government to open their own probes . On Thursday , the San Francisco police chief and district attorney 's office both said that they had launched their own investigations .
Wall Street and Western bourses have until now brushed aside worries that recovery in the US , Japan and southern Europe may be stalling – as have commodity markets – betting the lords of finance will come to the rescue with more liquidity if needed .
Equity investors learned this week that they had misjudged the risk of a relapse as fiscal stimulus wears off , and misread the willingness of the US Federal Reserve to respond . Wrongly viewing Ben Bernanke 's Fed as a soft touch , they took a fresh blast of quantitative easing for granted before it was agreed .
What has emerged since the acrimonious Fed meeting on August 10 is that Bernanke was unable to marshal a consensus behind fresh QE . Seven members argued that Fed should not take such a drastic step until the economy was in serious trouble , according to Wall Street Journal Fed-watcher Jon Hilsenrath .
They settled on a compromise that the Fed should roll over holdings of bonds as they reach maturity to avoid passive tightening . But there was no deal on further action . Philadelphia 's Charles Plosser grumbled that the Fed had sent `` a garbled message '' .
More ominously , some Fed officials fear the central bank is already `` pushing on a string '' and does not have the means to revive the economy . Whether or not they are right , this comes as a psychological shock for investors schooled by the `` Greenspan Put ' into thinking that there is a deus ex machina in the wings .
Market tensions have been simmering for days . They erupted on Tuesday when Japan 's yen smashed through resistance against all major currencies , reaching a 15-year peak against the US dollar . The Nikkei index buckled below 9,000 as yen strength pushed Japan 's export industry deeper underwater .
Yields on 10-year bonds fell to 0.92pc in Japan and record lows of 2.23pc in Germany and 2.88pc in the UK . They hit 2.47pc in the US , a Depression level . Irish spreads ballooned to the highest since the launch of EMU . Greek spreads neared 900 basis points , as if the EU 's €110bn bail-out never happened .
`` This has been one of the most interesting days in finance ever , '' said Andrew Roberts , head of credit at RBS . `` We are right at the tipping point . Yields are about to collapse even further , equities are about to turn over . The end game approaches , probably in next few weeks . ''
In the US , the 27pc collapse in existing homes sales in July leaves no doubt that America 's property market can not stand on its own feet without the prop of homebuyer tax credits . `` Home sales are in free-fall . These are truly dismal numbers , '' said Teunis Brosens from ING .
The overhang of unsold homes has jumped from 8.9 months ' supply to 12.5 , higher than at any point during the Great Recession . Over 20pc of mortgage holders are already in negative equity and home default notices hit 325,000 in July .
The Richmond Fed 's manufacturing index showed a plunge in August expectations on Tuesday , with shipments dropping to 7 from 40 two months earlier , and the backlog of orders dropping to -1 from 22 . This follows the Philly Fed 's crash last week to -7 .
Stephen Lewis from Monument Securities said bond yields have dropped further than they did in the `` flight to safety '' extreme of late 2008 , a sign that markets fear that underlying conditions are even worse today than they thought then . `` Now they fear the global economy will remain in the mire for decades , '' he said .
For the Japanese this has become a nightmare . Their V-shaped rebound has been cut off short of its 2008 peak . Growth stalled to just 0.1pc in the second quarter . Unemployment has been rising for four months .
Yet it is their curse to have a currency that strengthens at the wrong time , pushing them deeper into deflation . The Japanese repatriate their foreign wealth in storms , driving up the yen . The dollar-yen rate hit ¥83.6 yesterday , prompting ever warnings from Toyko that intervention nears . Finance minister Yoshihiko Noda said the moves were `` disorderly '' and posed a threat to stability . `` I am watching currencies with great interest , '' he said .
Goldman Sachs said the yen was now overvalued by 20pc , or two `` standard deviations '' out of kilter . It was even more over-valued against the dollar in the mid-1990s but that is scarcely relevant . Over 60pc of Japan 's rebound in exports has been driven by Asia , and only 13pc by the US . What matters is the yen rate against China 's yuan . That has reached a crucifying ¥12.4 . The vice grips ever deeper .
Regal Cinemas 11 in Tribeca . Photo : Peter Kramer/2005 Getty Images
Regal Cinemas , the nation 's largest movie-theater chain , announced it 's beginning to search ticket buyers ' bags before letting them in , according to multiple reports . The move comes on the heels of an uptick in movie-theater shootings as well as the release of a survey that found roughly half of moviegoers interviewed wanted more security . “ Security issues have become a daily part of our lives in America , ” the company said in a statement . “ To ensure the safety of our guests and employees , backpacks and bags of any kind are subject to inspection prior to admission . We acknowledge that this procedure can cause some inconvenience and that it is not without flaws , but hope these are minor in comparison to increased safety. ” As Entertainment Weekly notes , it 's unclear whether the new policy will come with a ticket-price hike ( the survey indicated that many people would be okay with a small additional fee ) . A manager at a Florida location confirmed with news site Local 6 that this is a new corporate security policy .
From Russia to the Pentagon budget , Republicans in Congress are proposing new checks to curb the White House 's power and in some cases simply ignoring the Trump administration 's desires on national security and foreign policy .
Wary of favorable comments Trump has previously made about Russia , the Senate has passed a significant Russia sanctions package that gives Congress the ability to review any administration effort to roll back sanctions against the Kremlin . Congressional committees approved three defense bills this week boosting Pentagon spending by about $ 30 billion more than the Trump administration proposed after Republicans complained that Trump 's budget failed to rebuild the military as he promised .
And in a surprise vote this week , a House panel approved an amendment to repeal the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force , which provides legal authority for the US wars in Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan .
`` I think it 's sinking in , especially with Republican members of Congress , that they are not getting the kind of adult leadership out of the White House that would allow you to give deference to the White House , '' said Mieke Eoyang , a national security analyst at Third Way and former congressional aide . `` So you see Congress stepping up to take a much more aggressive role on national security for the first time in a very long time . ''
Legislative vs. Executive
For years , a small chorus in Congress has bemoaned the legislative branch giving back its national security powers to the executive , from war-making to the budget caps imposed by the sequestration law .
Congress certainly has n't taken back those authorities in full , and some experts argue most of the steps taken thus far are mostly symbolic . There are still major hurdles to passing a new ISIS war authorization , the new Russia sanctions have stalled with the House , and sequestration spending caps are still looming over the spending process .
`` I 'm cautiously optimistic that Congress is looking to assert some structure on a chaotic national security process ... but at the moment these do n't yet strike me as significant checks -- yet , '' said Loren DeJonge Schulman , a defense analyst at the Center for a New American Security . `` I 'll be willing to say Congress is offering a real check to this administration when it refuses to fund one of its initiatives , or halts war funding until a clear strategy is provided . ''
There were also similar efforts to curb President Barack Obama 's national security powers , including blocking the closure of the US military prison in Guantanamo Bay and rolling back surveillance authorities .
At the start of the Trump administration , Republican congressional leaders on national security were hopeful that the national security team -- Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , national security adviser H.R . McMaster and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats -- would steer Trump in what they consider the right direction .
Trump was praised for his decision to strike Syria in response to a chemical weapons attack . But in many cases , Trump has ignored or overruled his national security team , and the President 's actions and statements -- or lack of action -- has sparked a more robust response on Capitol Hill than during the Obama years .
`` I think we are seeing a growing dose of skepticism by members of Congress -- notably in the President 's own party -- about Trump 's ability and willingness to grasp the complexities of key national security problems and his unique responsibilities as commander in chief , '' said John Kirby , a CNN diplomatic and military analyst a former Pentagon and State Department spokesman under Obama .
Rebukes of Trump
The Senate 's Russia sanctions bill may be the most significant fight thus far over the balance of national security power . The bill , which passed 98-2 , would give Congress the ability to block Trump from rolling back sanctions on Moscow and comes amid concerns from lawmakers following a Washington Post report in May that said Trump was considering returning two Russian compounds that the US seized in December sanctions on Russia .
Senators are now pressing the House to pass the bill without weakening it .
While the House Appropriations Committee 's vote to repeal the 2001 war authorization is unlikely to be signed into law , it is another implicit rebuke to Trump and a sign of growing congressional discontent with an unchecked war on terror .
The proposed amendment received support from both Democrats and Republicans during debate , but the vote caught House leaders in both parties off guard .
In other cases , Congress has taken symbolic gestures to rebuke the President .
The Senate , for instance , passed an amendment reaffirming support for NATO 's Article 5 principle that an attack on one member is an attack on all -- a vote that came after Trump did not reaffirm the principle during his speech at NATO headquarters . The House passed a similar resolution on the floor this week to reaffirm the US commitment to NATO .
Key Republican senators are also injecting themselves directly into foreign policy decisions .
After Trump took Saudi Arabia 's side in the blockade of Qatar by four Gulf countries -- putting him at odds with statements from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson -- Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker got involved .
The Tennessee Republican said he would use his authority as chairman to block any new foreign arms sales to all of the countries involved until a path to a resolution was found .
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain has slammed the administration for failing to articulate a strategy for Afghanistan , and he threatened to provide one himself at a June confirmation hearing for Patrick Shanahan , Trump 's nominee for deputy defense secretary .
`` The President has two choices : Either give us a strategy or we will put a strategy that we develop into the defense authorization bill , '' McCain said .
Ignoring Trump 's budget
McCain did not include his own Afghanistan strategy in his defense bill that passed this week given that Mattis has promised one in July . But the Arizona Republican did blow by the Trump administration 's Pentagon budget request , authorizing $ 640 billion in base spending compared to the Trump budget 's $ 603 billion request .
`` He called it a 10 % ( budget increase ) , '' McCain told CNN . `` It was n't . It was 3 % , and it was a joke . I think it 's very clear that the majority of Congress , because of events in the world , view more seriously the cuts that have been made in defense spending . ''
While Republicans will still have to fight with Democrats over final spending levels , McCain and other defense hawks have placed the blame for Trump 's defense spending levels at the feet of his budget chief , Mick Mulvaney , a fiscal hawk who often targeted defense spending while in Congress .
`` Congress is in the lead here , but we 're not making this up , we 're going to the experts , '' said Ohio Republican Rep. Mike Turner . `` We 're listening to DoD and we 're merely giving them what they 've already said that they needed . The problem is that OMB did n't listen and we are . ''
The Trump administration 's proposed 32 % cut to the State Department budget has gotten even less consideration in Congress , as lawmakers in both parties say they 're going to ignore the proposal .
`` After about five minutes , I said , 'This is a total waste of time , ' '' Corker told Tillerson at a June budget hearing . `` The budget that 's being presented is not going to be the budget we deal with . It 's just not . ''
Sean Penn can do just about anything on screen — and that includes playing an impressively nimble former Special Forces op , as you can see above in the exclusive action-packed first trailer for The Gunman .
While you would n't know it by the 54-year-old Oscar winner 's expert gun and machete moves , The Gunman marks the very first action movie in Penn 's 40-year career .
Seeing how he dispatches the bad guys with ease , it 's surprising Penn has n't taken on the genre before . Still , the Mystic River and Milk actor does n't consider himself a typical hero . “ Calling it an ‘ action film ' is kind of like calling Meryl Streep a sexy blond chick , ” he told USA Today over the summer when he was shooting the film in Europe . “ She is . But that really does n't tell the story of what she is at all .
`` I do n't separate this in my mind from anything else I have done . It 's a very human story that deals with the same things exploited in action films , like warfare . ''
Sean Penn in The Gunman More
In The Gunman , Penn plays Jim Terrier , who has taken up non-violent work in the Congo to distance himself from his vicious past . He gets pulled back in , though , when his ladylove ( played by Jasmine Trinca ) gets in trouble . The film also stars Javier Bardem , Idris Elba , and Ray Winstone .
Penn appears in top physical shape for the role , but , again , he does n't really want to go there , abstaining from discussing the diet and exercise prep he did for the role : “ I find anatomical discussions much more interesting when centered on the female form , ” he told USA Today . `` I 'll leave it at that . ”
The Gunman , directed by Pierre Morel ( The Transporter , Taken ) , storms theaters March 20 .
Photo : Open Road Films
By Justin Gardner
🔊 Listen to Article
Five years ago , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) was commissioned by Congress to undertake a study on the impacts of hydraulic fracturing ( fracking ) on drinking water . This newer method of oil and gas extraction involves the pumping of highly pressurized water , sand and chemicals into underground rock formations .
Fracking has driven the boom in U.S. oil production and contributed to the steep drop in gasoline prices , but the environmental impacts of this relatively new technique are not well understood .
The EPA 's draft study—released in June to solicit input from advisers and the public—found that fracking has already contaminated drinking water , stating in the report :
We found specific instances where one or more mechanisms led to impacts on drinking water resources , including contamination of drinking water wells… Approximately 6,800 sources of drinking water for public water systems were located within one mile of at least one hydraulically fractured well … These drinking water sources served more than 8.6 million people year-round in 2013… Hydraulic fracturing can also affect drinking water resources outside the immediate vicinity of a hydraulically fractured well .
Despite these findings , and EPA 's own admissions of “ data limitations and uncertainties ” as well as “ the paucity of long-term systemic studies , ” the agency stated in its conclusion that “ there is no evidence fracking has led to widespread , systemic impacts on drinking water resources . ”
Industry hacks and their MSM cheerleaders took this line and ran with it , proclaiming that “ the science is settled ” on fracking and any further concerns are just crazed environmental activists pursuing an agenda .
However , it turns out that the EPA 's own science advisers have repudiated the study 's major conclusion , saying that it is “ inconsistent with the observations , data and levels of uncertainty . ”
“ Major findings are ambiguous or are inconsistent with the observations/data presented in the body of the report , ” the 31-member scientific review board said on Thursday . The panel will have a public teleconference on Feb. 1 before sending its final recommendations to EPA .
The conclusion of the draft report had already drawn suspicion of political tampering . Adding to this is the fact that EPA left out high-profile cases in Pennsylvania , Texas and Wyoming “ where hydraulic fracturing activities are perceived by many members of the public to have caused significant local impacts to drinking water sources . ”
The EPA draft report also found that failed wells and aboveground spills may have affected drinking water resources . It found evidence of more than 36,000 spills from 2006 to 2012 . According to Bloomberg :
“ Spill data alone “ gives sufficient pause to reconsider the statement ” that there 's no evidence of systemic , widespread damage , said panelist Bruce Honeyman , professor emeritus at the Colorado School of Mines . “ It 's important to characterize and discuss the frequency and severity of outliers that have occurred , ” said panelist Katherine Bennett Ensor , chairwoman of the Rice University Department of Statistics . And panel member James Bruckner , a professor of pharmacology and toxicology at the University of Georgia , said the report glosses over the limited data and studies available to the agency . “ I do not think that the document 's authors have gone far enough to emphasize how preliminary these key conclusions are and how limited the factual bases are for their judgments , ” Bruckner said . Young , the University of California professor who suggested rewriting the top-line conclusion , faulted the document for trying “ to draw a global and permanent conclusion about the safety or impacts of hydraulic fracturing at the national level ” given the “ uncertainties and data limitations described in the report . ” ”
In light of these criticisms , there will be heavy pressure to revise the EPA 's conclusion in the final report , and the oil and gas industry will have major egg on its face .
The fact is , fracking was fast-tracked into use before the environmental impacts could be properly assessed . Public health and environmental quality took a back seat to the profits of an industry that long ago cemented its grip on federal and state governments .
The oil and gas industry tried their hardest , with the help of government agencies , to keep the identity of fracking fluids from becoming public knowledge . But as that information has come out , we are finding that these chemicals pose catastrophic risks to human health , as a study by the Yale School of Public Health points out .
In an analysis of more than 1,000 chemicals in fluids used in and created by hydraulic fracturing ( fracking ) , Yale School of Public Health researchers found that many of the substances have been linked to reproductive and developmental health problems , and the majority had undetermined toxicity due to insufficient information . Further exposure and epidemiological studies are urgently needed to evaluate potential threats to human health from chemicals found in fracking fluids and wastewater created by fracking .
Contamination of drinking water is not the only threat that fracking poses . Oklahoma , which has gone full speed ahead with fracking operations , has seen a 730 percent increase in earthquake activity since 2013 . Since the start of the new year , 69 earthquakes have struck , with two registering a magnitude of 4.7 and 4.8 .
The state 's own Geological Survey admitted , “ we know that the recent rise in earthquakes can not be entirely attributed to natural causes. ” They say the earthquakes are caused by wastewater injection wells , not fracking , but this is dubious considering the tremendous influence of the oil and gas industry in that state .
A report released last year by a group of seismologists , researchers , and oil and gas industry representatives “ overwhelming connected hydro fracturing to the surge in earthquakes . ”
It is past time for government to stop endangering public and environmental health by protecting the fossil fuel industry with bogus conclusions in its risk assessments .
Justin Gardner writes for TheFreeThoughtProject.com
Frederick Douglass most photographed American of the 19th century ; images used to prompt change
Frederick Douglass Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Frederick Douglass most photographed American of the 19th century ; images used to prompt change 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW HAVEN -- The most photographed American of the 19th century was n't a bearded guy in a stovepipe hat .
It was n't a president , an inventor , a captain of industry , a general or a crusty gent writing under the pen name Twain .
It was a former slave , Frederick Douglass , who rattled the chains of oppression in the nation 's face .
`` There are at least 160 photographs of Douglass that we 've found so far , '' said Zoe Trodd , a faculty fellow at Columbia University who is in New Haven to do research for a pair of scholarly projects on the famous abolitionist . She outlined some of that research at an event held by the Yale University 's Gilder Lehrman Center for the Study of Slavery , Resistance and Abolition .
Until recently , Gen. George Armstrong Custer was thought to be the most photographed American of the 1800s , with about 155 known photos , Trodd explained . After that are Abraham Lincoln and writer Walt Whitman , with 130 photos each .
Author Mark Twain and showman Wild Bill Cody actually had more photographs taken , but many of those came after the year 1900 . As for the most photographed people in the world in the 19th century , that would be members of the British royal family , with roughly 600 photographs each .
But unlike any of those others , Douglass used his image explicitly to provoke social change .
`` It became one of his most powerful arguments against slavery and for full and equal citizenship , '' according to Trodd . `` Douglass is shattering expectations in his photographs . He 's transforming the African American body into an emblem of heroism and pushing the boundaries of possibility for black masculinity . ''
Two of the Douglass photos were taken in Connecticut , Trodd noted , including one taken in New Haven in the 1860s .
The existing photographic record of Douglass begins with an 1841 daguerreotype image , taken just a few years after Douglass escaped to freedom from slavery . He was 23 . The final photo of Douglass came on his deathbed , in 1895 .
In between were images -- many of them iconic -- that presented an aura of dignity , determination and gravitas .
Trodd said Douglass orchestrated most of his photos with a clear vision of how he wanted to be presented . He almost never smiled . He did n't use props . He removed elaborate backdrops and decorative elements .
In part , Douglass was trying to counteract the many images of African Americans in submissive poses , wearing little clothing . He also wanted to negate cartoonish representations of black facial features .
In later years , after he 'd become world famous , he used his photographic image to offset paintings and sketches in the media that made his features look more Caucasian .
`` He 's battling racist caricatures , '' Trodd said .
The result is a visual legacy that continues to this day . Trodd has documented murals , statues and public displays of Douglass in New York City , Baltimore , Los Angeles , Detroit , Dayton , Washington , D.C. , Boston and elsewhere . Douglass also adorns books , stamps , paintings , drawings and web sites .
Meanwhile , the search for more Douglass photographs continues . Ideally , Trodd said , she 'd like to locate another five or 10 photos .
You never know when Gen. Custer 's researchers will try to make a last stand .
Call Jim Shelton at 203-789-5664 . To receive breaking news first - text the word NHNEWS to 22700 . * Msg & Data Rates May Apply . Text HELP for help . Text STOP to cancel .
EU Court Says , Yes , You Can Resell Your Software , Even If The Software Company Says You Ca n't
from the good-for-them dept
It makes no difference , in a situation such as that at issue in the main proceedings , whether the copy of the computer program was made available to the customer by the rightholder concerned by means of a download from the rightholder 's website or by means of a material medium such as a CD-ROM or DVD . Even if , in the latter case too , the rightholder formally separates the customer 's right to use the copy of the program supplied from the operation of transferring the copy of the program to the customer on a material medium , the operation of downloading from that medium a copy of the computer program and that of concluding a licence agreement remain inseparable from the point of view of the acquirer , for the reasons set out in paragraph 44 above . Since an acquirer who downloads a copy of the program concerned by means of a material medium such as a CD-ROM or DVD and concludes a licence agreement for that copy receives the right to use the copy for an unlimited period in return for payment of a fee , it must be considered that those two operations likewise involve , in the case of the making available of a copy of the computer program concerned by means of a material medium such as a CD-ROM or DVD , the transfer of the right of ownership of that copy .
As Oracle rightly observes , ascertaining whether such a copy has been made unusable may prove difficult . However , a copyright holder who distributes copies of a computer program on a material medium such as a CD-ROM or DVD is faced with the same problem , since it is only with great difficulty that he can make sure that the original acquirer has not made copies of the program which he will continue to use after selling his material medium . To solve that problem , it is permissible for the distributor – whether ‘ classic ' or ‘ digital ' – to make use of technical protective measures such as product keys .
You may remember that a couple years ago , an appeals court in the US ruled that , when dealing with software , as long as the provider calls what it sells `` a license '' rather than a `` sale '' it can take away your first sale rights . As you hopefully know , first sale rights are what let you resell goods that have copyright-covered material in them -- such as books -- without asking for permission from the copyright holder . However , for reasons that still do n't make any sense , the 9th Circuit seems to think that as long as something is purely digital , first sale no longer applies.The Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal , so while technically the ruling still only applies in the 9th Circuit , it 's what most consider to be the state of the law in the US ( there is always the possibility a different circuit court could disagree and it could go back to the Supreme Court -- and one could argue that some other rulings in the 9th Circuit already conflict -- but for now , the Autodesk case is widely considered the standard ) . There is , also , the upcoming ReDigi case , of which there 's a decent profile in the Boston Globe -- but that 's focused on music , and it 's not entirely clear how that one will come out either.Over in Europe , however , it appears that the European Court of Justice ( who has been pushing out some relatively insightful rulings on copyright issues lately ) seems to recognize just how ridiculous the 9th Circuit 's view on first sale and software really is . In a new ruling , it has upheld the right of first sale on software , basically saying that you are buying a license and that license is resellable.The specific case involved a company , UsedSoft , that was trying to create a market in reselling used software . Oracle sued , claiming that its license agreement specifically stated that it could not be resold . However , the court found that the right of first sale applied . In the court 's language , it talks about copyright `` exhaustion '' which is the idea that once you 've sold something you 've `` exhausted '' your right to control it.There are some interesting side notes on this . First , the courtrules that if Oracle promised free maintenance updates to the original licensee , it must continue to provide those to whomever purchased the `` used '' software . However , it also puts a couple of limitations on this . The first one is somewhat obvious : the seller of the used license can no longer be using the software . Oracle argued that this would be hard to track , but the court rightly points out that this is the same issue that those who sell software on CD-ROMs and DVDs face , but they figure out how to survive : Separately , however , the court ruled that youdivvy up the number of seats in a license and sell them individually . That is , if you buy a 100 seat license to some software , and are only using 50 , you ca n't then sell just those other 50 seats . This ruling says that the first sale only applies to the entire license agreement , basically.There is some disagreement as to how `` big '' an impact this ruling will have . To be honest , I 'm not convinced that the overall impact will be that large , but I think it is a good thing that the court appears to recognize that you can not contract away certain rights granted to you under copyright . Copyright holders have long tried to remove the limitations and exceptions of copyright law through contracts and `` licenses . '' Recognizing that those limitations and exceptions really do exist is important , and it 's good to see the EU Court of Justice release a clear ruling on that issue .
Filed Under : europe , european court of justice , first sale , resale , scotus , software license
Companies : oracle , usedsoft
In a Discovery Channel program I saw about the history of sex , there was a brief discussion of `` Roman brothel tokens , '' coins showing images of various sexual acts . Lustful Roman soldiers in far-flung corners of the empire apparently used them to overcome the problem of expressing their specific desires in the local dialect . This all sounded very interesting if true , but what 's the straight dope ?
Cecil replies :
The use of tokens or other counters in various sex-for-pay setups — as advertising to prospective johns , to keep track of how many had been served and by whom , to keep cash out of the workers ' hands , etc — was n't uncommon in the past ; examples abound from the American frontier , Boer War-era South Africa , and turn-of-the-century Manhattan . In 1919 Upton Sinclair described learning in his youth of a system under which a brothel patron would pay a cashier up front and receive a so-called “ brass check , ” a token he could subsequently redeem for a sex worker 's services .
So if something similar was going on in ancient Rome involving the racy coins known as spintriae , it would n't be much of a shocker . After all , the Romans , who were nothing if not well organized , enjoy a richly deserved rep for ingenuity in logistics-oriented fields including architecture , engineering , and military strategy ; it makes sense to suppose they could have devised a token system to streamline the economics of prostitution , had anyone seen the need . It 's not clear , though , that this was the case .
Somewhat smaller than a quarter and struck from brass or bronze , a spintria typically depicts an X-rated scene on one face and a Roman numeral from I to XVI on the other . ( In coin-collecting lingo , the side with the image would usually be designated the obverse , or front side , but in this case , depending on the activity depicted — well , you see where I 'm going . ) They 're thought to have been minted somewhere between the years 22 and 37 , during the reign of the emperor Tiberius , about whom more later .
Typical rates for prostitutes at the time were somewhere in the range of two to ten asses ( giggle if you must , but yes , the basic unit of Roman currency was called the as ) , which lines up fairly well with the 1-to-16 range imprinted on the coins . Throw in the fact that the hanky-panky is shown taking place in a luxe setting possibly suggestive of a high-rent cathouse , and you can understand why many have guessed that spintriae were in fact standardized sex tokens , with the number on the back naming the fee for the act shown on the front . Offered in support of this conclusion is a study by a Warsaw professor who surveyed modern-day prostitutes ( ah , academia ) and found that their higher- and lower-priced services corresponded to acts pictured on the higher- and lower-numbered tokens respectively .
Not so fast , say other researchers — for one , Geoffrey Fishburn of the University of New South Wales , whose 2007 paper “ Is That a Spintria in Your Pocket , or Are You Just Pleased to See Me ? ” is well worth perusal by anyone interested in the topic . Such skeptics note that ( 1 ) the same sex act sometimes appears on coins bearing different numbers , which hurts the number-equals-price theory ; ( 2 ) unambiguous references to such tokens are strangely absent from Roman writings ( the purported examples that do get cited are notably iffy ) ; ( 3 ) identical scenes show up in Pompeiian murals , suggesting these may have been commonly depicted artistic themes ; ( 4 ) spintriae have been found in excavated bathhouses but never ( points out Anise Strong of Northwestern U . ) in the ruins of actual brothels ; ( 5 ) the correlation between modern prostitutes ' rates and the tokens ' numbering system is n't as neat as the Polish study would have it ; and so forth .
We 'll likely never know for sure , but if spintriae were n't a foolproof means for a Roman soldier to place his bordello order , what were they ? Possibilities include gambling chips or markers , or claim-check tokens from bathhouse locker rooms . They could also just have been some kind of risque novelty item — the 30 AD equivalent of a ballpoint pen sporting the image of a bathing beauty in a disappearing bikini .
Whatever the intent behind their manufacture , spintriae apparently became objects of political humor . Tiberius was famously rumored to be into the kinky stuff ( in citations provided by the OED , the adjective spintrian , basically meaning “ anything but vanilla , ” comes up several times in conjunction with his name ) , and since official coins bore his likeness , the idea of alternate , sexually explicit versions may have struck some as a joke at Tiberius 's expense — a sort of ribald editorial cartoon in brass . Which seems plausible enough : at this point , if you happened upon a fake 20 with a truly raunchy scene where the White House should be , tell me you would n't at least for a moment think , yup , that 's what the administration 's been doing nonstop for seven years now .
Send questions to Cecil via cecil @ straightdope.com .
Twilight and Rainbow Dash , together ? Must be that 'opposites attract ' thing . Then again , maybe they have more in common than they 're letting on ...
An ongoing series of slice-of-life snapshots . RD , I said to keep the Library clop-free , not ... oh , forget it !
All chapters originally written as separate entries for flash-fic blog Thirty Minute Pony Stories ( TMP ) . I highly recommend a visit to TMP if you 're looking for some of the best 1000-word gems in pony fiction . Many thanks to TMP for inspiring me to write !
Chapter Summaries :
Epilogue - The next Daring Do book is n't out yet , so Twilight convinces Rainbow to read a romance novel instead . That never works - does it ?
Second - Twilight reads everything she can get her hooves on . Sometimes she finds things she 'd rather not know , or in this case , that Dash would rather not know .
Becoming Daring - The latest Daring Do novel is n't quite what Dash expected , and her reaction is n't what a friend of hers expected , either .
Firelight - Not every schedule has to be full and not every list has to be checked off .
Lift , Weight , Thrust , and Drag - Dash 's friends ca n't save her from an anniversary date with Twilight , at which she will show Twilight a secret skill she 's kept from everypony . Twilight 's definitely not complaining !
The Wait - Agony knows the one you love is standing hoof to hoof with danger and knowing there 's absolutely nothing you can do to help .
Hoofing It - One day , Twilight will learn that reading Daring Do alone wo n't get Dash to do everything . That day is not today .
Variations on a Theme - How many combinations of Twilight Sparkle and Rainbow Dash can there be ? Plenty !
Reluctantly Yours - There 's something Rainbow Dash does n't want to lose , and Twilight refuses to let it go . Will this be the end of the awesomeness that is Dash ?
Closer to Home - Giving up one dream to keep another is n't always a bad trade .
Wings , Wonderbolts , and You - Always read the fine print . And the rest of it , too .
Pinfeathers - Dash was all she ever wanted and all she 'll never have . Twilight has n't lost Rainbow Dash , but someone has .
Daring Do and the Chapel Perilous - Something 's wrong with the Daring Do fanfic Dash and Twi are reading , and it 's not funny .
Pew ! Pew ! Pew ! - Rainbow Dash finds new and unexpected uses for the Elements of Harmony .
Less of Me - Twilight decides to help Dash 's career along , but she might be getting ahead of herself .
The Ink Was n't Even Dry Yet - Dash and Twi go head to head in a battle for the ages ! And oh , the stakes ...
Audience - Twilight Sparkle does n't dance . We hope . Dear heavens , please let her not dance .
The Trip and the Destination - Dash took on one storm too many and Twilight 's had enough of it .
A kind chap by the name of munngojerrie graciously offered to do a dramatic reading of Egghead and Featherbrain . It 's done , and it 's an hour of audiobook shipping goodness your ears will thank you for ! Take a listen to part 1 HERE and part 2 HERE and part 3 HERE .
NOTE : Not related to the Luna 's Librarian / Rustic & Romantic / If the Flight Suit Fits continuity .
The Atlanta Braves have released preliminary renderings of the massive stadium and mixed-used entertainment complex planned on the new Cobb County site . The renderings , posted to homeofthebraves.com , were accompanied by this news :
The Atlanta Braves and other private partners , will privately fund 100 percent of a signature mixed-use development that will encompass its proposed baseball stadium . The development , which will total between 700,000 and 1 million square feet of retail , restaurant , residential , hotel and office space , constitutes a $ 400 million private investment in the Cumberland CID .
Intended to thrive 365-days-a-year , the mixed-use development will provide additional entertainment options in the Cobb Galleria area , further helping to fuel activity and development along Cobb Parkway north of I-285 .
By building out the development at the same time as the construction of the stadium , the project will yield an immediate , positive economic impact for Cobb County , the metro Atlanta area and Georgia through the creation of new jobs and generation of additional sales and property tax revenues .
SANTA CRUZ > > The monarch butterfly is known for its spectacular 3,000-mile migration each year from Mexico to Canada and back .
“ It 's a unique migration , ” said Lincoln Brower , a biologist at Sweet Briar College and arguably the most established monarch butterfly expert . “ Losing it will be like losing ‘ Gone with the Wind ' or burning the Mona Lisa . It 's just an amazing , beautiful and complex phenomenon . ”
Monarch populations have plummeted 90 percent during the last two decades . They have disappeared at such an alarming rate that they might become an endangered species .
U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service said this week that it would conduct a one-year status review of the monarch to determine whether it warranted Endangered Species Act protection .
The move came after conservationist groups filed a petition seeking federal protection .
“ The monarch is one of our most famous , most well-known species of butterfly . People grew up with them , ” said Sarina Jepsen , endangered species director with Xerces Society . “ The fact that such a common species has undergone a decline this dramatic is indicative of the widespread landscape changes that we 're making for our environment . ”
Scientists attribute farming practices , habitat loss and recent severe weather for the monarch 's sharp drop to 35 million butterflies last winter , the lowest number ever recorded . In the mid-1990s , the population was estimated at 1 billion butterflies .
Brower blames the use of pesticides and genetically engineered crops in the Midwest , where most monarchs are born . Chemical spray on crops has decimated milkweed plants , which the orange and black butterflies lay their eggs on and nourish their caterpillars .
“ I think the importance of having the butterflies as a threatened species is calling attention to the plight that agriculture is doing in general , ” Brower said .
In nearly two decades , scientists estimate that monarchs may have lost more than 165 million acres of habitat , an area about the size of Texas , and nearly a third of their summer breeding grounds .
Brower called Fish and Wildlife 's announcement a wakeup call .
“ I hope it will be seen something far more important than the monarch itself , ” he said . “ This is a really amazing opportunity to call attention to catastrophic biodiversity loss . ”
Most monarchs west of the Rocky Mountains winter along the California coast . Found in abundance at Pacific Grove and Natural Bridges State Beach , the colorful butterfly is an icon to the Monterey Bay Area .
But in 1997 , more than 120,000 monarchs were counted at Natural Bridges . That number has declined to 3,400 in 2014 , statistics show .
help the monarch
Native milkweeds are essential for monarch caterpillars . Planting milkweeds improves breeding habitat for the once-common black and orange butterfly .
To find for native milkweed seeds , visit www.xerces.org/milkweed-seed-finder .
He stood , looking at the billowing veil . It was mesmerizing , in a way . Forever billowing… ..
He heard whispers . Faint , dead whispers . At one point , he could 've sworn he heard Hermione 's whispers . The veil called to him . It was tempting , oh so tempting to just walk through . Join Hermione , join Fred , join George , join mum , join Harry , the list went on and on .
For the life of him , he could n't . Why ? He could n't answer if he tried , and he did n't .
'It 's been a good life , ' he thought . A good life , but oh so many regrets .
Ron Weasley was approaching the tender age of two-hundred and twenty-six . He did n't look it , though . Red hair as vivid as ever . Freckles still prominent , eyes still a piercing blue . He did n't look a day older than seventeen .
In fact , he had not changed appearance since that fateful day , in which dark battled light . It came down to Harry and Voldemort . Harry won .
At first , no one had noticed anything wrong . Celebrations were had , although dampened from all the death that had occurred . Ron 's own brother , Fred , had died in battle .
But then , years passed . Slowly but surely , his friends aged . Hermione 's face slowly wrinkled , still beautiful in his eyes , but old . Harry 's hair became stark white . The fiery Weasley hair became a dull orange , and then faded to gray . All around him , people aged . For some reason , he did n't .
Hermione was the first one to notice . Of course she was . It was on his twenty-third birthday . He had had a small gathering with close friends and family , and they were reminiscing by looking through some old photo albums . One picture depicted him and Hermione dancing at Bill 's wedding .
`` Ron , '' Hermione had said frowning `` you looked exactly the same back then as you do now ! ''
He had thought nothing of it . Hermione had . She spent days and days throwing strange glances at him . On one particular day , she asked him to extract his memory of the Battle of Hogwarts .
Reluctantly , he had given it to her . Every day for the next week , she revisited the memory in her own personal pensieve . About a week later , she found out .
He had been hit with a curse . `` non aetatis ! '' . Hermione , the bookworm she was , spent days looking up what it was . She eventually found it . It was a spell that caused the recipient to never age . Pretty straight forward .
`` Why is that a curse ? '' Ron had asked .
`` I do n't know , '' sighed Hermione .
As the years came and passed , Ron began to figure out why . Everyone around him began to die . First it was Harry . Dragon Pox at the age of one hundred and two , not an unexpected death . Then Ginny died of old age , probably a combination of grieving over her husband , Harry , and her age . After that , it seemed that everyone he loved started dropping dead left and right . The greatest blow came when Hermione died .
That was when Ron realized just how cruel a curse it was .
And so here he was , two hundred and twenty-nine , or was it twenty-four ? Did it even matter at this point ? Utterly lonely . No one to love , no one to be loved by . Still , it was a good life . He had stopped being afraid of death for a while now , or so he thought . Why did his feet seem to be frozen , unmoving in front of the veil ?
He did n't know . Hermione would . 'It would be great if I could ask Hermione . Too bad she 's hiding behind the veil ' he thought wryly .
And so he stood there .
A/N : So , what do you think ? I know it 's not the best story , but meh . Inspiration struck so I had to write it .
In pictures : John Carver 's career in black and white at Newcastle United
In pictures : John Carver 's career in black and white at Newcastle United
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sickened and scarred by it , battered but “ not at all ” bitter , John Carver admits he “ was n't good enough ” during his five-month spell in the hot seat at Newcastle United .
But wiser for and emboldened by the experience , the 50-year-old remains determined to bounce back , and prove himself as a fully-fledged football manager .
Carver was appointed head coach at St James ' Park in January , following Alan Pardew 's departure for Crystal Palace .
Though he ultimately led the Magpies to top-flight safety , he first oversaw a club-record sequence of eight successive Premier League defeats , lost 13 of his 20 games in charge and won just three .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Amid all that he famously declared his self-confidence such that he believed himself the “ best coach in the Premier League ” .
Come June , he was dismissed by the club he had served , on and off , since the age of 16 .
But at a recent Sir Bobby Robson Foundation Golf Day , when funds raised by the charity passed £9million , Carver bore the look of a more relaxed soul .
Time away and on television has helped . Helped him reflect , and move on . Now he is ready to do just that .
But he will do so a changed man .
Less open , more guarded . Less inclined to say ‘ Yes ' unless the circumstances suit , and the odds are stacked more favourably . Less himself , to gain more .
Yet with more , much more , “ ambition , drive and belief ” than ever before .
“ I definitely had n't got to the point where I thought ‘ I 've had enough of this ' , absolutely not , ” said Carver , of his period leading Newcastle .
“ My biggest disappointment was that I never had a penny ( to spend ) . I lost two players – ( Davide ) Santon and ( Mapou ) Yanga-Mbiwa , which I agreed with – but I would have loved to have had £50million to spend .
“ Perhaps then people could have judged me .
“ If you look at last season , I was the only spokesman in the football club .
“ That in itself is a difficult situation . I got rolled out in front of the press and I had to answer all the questions . I answered them with all honesty .
“ It was a learning curve , of course it was . I picked up a few scars during that five months but I learnt so much . I 'm not that narrow-minded to think I was above everyone .
“ It 's important you remember the good things but also the bad things , and make sure you do n't make those mistakes again . I admit that I made a few mistakes and some of my comments were wrong .
“ It takes a big man to say that and I 've done that .
“ I will sit on the fence a little bit more in the future and not be so honest . I will be a spin doctor if I have to be , because I think you have to .
“ But I 'm not bitter , not at all . I understood the situation and I know what this game is about . You have to move on .
“ I was bitter when I lost my job when Sir Bobby went and ( Graeme ) Souness came in , because I lost it in totally different circumstances .
“ But I knew what the situation was last season , I put my head on the block . Obviously I was n't good enough , and I accept that . I want the club to be successful .
“ It can sicken you , yes . But where I come from I 've had to fight all of my life . I 've got ambition , drive and belief . I believe in what I do . I have learnt lessons but that has not diluted my drive to be successful .
“ I 've got a point to prove . All of the good work which went before my five months in charge was forgotten a little bit . It was tough and I took a bit of a battering .
“ Now I want to go out there and prove to myself that I can do a job .
“ I 've had a great break . I 've been holidaying in North America and Canada and have done some television work in the Middle East . I 've enjoyed it – it 's a lot easier than managing !
“ I 'm just waiting for the next challenge now and , when it comes around , I 've got to make sure it 's the right one . It 's a big one for me . I wo n't apply for something that does not give me a chance .
“ I would go abroad again , I have done it before . If it feels right then I will do it .
“ But I 've had enough of being a caretaker – Leeds ( United ) , Sheffield United and , really , I was at Newcastle .
“ I want to do what I did at Toronto and build something . It might take a bit of time but I want the opportunity to go in and build a club from the grassroots up over . ”
For further information about the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation visit www.sirbobbyrobsonfoundation.org.uk
News Release 510-525-9035 •
Reddit +1 Share 1 Shares
When a proton – the bare nucleus of a hydrogen atom – transfers from one molecule to another , or moves within a molecule , the result is a hydrogen bond , in which the proton and another atom like nitrogen or oxygen share electrons . Conventional wisdom has it that proton transfers can only happen using hydrogen bonds as conduits , “ proton wires ” of hydrogen-bonded networks that can connect and reconnect to alter molecular properties .
Hydrogen bonds are found everywhere in chemistry and biology and are critical in DNA and RNA , where they bond the base pairs that encode genes and map protein structures . Recently a team of researchers using the Advanced Light Source ( ALS ) at the U.S. Department of Energy 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) discovered to their surprise that in special cases protons can find ways to transfer even when hydrogen bonds are blocked . The team 's results appear in Nature Chemistry .
Stacking the odd molecules
A group led by Musahid Ahmed , a senior scientist in Berkeley Lab 's Chemical Sciences Division ( CSD ) , has long collaborated with a theoretical research group at the University of Southern California ( USC ) headed by Anna Krylov . In recent work to understand how bases are bonded in staircase-like molecules like DNA and RNA , Krylov 's group made computer models of paired , ring-shaped uracil molecules , and investigated what might happen to these doubled forms ( dimers ) when they were subjected to ionization – the removal of one or more electrons with resulting net positive charge .
Uracil is one of the four nucleobases of RNA , whose structure is similar to DNA except that , while both use the bases adenine , cytosine , and guanine , in DNA the fourth base is thymine and in RNA it 's uracil . The USC group used a uracil dimer labeled 1,3-dimethyluracil – “ a strange creature that does n't necessarily exist in nature , ” says CSD 's Amir Golan , who led the Berkeley Lab team at the ALS . The purpose of this strange creature , Golan says , is to block hydrogen bonding of the two identical monomers of the uracil dimer by attaching a methyl group to each , “ because methyl groups are poison to hydrogen bonds . ”
The uracils could still bond in the vertical direction by means of pi bonds , which are perpendicular to the usual plane of bonding among the flat rings of uracil and other nucleobases . “ Pi stacking ” is important in the configuration of DNA and RNA , in protein folding , and in other chemical structures as well , and pi stacking was what interested the USC researchers . They brought their theoretical calculations to Berkeley Lab for experimental testing at the ALS 's Chemical Dynamics beamline 9.0.2 .
To examine how the molecules were bonded , Golan and his colleagues first created a gaseous molecular beam of real methylated uracil monomers and dimers , then ionized them with a beam of energetic ultraviolet light from the ALS synchrotron . The resulting species were weighed in a mass spectrometer to see how the uracil had responded to the extra boost of energy .
“ Uracils could be joined by hydrogen bonds or by pi bonds , but these uracils had been methylated to block hydrogen bonds . So what we expected to see when we ionized them was that if they were bonded , they would have to be stacked on top of each other , ” Golan says . Instead of holding together by pi bonds , however , when ionized some uracil dimers had fallen apart into monomers that carried an extra proton .
Where the protons come from
“ What we did not expect to see was proton transfer , ” Golan says . “ Surprising as this was , we needed to find where the protons were coming from . The methyl groups consist of a single carbon atom and three hydrogen atoms , but methylated uracil has other hydrogens too . Still , the methyl groups were the natural suspects . ”
To test this hypothesis , the researchers invited colleagues from Berkeley Lab 's Molecular Foundry to join the collaboration . They created methyl groups in which the hydrogen atoms – which like most hydrogen had single protons as their nuclei – were replaced by deuterium atoms , “ heavy hydrogen ” atoms with nuclei consisting of a proton and a neutron of virtually the same mass .
The molecular beam experiment was repeated at the ALS , and once again some of the methylated uracil dimers fell apart into monomers upon ionization . This time , however , the tell-tale monomers were not simply protonated , they were deuterated .
Says Golan , “ By looking at the mass of the fragments we could see that instead of uracil plus one ” – the mass of a single proton – “ they were uracil plus two ” – a proton and neutron , or deuteron . “ This proved that indeed the transferred protons came from the methyl groups . ”
The experiment showed that proton transfer in this case followed a very different route from the usual process of hydrogen bonding . Here the transfer involved not just an attraction between molecular arrangements that were slightly positively charged and others that were slightly negatively charged , as in a hydrogen bond . Instead it required significant rearrangements of the two uracil dimer fragments , to allow protons of hydrogen atoms in the methyl group on one monomer to move closer to an oxygen atom in the other . Theoretical calculations of the new pathway were led by USC 's Krylov and Ksenia Bravaya .
The moral of the story , says Golan , is that methyl groups do not always kill proton transfer . “ Granted , this was a model system – what we did was ionize the uracil systems in the gas phase instead of in solution , as would be the case in a living organism , ” he says . “ Nevertheless , we showed that proton transfer is possible without hydrogen-bonding networks . Which means there could be unsuspected pathways for proton transfer in RNA and DNA and other biological processes – especially those that involve pi-stacking – as well as in environmental chemistry and in purely chemical processes like catalysis . ”
The next step : a range of new experiments to directly map proton transfer rates and gain structural insight into the transfer mechanism , with the goal of visualizing these unexpected new pathways for proton transfer .
# # #
“ Ionization of dimethyluracil dimers leads to facile proton transfer in the absence of H-bonds , ” by Amir Golan , Ksenia B. Bravaya , Romas Kudirka , Oleg Kostko , Stephen R. Leone , Anna I. Krylov , and Musahid Ahmed , is published by Nature Chemistry and appears in advance online publication at http : //www.nature.com/nchem/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nchem.1298.html . Golan , Kostko , Leone , and Ahmed are with Berkeley Lab 's Chemical Sciences Division , and Golan and Leone are also with the Departments of Chemistry and Physics at the University of California at Berkeley . Bravaya and Krylov are with the University of Southern California . Kudirka is with Berkeley Lab 's Materials Sciences Division . This work was supported principally by the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Science , and by the Department of Defense and the National Science Foundation .
For more about the Chemical Dynamics Beamline at the ALS , visit www.chemicaldynamics.lbl.gov .
For more about Anna Krylov 's research , visit iopenshell.usc.edu/krylovgroup/ .
The Advanced Light Source is a third-generation synchrotron light source producing light in the x-ray region of the spectrum that is a billion times brighter than the sun . A DOE national user facility , the ALS attracts scientists from around the world and supports its users in doing outstanding science in a safe environment . For more information visit www-als.lbl.gov/ .
The Molecular Foundry is one of five DOE Nanoscale Science Research Centers ( NSRCs ) , national user facilities for interdisciplinary research at the nanoscale , supported by the DOE Office of Science . Together the NSRCs comprise a suite of complementary facilities that provide researchers with state-of-the-art capabilities to fabricate , process , characterize , and model nanoscale materials , and constitute the largest infrastructure investment of the National Nanotechnology Initiative . For more information about the DOE NSRCs , please visit science.energy.gov .
DOE 's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States , and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time . For more information , please visit the Office of Science website at science.energy.gov/ .
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world 's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy , protecting human health , creating new materials , and revealing the origin and fate of the universe . Founded in 1931 , Berkeley Lab 's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes . The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Science . For more , visit www.lbl.gov .
A new ice cream place in Dallas promises to bring us the frozen treat executed with unparalleled exactitude . Called Roomie 's Ice Cream , it will debut at the Dallas Farmers Market shed on July 9 , where it will be set up thereafter on Thursday nights and all day on Fridays .
Owner Mark Wang comes with a resume tailor-made to create the perfect ice cream . His father and uncle are both chefs and his family has owned restaurants , so he has a heightened awareness of food . But his profession as an engineer — he works for Bell Helicopter — means that he takes the science of ice cream very seriously .
It was a trip to some of San Francisco 's legendary ice cream shops that inspired him to do something on his own .
`` I went to Bi-Rite Creamery and Humphry Slocombe , where the ice cream is amazing , '' he says . `` I came back to Dallas and saw that there was nothing like that here . I also wanted to do different flavors and different tastes . That 's how it all started . ''
Some of the flavors he 's developed incorporate herbs such as basil , lemongrass , thyme and rosemary . He 's done a tres leches ice cream studded with cake bits , and a browned-butter ice cream with butter waffles . Even his `` regular '' flavors like chocolate get a culinary upgrade via gourmet ingredients such as Callebaut and Tcho chocolate .
At the market , he 'll serve six flavors at a time , with three standards and three flavors that he 'll rotate .
`` You have to have vanilla , chocolate and strawberry , '' he says . `` My version is a honey vanilla , a double dark chocolate with Callebaut , and balsamic strawberry . My other three flavors are peanut butter with blueberry syrup , ginger , and Earl Grey tea . ''
To get a glimpse of how he works : For that peanut butter , he makes his own peanut butter and blueberry syrup . His ginger ice cream is made with chunks of real ginger , and it comes striated with a grapefruit syrup he also makes himself . The Earl Grey tea he makes by steeping tea first . He makes his own waffle cones , too .
`` The most important thing with ice cream is texture , '' he says . `` It has to be creamy . A lot of ice creams are icy . Or they leave a filmy taste in your mouth . You 've got to get the texture right . From there , you need to get the flavor right . ''
Refreshingly , he wo n't be gouging on price . A waffle cone is $ 1 and the ice cream is $ 2 a scoop . The stand at the market , which will be open Thursdays from 4-9 pm and Fridays from 8 am-5 pm , is somewhat of an interim deal . `` I like mom-and-pop shops , and I hope that eventually I can have my own ice ceram shop , '' he says . `` For now , I am just trying to make a great ice cream . ''
Last night I stepped off the boardwalk and into the sand , hiked over a small dune and stopped with nothing but the ocean in front of me .
Straight ahead , into the night , rising out of the horizon glistened the bright band of stars we know as the Milky Way galaxy .
Faced with the ocean at my feet and endless sky above , my first thought is wonder at the creation of Allah . And what reminds me of Allah is sure to boost my iman or faith .
When thinking of other spiritual boosters , going outside is the first thing that came to mind .
Nature
Whether biking down a forest trail , climbing the side of a cliff or swimming in the sea , the natural world is full of places to marvel at creation and wonder about our place , and our purpose .
So when life becomes busy , or stressful and we start to feel overwhelmed by our day-to-day problems , one way to reconnect your soul to faith is by just going outside .
I especially love when I have an opportunity to pray ( salah ) outside . Of course the five daily prayers are a regular chance to connect with Allah , to reorient our priorities . Being outside just further reduces the distractions and intrusions of our daily stressors . But being outside is n't the only way to boost faith .
The Quran
Another thing I like to do is read the Quran . In the last 10 years I have learned how to read it in Arabic , with tajweed , and I love to do so . I always feel refreshed afterwards . But I also enjoy reading a translation of the Quran in English which I understand more easily . Then it is easier to reflect on the message and the meaning of it , and how it applies to my own life .
This Ramadan I was blessed to be able to finish reading the Quran , and was amazed that despite reading it many times before , I still find new things–which are either new , or had been forgotten . So frequent reading ( which is implied even by the name “ Quran ” which means something often read or recited ) is key to keeping the Quran alive in our hearts , and our iman high .
After learning to read the Quran , with the help of a teacher , it 's also great to start memorizing . Memorizing requires repetitive reading and recitation–and learning the meaning also helps in recitation . Consistent memorizing should also forge a habit , to keep the words of Allah constantly in your mind . Then when the time comes for prayer , you will have more to recite and upon which to reflect while connecting with Allah .
Regularly reading the Quran is best supplemented by some instruction , and taking a class at a masjid , with a visiting scholar , or even a class online can all help boost your faith . In fact , seeking knowledge is part of our Islamic tradition . Learning about the biography ( sirah ) of the Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him ) , or the lives of his companions ( sahabah ) makes Islam seem immediately more livable , and can sometimes put our own problems into perspective .
Learning Islam
I try to regularly enroll myself in courses on various subjects to help boost my faith , and find them to always be refreshing , almost regardless of the subject matter . That goes for online classes , on-demand subscription services , and in-person classes that meet weekly or even a weekend seminar .
Moreover , doing these things in tandem can have an even stronger effect . I recently had the opportunity to take a tafseer class which covered two chapters ( Ya-seen and Ar-Rahman ) . Before , during , and after the conclusion of the class I spent time memorizing these two chapters , having nearly 8 of the 10 pages completed before the end of the course . When the class started , I was already familiar with the Arabic text and the basic meanings , reflecting on them daily . And I have been able to retain so much more of the lessons from the class along with the recitation to review the chapters .
Muslim Friends
But there is still another way I 've found to boost my faith , one I 've found particularly important after having a child , and it is being around good Muslim friends .
While it is perfectly normal to experience ups and downs in one 's faith , having a circle of close friends who are also Muslim can help balance out the highs and lows . And surrounding yourself with a buffer of faith can help insulate you from extreme swings in your faith .
Converts especially , who have grown up without Islam in their upbringing , need to socialize with other Muslims ( even other converts ) . It can help Islam feel more normal when everyone in the group is praying , for example , or when it 's not necessary to explain certain dietary choices .
I particularly love spending time with my ( non-Muslim ) family , but after spending time with them , it 's a lot easier to be around someone who does n't need an explanation about why I 'm praying , but who just supports it . And it 's refreshing to be around friends who constantly remember Allah–not in a judgmental way , or to make you feel guilty , but simply and sincerely throughout their day .
Like any other Muslim , I do n't always feel as firm in my faith or as dedicated in my practice of it as I think I should . But I have noticed that these particular activities almost always boost my faith and confidence as a Muslim . Undoubtedly , regular practices of Islam like daily salah , praying in congregation , regular charity , and fasting , are sure to strengthen faith .
But in addition to this regular worship , I have found spending more time with Quran ( reading , memorizing and studying ) , more time with righteous Muslims , and more time in nature will always help me when my faith is low .
I pray these things can help you too !
Hands On Review – Hemel 24
Hemel burst on the scene with a series of field watches with a simple modern design . We take a hands-on look at the Hemel 24 .
Hemel began on Kickstarter very recently , in March 2016 . The man behind the brand , Marvin Menke , has been a lifelong collector and , working in consumer brand development , decided he wanted to bring his own brand to market . His primary goal has been to bring timeless designs using modern materials and manufacturing methods . All of his watches have a military vibe which translates to easy to read , straightforward to operate , rugged , durable and attractive . Currently Hemel is offering four watch series , all with the same MSRP and all powered by the very popular , Japanese made Miyota 9015 automatic movement .
The 9015 is a 24 jewel , 28,800 bph , 24 jewels , 42 hour reserve workhorse and has become very popular among numerous microbrands , including Benarus , Borealis , Halios and Helson , to name a few . It is a more readily available alternate to the Swiss made ETA 2824 line . I have not run across another automatic movement watch with a more freely spinning rotor . It is not particularly noisy , compared to other automatic movements I currently have on hand . The movement is encircled by a brass retainer ring . The 9015 is both manual wind and hacking and Hemel has attached it to a nicely matched signed , screw down , gear edged crown . In this application , the Hemel 24 of the HM1 series , it is encased in a beautiful barrel shaped , bead blasted 316L case with nicely turned down lugs , for a close wrist fit . The watch is rated 100M/10ATM for water resistance .
This watch is a comfortable 40mm x 13 mm size . The front of the watch has a domed sapphire crystal with anti reflective coating and the back has a flat sapphire crystal to gaze at the 9015 movement . The edge of the bezel next to the crystal has a fine coin edge finish with a step down outer smooth finish bezel . The watch has a nicely done screw down back with subtle watch information engraved around the perimeter . The face is a no nonsense 24 hour military style with white filled needle pointed sword hands , an orange second hand and small triangle markers on the outer edge of the twelve equally sized arabic numerals . C3 Super-LumiNova lume is used on Minute/second markers , the Hemel name in silver and the word “ automatic ” complete the face . All in all , it is a highly functional and legible design .
The strap is a two piece nylon style with with a very discrete signed “ HEMEL ” round buckle . Two strap loops are included . One loop is black and one is orange , to match the orange second hand , I presume . The strap should prove to be quite durable as a result of equipping it with metal grommets . This particular watch is inscribed with the words “ FOUNDERS EDITION ” on the back , being that this is a brand-new watch brand . You can really see how the founder put his efforts into making this one of the best military style watches out there . I could not find anything to complain about in this watch . It is a comfortable , durable , highly legible utility timepiece for any man ( or woman ) with an average or small size wrist . $ 399.99 hemelwatches.com
The trend is clear : Facebook wants to be the brand people most closely associate with VR , not Oculus . Over the past year ever since the consumer version of the Oculus Rift launched it 's become more and more clear that Oculus is being positioned to be known as the VR team within Facebook , not a wholly separate company any longer .
In fact , the company has been slowly integrating its social network into the ecosystems of both the Rift and Gear VR as well . You can link your Facebook account to find friends more easily and even view 360 photos and videos from the Facebook app directly in a headset . Live streaming from a Gear VR to Facebook was recently debuted as well .
Most of those features are optional or behind the scenes . Until recently , unless you were following the industry , you could buy an Oculus Rift or Samsung Gear VR without any knowledge that Mark Zuckerberg and company actually owned Oculus . But over the past few weeks , updates have rolled out to the Oculus Home platform on Gear VR that make the connection very clear .
Now , when a new user pops a compatible Samsung smartphone into a Gear VR headset , they 're presented with a screen that clearly says : “ Oculus : From Facebook ” . Furthermore , the default sign in process is now to directly link your profile with a large , blue “ Continue with Facebook ” button in the center of the screen .
You can still use your Oculus ID and create an Oculus account if you 'd like , but that option is now all the way at the bottom of the screen beneath where it says “ Do n't have Facebook ? ”
We 've known the slow erosion of the Oculus name was imminent and has gradually been happening for some time , but asking users to connect their social network account to their VR-self feels like a more direct branding decision than anything else we 've seen thus far .
“ Engineers want their technical work to connect to a greater good , and 3D printing is helping them bring their ideas to fruition to improve lives and the world around us . ''
Stratasys released a video and case study today demonstrating how 3D printing helped 4-year old Emma Lavelle overcome the limitations of a congenital disorder , allowing her to use her arms for the first time .
Using a Dimension 3D printer , researchers at the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children in Philadelphia were able to create what little Emma calls her “ magic arms. ” The device is a custom-designed robotic exoskeleton that enables her to conquer greatly limited joint mobility and underdeveloped muscles .
Follow this link to the video , case study , and details on Emma 's story .
3D printing is touching lives worldwide , in part because of its ability to deliver personalized solutions that tackle tough human challenges .
ENGINEERING A DIFFERENCE
3D printing is helping to break down barriers in man 's quest to solve some of its greatest challenges in society , science and healthcare . On the Stratasys Facebook page throughout the month of August the company is sharing stories of how designers , engineers and educators are using 3D printing for healing , exploration and teaching .
Additional videos , pictures and stories on the Stratasys Facebook page will include the use of 3D printing to bring renewable energy to remote populations in developing countries , NASA 's development of a human-piloted rover to explore Mars , and 3D printing 's role in drawing a new generation to science , technology , engineering and math ( STEM ) education , including underprivileged students traditionally underrepresented in STEM fields .
“ Some of our world 's greatest ideas are being 3D-printed , ” says Scott Crump , chairman and CEO of Stratasys . “ Engineers want their technical work to connect to a greater good , and 3D printing is helping them bring their ideas to fruition to improve lives and the world around us . As more people become aware of the possibilities of 3D printing , its impact outside of traditional manufacturing and design realms will continue to grow . ”
3D-printing market consultancy Wohlers Associates affirms this idea in its Wohlers Report 2012 , noting “ As applications grow , the users of the technology grow as well . … It seems that almost any problem involving three-dimensional objects can be solved faster and better with the use of additive manufacturing technology . ”
For more stories of how 3D printing is helping solve our world 's biggest challenges , and to contribute your own stories of how 3D printing is changing your world , visit the Stratasys Facebook page : http : //www.facebook.com/stratasys
ABOUT STRATASYS
Stratasys Inc. , Minneapolis , is a maker of additive manufacturing machines for prototyping and producing plastic parts . The company markets under the brands Mojo , uPrint and Dimension 3D Printers and Fortus Production 3D Printers . The company also operates RedEye On Demand , a digital-manufacturing service for prototypes and production parts . In 2011 Stratasys acquired 3D printer maker Solidscape Inc . According to Wohlers Report 2012 , Stratasys had a 41.5 percent market share in 2011 , and has been the unit market leader for the tenth consecutive year . Stratasys patented and owns the Fused Deposition Modeling ( FDM® ) process . The process creates functional prototypes and manufactured goods directly from any 3D CAD program , using high-performance industrial thermoplastics . The company holds 380 granted or pending additive manufacturing patents globally . Stratasys products are used in the aerospace , defense , automotive , medical , business and industrial equipment , education , architecture , and consumer-product industries . Online at : http : //www.stratasys.com
Fused Deposition Modeling is a trademark , and Stratasys FDM , Fortus , Dimension , uPrint , Mojo and RedEye are registered trademarks of Stratasys Inc .
Attention editors : If you wish to publish reader contact information , please use : info ( at ) stratasys ( dot ) com ; 952-937-3000 ; 888-480-3548 ; http : //www.stratasys.com
As Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush 's favorability ratings continue to plummet , the campaign 's chief operating officer has decamped . COO Christine Ciccone is the highest-ranking employee on the campaign to depart so far , reported the Wall Street Journal .
The news comes as the Bush campaign announced plans to cut salaries by 40 percent . Ciccone was paid around $ 12,000 a month or about $ 144,000 a year .
“ We are grateful to have had Christine on the team , we respect her immensely , ” Bush spokesman Tim Miller told the Journal .
Ciccone has a long relationship with the Bush family . She previously worked in the President George W. Bush administration as a liaison to the Senate .
“ I 've got no comment , '' Ciconne told the Journal Friday . `` I 've just got to go . ''
Jeb Bush 's Chief Operating Officer , Christine Ciccone , is out . Highest ranking known official to lose her job post-widespread campaign cuts — Candace Smith ( @ CandaceSmith_ ) October 30 , 2015
Bush 's favorability rating has dropped precipitously since June . No other candidate 's favorability among Republicans has fallen as sharply in that time frame , reported Five Thirty Eights .
Referring to Bush 's campaign logo , the Daily Wire wrote , `` the exclamation point is gone . ''
The conventional wisdom was that Bush needed a strong performance in the third GOP primary debate Wednesday in Boulder , Colorado -- and failed to deliver . Now political observers are questioning how long the former front-runner can stay in the race .
`` Jeb Bush 's presidential campaign is facing a full-blown existential crisis , '' wrote CNN 's Stephen Collinson . `` The former Florida governor 's attempt to revive his White House hopes during Wednesday 's Republican debate by taking on his former protege , Sen. Marco Rubio , backfired badly . Instead , he delivered a performance drained of passion , fire and inspiration followed by a testy post-game interview that added up to a disastrous night for Bush . ''
Pundits described the campaign as terminal .
`` The most significant story from last night is that Jeb Bush 's campaign now finds itself on life support , especially after Bush swung and missed when trying to hit Rubio over his Senate voting record , '' wrote NBC News . `` As one Republican operative told NBC 's Peter Alexander , Bush had to demonstrate to his supporters and donors — after a rough last few weeks — that the former Florida governor could land a punch , particularly after telegraphing to the political world that it was coming . But Bush missed . Badly . ''
The Weekly Standard 's headline went even further : `` Jeb 's Dead . ''
Working With Sexually Violent Predators : Renee G-M
The 40 year-old public administrator talks about “ losing her humanity ” being assigned to work on a criminal defense unit on behalf of sexually violent predators and the anxiety , panic and breakdowns that followed . She also talks about her chaotic and abusive upbringing which included her father molesting her brother , domestic violence and her coping by becoming a rescuer .
This episode is sponsored by the online therapy provider BetterHelp.com To try out a week of counseling for free go to www.BetterHelp.com/mental , fill out the questionnaire and get matched with a counselor , to see if it 's right for you .
This episode is sponsored by the one-stop wedding registry Zola . Receive $ 50 when you register and use Zola . Go to www.Zola.com/mental for details .
This episode is sponsored by MadisonReed . For 10 % off your first hair color kit ( plus free shipping ) go to www.Madison-Reed.com and use offer code HAPPY
Consider becoming a recurring monthly donor to the podcast ( and receive free rewards from Paul ) go to www.Patreon.com/mentalpod
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
Samuel Johnson famously said that a second marriage is a triumph of hope over experience . Each ballot cast in November by a middle-class working man or woman in America , especially an unemployed working-class man or woman , and most especially an unemployed worker in Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin in yet another presidential election might also be seen as a triumph of hope over experience .
After all , Barack Obama ran on the slogan “ Hope and Change , ” a slogan so beautifully mocked by Gov . Sarah Palin 's quip , “ How 's that hopey-changey stuff workin ' out for ya ? ” Gov . Palin , for all her faults , was on to something : That hopey-changey stuff has n't worked out well at all . Search the internet for “ Pres Obama 's failed economic record ” and you will get about 4,020,000 results in 0.56 seconds .
Unemployment may be down but the number of people who have dropped out of the work force has gone up : Labor force participation has fallen to a level not seen since March 1978 . Gross domestic product growth has been anemic : Mr. Obama is the only president in history not to have a single year of growth of 3 percent or more . Meanwhile , poverty is up , as is the number of people on food stamps . Median income is down .
Could that failed record have been what drove Michelle Obama to say recently on the Oprah Winfrey Show , “ We feel the difference now . See , now , we are feeling what not having hope feels like ” ? Probably not .
Probably she was simply expressing her disappointment and misgivings at Donald Trump 's victory , though President-elect Trump graciously said , “ I actually think she made that statement not meaning it the way it came out , I really do. ” Mr. Trump said , “ I assume she was talking about the past , not the future — ‘ cause I 'm telling you , we have tremendous hope , and tremendous promise . ”
Certainly that 's what the country seems to think . The stock market has shot up since Mr. Trump was elected , a rise that mirrors the mood of the people . Hope and change are in the air again , but their progenitor is n't Barack Obama . Maybe that 's what Mrs. Obama meant , that there was no longer any hope that her husband would be the agent of the change so desperately wanted by so many . For so long .
We should hope that Mrs. Obama 's statement meant something different from what it seemed to be saying , coming as it did in the midst of the Christmas season . That season actually began on Advent Sunday , about four weeks before Christmas Day . For Christians , Christmas is a season of hope . And in the coming year , Americans — 70 percent of whom identify themselves as Christians — may get some of what they hoped for . It 's easy to understand why people care so much about politics , why they need to feel so much hope — about what the government does and , therefore , about who is in charge of deciding what government does . It matters . And it matters especially to people who have to make a living in the marketplace , and who ca n't insulate themselves from the unattractive parts of life , whether it 's their boss , their neighbors , their health care system or their failing schools .
Because government is now so large , it affects almost everything everyone does . During Mr. Obama 's presidency , 20,000 new regulations have been added to the Code of Federal Regulations , a huge net of rules to catch , penalize and ruin the unsuspecting . Harvey Silverglate wrote a book called “ Three Felonies a Day ” — that 's what almost anyone who is doing anything in America is committing . For all the accusations of “ fascism ” leveled at Mr. Trump , it 's the progressive liberals ( the kind of people who govern with pen and phone instead of representative assemblies ) who are the real authoritarians . They 're the ones who want everyone to follow orders . Hey , you . You ca n't limit adoptions to married couples . Hey , you . You ca n't order that large soft drink . Hey , you . Take your own bag to the supermarket . Hey , you . Bake a cake for those homosexuals .
People have to care about government because government does n't care about people . And they have to care so much that there 's less time for caring about other things , like faith , hope and charity , and the obligations they impose and the joys they impart .
But there seems to be a new kind of government coming , one that promises to eliminate 90 percent of regulations , cut taxes , make America prosperous again , and appoint judges who will preserve the culture for which generations have fought .
Americans , when freed from the tyranny of excessive government , will have more time and money for the spiritually rewarding tasks of working with and supporting the hallmarks of a civil society , the mediating institutions that minister , in ways that government never can , to those who are in necessity and tribulation . To prisoners and captives . To fatherless children and widows . To the desolate and oppressed . To the sick in mind , body and estate . To the homeless and the hungry . To the forgotten old and the abandoned young .
To the least of the brothers and sisters of Him who came so silently , one night years ago , giving all the world hope .
That is the change some people were hoping for this Christmas season . That is the change they hope to experience in Anno Domini 2017 .
• Daniel Oliver is chairman of the board of the Education and Research Institute and a director of Citizens for the Republic . He is a former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission , and a former executive editor and chairman of the board of National Review .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Noemi Álvarez Quillay took the first steps of the 6,500-mile journey to New York City from the southern highlands of Ecuador on Tuesday , Feb. 4 , after darkness fell .
A bashful , studious girl , Noemi walked 10 minutes across dirt roads that cut through corn and potato fields , reaching the highway to Quito . She carried a small suitcase . Her grandfather Cipriano Quillay flagged down a bus and watched her board . She was 12 .
From that moment , and through the remaining five weeks of her life , Noemi was in the company of strangers , including coyotes — human smugglers , hired by her parents in the Bronx to bring her to them . Her parents had come to the United States illegally and settled in New York when Noemi was a toddler .
Noemi was part of a human flood tide that has swelled since 2011 : The United States resettlement agency expects to care for nine times as many unaccompanied migrant children in 2014 as it did three years ago .
The Bad Seed is a 1956 American psychological horror-thriller film with elements of melodrama and film noir , directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Nancy Kelly , Patty McCormack , Henry Jones , and Eileen Heckart .
The film is based upon the 1954 play of the same name by Maxwell Anderson , which in turn is based upon William March 's 1954 novel The Bad Seed . The play was adapted by John Lee Mahin for the screenplay of the film .
Plot [ edit ]
Kenneth and Christine Penmark dote on their eight-year-old daughter Rhoda . They say their farewells to Kenneth before he leaves on military duty . The Penmarks ' neighbor and landlady , Monica Breedlove , comes in with presents for Rhoda—a pair of sunglasses and a locket . Rhoda , pristine and proper in her pinafore dress and long , blonde pigtails , thanks Monica for the gifts . She dances in tap shoes and tells Monica about a penmanship competition that Rhoda lost to her schoolmate , Claude Daigle ; Monica speaks of it as a childish disappointment , but Rhoda 's face darkens with fury . Christine and Rhoda leave for the school picnic at a nearby lake .
Later , Christine is having lunch with Monica and friends when they hear a radio report that a child has drowned in the lake where Rhoda 's school was having their picnic . Christine worries that the drowned child could be her daughter , but a follow-up report identifies the victim as the same Claude who had won the penmanship medal . Relieved that Rhoda is alive , Christine worries that her daughter might be traumatized by seeing the boy 's corpse . When Rhoda returns home , however , she is unfazed by the incident and goes about her daily activities .
Rhoda 's teacher , Mrs. Fern , visits Christine , revealing that Rhoda was apparently the last person to see Claude alive and that she was seen grabbing at Claude 's medal . Mrs. Fern alludes to the fact that Rhoda might have had some connection to the boy 's death , but stops short of actually accusing her of it , although the teacher adds that Rhoda would not be welcome at school the following year . As the two women continue to talk , Mr. and Mrs. Daigle barge into Christine 's living room . Claude 's mother is both distraught and obviously drunk . She accuses Rhoda 's teacher of knowing something that she is not telling . Mr. Daigle steps in , apologizing for the scene .
When Christine later finds the penmanship medal in Rhoda 's room , she demands an explanation . Rhoda lies that Claude let her have the medal after she won a bet . Soon Christine 's father arrives for a visit . Long haunted by distant and confusing memories about her own childhood , Christine talks with her father , who finally reveals that he is not her biological parent , that she was adopted by him and his wife . Already upset by this revelation , Christine is then horrified to learn that she is actually the daughter of a notorious serial killer . She now worries that her own origin is the cause of Rhoda 's sociopathy , and that Rhoda 's behavior is genetic , not subject to influence or reversal by good parenting or a wholesome environment .
Christine catches Rhoda trying to dispose of her tap shoes in the household incinerator and realizes that Rhoda must have hit Claude with the shoes , which explains the shape of bruises found on the dead boy 's forehead and hands . A tearful Rhoda admits that she killed the boy in order to obtain the medal , and also confirms Christine 's suspicion that she had previously murdered an elderly neighbor when they lived in Wichita to obtain a trifle the elderly woman had promised Rhoda upon her death . Christine orders Rhoda to burn the shoes in the incinerator . [ 2 ]
The next day , as Rhoda is playing in the garden , the caretaker , LeRoy , teasingly tells her that he believes she killed Claude by striking him with her shoes and that he would tell the police , sending her to the electric chair . After Rhoda angrily tells him she burned her shoes , Leroy , hoping to continue what he erroneously believes to be a mere joke , opens the incinerator and finds the remains of the shoes . A drunk Mrs. Daigle returns to see Christine and asks to speak with Rhoda , but Monica takes the girl away before she can answer any questions . Mrs. Daigle tells Christine that she believes Rhoda knows what happened to her son .
Monica gives Christine vitamins and sleeping pills to help her feel better . Meanwhile , realizing that LeRoy knows she really did kill Claude , Rhoda sets his bedding ablaze in the basement . LeRoy breaks free from the basement and runs into the yard , still aflame , ultimately burning to death . From the apartment window , Christine and Monica see him die , which makes Christine hysterical . That night , a strangely calm Christine tells Rhoda that she dropped the medal into the lake , and then gives her daughter a lethal dose of sleeping pills , telling her they are new vitamins . She attempts to kill herself with a gunshot to the head . However , the gunshot alerts the neighbors . Rhoda and Christine are found and taken to a hospital . They both survive , though Christine is in a coma .
Rhoda 's father brings her home from the hospital and puts her to bed , but during a thunderstorm in the middle of the night , Rhoda puts on her rain gear and sneaks out of the apartment . Her father is awakened by a call from the hospital , where Christine has regained consciousness . She begs her husband for forgiveness and tells him she loves him . Meanwhile , walking through the heavy rain , Rhoda finally arrives at the lake and walks out onto the pier , determined to retrieve the penmanship medal . She finds a long metal pole with a fishnet , and she uses it to probe the surrounding water . Next , a bolt of lightning is seen , implying that she has been struck and killed , putting an end to her evil .
The movie then has a curtain call of all the main cast . After Nancy Kelly is called , she walks over to the couch where Patty McCormack is sitting . She puts McCormack over her lap and proceeds to spank her over her dress while McCormack repeatedly screams `` No ! '' as both laugh .
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
At the end of the film , the cast is introduced in a theatrical-style curtain call . After her credit is read , Nancy Kelly puts Patty McCormack over her knee and gives her a spanking . Both are visibly laughing , perhaps to remind an unnerved audience that the story they have seen is fictional . The spanking continues as the film fades out ; a screen card then requests that the audience not divulge the climax .
Although the novel and play concludes with the mother dying and the evil child surviving , the Motion Picture Production Code did not allow for `` crime to pay . `` [ 3 ] The ending of the film thus reverses the deaths of the mother and daughter , with Christine 's life being saved and Rhoda 's ultimately being struck down by lightning . In another move to appease the censors , Warner Bros. added an `` adults only '' tag to the film 's advertising . [ 4 ]
Reception [ edit ]
The Bad Seed was one of the biggest hits of 1956 for Warner Bros. , earning the company $ 4.1 million in theatrical rentals domestically against a $ 1 million budget . The film was also one of the year 's top 20 at the box office in the United States and among the ten most popular box-office draws in Britain in 1956 . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
The film received favorable reviews from critics and film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 65 % , based on 26 reviews , with a rating average of 7.1/10 . [ 6 ]
Nominations [ 8 ]
Other honors [ edit ]
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists :
Influence and legacy [ edit ]
In 1995 , McCormack starred in the low budget indie film Mommy in which she played a psychopathic mother . Critics hailed her performance and deemed the film as an `` unofficial sequel '' . [ citation needed ]
Act One of the 1992 Off-Broadway musical Ruthless ! is inspired by The Bad Seed .
The 1993 film The Good Son is partly inspired by The Bad Seed . [ 10 ]
Remakes [ edit ]
The Bad Seed was remade for television in 1985 , adapted by George Eckstein and directed by Paul Wendkos . It starred Carrie Welles , Blair Brown , Lynn Redgrave , David Carradine , Richard Kiley , and Chad Allen . This version uses the original ending of the March novel and its subsequent stage production . This remake was panned by critics and poorly received by its television audience . [ 11 ]
In June 2015 , it was announced that Lifetime would remake The Bad Seed . In December 2017 , Deadline.com reported that Rob Lowe was to direct and star in the remake with Mckenna Grace , Sarah Dugdale , Marci T. House , Lorne Cardinal , Chris Shields , Cara Buono , and a special appearance by Patty McCormack as Dr. March . The film aired in September 2018 . [ 12 ]
See also [ edit ]
CLOSE Is Major League Soccer worth the investment ? Wochit
Buy Photo Major League Soccer commissioner Don Garber takes questions from supporters of Futbol Club Cincinnati , Tuesday , Nov. 29 , 2016 , at the Woodward Theater in Over-the-Rhine . ( Photo : The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar ) Buy Photo
Columbus Crew SC was a picture of Major League Soccer success on Tuesday – but it was far from the full picture .
Zoom out on Crew SC 's 4-1 MLS Cup playoff dismantling of big-money New York City FC , and the 14,000-some fans bunched in areas within view of the ESPN TV cameras .
What you 'd see – what 's actually happening to this charter member of MLS – is an American soccer empire possibly on the verge of being dismantled .
Hanging over the league 's anticipated playoffs and the daily ebbs and flows to the stretch run of an intriguing , years-long MLS expansion race is the recent announcement that Crew SC has threatened a move to Austin , Texas .
Citing a struggling business and an aging stadium , Crew SC owner Anthony Precourt of Precourt Sports Ventures said he 's exploring a relocation to Austin if he ca n't reach a deal for a new soccer venue in downtown Columbus .
Soccer fans around the country , and particularly in Ohio , are fighting the proposed relocation .
Columbus Mayor Andrew J. Ginther is helping lead the fight against relocation along with business leaders in the city , and Ohio Gov . John Kasich has offered to join the conversation , too .
That 's right . The @ ColumbusCrewSC has some dedicated fans and a great team to support . Hope they stay ! https : //t.co/23pHe4zdwv — John Kasich ( @ JohnKasich ) October 27 , 2017
At a time when civic leaders and business magnates around America are fighting for the right to pay MLS $ 150 million to join the league , Precourt 's power play has brought the league 's business practices under scrutiny .
The situation has been described as a blight on MLS , a league that projects success on numerous fronts .
It also holds implications for the ongoing 12-organization expansion race , and Futbol Club Cincinnati especially .
“ These things are traumatic , ” MLS Commissioner Don Garber said in public remarks Oct. 25 . “ I respect and I understand that . No league , and certainly no leader of a league , wants to move a club ... There are times when you make these traumatic decisions , that long-term , can be beneficial for the sport and the league overall . ”
Garber , who was speaking at a Yahoo Finance 's All Market Summit , emphasized that a final decision to move to Austin has n't been made .
The San Antonio Express-News reported Monday Bexar County ( Texas ) Judge Nelson Wolff requested a district attorney there investigate whether any laws were violated by MLS , which reportedly advised county officials in 2015 to build a since-constructed soccer stadium for the purpose of expansion – two years after Precourt secured a legal right to move Crew SC to Austin in his purchase of the club .
ESPN soccer columnist Jeff Carlisle characterized the Crew SC situation as a public relations disaster .
`` It 's not fatal , but it 's a blemish on the league , '' Carlisle told The Enquirer .
There are no absolutes in the Columbus situation , but stadium infrastructure has been the focus of a significant part of the discussion .
Within that discussion , there are takeaways for both current MLS organizations and aspiring ones like FC Cincinnati .
It 's also a signal that MLS will consider franchise relocation , and that no markets are immune to facing up to the consequences of their financial shortfalls .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500 . Delivery : Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Crew SC 's current venue , the revered Mapfre Stadium , holds a place in American soccer lure as the first-ever soccer-specific stadium on these shores . Known throughout most of its existence as Crew Stadium , it served as a fortress for trophy-winning Crew teams as well as the U.S. men 's and women 's national teams .
It was an industry standard and , at the time opened in 1999 , pushed the American soccer community 's ideas of what was possible .
But amenities have n't aged well and its location , according to some , has proved problematic . Situated on a corner of the Ohio State Fairgrounds , Mapfre Stadium is miles from downtown Columbus , although it 's mere blocks away from a community of local residents and off-campus Ohio State University housing .
And while MLS has long sought a certain aesthetic with its stadiums , Crew SC now seems to lack both the stadium location and the much of the aesthetic .
“ There 's a real recognition that because of what soccer represents and the type of people it attracts – the diversity that it attracts and the excitement – from a business perspective , having it be part of a destination and all the urban redevelopment that happens in places , that can be something that is incredibly beneficial , '' FOX Soccer analyst Alexi Lalas told The Enquirer . `` I think even the staunchest Columbus Crew supporter would recognize that , from a business perspective , there are challenges… If a team were to stay in Columbus , things would need to improve . ”
FC Cincinnati , a perceived frontrunner in MLS expansion , could be affected by a would-be Crew SC move more than most as the two clubs have overlapping soccer ecosystems .
The prevailing wisdom is that Cincinnati takes a net gain from a would-be Crew SC moves to Austin .
Carlisle and Lalas agree on that .
`` You certainly do n't want to gloat or celebrate someone else 's misery , and that 's really what it is in Columbus , but if you look at it from a detached and practical standpoint , I think that this is an opportunity for Cincinnati , '' Lalas said , `` and in the grand scheme of things probably bolsters their bid . ''
The other line of thinking is that FC Cincinnati 's MLS expansion bid could suffer because the clubs were already successfully playing off each other , but would n't be able to if Crew SC moved .
The clubs christened the `` Hell is Real '' derby with their first-ever meeting this past summer in a memorable U.S. Open Cup match .
An intense rivalry was instantly born . FC Cincinnati upset Crew SC in an open , entertaining match and fans of both teams thronged at the University of Cincinnati 's Nippert Stadium .
Plenty of observers and pundits thought the rivalry could be mutually beneficial and translate well to MLS .
A move to Austin means the rivalry might never be realized , but that should n't be a determining factor in Cincinnati 's MLS push , Carlisle said .
“ I think it 's a consideration , ” Carlisle said of the potential loss of the rivalry . “ I do n't think it makes Cincinnati 's bid any less attractive . I think if the Crew move , it does n't change the fact that FC Cincinnati is drawing incredibly well and shown just fantastic support of the game , and that there 's a real appetite for the game in Cincinnati . ''
Tasmanian toxic algal bloom hits the biggest ever area , says industry
Posted
More shellfish growing areas are closed than ever before in Tasmania due to algal blooms , according to industry leaders .
Key points : Toxin-producing algae in south and south east make wild shellfish unsafe to eat
Two types of toxin have been detected – one causes paralysis , the other diarrhoea
Cooking does not destroy the toxins
Ten growing areas have been shut down because of toxic algae , extending from St Helens down the east coast to Frederick Henry Bay in the south east and Dover in the south .
No wild shellfish should be collected from the affected regions .
More than 50 producers can not sell or harvest their produce and have to wait for two clean results before they can re-start operations .
Bruny Island remains one of the few areas unaffected .
Two of the state 's biggest players Shellfish Culture at Cremorne and Spring Bay Seafood Triabunna are also free to trade .
Algal blooms hit much of Tasmanian industry
Oysters Tasmania CEO Neil Stump said algal blooms , which emerged as issue in 2012 , appear to be getting worse .
`` A fairly large part of the Tasmanian industry is currently closed , '' he said .
`` Industry has started to adapt to work around these closures but it does have an impact on cash flow . ''
He said it was hard to determine the financial loss to the sector , in part because in winter seafood sales drop .
Mr Stump said the industry was relatively in the dark as to why the blooms occur , with rising water temperature one possible factor .
`` There is currently research underway to provide us with greater understanding , '' he said .
`` We 're still in the process of trying to understand the environmental drivers that accompany these algal blooms and it does vary from area to area . ''
For some oyster growers it 's a double blow with many of the affected areas also devastated by Pacific Oyster Mortality Syndrome ( POMS ) earlier in the year .
The Smithton growing area is also closed due to water quality issues rather than algae .
Warning not to eat wild shellfish
The Tasmanian Government has warned residents who cook and eat wild shellfish from the east coast risk serious illness .
Acting Public Health director Dr Mark Veitch said two types of shellfish toxin have been detected - one causing paralysis , the other diarrhoea .
`` Shellfish feed on algae and concentrate the toxin , '' he said .
`` This makes them dangerous to eat and may cause serious and even fatal illness . ''
The shellfish include wild oysters , mussels , clams pipis and scallops .
Topics : fishing-aquaculture , water-management , water-pollution , dunalley-7177 , st-helens-7216
Since November 's elections , liberals have done all they could to foment a coup d'etat against President-elect Donald Trump . They tried fomenting revolution with violent protests , threatened to murder Trump and his voters , tried recounts that only resulted in getting Trump more votes , then put pressure on members of the Electoral College in a last-ditch effort to keep Trump out of the White House .
Of course , all of those efforts failed , prompting liberals to go literally insane when GOP electors did their job and cast their votes for Trump .
Here 's video posted by WKOW correspondent Greg Neumann :
https : //twitter.com/gneumann_wkow/status/810912642827190273
Trending : Video of the Day : UCLA Students Sign Petition to put Conservatives in Concentration Camps
But , one person noted :
What a loon ! No it 's my America too . The electoral college is our America . Cope . Seek help lady . — FriendlyJan🍀🇺🇸👍🏼BuildTheWall ( @ FriendlyJMC ) December 19 , 2016
There 's a lot of people needing mental help these days , as the Gateway Pundit noted :
Scenes from the Capitol protest after WI electors formally vote in @ realDonaldTrump . About 4 dozen people here # wipolitics # wiright pic.twitter.com/ycdItMcg7i — MacIver Institute ( @ MacIverWisc ) December 19 , 2016
https : //twitter.com/OliviaAllenC/status/810884202807758848
They did do their jobs , and cast their ballots for Trump as he won the state .
Here 's a video of protesters in Georgia , posted to Facebook by 11Live :
Twitchy noted :
You can reject the President-Elect all you like . It 's not going to keep him from being the next resident of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . Is n't that the beauty of America ?
The Daily Caller reported :
Anti-Trump demonstrations erupted in state capitols all over the country calling for Republican electors to change their vote from Donald Trump to another person , which has led to harassment and intimidation of electors by some individuals .
Nevertheless , Trump officially became the President-elect when the 270th vote was cast in Texas .
According to the Daily Caller :
Donald Trump officially became president-elect Donald Trump shortly after 3:30 pm Monday , as he secured a majority of the Electoral College vote and easily overcame a last-ditch effort by protesters to keep him out of the White House .
Despite efforts to convince Trump electors to deliver a conscience vote for a different candidate , Trump avoided a last-minute collapse and received the clinching 270th vote when Texas 's 38 electoral votes were announced .
Despite claims from Harvard professor Lawrence Lessig that more than 20 Republican electors were considering voting against Trump , these so-called “ faithless electors ” largely failed to materialize , with state after state delivering its electoral votes exactly in accordance with the popular vote result . The first faithless elector came shortly after 2 pm , when a Maine elector cast his vote for Sen. Bernie Sanders instead of Hillary Clinton . Another elector in Minnesota attempted to cast his vote for Sanders instead of Clinton , but Minnesota state law prohibits such faithless electors , so he was replaced by an alternate who supported Clinton .
So what 's next for the unhinged left ? Will they try to stop the inauguration ? Will they stage an assassination attempt ? At this point , anything 's possible…
Related :
If you have n't checked out and liked our Facebook page , please go here and do so .
And if you 're as concerned about Facebook censorship as we are , go here and order this new book :
LONDON — If much of the world was captivated by the life and death of Charlie Gard , the incurably ill British baby whose parents waged a legal war with a hospital over his treatment , for Stephanie Nimmo , it was deeply personal .
Like Charlie 's parents , Connie Yates and Chris Gard , Mrs. Nimmo had sought experimental treatment in the United States for her daughter , Daisy , who had a rare genetic condition called Costello syndrome that made her partly blind and unable to speak more than a few words . She , too , grappled with the promises of alluring but unproven medical research and the dizzying array of armchair diagnoses on the internet .
The two sick children were even treated at the same London hospital , Great Ormond Street , which opposed the Gards ' court petition to pursue treatment abroad and , later , to bring Charlie home to die — just as it had thwarted Mrs. Nimmo 's request , six months earlier , to have Daisy 's life-support systems removed at home .
“ Charlie was in the same intensive care department as Daisy , ” said Mrs. Nimmo , a leading advocate for parents of terminally ill children . “ It was shocking to see the crazy media circus and these parents stuck in the middle trying to save their child . ”
This article is about the Second World War spy . For the First World War flying ace , see Josef Jacobs
Josef Jakobs ( 30 June 1898 – 15 August 1941 ) was a German spy and the last person to be executed at the Tower of London . [ 1 ] He was captured shortly after parachuting into the United Kingdom during the Second World War . Convicted of espionage under the Treachery Act 1940 , Jakobs was shot by a military firing squad . He was not hanged because he was captured as an enemy combatant .
Early life [ edit ]
Jakobs , who was a German citizen , was born in Luxembourg in 1898 . During the First World War , he served in the German infantry , rising to the rank of Leutnant , in the 4th Foot Guards . In June 1940 , ten months after the outbreak of the Second World War , Jakobs was drafted into the Wehrmacht as an Oberleutnant . However , when it was discovered that he had been imprisoned in Switzerland from 1934–37 for selling counterfeit gold , he was forced to resign his commission in the Wehrmacht . [ 2 ] Jakobs was demoted to a feldwebel ( NCO ) and placed in the Meteorologischen Dienst ( meteorological service ) of the German Army . Shortly afterwards , he also began working for the Abwehr , the intelligence department of the German Army .
Capture and interrogation [ edit ]
On 31 January 1941 , Jakobs was flown from Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands to Ramsey in Huntingdonshire . He parachuted from the aircraft and landed in a field [ 3 ] near Dove House Farm , but broke his ankle during the process . [ 4 ] The following morning , Jakobs attracted the attention of two farmers , Charles Baldock and Harry Coulson , by firing his pistol into the air . [ 2 ] Baldock and Coulson notified members of the local Home Guard who quickly apprehended Jakobs . [ 2 ] He was caught still wearing his flying suit and carrying £500 in British currency , forged identity papers , a radio transmitter , and a German sausage . [ 1 ]
On his person was also found a photo purportedly of his lover , a German cabaret singer and actress named Clara Bauerle , who became a spy because she had spent a few years performing in the West Midlands and could speak English with a Birmingham accent . Jakobs said Bauerle was meant to join him after he had made “ radio contact , ” but then doubted she would now be sent since he was arrested before he could communicate with his team . [ 5 ] Bauerle 's whereabouts remained unknown for several decades , and it was theorized that she may have died under suspicious circumstances in England . In 2016 , it was discovered that Bauerle had died in a Berlin hospital on 16 December 1942 . [ 6 ]
Jakobs was taken to Ramsey Police Station before being transferred to Cannon Row Police Station in London , where he gave a voluntary statement to Major T.A . Robertson of MI5 . [ 2 ] Due to the poor condition of his ankle , Jakobs was transferred to Brixton Prison Infirmary for the night . The following day he was briefly interrogated by Lieutenant Colonel Stephens of MI5 at Camp 020 before being transferred to Dulwich Hospital where he remained for the next two months . [ 2 ]
Military trial and execution [ edit ]
Jakobs ' court martial took place in front of a military tribunal at the Duke of York 's Headquarters in Chelsea , London SW3 , on 4–5 August 1941 . The trial was held in camera because the German agent had been apprehended in a highly classified intelligence operation known as the Double Cross System . The British were aware that Jakobs was coming because his arrival information had been passed on to MI5 by the Welsh nationalist and Abwehr double agent Arthur Owens . [ 7 ] After a two-day trial which involved hearing the testimony of eight witnesses , Jakobs was found guilty of spying and sentenced to death . [ 8 ]
Chair in which Jakobs sat when he was executed . The chair is at the Tower .
Jakobs 's execution took place at the miniature rifle range in the grounds of the Tower of London on 15 August 1941 . He was seated blindfolded in a brown Windsor chair . Eight soldiers from the Holding battalion of the Scots Guards , armed with .303 Lee–Enfields , took aim at a white cotton target ( the approximate size of a matchbook ) pinned over Jakobs ' heart . The squad fired in unison at 7:12 a.m. after being given a silent signal from Lieutenant-Colonel C.R . Gerard ( Deputy Provost Marshal for London District ) . Jakobs died instantly . A postmortem examination found that one bullet had hit Jakobs in the heart and the other four had been on or around the marked target area . [ 9 ]
As three members of the eight-man firing squad had been issued with blanks , only five live rounds were used .
Following the execution , Jakobs ' body was buried in an unmarked grave at St. Mary 's Roman Catholic Cemetery , Kensal Green , London . The location used for Jakobs ' grave has since been re-used , so the original grave site is difficult to find . [ 10 ] Jakobs was the last person to be executed at the Tower of London , since all other German spies condemned to death in the UK during the Second World War were executed by hanging at either Wandsworth or Pentonville prisons in London .
After celebrating his last La Liga trophy on Saturday , Xavi sat down with Luis Martín from El País to talk about his career at FC Barcelona . You can read the interview in Spanish .
“ The only thing I 'm missing is a hat-trick , ” he joked .
Seventeen years in Barcelona 's first team . What does that give you ?
I 've enjoyed it as a child . And I 've also suffered . Because I now feel happy and I 'm very proud of what I 've achieved and of the way I 'm leaving . But I 've passed through bad moments , I 've suffered a lot , honestly .
What is football ?
Football is a ball and some friends . And let 's go ! A game , a rondo , passing the ball around , on the beach or in your backyard . While laughing . This is football . Kids passing the ball around in the schoolyard . That 's football .
And if your team wins , ‘ eso es la hostia ( that 's the best ) ' , as Luis would say , right ?
Luis Aragonés , what a great guy ! I remember him often , I miss him a lot .
Why are you leaving ?
Because it 's time . My head tells me that and my body is giving me signs . My heart does n't , my heart belongs to Barça and it will stay here .
You used to hide the fact that you were playing for Barça when you were in school . Why ?
Because I did n't want to be looked at differently . I knew that I was n't going to change , but I was afraid that they would say “ Look at this guy , he signed for Barça and now thinks he 's special. ” I did n't wear my Barça tracksuit on the street in order to avoid attention .
What 's the first image you have from Barça 's dressing room ?
Sitting down to change between Figo and Guardiola , and Núñez coming in to talk to Pep . And I was right there . Of course , I was aware of everything , I was a youngster and I was right there , I was even embarrassed . The veterans treated me wonderfully : Pep , Pitu , Luis , Sergi , Figo , Rivaldo – they were all great to me .
Saturday you celebrated your eighth League title . You won the first while the team was in Vitoria and you were in Albacete .
Yes , that 's right . I played 18 games that season but in the last round only the players that made the squad traveled , that 's how Van Gaal decided it . And I went to Albacete with the B-team and saw the game there . There was a jersey in the museum Ángel Mur built in the dressing room , made by Anderson and Rivaldo , which said “ We 're all champions ” and had the names of Ciric , Busquets , Okunowo , Roger and Óscar on it , all the players that did n't make the trip . But I was in Plaça Sant Jaume . The last league title that was celebrated there . I 'm so old that I was in Sant Jaume !
What would you be without Van Gaal ?
He taught me a lot . He used to tell me : “ You 're better than Zidane , ” and I answered , “ Do n't go overboard , mister , thanks , but let 's not exaggerate. ” I 've been fortunate , I 've had great coaches . We were very unfair to him , he was a great coach .
After that there were five years in which you did n't win anything . What happened ?
We lost the essence . We changed coaches often ; we did n't have any stability until Rijkaard came . And Ronaldinho . When we won we did so by having possession , by playing the ball , by attacking to defend , showing our essence .
Our only solution is to be ourselves . If we do n't respect our style anything makes sense , it 's proven . But there were times , when we did n't win , when we doubted our way and nothing was good . Here the first thought is to look for a guy who is 1.80-meter-tall and very strong . And that 's not the answer . What we need are players that understand our essence , the concept of the third man , the pass that creates superiority .
Is that the reason why you felt like you were put in the spotlight ?
Yes , when we won people praised me , but when we lost , they doubted everything and I was the first on that list .
You always said that Busquets and Pedro were examples worth following . Why ?
Because they 're humble , because they sacrifice themselves , because they have exceptional talents and are extremely committed , but they 're not recognized and that upsets me . I know how much work is needed to get to the top , and they did get there ; they won everything and they 've always put themselves in the service of the team , just like Jordi [ Alba ] . Always . It 's the same for Andrés and for Piqué , do n't think it is n't , but they , like me and Leo , have been praised . Pedro and Sergio are extraordinary footballers . Pedro 's story is exceptional : a Barcelona forward , raised in the academy , gets to the very top and wins everything . You have to look at him , applaud him and say , “ Kids , learn from him ! ” And Busi ? I 've never seen a more intelligent footballer on the pitch .
You won a league at halftime and league on the couch at home . Strange is n't it ?
Yes , we won one in Balaídos at halftime , in the year I was injured . It was one of my most difficult years , but it made me learn a lot . I broke my ACL in training in December . My knee was trashed . That 's when I learned to take care of myself . I 've never gone to the gym before that , I used to think that working with the ball was enough . I did n't do any weights , it was all talent . That year , with the help of Emili [ Ricart ] and doctor Cugat , I understood that if I did n't take care of myself , my career would end prematurely . The other time was when Capdevila scored a goal against Madrid and that won us the league . We were home and I started calling the guys “ Come on , we have to celebrate this ! ” And we went out and did , even though we had a game at the Calderon the next day .
The year of the treble was unique , right ?
So far it 's the best year in history . Because of everything , because of how we won . That year was pure essence . I 've never seen football like that one . I watch games from that season and I think : It 's impossible to play better . We won the Champions in a resounding way . Pep 's years are unrepeatable .
Was he a pain as teammate and more as a coach ?
No , man , I enjoyed him . As a teammate he suffered too , the comparison between us was n't his fault . It was a weight on my shoulders to be marked as his heir . He used to tell me not to pay attention , but I couldn't…Growing up next to him added pressure , but it was n't his fault . He was always very good to me .
Is it true that you were close to leaving before he came as a coach ?
I had an offer from Bayern Munich and I was willing to leave , it 's true . And he told me : “ Xavi , I ca n't imagine the team without you , it 's impossible. ” And I said : “ Okay , I 'm staying. ” An impressive coach . Maybe that 's also because we saw things the same way ; we understand football in an identical way . All the stars were aligned during those years with Pep . We had an extraordinary team . But it was n't a coincidence , we worked a lot and we were very superior to our rivals . I have a theory : Barça needs to be very superior to Madrid , otherwise we do n't win . They close ranks : the press , the spirit of Juanito , the cómo no te voy a querer ( how could I not love you ) … We 're either good , or nothing . If we 're at the same level they can build themselves up with things we do n't have here ; here the dynamic is always negative , there it 's always positive .
Would you have wanted to work with Johan Cruyff ?
There 's nothing I would love more . He 's my football reference point , and I did n't even work with him , so imagine… . Johan changed the history of the game , it 's clear . At least at Barcelona .
Of all the leagues you 've won only one was won at Camp Nou .
And I did n't even play . Undiano [ Mallenco ] had given me a yellow card in the previous game and I was suspended .
The worst league was the one with Tito 's illness ?
That and the next one , yes , the year he died . Tito 's season was very painful . He was super-demanding . “ One hundred points , we have to get 100 points , ” he used to tell us . But it was a very hard year , the mood in the dressing room was always down . We managed to win it due to our talent and because Aureli [ Altimira ] and Jordi [ Roura ] poured their hearts in it . They used to play us voice messages , they told us that Tito said this thing or the other , Tito called us… . He was always there with us . I talked to him frequently . One day he got mad at me . I had some pain , I wanted to play and I ended up re-injuring myself against Milan . And the Bayern game was on the horizon and I wanted to play and he called me : “ If you get yourself injured again , I wo n't play you anymore ! ” He was so mad ! He had a lot of guts , he was brave .
How did you handle this season , after years and years of being a starter ? Of being in the Gala XI ?
It was hard , obviously . But I learned from other teammates who were n't playing , who were quiet and always positive in the dressing room . One of my examples has always been the reserve goalkeeper : almost never played and celebrated things as if he had ; I thought about Jorquera , about Pepe Reina , guys who worked as hard as they could and never complained , even though by nature every footballer is selfish . I learned from them . Look , in Valencia I was subbed off 10 minutes before the game ended and I jumped on the pitch to celebrate Busi 's goal . I embraced Luis Enrique ! He had subbed me out and I was n't even mad . I changed my mindset and did what I learned to do as a kid : think of the team . I wanted to end the season with a trophy and now… I was talking to Puyi the other day , he could n't even play or celebrate when he left . And look how I 've said goodbye to the Camp Nou . It 's incredible . All the pieces of the puzzle have fallen in the right place . It 's a scandal . I could have never imagined such an end to my time here ; it 's the stuff of movies .
Why did you stay ?
I felt good vibes , I was over the pain of losing La Liga at home and without playing ; over the pain of the World Cup , which was brutal . I knew that Luis Suárez was coming , I talked to Luis Enrique and he told me : “ Pelopo , think carefully ! ” And my feeling was that it was going to be a good year . I told my teammates on the chat : “ Guys , I 'm staying for another season , because this looks promising. ” Luis has treated me perfectly because he never lied . And that 's a big thing . Honorable and direct . I could be mad at him because I did n't play a lot , but it 's the opposite , I owe him one because he was one of the guys who did the most to get me to stay . I recovered my enthusiasm . And I spoke to Zubi , who was great to me . I feel very bad about what happened to him . This League also belongs to him . The day I told them I was leaving he came home with me and made me think that maybe it was n't my time to go yet . Thankfully I decided to stay .
Do you remember the day when you came to Barça to pass the test for La Masia ?
Of course . My dad was in the car telling me : “ Open your eyes wide and learn ! Not everyone gets this chance. ” I was already signed , but I did n't know . And that 's what I 've done : learning , learning and learning . In this club I 've learned how to play and also how to be a person . Here and at home , obviously . I owe everything to Barça . I 've been so happy . I could have never imagined this .
Do you know anyone who is a bigger culé than you ?
Yes , of course , my mother .
There 's a vintage vibe to this week 's selection . Going under the grinder are a Honda CB750 , a BMW K75 , and an SR400 and XS750 from Yamaha . Plus a Czech-made Cezeta scooter with a hidden secret…
Yamaha SR400 by Omega Racer Having a reliable supply of parts for a custom build is an obvious advantage . But you also need the skills and knowledge to make everything work together .
Markus Pintzinger clearly has the right head and hands for the job . He 's the man behind Omega Racer , a Bangkok-based online shop selling parts for Kawasaki W650s , Triumphs and Yamaha SRs . The ‘ Sunmaster 14 ' is Markus ' own SR400 , and every detail has been sweated over to create a track-focused homage to the racing bikes of the 60s and 70s .
It took Markus 18 months to put Sunmaster 14 together . The aluminum fairing , tank and seat cowl were all custom made , and there 's a diamond-stitched seat from the craftsmen at neighboring shop The Sports Custom . Markus plied his own hands at the detail pieces like the leather tank strap , the brass badges and the laser-etched Plexiglas fender . Handling and horsepower were also given some extra attention , and an external oil cooler was fitted to cope with Bangkok 's dog days . [ More ]
Honda CB750 by Clockwork Motorcycles Squat , dark and sexy : This is the only way to describe ‘ Phantom , ' the latest CB750 to roll out of Clockwork Motorcycles ' Montreal , Quebec workshop . The lines , coloring and proportions on Samuel Guertin 's newest creation exemplify his minimalist approach—but we hear it took maximum effort to get to this level .
The bike arrived with an engine DOA , a tank riddled with holes , and years of ‘ patina ' on every nut and bolt . So the engine was completely rebuilt , including new pistons , rings and an exhaustive machining of the valve seats .
Fully stripped , the frame was modified and de-burred before joining the shortened forks and wheels for a trip to the powdercoater . The OE Honda fuel tank was also brought back to factory quality , but almost everything else has been swapped out , modified or binned . Progressive Suspension shocks were installed in the rear with new springs fitted up front , while a new battery box was crafted and all of the wiring has been fed through a Motogadget m-Unit to keep things clean and functional . [ More ]
Cezeta 506 Electric Scooter I 'll be the first to admit that electric bikes will never be my thing . And scooters seem to park themselves in that same section of my brain . And yet , as soon as the Cezeta 506 sizzled my retinas , I started to giggle with delight .
It 's impossible not to be smitten with the post-modern monocoque design on this soon-to-be released homage to Cezeta 's past . Unlike the 501 and 502 from the days of Elvis , the Czech-made 506 wo n't suffer the handling woes of having a fuel tank perched over its front wheel . It 'll be powered by a three-phase brushless electric motor mounted in the rear hub that will help this silent puddle-cutter hit highway speeds .
Range is expected to be around 150 kilometers , but will vary should you opt to crank performance to 11 7 with an included Cezeta app . The 506 will feature an onboard charger to allow quick and easy top ups , and begins shipping in fall to tree-hugging mods and Po-Mo nerds like me . [ More ]
BMW K75 ‘ Kappa ' by Chris King The BMW K-Series is no stranger to the cafe racer treatment . I 'm still drooling over Philipp Wulk and Mathias Pittner 's two K100s , because they raised the bar for ‘ flying brick ' customs . But this new build from automotive designer Chris King may have nudged that bar a touch higher .
Working with a three-cylinder K75 , Chris ' bike started with a rough sketch that quickly came to life with a gorgeous custom trellis frame . Then the tank was modeled using foam and clay , creating a unique and lustworthy ‘ split ' design . The horizontal , back-link style rear suspension is a one-off unit that looks like it would ride on the firm side , so the padding on the humped cafe seat is probably welcome . The entire build took Chris approximately one year to complete . [ More ]
Yamaha XS750 by Al Baljeu As soon as the paint dries on the ‘ 46 ' adorning the number plates of any custom Yamaha , a light goes on at Bike EXIF HQ . Eyes squint to see whether the anointed bike has the go-to back up its show .
This latest tribute to The Doctor comes to us from Al Baljeu of Sarnia , Ontario , who used a Photoshop concept and CAD rendering to keep a keen eye on his Yamaha 's dimensions and proportions during the build . The stock Yammie tank was lengthened 3½ inches and a new subframe was crafted to give the XS750 an aggressive stance . To up the handling ante , the front end now features the forks and calipers from a Honda VFR750 , and an R6 was tapped for the rear binders . Al hand-sewed the seat with his vintage Singer machine and molded all of the fiberglass bits himself . In fact , all the fabrication was carried out in Al 's two-car garage , and we figure he 's done a bang up job .
Oh , and as to whether this cafe can race…90 pounds were shed during the build , and that triple sings a touch louder , thanks to a 3-into-1 header and velocity stacks . [ More ]
Select Settings
Select Apps
Select Blackberry Launcher
Select View Details in Play Store
Uninstall
Restart Device
Just a few days ago , we told you how the Sprint branded version of the BlackBerry KEYone was suffering from an issue involving the bloatware that the carrier added to the Android OS flavored handset . Nothing sinister there ; most carriers in the states will add some of their own branded applications to a new handset . The problem with the KEYone was that the SprintID system app would go through the bloatware listings like clockwork , and re-install some of the bloatware that was just removed by the phone 's owner . It also enabled bloatware that was disabled.In our original article , we said that either SprintID had a bug , or the carrier was being nasty by continuously replacing and re-enabling bloatware that owners of the phone were trying to remove . Today , Sprint reached out to us to let us know that it does have a issue with its Mobile ID on the KEYone , which prevents it from working as designed.While Sprint is working with BlackBerry to deliver a software update that will eliminate the problem , the carrier did provide us with a workaround for KEYone users to follow . This will uninstall updates to the BlackBerry Launcher and prevent the issue from taking place :
If you have a Sprint branded BlackBerry KEYone , hold on . Hopefully , the aforementioned software update will arrive soon enough to remove this constant re-cycling of removed and disabled bloatware .
source : Sprint
Spring is a popular framework for developing Java-based applications . Annotations are easy to use and they make the code more readable , being less xml based . This article provides a step-by-step approach on how to implement annotation based dependency injection using the Spring3 and Hibernate 3 open source java frameworks .
Author : Preeti Shenoy
Introduction
Spring is a popular framework for developing Java-based applications . In initial versions of Spring , all the features like dependency injection ( DI ) were archived based on the xml configuration files . As the framework is evolving to version 3.x , the xml based configuration is enhanced by annotations based configuration . Annotations are easy to use , added in code at class , method or variable level . This makes code more readable , less xml based . In this article we will see how to use annotations based configuration in Spring 3 , along with integration with Hibernate3 for data access layer .
Now let 's consider an example which we will implement using Spring3 and Hibernate 3 and see how to implement it step by step .
Problem Statement
We will use as an example the creation a user bank account . In the first screen , the user is asked to fill up the account creation form . When this form is submitted , the user account is created in the database . If the creation of account is successful , a success message is displayed .
Design
Typically a web application consists of three layers : Presentation , Business and Persistence . In this example , the mapping between layer and framework is as follows
1 . Presentation Layer : Struts 2.0 framework
2. Business Layer : Spring framework 3.0
3 . Persistence Layer : Hibernate framework 3.0
To integrate the three layers , we will be using components below provided by different frameworks .
Context Loader Listener : This is used to integrate the Spring framework with other web frameworks like Struts . The declaration of this listener is done in web.xml .
Local Session Factory Bean : This is used to integrate Spring with Hibernate . It creates a local Hibernate SessionFactory instance , which can be used as a bean reference by the application that needs it . This declaration is done is the Spring configuration file .
Application Structure : The diagram below explains the design of the example we are considering for this demonstration .
welcome file
action= ” createaccount ” ( struts.xml )
result= “ successView ” ( struts.xml )
saveOrUpdate ( bankAccount ) / List < BankAccount >
fetchAllBankAccounts ( )
session.save ( bankAccount ) / List
session.createQuery ( )
Project files
web.xml
This is the deployment descriptor that is the entry point of our application and is present in WEB-INF directory . In this file , we configure StrutsPrepareAndExecuteFilter as the filter that enables the implementation of the Struts 2.0 framework in our demo . We also declare ContextLoaderListener as the listener , which is the plugin provided by the spring framework that facilitates struts-spring integration .
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' UTF-8 '' ? >
< web-app id= '' WebApp_ID '' version= '' 2.4 '' xmlns= '' http : //java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee '' xmlns : xsi= '' http : //www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance '' xsi : schemaLocation= '' http : //java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee http : //java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee/web-app_2_4.xsd '' >
< display-name > Struts2Spring3Hibernate3Integration < /display-name >
< filter >
< filter-name > struts2 < /filter-name >
< filter-class >
org.apache.struts2.dispatcher.ng.filter.StrutsPrepareAndExecuteFilter
< /filter-class >
< /filter >
< filter-mapping >
< filter-name > struts2 < /filter-name >
< url-pattern > / * < /url-pattern >
< /filter-mapping >
< context-param >
< param-name > contextConfigLocation < /param-name >
< param-value > WEB-INF/appContext.xml < /param-value >
< /context-param >
< listener >
< listener-class > org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListener
< /listener-class >
< /listener >
< welcome-file-list >
< welcome-file > register.jsp < /welcome-file >
< /welcome-file-list >
< /web-app >
RegisterUser.jsp
This is the jsp page where we enter the user details and forward them to the database for the account creation . When the user clicks on the “ Submit ” button , the Struts2 filter invokes the action class that is defined in the ‘ action ' attribute of ‘ s : form ' tag .
< % @ page contentType= '' text/html '' pageEncoding= '' UTF-8 '' % >
< ! DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC `` -//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN ''
`` http : //www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd '' >
< % @ taglib prefix= '' s '' uri= '' /struts-tags '' % >
< html >
< head >
< meta http-equiv= '' Content-Type '' content= '' text/html ; charset=UTF-8 '' >
< title > Registration Page < /title >
< /head >
< body >
< center > < h1 > ABC Bank < /h1 > < /center >
< br/ >
< br/ >
< h2 > Bank Registration < /h2 >
< s : form action= '' createaccount '' >
< s : textfield name= '' custName '' label= '' Customer Name '' / >
< s : textarea name= '' custAddress '' label= '' Customer Address '' value= '' '' cols= '' 30 '' rows= '' 5 '' / >
< s : radio name= '' custGender '' label= '' Gender '' list= '' { 'Male ' , 'Female ' } '' / >
< s : select name= '' accountType '' list= '' { 'Current ' , 'Savings ' } '' label= '' Account Type '' / >
< s : submit name= '' Submit '' / >
< /s : form >
< /body >
< /html >
success.jsp
In this jsp page , we can see the list of all accounts created in this particular scope . Note that account id is the auto-generated primary key .
< % @ taglib prefix= '' s '' uri= '' /struts-tags '' % >
< % @ page language= '' java '' contentType= '' text/html '' import= '' java.util . * '' % >
< html >
< head >
< title > Success Page < /title >
< /head >
< body >
< h2 > Account created successfully ! ! ! < /h2 >
< table border= '' 1 '' >
< tr >
< th > Account ID < /th >
< th > Customer Name < /th >
< /tr >
< s : iterator value= '' savedBankAccountList '' >
< tr >
< td > < s : property value= '' accountId '' / > < /td >
< td > < s : property value= '' custName '' / > < /td >
< /tr >
< /s : iterator >
< /table >
< /body >
< /html >
struts.xml
This is the central configuration file which takes request from the client and forwards them to controller which in turn invokes the action class capable of handling client request . It also facilitates view redirection based on the return value of execute method in action class .
< ! DOCTYPE struts PUBLIC
`` -//Apache Software Foundation//DTD Struts Configuration 2.0//EN ''
`` http : //struts.apache.org/dtds/struts-2.0.dtd '' >
< struts >
< package name= '' default '' extends= '' struts-default '' >
< action name= '' createaccount '' >
< result name= '' successView '' > success.jsp < /result >
< result name= '' input '' > RegisterUser.jsp < /result >
< /action >
< /package >
< /struts >
BankAccount.java
This is the model class that is used to populate the bean object based on the parameters in the request object . In this demo , we have used a model-driven approach that requires us to create separate classes for model and action .
package com.abcbank.model ;
public class BankAccount
{
private int accountId ;
private String custName ;
private String custAddress ;
private String custGender ;
private String accountType ;
public int getAccountId ( ) {
return accountId ;
}
public void setAccountId ( int accountId ) {
this.accountId = accountId ;
}
public String getCustName ( ) {
return custName ;
}
public void setCustName ( String custName ) {
this.custName = custName ;
}
public String getCustAddress ( ) {
return custAddress ;
}
public void setCustAddress ( String custAddress ) {
this.custAddress = custAddress ;
}
public String getCustGender ( ) {
return custGender ;
}
public void setCustGender ( String custGender ) {
this.custGender = custGender ;
}
public String getAccountType ( ) {
return accountType ;
}
public void setAccountType ( String accountType ) {
this.accountType = accountType ;
}
}
CreateAccountAction.java
This is the action class that runs the business logic on the Model component of the application and modifies the contents of the database if necessary . Once the action is performed and the result is obtained , the control is returned back to the controller .
Since we are using a model driven approach , we need to override the getModel ( ) method of ModelDriven and return an instance of model class .
package com.abcbank.action ;
import com.abcbank.model.BankAccount ;
import com.abcbank.dao.BankAccountDAO ;
import java.util.ArrayList ;
import java.util.List ;
import com.opensymphony.xwork2.ActionSupport ;
import com.opensymphony.xwork2.ModelDriven ;
public class CreateAccountAction extends ActionSupport implements ModelDriven < BankAccount >
{
private BankAccount bankAccount=new BankAccount ( ) ;
private BankAccountDAO bankAccountDAO ;
List < BankAccount > savedBankAccountList = new ArrayList < BankAccount > ( ) ;
public BankAccount getModel ( )
{
return bankAccount ;
}
public String execute ( ) throws Exception
{
bankAccountDAO.saveOrUpdate ( bankAccount ) ;
savedBankAccountList=bankAccountDAO.fetchAllBankAccounts ( ) ;
return `` successView '' ;
}
public BankAccount getBankAccount ( ) {
return bankAccount ;
}
public void setBankAccount ( BankAccount bankAccount ) {
this.bankAccount = bankAccount ;
}
public void setBankAccountDAO ( BankAccountDAO bankAccountDAO ) {
this.bankAccountDAO = bankAccountDAO ;
}
public List < BankAccount > getSavedBankAccountList ( ) {
return savedBankAccountList ;
}
public void setSavedBankAccountList ( List < BankAccount > savedBankAccountList ) {
this.savedBankAccountList = savedBankAccountList ;
}
}
IBankAccount.java
public interface IBankAccount {
public void saveOrUpdate ( BankAccount bankAccount ) ;
public List < BankAccount > fetchAllBankAccounts ( ) ;
}
BankAccountDAO.java
This class is a spring framework component that enables the usage of Hibernate framework in our demo . In this class we can access the persistence resource which is SessionFactory in the case of Hibernate .
package com.abcbank.dao ;
import com.abcbank.model.BankAccount ;
import java.util.List ;
import org.hibernate.Query ;
import org.hibernate.Session ;
import org.hibernate.SessionFactory ;
@ Component
public class BankAccountDAOImpl implements IBankAccount
{
private SessionFactory sessionFactory ;
public void setSessionFactory ( SessionFactory sessionFactory )
{
this.sessionFactory = sessionFactory ;
}
@ Override
public void saveOrUpdate ( BankAccount bankAccount )
{
Session session = sessionFactory.openSession ( ) ;
session.beginTransaction ( ) .begin ( ) ;
session.save ( bankAccount ) ;
session.beginTransaction ( ) .commit ( ) ;
}
@ Override
public List < BankAccount > fetchAllBankAccounts ( )
{
Session session = sessionFactory.openSession ( ) ;
Query query = session.createQuery ( `` from BankAccount '' ) ;
List < BankAccount > list = ( List < BankAccount > ) query.list ( ) ;
return list ;
}
}
BankAccount.hbm.xml
This is the mapping file which has the details about the object that needs to be persisted to the database .
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' UTF-8 '' ? >
< ! DOCTYPE hibernate-mapping PUBLIC `` -//Hibernate/Hibernate Mapping DTD 3.0//EN ''
`` http : //hibernate.sourceforge.net/hibernate-mapping-3.0.dtd '' >
< hibernate-mapping >
< class name= '' com.abcbank.model.BankAccount '' table= '' BankAccount '' >
< id name= '' accountId '' column= '' ACC_ID '' >
< generator/ >
< /id >
< property name= '' custName '' > < column name= '' CUST_NAME '' / > < /property >
< property name= '' custAddress '' > < column name= '' CUST_ADDRESS '' / > < /property >
< property name= '' custGender '' > < column name= '' CUST_GENDER '' / > < /property >
< property name= '' accountType '' > < column name= '' ACC_TYPE '' / > < /property >
< /class >
< /hibernate-mapping >
appContext.xml
This is a spring configuration file which has details of the database that our business logic should access . All the user defined files ( classes , xml .. ) are to be declared as beans here .
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' UTF-8 '' ? >
< beans xmlns= '' http : //www.springframework.org/schema/beans ''
xmlns : xsi= '' http : //www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance ''
xmlns : context= '' http : //www.springframework.org/schema/context ''
xsi : schemaLocation= '' http : //www.springframework.org/schema/beans http : //www.springframework.org/schema/beans/spring-beans-3.0.xsd
http : //www.springframework.org/schema/context http : //www.springframework.org/schema/context/spring-context-3.0.xsd '' >
< ! -- DispatcherServlet Context : defines this servlet 's request-processing infrastructure -- >
< ! -- Enables the Spring MVC @ Controller programming model -- >
< mvc : annotation-driven/ >
< bean id= '' myDataSource '' destroy-method= '' close '' >
< ! -- < bean id= '' myDataSource '' destroy-method= '' close '' > -- >
< property name= '' driverClassName '' value= '' oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver '' / >
< property name= '' url '' value= '' jdbc : oracle : thin : @ xxxxxxx : xxxx : xxxxx '' > < /property >
< property name= '' username '' value= '' `` > < /property >
< property name= '' password '' value= '' `` > < /property >
< /bean >
< bean id= '' sessionFactory '' >
< ! -- < bean id= '' sessionFactory '' > -- >
< property name= '' dataSource '' ref= '' myDataSource '' / >
< property name= '' mappingResources '' >
< list >
< value > com/abcbank/model/BankAccount.hbm.xml < /value >
< /list >
< /property >
< property name= '' hibernateProperties '' >
< props >
< prop key= '' hibernate.dialect '' > org.hibernate.dialect.OracleDialect < /prop >
< prop key= '' hibernate.show_sql '' > true < /prop >
< prop key= '' hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto '' > create < /prop >
< /props >
< /property >
< /bean >
< bean id= '' bankAccountDAOBean '' >
< property name= '' sessionFactory '' ref= '' sessionFactory '' / >
< /bean >
< bean id= '' bankAccountAction '' >
< property name= '' bankAccountDAO '' ref= '' bankAccountDAOBean '' / >
< /bean >
< /beans >
Demonstration
To see the application running on the server , use the Eclipse IDE : right-click on the project folder in the project explorer tab / Select Run As ” Run On Server ” . The screen below will be displayed in the browser .
A ) Now provide the user details and click the “ Submit ” button .
B ) After the account creation , the application fetches the account details from database and displays them .
Pros/Cons of using Annotations based DI
1 . The code needs to be recompiled in case there are changes in dependency . In case of XML configurations , the recompilation of code is not required .
2 . Annotations based dependency injection is performed before XML injection . So if there are both types of DI used in the code , xml DI will override the previous one .
3 . As DI becomes decentralized , if the annotations are used , it becomes harder to trace the dependencies between classes . While in case of XML configurations , the dependencies can be centrally tracked by analyzing the configuration files .
4 . When annotations are used in the code , the code provides lot of context and wiring becomes more easy to understand [ 1 ] .
References
1 . Spring documentation : http : //static.springsource.org/spring/docs/3.2.x/spring-framework-reference/html/beans.html # beans-annotation-config
About the author
Preeti Shenoy is a Technology Architect working in Infosys . She has more than 10 years of experience in implementing small and large web , portal and middleware projects in Java-J2EE space . She is an avid writer and has written many technical articles and papers . Linkedin profile : http : //in.linkedin.com/pub/preeti-shenoy/24/156/327
Many of us have experienced actually being physically touched by a Demon . The feeling is just like that of being touched by a human hand . This can go much further into actual sexual intercourse and lovemaking . Sexual intercourse with a Demon is blissful ecstasy . Because Demons come to us in ethereal/astral form , they are able to penetrate our bodies and stimulate areas not easily accessible by other humans . Male Demons have no trouble finding and stimulating the G-spot in their women partners . Female Demons can get right to the prostate gland in their men , resulting in a full deep orgasm .
How to Begin :
First off , it is important to perform a ritual to Father Satan , stating your needs , whether they be just sexual , a love/sexual relationship , an open relationship , where you are free to have other sexual partners without any jealousy on either side ; be specific .
Some Demons are monogamous , in that they only have one partner and this goes both ways . These Demons take monogamy VERY seriously and if a relationship is violated by a human being , the partner of the human being could in the worst of cases wind up dead . Demons are known like humans to become very jealous . If a human is in an empty marriage and is just having sex with their spouse out of a sense of duty , Demons can be very understanding regarding this and will often overlook it provided , in monogamous sexual love relations , your Demon is always # 1 . Keep in mind , once a commitment is made it will last a lifetime and beyond , so do n't take this lightly . Your Demon will remain monogamous , also .
You should find a Demon who is compatible with you . Remember , if you want a free , open relationship where you are free to have other sex partners , you must specify this in ritual .
After your ritual , you must be relaxed and open . More than likely , your Demon will come to you when you are lying down and relaxed in bed . This will feel like electrifying energy and like kundalini , it feels exhilarating .
Now , for people that are new to this , to begin this and open up , just begin fantasizing about having intercourse with your Demon . Most Demons are very physically attractive as opposed to all of the trash written in the grimoires and the horror stories . Ask your Demon to show him/herself to you . Relax , close your eyes and tune in . You should see an image of your Demon in your mind . Even if you ca n't , you can picture an ideal lover for an image your Demon can inhabit to start with .
When you begin to fantasize and do this a number of times , your Demon will feel this on the astral and enjoy it as well . You can masturbate yourself to orgasm in the beginning , until a full physical manifestation takes over . When you do this , your Demon will have an orgasm , as well . This will take time so be patient and persistent . The fantasies , done night after night will begin to get much more vivid and before you know it , you will feel your Demon and even see your Demon as you would another human being . Your Demon will work with you to open your psychic channels , as opposed to just plain fantasizing on your own .
Your Demon will more than likely come to you each night when you lie down to go to bed . Demons enjoy sex very much and they can wear out a human being . One man actually had to push a female Demoness off of himself in the morning in order to get up for work after having all night sex . She did n't want to stop . Pleasure is way beyond anything with a human being and spiritual sex can become addictive . Chances are , no longer will human sexual relationships be desired or satisfying . In addition , one does not have to worry about contracting sexually transmitted diseases or experiencing unwanted pregnancies .
A Demon lover will also be protective of you . They are wonderful with listening to any worries , concerns or problems and are often helpful in punishing enemies and taking care of things for you . When the proper psychic channels are open , two-way conversations can take place . This is an enormous help in spiritual empowerment and advancement . They will tell you things , teach you and in some cases , even contact other Demons for you .
Intense contact with Demons involves an energy exchange . The Demons , being on a higher spiritual level than humans have much more energy and extreme closeness can produce effects in us humans that feel like sunburned skin and/or oversensitivity , until we get used to this or advance our own energy levels , which is the goal of Spiritual Satanism .
Back to Demons , the Gods of Hell
© Copyright 2002 , 2006 , Joy of Satan Ministries ;
Library of Congress Number : 12-16457
The Fedora Project developers approved yesterday , July 9th , in a FESCo meeting the 256-color terminal support for their upcoming Fedora 18 operating system .
OK , so what does 256-color terminal support mean , right ? Well , it enables terminal programs to use the enhanced color capabilities of modern terminals , by default . At the moment , terminals use a color palette of 8 colors . More details can be found in this article .
Among other features approved for Fedora 18 in yesterday 's meeting , we can mention improved CIM management , PowerPC ppc64p7 subarch support for RPM and YUM , Rails 3.2 , Fontconfig 2.10 , and Perl 5.16 .
Dubbed Spherical Cow , the Fedora 18 Linux distribution will see the light of day sometime in November 2012 . We will keep you up to date with other upcoming features of the Fedora 18 operating system .
Follow us on Google+
On a clear winter day in March 2014 , 55-year-old Danylo Kulish was on his way to pick up his girlfriend at Montreal 's Trudeau airport in his GM Saturn Ion . He never made it .
Kulish died in a crash in which Transport Canada investigators are probing a faulty ignition switch as the “ probable ” cause — just six weeks after General Motors issued a recall of millions of cars because of the potentially deadly defect .
The Kulish family says no one told them about the GM recall until after his death .
To date , GM has stated that one of the 29 wrongful death claims it has accepted was a Canadian , but has declined to identify the victim . An investigation by CBC'sthe fifth estate and Radio-Canada 's Enquête now adds the Kulish crash as a second Canadian fatality under investigation as part of the ignition switch problem .
“ A sudden failure within the ignition switch appears to be a possible and probable explanation , '' says a preliminary Transport Canada report into the crash obtained in the fifth estate and Enquête investigation .
`` According to the data retrieved from the car 's ACM ( airbag control module ) , the driver 's frontal airbag never deployed because the ACM never commanded its deployment . ''
The September 2014 report by Transport Canada said “ further analysis ” was needed to determine “ if a faulty ignition switch had contributed to this outcome . '' It described the case as “ a high departmental priority . ''
GM is facing claims of at least 150 more fatalities and hundreds of injuries .
“ He died for no reason . He died for a 57-cent piece that should have been fixed over 10 years ago and would 've cost them hardly anything if they would 've just done the right thing from day one , ” Danylo Kulish 's brother Taras told the fifth estate .
`` It was a clear day , there was no snowstorm , '' says Taras Kulish . `` He went straight into the cement pillar that divided the highway.… He just went right in it , full frontal crash . ''
Danylo Kulish was pronounced dead of massive internal injuries .
Evidence before U.S. Congressional hearings and in GM 's own internal reports reveal the company knew about the defect as far back as 2005 and switched the part in newer models without informing anyone .
The fifth estate and Enquête also reveal that Transport Canada was aware of a potential problem with the ignition switch in the Chevrolet Cobalt eight months before General Motors Canada issued a recall notice .
Under Canada 's Motor Vehicle Safety Act , GM Canada is obliged to disclose a safety defect in a `` timely '' fashion .
`` Timely meaning upon becoming aware , ” Kash Ram , the director general of road safety and motor vehicle regulation at Transport Canada , told fifth estate host Bob McKoewn .
“ Now it will depend , based on circumstances . In some cases it 's days , typically it 's days upon determining , upon becoming aware that there is a safety-related defect . ''
Asked if GM 's delay in making the defect public for several years was “ a timely fashion , '' Ram said : `` They 've admitted fault , but we have to see . It has to be evidence-based . ''
“ At this point we have no evidence to suggest that GM Canada did not comply with its obligations under Canadian law . But it 's not closed yet , '' he said . `` We continue to scrutinize their actions . ''
The fifth estate Watch 'The Switch from Hell ' on CBC Television 's the fifth estate at 9 p.m. Friday .
After the crash , a letter addressed to Danylo Kulish from American GM chief executive officer Mary Barra arrived , apologizing for what she called the `` inconvenience or frustration '' caused by the ignition switch problems .
By then , Kulish had been dead for five months .
“ It angers me , because why should we be waiting for anything from the United States ? ” says his brother Taras .
“ I mean , Transport Canada should be its own independent organization and should be able to react accordingly to what 's going on here , and they 're just nowhere to be seen or found . ''
Seon-woo “ Infiltration ” Lee , winner of Evo 2016 ( Stephanie Lindgren )
CBS reality TV show The Amazing Race will pit contestants against South Korea 's best Street Fighter V pros .
According to Polygon , Evo 2016 champion Lee “ Infiltration ” Seon-woo and Lee “ Poongko ” Chung-gon will appear on this week 's episode of the show . The Amazing Race contestant must win a round against these pros .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
You can check out a preview of the upcoming episode on Polygon .
The contestant will be provided coaches to teach them the basics of the game but will be given some handicaps if the challenge proves too tough . If the challengers ca n't beat the pros within 10 rounds , the pros will play one-handed . If they still ca n't beat the pros after 10 more rounds , the pros will play blindfolded .
This episode is the second “ Roadblock ” of the season , meaning only one contestant can participate in the challenge and is chosen randomly .
The Amazing Race is in its 29th Season and airs Thursdays at 10pm PT , with the Street Fighter V-focused episode airing May 25 .
Michael Martin covers SFV and the FGC . Follow him on Twitter @ Bizarro_Mike .
Liverpool 's new main stand at Anfield reaches final stages after season 's end
Work has focused on demolishing the existing main stand roof
Liverpool 's new main stand at Anfield has begun to reach its final stages , as the current lower-tier structure is demolished .
The first construction vehicles to conduct work inside the stadium arrived this week and began to remove the existing roof .
Work is in its 78th week of an initial 88-week schedule ahead of primary handover to the club at the start of the 2016-17 season .
The new top levels , which have been constructed behind the existing main stand , took delivery of their first spectator seats four weeks ago .
Construction vehicles have been ripping out seats in the lower tier
Construction has now focused on joining the two together following the end of the last Premier League season , with seats in the former structure now being ripped out and replaced .
Liverpool are adding 8,500 seats to the main stand , taking the overall capacity at Anfield to around 54,000 .
Isoroku Yamamoto 's sleeping giant quotation is a film quote by the Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto regarding the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor by forces of Imperial Japan .
The quotation is portrayed at the very end of the 1970 film Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! as :
I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve . [ 1 ]
An abridged version of the quotation is also featured in the 2001 film Pearl Harbor .
Although the quotation may well have encapsulated many of his real feelings about the attack , there is no printed evidence to prove Yamamoto made this statement or wrote it down . [ 2 ]
Overview [ edit ]
The line serves as a dramatic ending to the depiction of the Pearl Harbor attack , but it has yet to be verified that Yamamoto ever said or wrote anything resembling the quote . Neither At Dawn We Slept , the definitive history of the Pearl Harbor attack by Gordon Prange , nor The Reluctant Admiral , the definitive biography of Yamamoto in English by Hiroyuki Agawa , contains the line .
The director of Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! , Richard Fleischer , stated that while Yamamoto may never have said those words , the film 's producer , Elmo Williams , had found the line written in Yamamoto 's diary . Williams , in turn , has stated that Larry Forrester , the screenwriter , found a 1943 letter from Yamamoto to the Admiralty in Tokyo containing the quotation . However , Forrester can not produce the letter , nor can anyone else , American or Japanese , recall it or find it . Randall Wallace , the screenwriter of the 2001 film Pearl Harbor , readily admitted that he copied the line from Tora ! Tora ! Tora !
Regardless of the provenance of the quote , Yamamoto believed that Japan could not win a protracted war with the US . Moreover , he seems later to have believed that the Pearl Harbor attack had been a blunder—even though he was the person who came up with the idea of a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor . It is recorded that `` Yamamoto alone '' ( while all his staff members were celebrating ) spent the day after Pearl Harbor `` sunk in apparent depression '' . [ 3 ] He is also known to have been upset by the bungling of the Foreign Ministry which led to the attack happening while the countries were technically at peace , thus making the incident an unprovoked sneak attack that would certainly enrage the Americans . [ 4 ]
Similar sayings [ edit ]
In The Reluctant Admiral , Hiroyuki Agawa gives a quotation from a reply by Admiral Yamamoto to Ogata Taketora on January 9 , 1942 , which is similar to the famous version : `` A military man can scarcely pride himself on having 'smitten a sleeping enemy ' ; it is more a matter of shame , simply , for the one smitten . I would rather you made your appraisal after seeing what the enemy does , since it is certain that , angered and outraged , he will soon launch a determined counterattack . `` [ 5 ]
The other common quotation attributed to Yamamoto predicting the future outcome of a naval war against the United States is : `` I can run wild for six months … after that , I have no expectation of success '' . [ 6 ] As it happened , the Battle of Midway , the critical naval battle considered to be the turning point of the war in the Pacific , did indeed occur six months after Pearl Harbor ( Midway ended on June 7 , exactly 6 months later ) .
Similar to the above quotation was another quotation that , while real , was widely misinterpreted in the US press . Yamamoto , when once asked his opinion on the war , pessimistically said that the only way for Japan to win the war was to dictate terms in the White House . [ 7 ] Yamamoto 's meaning was that military victory , in a protracted war against an opponent with as much of a population and industrial advantage as the United States possessed , was completely impossible—a rebuff to those who thought that winning a major battle against the US Navy would end the war . However , in the US , his words were recast as a jingoistic boast that he would literally dictate peace terms at the White House . This deliberate mistranslation became famous when read by narrator Walter Huston over stock footage of Yamamoto and his men on parade , in Frank Capra 's Why We Fight propaganda films , and spread by word of mouth all over the United States .
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Rasmus Elm won two Russian Premier Leagues titles in his first two seasons with CSKA Moscow .
`` I am very sorry for Rasmus Elm , but I think that he will never play football again . I only want to wish him to be healthy , and maybe he will start again as a coach or a scout . If he continues his playing career , he will become disabled . Our medical staff are categorically against it . '' Those were the words of CSKA Moscow president Yevgeny Giner in a December interview with Russian outlet Bobsoccer .
A few days later , the Swedish midfielder terminated his contract with the Russian champions . There are very serious doubts whether we will ever see the 26-year-old on the pitch again . A mysterious , chronic stomach illness that causes bleeding when the body is under physical strain has prevented Elm from training since the start of the season . CSKA doctors suggested it is getting worse , and the footballer could even die if he insists on playing on .
Rasmus himself is much more positive . `` I have never thought of quitting , '' he told Swedish news organisation Barometern . `` Unfortunately , things have been exaggerated by the media . ''
Elm is fully aware recovery will take a long time , however . `` I 've had problems with sensitive stomach earlier , pushed myself too far and have n't listened to the body , '' he said . `` There are a few months left before I can play again , and I am aiming to get to the highest level , but I am not sure whether I want to be a professional footballer . I need to find joy and motivation , and that depends on how the body responds to exercise . ''
Illness had prevented Elm from fulfilling his potential in recent years , as he was constantly forced to miss games and never felt fully fit . That is a massive misfortune for him , personally , but also for Swedish football and fans the world over , as we are about to lose a brilliant player .
When former Sweden coach Lars Lagerback first called Elm onto the national team in 2009 , he remarked , `` He is our biggest talent since Zlatan Ibrahimovic . '' He was absolutely right , though the midfielder was hardly heard from , largely because his personality could n't possibly be further from that of the wayward Paris Saint-Germain genius .
While Ibrahimovic published a highly controversial autobiography titled `` I am Zlatan , '' in which everyone from Louis van Gaal to Pep Guardiola was mercilessly criticised , Elm 's contribution was a cookbook . With his mother 's help , Rasmus wrote up gluten-free recipes and tips for those also suffering from celiac disease . He is known to carry a small bag of rice everywhere and has understandably always been very careful with his food , but his main goal was to help others .
Those who know Elm will readily admit his personality is exceptional ; he is a very shy guy who tries to stay out of the limelight but will usually go out of his way to help his friends . Rasmus has even told his agent , Patrick Mork , not to work too hard on his behalf . `` He is incomparable to any other player , '' Mork said .
Rasmus did n't even want to become a footballer in the first place . When growing up in a small town of Broakulla , he was more interested in animals -- one of his cats was named Totti . He did n't even like playing with his two elder brothers , David and Viktor , because they were much stronger than he . It soon became evident Rasmus was the most talented of the three by some distance , but it was still difficult to persuade him to play , as he suffered from anxiety and often hoped for games to be cancelled because of bad weather .
It took a long time before the teenager managed to overcome his fears and started performing for the local team alongside much older players . He was n't physical enough to fight them , but his outstanding footballing brain enabled him to dictate the tempo and send pinpoint passes .
In 2005 , it was obvious Elm , then 17 , had completely outgrown his surroundings , and a move to professional football was on the cards . A deal was made with Swedish second-division side Osters , but then he was asked to visit hometown club Kalmar for a few hours , and he immediately felt at home when the team 's stars came to greet him . His heart told him to stay there , and Rasmus has always followed his heart . That was a brilliant decision , and he soon developed into a majestic midfield maestro .
Elm was an instant hit with the Swedish national team .
Kalmar were so delighted with Rasmus ' progress that his brothers were soon signed by the club as well . Viktor joined in 2006 , David completed the picture in 2007 , and the trio went on to be very influential in the sensational title win in 2008 , the first in club history . Viktor might have scored more goals that season , but Rasmus topped the league in assists , alongside Henrik Larsson . At 20 years of age , he was the country 's brightest hope , and teams all over Europe started following him closely .
Such interest became even higher after Elm scored this supreme volley in only his third game for the national team and then performed superbly at the Under-21 European Championships on home soil in the summer of 2009 .
Bayer Leverkusen came very close to signing the prodigy that summer , but Elm eventually chose to abandon the negotiations and go to AZ Alkmaar instead . Having a close friend from the U-21 team , Pontus Wernbloom , alongside him was important , and even more so was the feeling he got when visiting the club from the town just north of Amsterdam . Rasmus followed his heart again and preferred the Eredivisie to the Bundesliga .
We will never know whether that was the best decision , but after taking his time to settle , Elm became the leader at AZ . The 2011-12 season was brilliant for him , as the team topped the table for a long period before finishing fourth . The Swede scored 13 goals in all competitions that term but was especially impressive thanks to his vision , range of passing and dead-ball speciality . He once even managed to find the net directly from a corner .
It 's little wonder top Premier League teams were queuing to sign him . The list included Manchester United , Arsenal , Tottenham and Newcastle , but Liverpool were the most likely destination . Elm lacks Steven Gerrard 's intensity , but he could easily be seen as the captain 's heir because of his qualities .
The midfielder preferred to wait until after Euro 2012 to decide on his future and then chose CSKA Moscow . Again , it was his heart that told him to go for the less glamorous option , and he opted for a team with a positive atmosphere in the dressing room , which once again included Wernbloom , who had moved to Moscow a few months previously .
Rasmus was immediately a huge success for CSKA . Coach Leonid Slutsky gave him the freedom to run the game , and CSKA won the title in both of his seasons in Russia . When talking to me a year ago , teammate Alan Dzagoev said , `` Elm is by far the best midfielder in the league . '' To achieve such level and high admiration despite significant health problems is no mean feat .
As his contract was about to end this summer , the midfielder started looking for new options , and this time a move to a top league looked almost certain , but fate decided differently . Elm will now miss at least a year , and even if he is allowed to make a comeback , signing him will be a gamble most clubs will be reluctant to make .
For now , Kalmar are more than glad to have him training with them again , and club management is dreaming of having the three brothers with them again . David , who had an unsuccessful spell at Fulham , is back already , while Viktor is having a great time at Alkmaar , where he replaced his brother .
`` Kalmar might be the most logical destination for Rasmus now . I think most of the Swedes do n't believe that he will play for the national team again , '' Petter Landen of Swedish publication Expressen told ESPN FC .
Some hope remains , however . `` I really want Elm to recover and play like he used to . He is one of the most talented Swedish footballers I have ever witnessed , '' commented Petter Ostman , also of Expressen .
Let us hope , then . Elm deserves much better luck , not just as a footballer , but also as a person .
Michael is an experienced European football writer , who contributes to ESPN , Blizzard , Champions and FourFourTwo , amongst others .
Washington Post political blogger and de facto Mitt Romney surrogate Jennifer Rubin has posed some questions that she thinks should be asked of President Obama during the upcoming debates . Harnessing illogic and leaning on right-wing mythology , she wants the president to admit that his record on preventing terrorist attacks is worse than George W. Bush 's , because there were no terrorist attacks on the U.S. under Bush after September 11 , 2001 .
No seriously . Here 's the question she wants Obama to answer :
After Sept. 11 , 2001 , there were no terrorist attacks on the United States , but during your administration there have been the jihad-inspired Fort Hood massacre and the killing of four Americans in Libya , so is n't your anti-terror record worse than Bush 's ?
So Obama has to answer for Ft . Hood and the Benghazi attacks , but Bush gets a pass on the worst terrorist attack in American history . And when you neatly excise that horrific failure of intelligence and preparedness from the Bush terrorism ledger , Bush finds himself with a spotless record ( the anthrax attacks , LAX shooting , DC sniper shootings , and attacks on various diplomatic personnel during the Bush years apparently do n't count either ) .
The question refutes itself and evinces the sort of kneejerk partisanship and lack of seriousness that one would expect to find on a right-wing message board , and not under a Washington Post byline .
Apr 2 , 2016 ; Philadelphia , PA , USA ; Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere ( 53 ) looks to pass the puck during the first period against the Ottawa Senators at Wells Fargo Center . The Flyers won 3-2 . Mandatory Credit : Derik Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
Tonight the Philadelphia Flyers will give our their team awards and it 's Shayne Gostisbehere who should get the lion 's share of the hardware
The Philadelphia Flyers will give out their annual awards before tonight 's must-win contest against the Toronto Maple Leafs . These honors allow both players and writers to celebrate the seasons of a select few .
That number should be at an all-time low this year . Not due to a lack of deserving Flyers , but because rookie defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere should win nearly every prize .
Such a claim can be righteously considered unrealistic . It is . Very much so . It wo n't happen , but Gostisbehere has a strong case for every piece of hardware .
The Barry Ashbee Award is n't even up for debate . The only real competition Gostisbehere had been Michael Del Zotto . However , the Flyers have made their push for the playoffs and have played their best hockey without Del Zotto . That may be more of correlation and not causation . Yet in his place , Gostisbehere has emerged as the team 's go-to defenseman .
Claude Giroux ran away with the Toyota Cup , an award as meaningful as the name would indicate , but Gostisbehere gave had a pretty good run considering he did n't earn his first star until mid-November . He 's third on the team with 40 points behind only Giroux and Steve Mason in the standings .
The Yanick Dupre Class Guy Award probably wo n't go to Gostisbehere either . The kid is as tight-lipped as his head coach Dave Hakstol . The media training in the college ranks is superb and both brought that to the professional level .
The Pelle Lindbergh Memorial Trophy goes to the most improved player and I personally do n't see how anyone but Gostisbehere wins this one . Yes , Brayden Schenn is turning a corner while guys like Ryan White and Radko Gudas are certainly better hockey players now than they were this time last year . However , Gostisbehere 's game clearly has seen the most improvement . He played briefly ( two games ) with the team before going back down to Lehigh Valley and tearing his ACL . His time in both the minors and NHL did n't exactly challenge general manager Ron Hextall 's strategy of patience , but he did exactly that this season . Gostisbehere forced himself onto the Flyers roster after Mark Streit 's injury and the rest is history .
It 's equally hard to not give the man known as “ Ghost ” the Gene Hart Memorial Award either . Given to the player who shows the most heart , the award is meant to honor the Flyer whose gear is always ratcheted up . Considering that Gostisbehere is the team 's Masterton Trophy representative , the evidence as to why he deserves this award is already self-evident . Tearing your ACL and then coming back from the once debilitating knee injury is a long road to travel . The fact that Gostisbehere came back and looks just as fast as he did in college and is diving like a shortstop all over the ice to make crucial plays embodies his “ heart ” and dedication to the team .
Finally , there 's the Bobby Clarke Award . The most valuable player to the Philadelphia Flyers . The easy pick for this one is Giroux . Of course , it 's Giroux . Without the captain does Gostisbehere score 16 goals and turn the Calder Trophy decision on its head ? Maybe , but maybe it 's the other way around . Before “ Ghost ” began haunting the opposing team 's nets , the Flyers were wallowing in the NHL graveyard . Fans were already predisposed to the idea of waiting for next season . It looked like another lost year .
Gostisbehere changed all that . He brought new life to a team struggling to find itself and excitement to a fan base longing for something , anything , to cling to .
Yeah , hockey like so many others is a team game . But when you see someone emerge like Philadelphia has witnessed Gostisbehere , you ca n't give the kid enough credit especially since he is so quick to reject it .
So let 's hope the Flyers give the young rookie his due and the majority of the awards this year . You ca n't rely on what the general NHL consensus will be for the Calder or Masterton . There 's no need to feel bad for the other players . They had their moment .
This is Ghost 's time .
Craig Roberts and Selena Gomez co-star in the road-trip movie that makes its world premiere at the festival on Jan. 29 .
With Sundance still six days away , Netflix is in negotiations to make its second major pre-festival deal by scooping up worldwide SVOD rights to the Paul Rudd starrer The Fundamentals of Caring . The deal is pegged at nearly $ 7 million , a source told The Hollywood Reporter .
Heading into the market , the film was considered to be one of the hottest titles given that it is perhaps the sole star vehicle for an A-lister on display at Sundance . Theatrical rights are still available . However , because most of the distributors have output partners in place , it would likely rule out a traditional buyer such as Fox Searchlight , Sony Pictures Classics or Focus Features .
Written and directed by Late Show With David Letterman alum Rob Burnett , the pic centers on Ben ( Rudd ) , who becomes a caregiver to earn money after suffering a tragedy . His first client , Trevor ( breakout Craig Roberts ) , is an 18-year-old with muscular dystrophy . One paralyzed emotionally , one paralyzed physically , Ben and Trevor hit the road , finding hope , friendship and Dot ( Selena Gomez ) in this funny and touching inspirational tale .
Earlier this week , Netflix nabbed worldwide SVOD rights for the Ellen Page starrer Tallulah . The Fundamentals of Caring deal is said to be similar to Tallulah . Theatrical rights to the latter pic are still available as well .
Fundamentals of Caring , which is based on Jonathan Evison 's 2013 novel The Revised Fundamentals of Caregiving , will make its world premiere at the festival on Jan. 29 .
Like Rudd , Burnett brings serious comedy credentials to the equation . He began his career as a Letterman intern and went on to serve as writer , head writer and eventually executive producer . Burnett received five Emmy Awards .
Donna Gigliotti , James Spies and Burnett produced Fundamentals of Caring , while Jamal Daniel and Renee Witt executive produced .
CAA ( which handles Burnett ) and UTA ( which reps Rudd ) negotiated the deal of behalf of the filmmakers .
Sheila Miyoshi Jager said the future president had a deep-seated need to be loved
Barack Obama proposed twice to a long-term girlfriend but ultimately decided that her race made her a political liability and married Michelle , a new biography has claimed .
Mr Obama fell in love with Sheila Miyoshi Jager , whose ancestry is Dutch and Japanese , before attending Harvard Law School . He continued to see her after he began dating the future first lady , according to Rising Star : The Making of Barack Obama by David Garrow .
The author , who received a Pulitzer prize for a biography of Martin Luther King Jr , also claims that “ Obama wrote somewhat elusively ” to a girlfriend “ that he had thought about and considered gayness but ultimately decided that a same-sex relationship would be less challenging and demanding than developing one with the opposite sex ” .
Pollution West Coast cities sue Monsanto to pay for chemical cleanup Cities take a new tack to fight pollutants : targeting companies who make them .
Portland , Oregon 's Willamette is no wilderness river . But on a spring day , downstream of downtown , wildness peeks through . Thick forest rises beyond a tank farm on the west bank . A sea lion thrashes to the surface , wrestling a salmon . And as Travis Williams , executive director of the nonprofit Willamette Riverkeeper , steers our canoe under a train bridge — dodging debris tossed by jackhammering workers — ospreys wing into view .
The 10-mile reach , known as Portland Harbor , became a Superfund Site in 2000 . Over the last century , ships were built and decommissioned here , chemicals and pesticides manufactured , petroleum spilled , and sewage and slaughterhouse waste allowed to flow . Pollution has decreased , but toxic chemicals linger in sediments . Resident fish like bass and carp are so contaminated that riverside signs warn people against eating them , though some do . And osprey ca n't read warnings , so they accumulate chemicals , which can thin eggshells and harm chicks .
Among the worst are polychlorinated biphenyls , or PCBs . Used in electrical transformers , coolants , caulk , paints and other products , these probable carcinogens were banned in 1979 for their toxicity , persistence and the ease with which they escaped into the environment . Even so , they continued entering waterways through storm drains here and elsewhere .
The Environmental Protection Agency 's remediation plan for Portland Harbor 's PCBs and other pollutants , expected in May , will cost between $ 790 million and $ 2.5 billion . The city of Portland , one of 150 “ potentially responsible parties ” on the hook for a percentage , has already spent $ 62 million on studies and reports . So on March 16 , the city council decided to join six other West Coast cities in suing agribusiness giant Monsanto to recoup some past and future cleanup costs . San Diego filed in 2015 , and San Jose , Oakland , Berkeley , Spokane and Seattle followed .
Monsanto is best known for GMO crops and Roundup , but before it split from its chemical and pharmaceutical branches ( also named in the suits ) , it was the sole U.S. PCB manufacturer from the 1930s to the late 1970s . “ Monsanto knew that if you used ( these products ) for their intended purpose , PCBs would leach into the environment , ” says Portland City Attorney Tracy Reeve , but it sold the chemicals anyway . “ We believe that polluters , not the public , should pay . ”
A victory would not only inspire more PCB lawsuits , it could suggest a pathway to help fill gaps in U.S. chemical regulation , says University of Richmond School of Law professor Noah Sachs , who specializes in toxics and hazardous waste . The 1976 Toxic Substances Control Act , inspired in part by PCBs , has a weak review process and generally does n't require health and safety testing of chemicals before manufacturers can sell them . And the Comprehensive Environmental Response , Compensation , and Liability Act — CERCLA , the Superfund law — is concerned with who spilled or arranged to dispose of chemicals at a site , not who made them . “ What we see here is testing a new legal theory , ” Sachs says . “ I hope companies that know their hazardous products are escaping into the environment are held accountable for the damage they 're doing . ”
Cathy Cheney/Portland Business Journal
The cases ' novelty arises from their application of state public nuisance laws . Each seeks to prove that Monsanto compromised public use and enjoyment of waterways by marketing and selling this class of chemicals while well aware of its dangers . The Seattle complaint , for example , cites internal memos from the '60s in which company officials discuss PCBs as “ an uncontrollable pollutant , ” noting their global spread and harm to people and wildlife . There is “ no practical course of action that can so effectively police the uses of these products as to prevent environmental contamination , ” a Monsanto committee wrote in 1969 . “ There are , however a number of actions which must be undertaken to prolong the manufacture , sale and use of these particular Aroclors ” — the company 's trademarked name for certain PCB compounds .
The cases follow on a stunning 2014 victory in the Superior Court of California . There , a judge found three companies had created a public nuisance by marketing and selling lead-based paint while knowing its health hazards , and ruled they should pay $ 1.15 billion into an abatement fund to remove it from homes . The Monsanto cases likely have a stronger public nuisance claim , says University of California Davis environmental law professor Albert Lin , because , unlike residences , “ waterways are clearly public resources. ” Monsanto 's role as sole manufacturer also simplifies efforts to connect the company to contaminated areas .
Nonetheless , “ the plaintiffs face an uphill climb , ” says Peter Hsiao , an environmental attorney for international law firm Morrison & Foerster . The lead paint case is being appealed , he notes , and similar lead paint lawsuits failed in six other states . Attempts to use public nuisance law to address climate change , with California going after automakers , for example , have also foundered . Still , he worries a win could have an unintended chilling effect on innovation , “ depriving society of the enormous benefit that comes from the safe and effective use of chemicals . ”
First , though , the lawsuits must reach trial . Monsanto has been filing motions to dismiss each case — arguing that it never had a manufacturing presence on the West Coast and never discharged anything there . The first motion , against San Diego , will be heard in court May 25 . “ The allegations … are without merit , ” Monsanto spokeswoman Charla Lord wrote in an email . If “ companies or other third parties improperly disposed of ( PCB ) products and created the need for the cleanup of any waterways , then they bear responsibility for the costs . ”
Contributing editor Sarah Gilman writes from Portland , Oregon . Follow @ Sarah_Gilman
A number of people are panicking about Leon Panetta 's statement to CIA employees , believing it rebuts Nancy Pelosi 's statement .
There is a long tradition in Washington of making political hay out of our business . It predates my service with this great institution , and it will be around long after I 'm gone . But the political debates about interrogation reached a new decibel level yesterday when the CIA was accused of misleading Congress . Let me be clear : It is not our policy or practice to mislead Congress . That is against our laws and our values . As the Agency indicated previously in response to Congressional inquiries , our contemporaneous records from September 2002 indicate that CIA officers briefed truthfully on the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , describing “ the enhanced techniques that had been employed. ” Ultimately , it is up to Congress to evaluate all the evidence and reach its own conclusions about what happened . My advice — indeed , my direction — to you is straightforward : ignore the noise and stay focused on your mission . We have too much work to do to be distracted from our job of protecting this country . We are an Agency of high integrity , professionalism , and dedication . Our task is to tell it like it is—even if that 's not what people always want to hear . Keep it up . Our national security depends on it .
But there 's a better way to understand this .
First , look at Panetta 's statement about the briefings themselves .
As the Agency indicated previously in response to Congressional inquiries , our contemporaneous records from September 2002 indicate that CIA officers briefed truthfully on the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , describing “ the enhanced techniques that had been employed. ” Ultimately , it is up to Congress to evaluate all the evidence and reach its own conclusions about what happened .
Panetta is stating two things :
The contemporaneous records ( that is , the CIA briefer 's own notes on the briefing ) show that the briefers `` briefed truthfully … describing ‘ the enhanced techniques that had been employed ' '' on Zubaydah . It is up to Congress to evaluate this evidence and `` reach its own conclusions about what happened . ''
Now , first of all , Panetta is not saying ( nor has anyone said , not even Porter Goss ) that the briefers briefed Congress that these techniques had been used . I know this sounds weasely , but until someone says , in plain language , that the CIA told Congress those techniques had already been used on Abu Zubaydah , we should assume that 's not what the notes reflect , because if they did , you can be sure both the briefing list and the public statements would say so . But no one is saying that . And against that background , Panetta is reiterating the statement that Congress should determine what happened–a reiteration of the admission that CIA 's own briefing records are not the totality of the story .
The CIA briefing list records that the following people participated in the briefing : Nancy Pelosi , her staffer Michael Sheehy , Porter Goss , his staffer Tim Sample , briefers from the CounterTerrorism Center ( CTC ) , and the Office of Congressional Affairs ( OCA ; elsewhere , we 've been told four people , total , from CIA attended ) .
While CIA does n't say it , the chances are very good that the head of CTC was among the four CIA officials who attended that briefing–he probably led the briefing . On September 4 , 2002 , the head of CTC was Jose Rodriguez .
Jose Rodriguez , you 'll recall , is one of the key suspects in the torture tape destruction .
Rodriguez admits to overseeing the destruction of the torture tapes , though he excuses doing so with this story ( delivered by his lawyer , leaker extraordinaire Bob Bennett ) :
Rodriguez , whom the CIA honored with a medal in August for `` Extraordinary Fidelity and Essential Service , '' declined requests for an interview . But his attorney said he acted in the belief that he was carrying out the agency 's stated intention for nearly three years . `` Since 2002 , the CIA wanted to destroy the tapes to protect the identity and lives of its officers and for other counterintelligence reasons , '' Bennett said in a written response to questions from The Washington Post . `` In 2003 the leadership of intelligence committees were told about the CIA 's intent to destroy the tapes . In 2005 , CIA lawyers again advised the National Clandestine Service that they had the authority to destroy the tapes and it was legal to do so . It is unfortunate , '' Bennett continued , `` that under the pressure of a Congressional and criminal investigation , history is now being revised , and some people are running for cover . ''
That is , Rodriguez does n't deny having the torture tapes destroyed–tapes showing Abu Zubaydah 's torture , which Rodriguez probably briefed Nancy Pelosi incompletely on on September 4 , 2002 . Rather , he says that 1 ) they had intended to destroy the tapes going back to 2002 , 2 ) Congress had been briefed on the plan to destroy them in 2003 , and 3 ) Rodriguez got the legal okay to destroy them in 2005 .
With that in mind , consider that the other key suspect in the torture tape destruction is Porter Goss , in the role he played in 2005 as Director of Central Intelligence . We know that Goss was explicitly warned , in writing , not to destroy the torture tapes . We know that Goss did n't tell Rodriguez not to destroy the tapes . And there are reasons to believe that the rest of Goss ' story about the torture tape is less than forthcoming .
So Jose Rodriguez , may have , at a time when ( he now says ) he was already thinking about destroying the torture tapes of Abu Zubaydah 's torture , briefed Nancy Pelosi and Porter Goss on the techniques used to torture Zubaydah . He , or someone else at the briefing , went back afterwards and wrote down what he remembered from the briefing , which is that he described the techniques used on Zubaydah ( though not neecssarily that he had told Pelosi and Goss those techniques had been used ) . Porter Goss has said Nancy Pelosi is nuts not to have assumed–at that time–that they were going to use waterboarding going forward . But even he , thus far , has not claimed that CIA told them torture had already been used .
We 've got Nancy Pelosi in a briefing with ( probably ) the two prime suspects from the torture tape destruction . She has said CIA misled them , then , about whether or not CIA had already used torture . And neither Goss nor the CIA generally ( representing CTC and therefore probably Rodriguez ) is really disputing that they did n't tell her that torture had already been used .
Now do you understand why people are coming after Pelosi so aggressively , even though there appears to be no disagreement about whether CIA told Congress torture had already been used ?
Okay , with that in mind , return to the bulk of Panetta 's comment , where he tells everyone not to get distracted , where he says that CIA does not have a policy of lying to Congress .
There is a long tradition in Washington of making political hay out of our business . It predates my service with this great institution , and it will be around long after I 'm gone . But the political debates about interrogation reached a new decibel level yesterday when the CIA was accused of misleading Congress . Let me be clear : It is not our policy or practice to mislead Congress . That is against our laws and our values . As the Agency indicated previously in response to Congressional inquiries , our contemporaneous records from September 2002 indicate that CIA officers briefed truthfully on the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , describing “ the enhanced techniques that had been employed. ” Ultimately , it is up to Congress to evaluate all the evidence and reach its own conclusions about what happened . My advice — indeed , my direction — to you is straightforward : ignore the noise and stay focused on your mission .
This is a statement reflecting not just the worries at CIA that they 've been sold out again , asked to break the law , but then hung out to dry after the fact . This is a statement given at a time when the very people being investigated ( probably ) –Rodriguez and Goss–are two of the three key players in the briefing at the time.And this is a statement that narrowly affirms the accuracy of the briefing ( given the briefing notes ) , while admitting that Congress should determine the full story . Yes , Panetta gives that narrow defense of CIA 's statement . But the bulk of Panetta 's statement implores the rest of CIA not to get hung up on the circus happening around them .
Panetta is doing two things . First , affirming that CIA has not misrepresented what got recorded in the briefing notes and that the language of the briefing notes is accurate–as far as that goes . And , at the same time , casting doubt on the full meaning of the statement while imploring the rest of CIA not to get distracted by yet another challenge to CIA 's credibility .
Monday , May 27 , 2013 | Place : New Delhi | Agency : DNA
The biggest Maoist strike in Chhattisgarh in terms of political impact that killed 27 people , including four state Congress leaders , has once again proved that little has changed on the ground in the tribal heartland and the CPI ( Maoist ) remains well entrenched there , capable of calling shots almost at will .
The undetected movement of a well equipped force of over 250 Maoists that engaged for nearly two hour gun battle in broad daylight on a state highway has thrown up several questions for both Centre and Raman Singh-led state government to answer for .
The first and the foremost question that intrigues is how over a lakh strong state police machinery that has support of almost 40,000 central armed police personnel on ground and air support of drones and 11 IAF and BSF helicopters failed to track and fight such a large movement of Maoists .
While the security officials blamed vastness of the area , its rocky and jungle terrain and ill-equipped and low morale state police as reasons for unable to overpower the Maoists , activists like GN Saibaba , vice-president of Revolutionary Democratic Front of India claimed the reason for Maoist domination lies in having a popular support base among the tribals .
“ The tribals have been at the receiving end at the hands of the state machinery . They have been harassed and killed by repressive governments for last 60-70 years and find a natural ally among Maoists . Till you do not have a pro-people government such situations will keep arising , ” said Saibaba .
Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh indicated slackness on part of the Chhattisgarh government for not being able to change the ground situation . “ If you go by statistics I do n't think we have been able to see any change in districts like Kanker , Narayanpur , Bijapur , Sukma and Dantewada in last 9 years like we have been able to see in several Maoist affected districts across Bihar , Odisha , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal… . The target of the attack was to send a message that this is a liberated zone , political parties keep off , ” said Ramesh .
Prof Hargopal blamed unrelenting push of neo-liberal policies for the current situation . “ This ( the attack ) will lead to escalation in violence . Both the Maoists and the state need to rethink . If the Maoists are struggling for the tribals , they need to be very careful of their action so that it does n't lead to further harassment of tribals . But the state needs to be more careful as the Constitution acknowledges aspirations of tribals . In the anxiety to be a nation state and the by pushing neo-liberal model , India has done the lot of injustices to the tribals . This inevitably is pushing tribals in the Maoist fold . ”
By Sean Trende - October 27 , 2010
In recent days , a debate has broken out over the issue of early voting . Partisans from both sides have trumpeted certain early results , while election watchers have scrambled to decipher just what , if anything , these early vote numbers tell us about what 's going to take place six days from today .
Politico 's Molly Ball helpfully compiled early voting returns in states that track returns by partisan identification . It 's prudent to stipulate up front that while early voting tallies do give us some hard data we can use to gauge the composition of the electorate , we ca n't make definitive conclusions about the shape of the 2010 electorate based on these numbers .
Let 's look at the three major components that define a party 's vote share in any given election : 1 ) how many of its members turn out in proportion to the overall electorate ( more or less a measure of the size of a party 's `` base '' , 2 ) how well the party fares with Independent voters , and 3 ) how much support the party receives from `` marginal voters . ''
We 'll examine each factor in light of the early voting data in turn :
( 1 ) Early voting suggests a much more heavily Republican electorate than 2008 .
Most analysts forget that the 2006 and 2008 elections had very different features . Consider the following chart :
As you can see , Republicans turned out in 2004 and in 2006 in roughly equal numbers to the Democrats . 2006 was actually about the GOP hemorrhaging Independents , who swung from favoring Democrats 49 percent to 46 percent in 2004 to favoring Democrats 57 percent to 39 percent in 2006 . 2008 then built upon 2006 by changing the makeup of the electorate , while Democrats held most of their gains from 2006 among Independents .
The GOP is probably slated to , at the very least , undo the Democratic gains from 2006 to 2008 . Nate Silver compares the early voting data from 2008 to 2010 in the states where we have the most reliable data , and finds consistent swings toward the Republicans . His chart is reproduced here :
As you can see , the swing toward Republicans is pretty significant , and in many instances approaches double digits . In other words , the Republicans have so far managed to reverse the changes in the makeup of the electorate from 2004/06 to 2008 . In fact , it appears in most states they have gone far beyond this . We ca n't reliably hypothesize about whether the GOP has improved its electorate relative to 2006 and 2004 without better data about early voting in those years . But it is worth noting that in the two states for which I could find 2004 partisan data , North Carolina and Florida , the GOP is exceeding its 2004 totals .
( 2 ) Independents are supporting Republicans , creating a Republican wave .
One shortcoming of the early voting returns is that they only tell us the numbers of Republicans , Democrats , and Independents voting . They do n't tell us how they are voting . If large numbers of Republicans are voting for the Democratic candidate , or if Independents are leaning strongly Republican , it would have a substantial effect on the election results . Early voting returns alone will not pick up on this .
However , most polling does delve into how partisans are voting . As I explained before , the most tenuous part of polling is trying to model the makeup of the electorate ; the polls are actually pretty good at telling us how Republicans , Democrats and Independents are planning to vote . Early voting numbers mitigate the weakest part of polling by giving us exact numbers for the early electorate , which , combined with the polls , allows us to surmise the state of the races as of today .
If we use the early voting numbers to weight the crosstabs from the available polls in those states where we have hard early voting numbers ( and not those states where we simply have estimates provided by the parties ) and a well-polled Senate race , we can get a sense of just how heavily things are swinging against Democrats ( or toward Republicans ) .
For example , the recent California polling that includes crosstabs for partisan voting behavior shows that , on average , Carly Fiorina is receiving 82 percent of the Republican vote , 10 percent of the Democratic vote , and 41 percent of the Independent vote , while Barbara Boxer is getting 9 percent of Republicans , 77 percent of Democrats , and 38 percent of Independents .
If we weight these averages to the early voting numbers , we can see what kind of results the early voting numbers are suggesting . We can also compare these numbers to current polling , and get a sense of whether Republicans or Democrats are overperforming the polls .
( Numbers here are current as of Monday afternoon . The asterisk here represents the substitution of Independent Charlie Crist for the Democrat , Kendrick Meek , since Crist is currently running second in Florida ) .
In almost every state , the Republican is running a few points ahead of where we would expect them to be in the polls , while the Democrat runs behind . If we remove Pennsylvania and Florida as probable outliers , Republicans are outperforming the polls by about 1.8 points on average , almost exactly what I suggested last week . Moreover , the early voting electorate suggests that Republicans are currently running ahead in key tossup Senate contests in Colorado , Nevada , Pennsylvania , and Washington State , and are running very close in California . This would suggest greater Senate gains than 1994 , and would probably hand the GOP control of the Senate , even if Democrats were to hold onto their apparent early lead in West Virginia .
This shift is attributable to the Republicans ' lead among Independents of 11 points on average . In other words , Republicans seem to have undone the Democratic advances among partisan ID from 2008 and the Democratic advances among Independents from 2006 . They are performing much better among Independents than they were even in the good Republican year of 2004 .
This is bad news for Democrats because , while we might quibble about whether or not Republicans are going to improve upon these early voting numbers among the final electorate or whether Democrats will close the gap , it is indisputable that independents will increase their share of the electorate between now and Election Day .
Right now , the median state in our sample has an early voting electorate that is 18 percent independent . Independents have averaged 26 percent of the electorate over the past three cycles . This almost inevitable increase in Independents , who are leaning Republican this cycle , means that we 're pretty much guaranteed to see more Republican-leaning voters in the final tally than we 're seeing now .
( 3 ) The size of Republican gains in this election comes down to marginal voters .
At the end of the day , whether this election is a very bad year for Democrats ( House seat losses in the 40s or 50s ) or a debacle ( 60+ seats ) will come down to marginal voters . Jay Cost helpfully defines these voters as `` the 25 % or so of the country that can be brought into the political process via a high-profile presidential campaign that gets saturation coverage - like 2004 and 2008 - but does n't get drawn into statewide campaigns . ''
Although we do n't have much good data on these voters , my sense is that they are unlikely to vote early , if they vote at all . They might not even know that early voting is available ! And they 're also the type of voter who normally might be dissuaded from voting by circumstances that increase the inconvenience of casting a ballot ( i.e . if a polling place is n't nearby , or a line looks too long , or if the weather is n't particularly good ) .
Democrats probably came pretty close to maxing out their marginal voters in 2008 , and President Obama is working hard to get them to turn out again . As Cost points out , this is why Obama is wrapping up the campaign in Rhode Island and California . If he can turn out marginal Democratic voters in key blue states , it might help to shore up vulnerable Democrats like Barbara Boxer or Jim Costa in CA-20 .
But the big question is how many marginal Republican voters will be in the electorate this year . Anecdotal evidence suggests that Republicans are extremely fired up this year , and that may explain why GOP participation in early voting in North Carolina and Florida is outstripping even 2004 turnout .
But odds are that marginal voters in both parties wo n't turn out until Election Day . It is also worth noting that these GOP voters would not be counted in any likely voter screens , which frequently keep out voters who have n't voted in the last two elections . This is especially true of state-level polls , where pollsters frequently do n't have the resources to conduct in depth voter screens . If marginal Republican voters do n't turn out en masse , the Democrats might avert catastrophe . If they do , Democrats will need to batten down the hatches .
On Sunday we did a livestream where we opened the discussion on releasing a full and permanent F2P service for Old School . If you have n't watched the livestream yet , please make sure you do as this is probably the most important update Old School has ever had . You can watch the livestream here .
Last night we did an AMA on Reddit to answer any questions that you may have . After the AMA we spoke about when the right time was to poll whether we should add F2P and Membership Bonds to Old School . The demand we have seen over the last few days makes us believe that we should be polling this as soon as possible .
Currently we have a GE Tweaks poll running and when that finishes at 10am tomorrow , we will launch the F2P poll with the following question :
Should we add a full and permanent F2P service alongside Membership Bonds ?
The F2P poll will be open until 10am GMT Wednesday 4th February .
Membership bonds are very similar to RS3 bonds with the main difference being that you will not be able to redeem them for anything other than membership . We will also not be introducing Runecoins , Squeal of Fortune , Treasure Hunter , Solomon 's Store or any other sort of micro-transactions – we would n't add these without their own poll and there are no plans for that at all .
When you purchase a Membership Bond through the website you can then either redeem the bond for membership or sell it to another player . If you buy a bond for in game gold from another player you will be able to easily redeem it for 14 days ' of membership .
Bonds have had a great impact on RS3 such as decreasing bots , decreasing the amount of gold entering the economy and reducing RWTing . We expect Membership Bonds to have a similar impact in Old School . There will be fewer bots , spammers , RWTing and a stronger economy so your efforts are worth more .
During the livestream on Sunday we spoke about why we believed introducing a full and permanent F2P service with Membership Bonds is the right thing to . Introducing Membership Bonds allows us to retain players who lapse out of membership when they have the option of playing a free version of Old School . The result is that we will be in the best position to grow the community over the next 5 years giving us the opportunity to expand the team and deliver bigger and better updates so you can enjoy Old School even more .
If you want more information , please make sure you watch the livestream or read the AMA . It is really important that you get involved with the discussion .
Discuss this on our forums .
Mods Archie , Ash , Ghost , Ian , John C , Mat K , Reach , Ronan , Weath
The Old School Team
A judge says an Ontario woman with incurable erosive osteoarthritis fits a key requirement to receive a medically assisted death after her doctor refused to help her because he feared criminal prosecution .
In a decision delivered in a Toronto court on Monday , Superior Court Justice Paul Perell ruled the woman 's `` natural death is reasonably foreseeable . ''
He said the 77-year-old woman 's doctor had reached the same conclusion but changed his mind because he feared he would be accused of murder .
Perell did not grant the woman 's request to declare unequivocally that she meets all criteria for medically assisted death , but he noted that clarifying the federal law on reasonably foreseeable death would help her case .
Shanaaz Gokool , CEO of Dying with Dignity Canada , says she is pleased with the ruling and hopes it will give doctors more confidence in dealing with similar cases .
Gokool praised the woman , identified in court documents only by the initials AB , for having the courage to take her case to court so she can die with dignity .
Johns Hopkins University shattered the dreams of nearly 300 applicants after accidentally sending welcome messages to students who were actually rejected or deferred .
The emails with the subject line `` Embrace the Yes ! '' were sent as a result of human error , The Washington Post reported . David Phillips , vice provost for admissions and financial aid , says a contractor who works with Johns Hopkins on electronic communications pulled a wrong list of emails .
The students had applied early decision to the prestigious Baltimore university . Of the 294 applicants who received an erroneous message , 285 had actually been denied admission , and nine had received deferrals .
Cathy Stephenson of Culpeper County , Virginia , says she 's irate that her son received a mistaken admission notice after an earlier denial . She says university officers should make personal phone calls to apologize .
The school apologized in a follow-up email and public statements .
Other colleges also have made embarrassing errors in admissions notices . In February , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology sent thousands of students a mistaken email about financial aid saying they were all receiving the information because they were admitted , but that was wrong .
Similar mistakes have been reported at Fordham University , Vassar College and at the University of California at San Diego , which in 2009 mistakenly sent acceptance emails to all 46,000 students who applied , including 28,000 who were rejected .
Copyright Associated Press
President Trump disturbed some in the press after vowing in his United Nations speech to `` destroy '' North Korea should the country attack the U.S .
In his speech , Trump referred to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un as `` Rocket Man '' and said he was on a `` suicide mission '' in advancing the country 's nuclear weapons development .
`` The United States has great strength and patience , but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies , we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea , '' he said .
On Twitter , MSNBC host Lawrence O'Donnell said Trump `` threatened to commit a war crime '' by threatening North Korea .
At UN Trump threatened to commit a war crime : `` totally destroy North Korea . '' — Lawrence O'Donnell ( @ Lawrence ) September 19 , 2017
A reporter for the left-leaning Huffington Post website seemed to suggest Trump 's harsh comments may justify the rogue state 's actions .
`` Gee , Kim Jon-un is so irrational for wanting nuclear weapons . ''
Gee , Kim Jon-un is so irrational for wanting nuclear weapons https : //t.co/kBHESh13C7 — Jessica Schulberg ( @ jessicaschulb ) September 19 , 2017
Steve Peoples , a reporter for the Associated Press , reacted , `` 'Rocket man ' may get headlines , but the president of the United States just threatened to eradicate a nation of 25 million people . ''
Trump and officials in the administration have offered mixed public signals as to how the U.S. would respond to perceived threats from North Korea , at times suggesting a preferred diplomatic route and other times more explicitly suggesting military action .
This goes beyond `` fire and fury '' -- > https : //t.co/k7lTBiiMKt — Hallie Jackson ( @ HallieJackson ) September 19 , 2017
Last month , Trump said the U.S. would rain `` fire and fury '' on North Korea if Kim upped the country 's aggressive missile tests .
Reacting to Trump 's speech at the U.N. , NBC reporter Hallie Jackson said , `` This goes beyond 'fire and fury . ' ''
Published : Tuesday 7 May 2013
Tags :
The Shard 's first restaurant launches today when Zuma founder Rainer Becker opens Oblix on the 32nd floor of London 's tallest building .
The £6 million pound New York-style grill restaurant is in the high-but-not-eye-popping price bracket , with typical meals set to cost around £70 . Popping eyes are reserved for the spectacular views , which can also be enjoyed from a music lounge adjoining the restaurant .
`` I thought if I do n't do something here I 'll always regret it , because The Shard dominates , in a positive way , the London skyline , '' said Becker , who is behind Roka as well as Zuma .
Other restaurants in the pipeline for The Shard include a Chinese eatery on the 33rd floor , due to open in June , and a venue operated by Shangri-La hotels on floor 35 , which launches towards the end of the year .
The Shard is the tallest building in the EU , standing at 310 metres ( 1,016 feet ) at its peak . Visitors can go all the way up to floor 72 - tickets available here . It 's probably best to leave eating at Oblix until the way down .
Within his field , Tao is best known for a proof about a remarkable set of numbers known as the primes . The primes are the whole numbers larger than 1 that can be divided evenly by only themselves and 1 . Thus , the first few primes are 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 and 11 . The number 4 is not a prime because it divides evenly by 2 ; the number 9 fails because it can be divided by 3 . Prime numbers are fundamental building blocks in mathematics . Like the chemical elements , they combine to form a universe . To a chemist , water is two atoms of hydrogen and one of oxygen . Similarly , in mathematics , the number 12 is composed of two ‘ ‘ atoms '' of 2 and one ‘ ‘ atom '' of 3 ( 12 = 2 x 2 x 3 ) .
The primes are elementary and , at the same time , mysterious . They are a result of simple logic , yet they seem to appear at random on the number line ; you never know when the next one will occur . They are at once orderly and disorderly . They have been incorporated into mysticism and religious ritual and have inspired works of music and even an Italian novel , ‘ ‘ The Solitude of Prime Numbers . '' It is easy to see why mathematicians consider the primes to be one of the universe 's foundations . From counting , you can develop the concept of number , and then , quite naturally , the basic operations of arithmetic : addition , subtraction , multiplication and division . That is all you need to spot the primes — though , eerily , scientists have uncovered deep connections between primes and quantum mechanics that remain unexplained . Imagine that there is an advanced civilization of aliens around some distant star : They surely do not speak English , they may or may not have developed television , but we can be almost certain that their mathematicians have discovered the primes and puzzled over them .
Tao 's work is related to the twin-prime conjecture , which the French mathematician Alphonse de Polignac suggested in 1849 . Go up the number line , circling the primes , and you may notice that sometimes a pair of primes is separated by just 2 : 5 and 7 , 11 and 13 , 17 and 19 . These are the ‘ ‘ twin primes , '' and as the journey along the number line continues , they occur less frequently : 2,237 and 2,239 are followed by 2,267 and 2,269 ; after 31,391 and 31,393 , there is n't another pair until you reach 31,511 and 31,513 . Euclid devised a simple , beautiful proof showing that there is an infinite number of primes . But what of the twin primes ? As far as you go on the number line , will there always be another set of twins ? The conjecture has roundly defeated all attempts at proving it .
When mathematicians face a question they can not answer , they sometimes devise a less stringent question , in the hope that solving it will provide insights . This is the path that Tao took in 2004 , in collaboration with Ben Green of Oxford . Twins are two primes that are separated by exactly 2 , but Green and Tao considered a looser definition , strings of primes separated by a constant , be it 2 or any other number . ( For example , the primes 3 , 7 and 11 are separated by the constant 4 . ) They sought to prove that no matter how long a string someone found , there would always be another longer string with a constant gap between its primes . That February , after some initial conversations , Green came to visit Tao at U.C.L.A. , and in just two exhilarating months , they completed what is now known as the Green-Tao theorem . It could be a way point on the path to the twin-prime conjecture , and it forged deep connections between disparate areas of math , helping establish an interdisciplinary area called additive combinatorics . ‘ ‘ It opened a lot of new directions in research , '' says Izabella Laba , a University of British Columbia mathematician who has worked with Tao . ‘ ‘ It gave a lot of people a lot of things to do . ''
Polyjuice Potion
`` The Polyjuice Potion , which is a complex and time-consuming concoction , is best left to highly skilled witches and wizards . It enables the consumer to assume the physical appearance of another person , as long as they have first procured part of that individual 's body to add to the brew ( this may be anything - toenail clippings , dandruff or worse - but it is most usual to use hair ) . The idea that a witch or wizard might make evil use of parts of the body is an ancient one , and exists in the folklore and superstitions of many cultures .
_______________________________________________________________
The fact that Hermione is able to make a competent Polyjuice Potion at the age of twelve is testimony to her outstanding magical ability , because it is a potion that many adult witches and wizards fear to attempt . ''
_______________________________________________________________
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Oct. 18 , 2016 , 7:30 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 18 , 2016 , 8:46 PM GMT By Jon Schuppe
Gun-control advocates are trying a new strategy to draw attention to the issue in the final weeks before Election Day : a provocative advertisement called `` Toddlers Kill . ''
The tongue-in-cheek spot , commissioned by the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and produced by a major New York ad agency , is a mashup of footage of young children handling guns with a narrator who portrays kids as dangerous criminals . A statistic flashes on the screen saying that an American is shot by a toddler on a weekly basis .
`` We need to lock them up , '' the narrator says . `` Not the guns . That 's just un-American . The toddlers . ''
Brady spokesman Brendan Kelly said the ad was meant to seize people 's attention during a tumultuous election campaign and persuade them to vote for candidates who support reforming gun laws .
`` Gun violence is bigger than toddlers , '' Kelly said .
Related : Rash of Accidental Child Shootings Prompts Tough Response in Detroit
Indeed . Shootings involving small children is a tiny percentage of the total number of shootings in America : of the 33,599 people shot to death in 2014 , the last year for which government data is available , 56 were children ages 3 and younger .
There is not any reliable data that tracks the number of children who , on accident or on purpose , shoot someone else , although researchers are working on making that available .
Related : Recent Shootings Reflect Grim Frequency of Child Gun Deaths
The Brady Campaign used data collected by The Washington Post , which began tracking such shootings last year , and an analysis of that reporting by Snopes , Kelly said .
The Trace , an online news site that covers gun violence — and is funded in part by a gun-control advocacy group — did its own analysis this year , focusing on children 13 and younger using data from the nonprofit Gun Violence Archive .
Jennifer Baker , a spokeswoman for the National Rifle Association , called the ad `` offensive '' and accused the Brady Campaign of trying to `` sensationalize tragedy to push a gun control agenda . '' She added , `` If they were truly concerned about safety , they would be spending their resources on safety and training . ''
Related : The Truth About Guns and Gun Control
Researchers say that the number of accidental firearms deaths — among children and overall — has been declining steadily . Some credit states that have passed laws requiring parents to store guns in safe places .
The NRA disputes that , and credits its own gun safety program for the decline .
`` No one in the world has done more to promote the safe and responsible use of firearms than the NRA , '' Baker said .
by Stephen Lendman
America 's national pastime is n't baseball . It 's not other bread and circus distractions . It 's one war after another . It 's wars that do n't end .
It 's permanent ones for power and profits . Monied interests benefit most . Waging them for peace is a convenient illusion .
Humanitarian intervention is a ruse . So is responsibility to protect mumbo jumbo .
Code language conceals real motives . Invasions and occupations are called liberation . Plunder is called economic development . Imperial control is called spreading democratic values .
Exploitation is called freedom . Patriotism means going along with what 's wrong . Mass slaughter and destruction are small prices to pay .
Propaganda wars precede hot ones . Big Lies suppress vital truths . Obama 's waging war on humanity . Where things end who knows .
A previous article asked what do you call a country that glorifies wars and violence in the name of peace ?
It 's been at war every year in its history . It 's done so against one or more adversaries . It 's waged them at home and abroad .
It 's civilian gun ownership is the highest worldwide . It has the greatest homicide rate among all developed countries by far . Owning weapons makes it simple as ready , aim , fire .
Proliferation leaves everyone vulnerable . Violence is a way of life . US communities experience it multiple times daily .
Many are n't safe to live in . Being in the wrong place at the wrong time risks death .
Every gun-related fatality leaves two others wounded . Every year , about 100,000 Americans become gun violence victims .
Countless others are irreparably harmed . Nothing whatever is done to curb or prevent what 's shocking and intolerable .
The right to bear arms does n't enfranchise people to commit violence . It touches every segment of society .
It is commonplace on streets , in homes , at work , in schools , in public buildings and elsewhere . It happens when people least expect it . Major incidents occur all too often .
Vulnerability to domestic gun-related death or injury exceeds most US war theaters . It does n't surprise . Powerful semi-automatic assault weapons are freely bought and sold . They 're as easy to get as toothpaste .
Automatic ones are prohibited . It does n't matter . They 're easily obtained . American children are weaned on violence .
Violent films are some of the most popular ones . So are similar video games and music . They glorify guns , rape and murder . They crowd out simpler street games . They make them look sissy .
Prescription and illicit drug use is out-of-control . So is alcoholism . America is called a rape culture . It 's for good reason .
One-fourth of adult women are forcibly raped . Often it 's by someone they know . Family members share guilt .
One in four women report being sexually molested in childhood . Repeat violations over extended periods are commonplace . Three-fourth of US women experience some form of extreme violence in their lifetimes .
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury . It 's the second leading cause of death . Guns play a leading role . Children and adults are harmed . Women and young girls are n't spared .
Which country facilitates endemic violence ? Which one promotes it ? Which one considers it normal and commonplace ? Which one does nothing responsible to curb it ?
Which one endorses easy access to dangerous assault and other deadly weapons ? Which one fails to prohibit them ?
Which one glorifies war ? Which one does so in the name of peace ? Which one does it over and over again ? Which one calls it patriotic to do so ?
Which one says ravaging and destroying one country after another spreads democratic values ?
What one does little to curtail well over a million domestic violent crimes annually ? Which one 's addicted to one war after another ?
What kind of leader permits what no responsible one would dare ? Which one wages war on humanity ? Who does so on false pretenses ? Who risks mass annihilation ?
Who does n't care ? Who champions wrong over right ? Who believes unchallenged global dominance alone matters ?
Who 's willing to risk all to get it ? Who 's mad enough to believe it 's possible ?
John McMurtry is a Progressive Radio News Hour regular . On September 15 , he 's this host 's featured guest .
We 'll discuss `` The Cancer Stage of Capitalism : From Crisis to Cure . '' We 'll do so in depth .
We 've discussed it briefly before . His first edition was published over a decade ago . His new one updates what he first wrote .
It 's powerful writing . It must read . It connects important dots . It explains a global disorder .
`` As in any cancer system , '' says McMurtry , `` the life host is increasingly plundered , but the cancer is masked from immune recognition or response . ''
`` The cancer stage of capitalism is not a metaphor . ''
`` It is a world-system disorder . '' It 's `` an explanatory model . '' It explains the `` characteristics of cancer invasion . ''
It `` proliferate ( s ) , decouple ( s ) from and attack ( s ) the productive functions of life hosts . '' Genocide becomes its `` leading edge . ''
`` Transnational money sequencing '' becomes a be all and end all . It 's manipulated to make more of it .
It multiplies like cancer cells . Doing so is self-destructive . Endless wars best explain . So does predatory finance .
`` ( W ) hole societies and tens of millions of people pay the price in mass disemployment , social system dismantling , and foreign expropriation . ''
`` The life-blind private conglomerate money-sequences precipitat ( e ) collapse across nations . '' Victims are blamed for what 's done to them .
`` 'Contagion ' conceals every moment of the cancer system at work . ''
Monied interests crowd out life sustaining systems . Mainstream economics wo n't recognize what 's wrong .
`` The people must pay for the money-sequence cancer growth , and so more public wealth and individual savings must be taken away to do it , '' says McMurtry .
It works by `` debt multiplication . '' It 's piled on governments and individuals . It 's done to enrich bankers and other corporate favorites . It 's a slippery slope to self-destruction .
What ca n't go on forever , wo n't . What 's unsustainable wo n't continue . Every buck will first be extracted . They 'll be taken before societies and life systems are left hollowed out and barren .
Wars are a global addiction . Arms comprise the largest category of world trade . Well over a trillion dollars are spent annually . Doing so diverts what 's needed for life sustaining essentials .
Killing and destroying matter more . Profits matter more than public needs . Predatory capitalism is a `` cancer system . ''
It 's carcinogenic . It gets `` cumulatively worse the longer it is unrecognised . '' It 's destroying ecological , social and organic life .
McMurtry calls it `` the Great Sickness . '' It 's `` global ecogenocide . '' It `` cumulatively degrade ( s ) '' air , soil , and water . It `` destabilize ( s ) '' climates and oceans .
It destroys species . It endangers `` life-systems . '' It creates intolerable levels of world poverty , inequality and human misery . It benefits the few at the expense of most others .
It produces health destroying `` junk '' unfit to be called food . Indebtedness crowds out productive investments . Wars take precedence over peace . Corporate empowerment matters more life .
McMurtry discusses what he calls the `` social immune response . '' It 's required to fight `` macro cancer . ''
More than ever a viable alternative is needed . Sustaining societies requires a universal commitment to life and nature .
An upcoming Progressive Radio News Hour discussion will connect important dots . It 'll relate Obama 's war on humanity to carcinogenic cancer . It 'll feature John McMurtry . He 'll discuss `` The Cancer Stage of Capitalism . ''
He 'll explain how doing so destroys societal viability . It 'll be heard live on the Progressive Radio News Network . It 'll be announced in advance . It 'll be archived for easy listening any time .
Tune in . Make the Progressive Radio News Hour a regular habit . Learn what you need to know . Distinguished guests like McMurtry and many others explain best .
McMurtry will explain how `` global ecogenocide '' is killing us . He 'll discuss a viable alternative too important to ignore . It 's more important now than ever . Humanity 's survival depends on it .
- # # # -
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen @ sbcglobal.net .
His new book is titled `` Banker Occupation : Waging Financial War on Humanity ``
http : //www.claritypress.com/Lendman.html
Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com
Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network .
It airs Fridays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon . All programs are archived for easy listening .
http : //www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour
http : //www.dailycensored.com/war-americas-national-pastime/
Concerned about food security ?
If so — and there are good reasons to be — the smart thing for Canada to do is adopt policies to foster more international food trade , says a new study from the Conference Board of Canada 's Centre for Food in Canada .
This under-reported analysis , published late last month while I was on vacation , is a welcome and overdue counter-balance to some of the nonsense that 's stated or implied in discussions about those trendy 100-mile diets and eat-local campaigns .
There 's nothing wrong with local food — it can be healthy and tasty , though it 's by no means as inherently virtuous as its fans might have you believe . But to promote over-reliance on homegrown edibles , especially in densely populated areas , is to invite serious unintended consequences .
A big issue — the one this analysis focuses on — is economic .
“ Trade in food provides significant benefits , ” writes Kristelle Audet , a Conference Board economist who wrote this report .
“ Without it , Canadian production of things like canola , wheat , lentils , soybeans , and red meat would be much lower ; our access to fresh fruits and vegetables year-round would be limited ; and it would be difficult , if not impossible , to find things like coffee and sugar in our supermarkets . ”
The cost of such production losses would be huge . Wheat exports alone brought in more than $ 4.5 billion in 2010 , and canola and canola oil added up to $ 5.5 billion . Canada 's top 10 farm exports totalled nearly $ 20 billion .
Of course , producing a lot more local food would also boost the economy . But it would be far less efficient to try to do some everything rather than specializing in the things our climate and our workforce do best . So the inevitable result would be either higher prices , or less to eat , or both . Not to mention vastly less variety .
The environmental impact of every part of Canada trying to feed itself locally would also be huge . Many localities — including much of B.C . — would n't have enough good land available . The consequence would be putting marginal land under the plow , then sub-marginal land .
Even keeping good land in production , as B.C . knows from its experience with the Agricultural Land Reserve , comes at the cost of creating more and more urban sprawl , and all the adverse environmental impacts that it creates .
Pierre Desrochers and Hiroko Shimizu , authors of the Locavore 's Dilemma , reckon that if the whole world went this route , additional land equal to the size of South America would have to be pressed into service as the global population races inexorably toward nine billion human beings .
And , without diverse , secure , and well-established global trade links , our little corner would be vulnerable to droughts and other disasters that plague many countries and could strike ours . This would be much more serious than a loss of production in one or a handful of the many places that supply food in a diverse trading environment .
But let 's get back to economics .
Audet notes that the Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement and then NAFTA hugely boosted Canada 's food exports to the U.S. , and since 2002 our markets have diversified greatly thanks to other trade deals . She sees immense potential if future deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Canada-Europe Trade Agreement are eventually concluded .
European Union regulators are preparing to charge Microsoft for failing to comply with a 2009 ruling ordering the company to offer users of its desktop operating system a choice of web browsers , Reuters is reporting .
The EU opened an investigation into the case back in July , to determine whether Microsoft had kept the commitments it made under the antitrust ruling which stipulated users should be offered a choice of browsers to ensure a more level playing field for competitors to Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser .
At the time of the investigation Microsoft conceded it had “ fallen short ” of the ruling — a mea culpa flagged up by EU Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in the latest comments on the case .
“ The next step is to open a formal proceeding into the company 's breach of an agreement . We are working on this , ” Reuters quotes Almunia as saying . “ It should not be a long investigation because the company itself explicitly recognized its breach of the agreement . ”
We 've reached out to Microsoft and the EC for comment and will update once we hear back . Microsoft said its July 2012 statement on browser choice compliance still stands — in which it admits “ falling short ” , apologizes for doing so and blames the failure on a “ technical error ” :
Due to a technical error , we missed delivering the BCS [ browser choice screen ] software to PCs that came with the service pack 1 update to Windows 7 . The BCS software has been delivered as it should have been to PCs running the original version of Windows 7 , as well as the relevant versions of Windows XP and Windows Vista . However , while we believed when we filed our most recent compliance report in December 2011 that we were distributing the BCS software to all relevant PCs as required , we learned recently that we 've missed serving the BCS software to the roughly 28 million PCs running Windows 7 SP1 .
Microsoft 's penalty for failing to comply could be considerable . Reuters notes the company could face fines of up to 10 per cent of its global turnover . Microsoft has already paid some €1.68 billion ( $ 2.44 billion ) in fines over EU antitrust actions over the past 10+ years .
Commissioner Almunia also makes mention of the Microsoft browser compliance investigation in a speech he gave today at the 2nd International Competition forum in Warsaw , Poland — noting : “ I take compliance very seriously and we are now considering the next steps . ”
EC Google Search Dominance Probe
In the same speech , Almunia also flagged up the EC 's ongoing investigation into Google 's search dominance , noting that talks are continuing to try to “ solve this case with effective commitments in the interest of users ” :
Two years ago we have also opened an investigation against Google – another world brand – on concerns that it had used its dominance in online search to foreclose advertisers and rivals . We are discussing with the company to see whether we can solve this case with effective commitments in the interest of users . Otherwise , we will need to pursue formal proceedings . Naturally , it is often preferable when a firm can propose swift and satisfactory commitments , especially when they are needed to restore competition in fast-moving markets .
Discussing the wider challenges of implementing competition law and investigating large , global companies , Almunia added : “ A good authority must be blind to where the headquarters of a firm are located or how much influence it has on world markets . This is crucial if we are serious about protecting the interests of all European citizens and I imagine it is also quite reassuring for investors to know that we treat all companies alike . ”
View this article online at https : //www.fedsmith.com/2017/03/24/epa-investigating-employee-covert-activity/ and visit FedSmith.com to sign up for free news updates
The concept of a deep state in the United States is a theory whose adherents believe that there exists a coordinated effort by career government employees to influence state policy without regard for democratically elected leadership .
A search in the Bing search engine revealed about 7.3 million results . If nothing else , recent events have spurred an interest in the “ Deep State ” term .
Federal Employees and the Deep State
Numerous Twitter “ alt ” accounts with the name of federal agencies have popped up and many of them have hundreds of thousands of followers . It is doubtful , so far at least , that there is solid evidence current federal employees are involved in distributing information through these accounts , that their actions were on government time using government equipment and that information that is prohibited from being released is being funneled to the public .
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has been an agency cited as having employees with bad morale and engaging in activity designed to thwart the Trump administration from following new priorities . The agency 's budget has been slashed in a recent budget proposal for fiscal year 2018 , and some EPA employees could be transferred or lose their jobs as a result .
EPA employees were openly campaigning to prevent Scott Pruitt from becoming the new agency head . The EPA is described in one recent article as “ the heartland of the deep state . ”
The House Committee on Science , Space and Technology has asked for an investigation by the EPA Inspector General into reports that federal employees at the agency are using an encrypted messaging app to communicate . The committee expressed concern that EPA employees were using a strategy against attempts by new political appointees to undermine the agency 's mission . The House Committee is concerned that these reports , if true , are violating federal record keeping requirements .
Investigation by EPA into Employee Activities
Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request was filed by the Cause of Action law firm on February 22nd . The firm writes that within hours after filing a lawsuit on the use of an encrypted messaging program by employees , the EPA responded to the FOIA request .
Cause of Action describes its organization as “ a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) public interest law firm which represents pro bono clients in government investigations and litigation… ”
The FOIA request was related to activities associated with the “ Deep State. ” Signal is an encryption program for messages . It uses the Internet to send one-to-one and group messages , including images and video messages . It can also be used for making one-to-one voice and video calls . This is the same program which concerned the House Committee in asking for an investigation .
The FOIA request from Cause of Action requested information , including the following :
All records created or received by any EPA employee on Signal .
All records concerning EPA efforts to retrieve , recover , or retain records created or received by EPA employees on Signal .
In its response , the EPA stated that records created or received by its employees on “ Signal , ” and records concerning efforts “ to retrieve , recover , or retain ” those messages , were “ part of one or more open law enforcement file ( s ) . ”
The agency claimed the records were exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act ( “ FOIA ” ) because they were compiled for “ law enforcement purposes ” and their disclosure “ could reasonably be expected to interfere with ongoing enforcement proceedings . ”
The EPA response also noted that it does not have any records regarding giving “ permission , clearance , or approval ” to EPA employees to use the Signal program or other “ instant messaging programs , for the conduct of official EPA business .
Cause of Action Response
The Cause of Action organization indicated in a statement that the lawsuit will proceed .
The EPA 's response to our lawsuit is unsurprising , but still deeply disturbing . The unauthorized use of an encrypted messaging app by a government employee is inappropriate , and the EPA appears to agree that its employees might have broken the law . Although we are pleased to learn that the agency is examining potential wrongdoing , we will continue to fight for the disclosure of records responsive to our FOIA request because we do not agree that the law prohibits the disclosure of the Signal messages . It will be up to the courts to decide .
Federal Records Act and Federal Employee Communication Methods
This event is the latest in a series involving federal employees and covert communications or communicating with personal email accounts regarding government business .
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform recently sent letters to 55 federal agencies seeking information on federal employees ' use of unofficial government communication methods .
The Committee is concerned about reports federal workers are using alternate means of communication , including personal email accounts or encrypted messaging applications . If this is done , such as with using a personal email account , the Federal Records Act requires that the employee copy the message to his or her official account within 20 days to preserve the official government record .
What Comes Next ?
It is possible some employees are becoming enthralled with using outside sources to work toward personal political goals . The House Oversight Committee is also looking into the protection of classified information . The letter from the Committee to the Inspector General for the Department of Justice notes there have been news reports “ recounting potentially classified national security information. ” Reports indicated the “ National Security Division of the Department of Justice had applied for a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to intercept electronic records from Russian banks. ” ( See Leaking Information , Federal Employees and Political Ideology )
Opinions on whether there is a “ Deep State ” of federal employees who are working to thwart the priorities and programs of the Trump administration appears to now depend largely on political leanings . Presumably , litigation and investigations such as this effort to obtain information from the EPA or the several investigations requested by Congressional committees will ultimately provide more definitive answers .
EPA Response to FOIA on Use of Encrypted Messaging by Employees by FedSmith , Inc. on Scribd
But recent weeks have also brought evidence of profound change within Africa 's most populous nation . On March 28 , Nigerians replaced an incumbent president in a democratic election for the first time ever — a truly historic achievement in a country with all-pervasive corruption and a history of rigged polls .
As Nigeria marks a year since the kidnapping of 276 girls from their school in Chibok — another atrocity that would draw global attention to the insurgency 's extreme brutality — hope of finding the 219 students who are still missing has faded . Hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced by a violent upheaval wrought by the extremists and the military 's response to their relentless campaign , with soldiers themselves accused of horrifying abuses .
Countless more attacks and many thousands of deaths later , the conflict with Boko Haram has arrived at a crucial moment with a mixture of sorrow and cautious optimism . It presents an opportunity to address the root causes of the insurgency and begin to remedy them .
When the footage surfaced the following month , the world had barely heard of the Islamist extremist group that has come to be known as Boko Haram , but the explosion that ripped through the UN building , killing 23 people and injuring 116 , would begin to change that . The slight young man in the video illustrated the growing problem of radicalization within the country — he was identified as a 27-year-old auto repair worker , a seemingly ordinary resident of northeastern Nigeria .
The young man spoke nonchalantly and occasionally flashed a serene smile as he spoke into the camera , belying the message his video would deliver to the world : That he was responsible for an August 2011 suicide attack against the United Nations headquarters in Nigeria 's capital of Abuja .
Read more
The young man spoke nonchalantly and occasionally flashed a serene smile as he spoke into the camera , belying the message his video would deliver to the world : That he was responsible for an August 2011 suicide attack against the United Nations headquarters in Nigeria 's capital of Abuja .
When the footage surfaced the following month , the world had barely heard of the Islamist extremist group that has come to be known as Boko Haram , but the explosion that ripped through the UN building , killing 23 people and injuring 116 , would begin to change that . The slight young man in the video illustrated the growing problem of radicalization within the country — he was identified as a 27-year-old auto repair worker , a seemingly ordinary resident of northeastern Nigeria .
Countless more attacks and many thousands of deaths later , the conflict with Boko Haram has arrived at a crucial moment with a mixture of sorrow and cautious optimism . It presents an opportunity to address the root causes of the insurgency and begin to remedy them .
As Nigeria marks a year since the kidnapping of 276 girls from their school in Chibok — another atrocity that would draw global attention to the insurgency 's extreme brutality — hope of finding the 219 students who are still missing has faded . Hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced by a violent upheaval wrought by the extremists and the military 's response to their relentless campaign , with soldiers themselves accused of horrifying abuses .
But recent weeks have also brought evidence of profound change within Africa 's most populous nation . On March 28 , Nigerians replaced an incumbent president in a democratic election for the first time ever — a truly historic achievement in a country with all-pervasive corruption and a history of rigged polls .
Related : 'Boko Haram Is a Devil ' : Embedded with Troops in Nigeria 's Ongoing Offensive
Muhammadu Buhari , president-elect of Nigeria . ( Photo via Flickr )
The man who will now lead Nigeria through this period of deep turmoil is Muhammadu Buhari , who previously governed the nation for nearly two years after taking power in a 1983 military coup . That period was known for his ill-conceived `` War Against Indiscipline , '' a draconian attempt to coercively reform the country through police state tactics . He has since pronounced himself a committed democrat who has abandoned his old authoritarian ways , and Nigerians will be watching closely to see if he lives up to that promise .
There is reason to believe that Buhari , a retired Muslim general from northern Nigeria , will be in a better position to subdue the insurgency than his predecessor Goodluck Jonathan , a southern Christian who often seemed indifferent to Boko Haram 's campaign until it was clearly out of control .
Buhari has said that he will pursue the insurgents militarily . An offensive involving neighboring countries over the past couple months has made important progress in removing them from towns they had occupied in Nigeria 's northeast . It has also helped to make clear that armed force will not be enough .
Buhari 's electoral victory might have assuaged the feeling of hopelessness in the northeast in some small way , but only real progress in rectifying the underlying issues will have a lasting impact .
The regional effort has revealed the shortcomings of Nigeria 's army , with the oil-rich country needing the help of its smaller and poorer neighbors to effectively battle Boko Haram . Its decline is symbolic of the astonishing levels of graft and disastrous mismanagement that have robbed Nigerians of any trust they might have once had in their institutions . Millions of people have remained impoverished as corrupt politicians pocket oil money and shop for luxury cars and private jets .
Northeastern Nigeria , where Boko Haram emerged , has been hit especially hard by unemployment and poverty , and trails much of the rest of the country in education . In Borno state , the center of the insurgency , a report presented to UNESCO estimated the literacy rate at 14.5 percent compared to 92 percent in Lagos , Nigeria 's economic powerhouse in the southwest .
Countering Western education is , of course , part of Boko Haram 's mission . This helps explain why the group targeted the students at Chibok and other schools . `` Western education is forbidden , '' the group 's founder Mohammed Yusuf told authorities after he was caught in 2009 . `` Any type of knowledge that contradicts Islam , Allah does not allow you to acquire it . ''
Other areas of northern Nigeria , which is predominately Muslim , endure economic and political marginalization similar to that seen in Borno . The country 's mainly Christian south has had its share of troubles as well — including a violent militancy in the oil-producing Niger Delta region — but it has fared better , particularly because it is where the oil industry is based .
Related : The War Against Boko Haram ( Full Length )
Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau . ( Screengrab via YouTube )
Islamist extremism thrives on destitution , ignorance , and disillusionment , and it developed in northern Nigeria for these reasons , well before Boko Haram . In the 1970s , a movement sprouted under the leadership of a radical preacher known as Maitatsine who interpreted the Qur'an in unorthodox ways and was said to have insisted on the absolute rejection of Western civilization . He and his followers viewed the secular Nigerian government as illegitimate , sparking deadly riots in 1980 in Kano , northern Nigeria 's largest city . It was a portent of what would follow .
Years later , with Nigeria 's justice system plagued by the same corruption that had degraded other institutions , northern Islamic reformers pushed for the use of Sharia law in criminal cases . Opportunistic politicians took up their cause around the time the country returned to civilian rule in 1999 , and Sharia became official policy across most of the north , though it is selectively applied .
Boko Haram began to take shape shortly afterward , with a profound sense of hopelessness in the northeast swelling its ranks and leading to a 2009 uprising that left around 800 people dead . Nigeria 's security forces captured and executed Mohammed Yusuf . His bloodthirsty deputy , Abubakar Shekau , then took over , and the group gradually evolved into a monstrous slaughtering machine , willing to engage in staggering levels of butchery .
It recently pledged allegiance to the Islamic State group , a development that has received much attention and which should be monitored closely . But true links between the two groups remain questionable , and many in Nigeria regard the pledge as a propaganda stunt . Above all , it should not distract from the socioeconomic factors behind the insurgency and the Nigerian government 's inability to stop it .
The young man in the video is who Buhari must keep in mind when he assumes the presidency on May 29 . His electoral victory might have assuaged the feeling of hopelessness in the northeast in some small way , but only real progress in rectifying the underlying issues will have a lasting impact .
An immediate effort to cut back on corruption and restore the army must be one of Buhari 's first orders of business , but he should also lay out a clear and substantial plan to improve and protect education and infrastructure — and then be sure to follow through . Nigeria has seen its leaders promise many detailed projects , from finally providing steady electricity to building good roads , but a failure to deliver them has only compounded public disillusionment .
Proof of progress would demonstrate for Nigerians that their commitment to democracy in the recent election was not in vain . And it would give the nation 's disenfranchised citizens reasons to live so that they are no longer as willing to die .
Mike Smith was Lagos bureau chief for the Agence France-Presse news agency from 2010-2013 and is the author of the book Boko Haram : Inside Nigeria 's Unholy War . Follow him on Twitter : @ mikejsmith504
Penn & Teller are making the holiday season extra magical this year : the duo has signed on as Grand Marshals for the annual Hollywood Christmas Parade .
The magicians/entertainers and stars of CW 's “ Penn & Teller : Fool Us ” will oversee the festivities , a live event taped for television that is presented and produced by Associated Television International .
“ We are thrilled to once again be a part of the Hollywood Christmas Parade , one of the greatest holiday traditions of all time , which is enjoyed by millions of families each year , ” said ATI president Jim Romanovich . “ This year , we are especially gratified to have both the CW and our good friends at Hallmark as our television partners . We are equally thrilled to be partnered with Toys for Tots once again . Through the parade and the generous support of our media partners the CW , Hallmark , Radio Disney , KOST , Entertainment Tonight , Variety , and so many more , we can continue to help provide the necessary awareness tools for the Marine Toys for Tots program , which is essential in their providing gifts to less fortunate children everywhere . ”
Erik Estrada , Laura McKenzie , Dean Cain and Montel Williams are co-hosting the parade , which will take place starting at 5 p.m. on Nov. 29 on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles . A two-hour special will air at 8 p.m. Dec. 11 on the CW while Hallmark Channel will air multiple runs beginning Dec. 19 on their Hallmark Movies & Mysteries channel . The parade will also air to more than one million American servicemen and women worldwide on American Forces Network .
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell is facing a four-game suspension for a violation of the NFL 's drug policy , sources told ESPN 's Dan Graziano .
The suspension is the result of missed drug tests , not a failed one , sources said . The appeals process is ongoing , which is why the suspension has n't been announced .
No date for Bell 's appeal has been set , though it 's expected that it will be heard before the regular season . If it is n't overturned , Bell would miss the first four games of the season .
According to the NFL 's substance-abuse policy , a player must miss multiple drug tests before he would be subject to a suspension .
Bell was suspended for the first three games of 2015 , which was later reduced to two games , for a violation of the NFL 's substance abuse policy after he was arrested on charges of marijuana possession and DUI in the summer of 2014 .
Since Bell entered the league , his 119 yards per game from scrimmage leads all players . He caught 83 passes for 854 yards two years ago to go with his 1,361 rushing yards .
Despite Bell 's potential absence , the Steelers remain second favorites to win Super Bowl , along with the Green Bay Packers , behind only the New England Patriots ( 13/2 ) at Westgate SuperBook . The Bell news did not cause any changes to Steelers ' Super Bowl odds , per Jeff Sherman of the SuperBook .
Information from ESPN 's David Purdum was used in this report .
Michael Bierut is an award-winning designer , partner at Pentagram in New York City , and author of various books on design . Over his decades in the field of graphic design , he has witnessed a shift in public awareness , especially when it comes to logos . With this increased attention , some endeavors ( like political campaigns ) that once relied on relatively simple conventions ( candidate names and variations on flags ) are being called upon to develop more refined and versatile solutions .
The Political Logoscape
Whether by accident or design , President Obama 's rising sun logo changed the landscape of presidential graphic design . The distinctive ‘ O ' shape was simple and correspondingly highly flexible , able to be deployed in different contexts and at various scales . That logo , notes Bierut , “ established a benchmark for campaigns ” going forward , in part because its central feature ( the stylized ‘ O ' ) could be pulled out and used independently of the candidate 's name or election year text .
With the Clinton campaign , Bierut sought to “ exploit some of the characteristics that people had come to appreciate about the Obama logo , one of which was that it could be adapted into different forms . ”
The result was intentionally simple : the letter H with an arrow pointing forward , rendered in the primary colors of the American flag . Bierut recalls saying : “ I want something that 's so simple that a first-grader could do it with construction paper , Elmer 's glue and kindergarten scissors. ” He “ did n't want a fancy thing you needed to know software programs to create , [ rather ] something that was easy to draw as a heart or a peace sign or a smiley face . ”
Still , when something so minimal is released into the world , it becomes a kind of inkblot test for both fans and critics , a foil for expressing their existing opinions . Facing down criticism , the campaign stood by the logo and it ended up being widely used in various ways and contexts .
Meanwhile , Bierut cites the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN hat as being emblematic of the opposing campaign , serving almost like a logo . “ It 's a populist sort of thing , ” he says , “ clearly not something one associates with coastal elites ” or intellectuals or business attire-clad professionals . “ It 's meant to be the kind of thing you associate with hard-working , salt of the earth Americans. ” As a wearable object , the hat became both highly visible and a signal of particular commitment . It is also reflective of the candidate — one can read echoes of his speaking style into the bold capitalized white letters against the stark red background .
Of course , there was also the official Trump/Pence logo , which met with a great deal of criticism upon its release . For many , the T/P ligature in particular called unsavory associations to mind , quickly resulting in animated versions ( and ultimately the disuse of the logo itself ) . Bierut thinks if they had stuck with the design , though , people would eventually have accepted it and moved on .
Criticism in the Age of Social Media
Logo design has not always been such a major source of public scrutiny and controversy . When the United Parcel Service ( UPS ) changed their logo in 2003 to reflect a broadening of their business beyond package delivery , the redesign elicited a few articles . Much of the criticism and discussion that took place , however , happened within design community forums and chat rooms rather than big social media sites .
The rise of social media and online publishing has since changed the equation for logo criticism . When Gap unveiled its new logo 2010 , it sparked a huge outcry from brand fans and citizen critics . In a way , this should n't have come as a surprise — people are invested in the logos of things they love — but Gap was not expecting such a high level of resistance . Eventually , the company caved and reverted to its old logo .
Brand attachment to big banks and other corporations is one matter , but it tends to be less personal for people than things like sports . Changing a logo for a team or league can lead to very passionate responses . For a time , many sports fans were attached to a version of the Big Ten logo featuring the number 11 in its negative space ( reflecting the fact that there were actually eleven teams in the conference ) .
As the increasingly misnamed Big Ten added more teams , however , the strategy of keeping a hidden number became increasingly challenging . So when Michael Bierut and Michael Gericke tackled its redesign they went with the word BIG and an implied 10 ( in the ‘ IG ' ) . Despite the inaccuracy of its predecessor , the new logo ( predictably ) resulted in an initial round of outrage from impassioned fans .
Bierut defends these critics , pointing out that “ those people are the loyal fans … [ the ] passion that makes them sit in those seats when the weather is terrible [ is ] the same passion [ that ] is going to make them take it personally ” when a new logo is released . In a way , even outrage is better than indifference — it shows people care .
Confronted with criticism , Bierut writes back with polite responses , putting a name and face to the work he has done . While he ca n't always change someone 's mind about a given design , he can show them there is a thoughtful human behind its creation .
Seeing Positives in a Negative Space
Bierut often finds things to appreciate about logos , even ones he does n't particularly like initially . Take the Met for instance : it is easy to see how the Metropolitan Museum of Art tried to modernize their image with its new logo , but the old one also had a degree of complexity that seemed to fit the labyrinthine establishment . Still , Bierut believes the new and simplified one will work out in the long run .
The logo of the 2012 Olympics was likewise widely criticized at the time , and Bierut can see why : it is chunky and jagged , ungainly and complex . But he can defend it as well : its idiosyncratic and specific nature arguably makes sense for a complicated and one-off series of cultural and sporting events .
Given time and ( sometimes negative ) space , logos can also reveal elements that surprise and delight , akin to the hidden objects on the backs of old Highlights magazine issues . There is an arrow , for instance , tucked inside a white void in the relatively simple-looking FedEx logo ( hint : look between ‘ E ' and ‘ x ' ) .
One trick for those seeking to avoiding extreme initial reactions ( in either direction ) is a low-key release . A recent Kodak logo redesign was rolled out without any special fanfare . In this case , the new logo was meant to reflect a rebirth of a beloved company , long associated with a simple rounded shaped an implied ‘ K ' . The latest design recalls older versions with a twist : stacked rather than horizontal lettering .
Another technique to reduce logo-related hostility is to “ flip the rebranding process on its head by sharing each step with the masses , ” as Wired reported with regards to Mozilla 's recent logo redesign . Their “ experiment was a response to the vitriolic state of online logo criticism … Rather than defend itself after the fact , Mozilla posted proposed logos online , where anyone could comment. ” The end result is a design that cleverly incorporates part of internet addresses ( ‘ : // ' ) . Of course , not even this process could stop critics from attacking the final version .
Another key to successful redesigns is avoiding paths of the least resistance , like chasing trends — even simplicity can be overdone . In the 1960s , switching to the minimalist typeface Helvetica became an easy way to modernize logos . It fell out of favor for a time but has made a comeback with companies like Diane von Furstenberg , which recently switched from a more complex and stylized shape to a typed-out name approach . “ So instead of the idiosyncratic DVF monogram that they had before , ” explains Bierut , “ now it 's the words Diane von Furstenberg … and it looks clean , neutral , smart ” but , he says , the minimal version can also come off as “ impassive and expressionless. ” Still , as with other logos , this one will no doubt also find love from fans of the brand .
Appreciation Over Time
Logos are somewhat exceptional elements in the realm of graphic design . Book covers , for instance , have “ one moment of truth , ” says Bierut , referring to the short time between a customer spotting a volume and deciding to purchase it . Their design then becomes secondary . In contrast , even simple logos a child could draw appreciate in value over time as they become more and more associated with the organization they represent . Public participation in logo criticism is often powerful but generally short-lived — in the end , people are more invested in the thing represented than its visual brand identity .
“ At the end of the day , ” says Bierut , “ graphic design is really important … but it 's also one of the most cosmetic things in the world. ” He presents a simple , real-world example : if you can read the exit sign then you can find your way out of the building , whatever typeface it happens to employ . But if the exit door is nailed shut , you may have a serious egress problem . Of course , the exit sign 's design can be better or worse , fitting the architecture or contradicting the aesthetic of a place , but those small differences are rarely a matter of life and death . So designers and critics take note : it can be fun to care about logo designs , but keep the stakes of the game in mind and remember those logos you once hated but have learned to love over time .
Meanwhile , for more from Michael Bierut , check out his book : How to Use Graphic Design to Sell Things , Explain Things , Make Things Look Better , Make People Laugh , Make People Cry , and ( Every Once in a While ) Change the World . Also be sure to subscribe to The Observatory , a podcast hosted by Michael Bierut and Jessica Helfand as well as its sibling show : Design Matters with Debbie Millman . And for more logo design critiques with Roman Mars , read his thoughts on Government Logos From Best to Worst at the Washingtonian .
2Slick4U Retired PR Developer
Join Date : Apr 2006 Posts : 4,020 United States of America United States of America Location : Wilmington , NC
Information Regarding Recent Fundraising Campaign
Do you have a dedicated team member that is responsible for Project Reality 's finances ?
Yes and that team member is me . I have handled all of Project Reality 's finances since 2007 . There were some major issues back then as Project Reality had absolutely no income . So , I setup Google AdSense for website Ads and PayPal for donations to make Project Reality as self-sufficient as possible . We immediately were able to cover a lot of Project Reality 's cost and for a long time we covered ALL of them .
When I took over Project Reality 's finances , I fully understood how big of a responsibility it was and the importance of keeping everything as transparent as possible . Project Reality has its own bank account at a completely separate financial institution from any personal accounts that I have . The same applies to the PayPal account . I keep books on everything and every year I file taxes with the IRS and create an `` End of Year Financial Report '' outlining a summary of all of our income and expenses for that year . If at any time any member of PR 's management wants to see any bank statement or other financial report , all they have to do is ask .
Now , we are currently not fully self-sufficient . There are multiple Dev 's who have purchased various things for Project Reality out of their own account over the years ( myself included ) . These developers tend to be the pillars of the Dev team who go above and beyond ( including paying out-of-pocket ) to improve the Project Reality modification itself or enhance you , the communities , general experience with PR . They all should be commended for the dedication and support of Project Reality .
What caused Project Reality 's current financial crisis ?
Six months ago , I had a life-threatening medical problem which left me in the hospital for a week . I went to my regular doctor because I had a god awful headache for 3 days straight . He sent me for an MRI where it was discovered that I had a blood clot in my head . I was immediately air-lifted to UNC Chapel Hill Hospital ( a very prestigious hospital in the US ) . Once at UNC , I found myself in what I can only describe as an episode of `` House '' . I had a team of 6 doctors and 10 or so medical students caring for me 24hrs a day . Luckily , they were able to break up the clot , but there still has not been a diagnosis as to what caused it . However , the doctors did inform me that they believed stress was a major contributing factor .
I 'm sure not all of you have been in a life-threatening situation before , but being 30 years old and being told that you may die very quickly opens your eyes to what is truly important and in the grand scheme of things , Project Reality is not . So , I took six months off from a lot things , including Project Reality . This is when PR 's finances tanked and the AdSense account was disabled . Call it negligence or bad bookkeeping if you wish , but my life and my family is far more important than a game . I will , however , sincerely apologize for everything that happened and the position Project Reality was put in .
Why are you not asking the community to help with servers/hardware ?
The main reason we are not , and will not , ask the community or server administrators to provide servers or hosting for Project Reality is simple : dependability and stability . Control and access to core components of Project Reality 's operation are restricted to only dedicated and trusted Dev Team members who actually need access .
The problem that arises when a non-team member is given control of any critical component is that he/she can suddenly disrupt that service without notice . It is absolutely necessary that the Dev Team remains in control of every aspect of the development Project Reality .
How much does it cost to keep Project Reality running ?
There are multiple components that are critical to the development and general operation of Project Reality . There are website servers , TeamSpeak servers , SVN servers , testing servers , FTP servers , domain registrations , code signing certificates , software licensees etc . for multiple projects that you , the community , may or may not be aware of . Currently on average , these expenses add up to around $ 400 a month .
Is Project Reality currently over-spending ?
Yes , we are currently over spending . This is not something that has been going on for a long period of time however , as we just recently shut down a few projects . We are currently exploring our options to move to new servers that better meet our needs , both financially and hardware specification wise .
Why is the fundraising campaign goal set to the amount of $ 1,500 ?
As stated in the original news post , our Google AdSense account was suspended due to Google 's very strict content policy . This has caused a loss in revenue totaling close to $ 1,000 over the past six months . In order to move to new , cheaper servers and keep Project Reality going , a $ 1,500 figure was agreed upon by PR 's management . We do not always hit our donation goals every month and ad revenue can vary dramatically . With that said , we need to be able to compensate for the low income months and ideally would like to have enough funds available to cover all our expenses for 3-5 months .
How do I know that I can trust Project Reality with my money ?
Project Reality has been around for 10 years now . During those years , we have never made a plea for financial help . We are legitimate business who is validated and confirmed ( we have to be in order to keep our code signing certificate ) . If you are sincerely concerned about donating to Project Reality , then simply do n't . We do n't require our community to pay for Project Reality as it is a free modification for anyone to download and play .
In conclusion , the entire Project Reality Team would to extend their sincerest thanks to the simply phenomenal show of support from all of you ! It is absolutely amazing how you came through for us . It is because of you guys , the greatest community ever , that Project Reality is where it is today !
THANK YOU !
-Slick There have been multiple questions brought up by various community members pertaining to the recent fundraising campaign and Project Reality 's finances in general . These questions are by all means valid and warranted , so I will do my best to address them.In conclusion , the entire Project Reality Team would to extend their sincerest thanks to the simplyshow of support from all of you ! It is absolutely amazing how you came through for us . It is because of you guys , the greatest community ever , that Project Reality is where it is today ! -Slick
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 9987 Posts Last Edited : 2014-01-02 23:07:40 # 1
+ Show Spoiler +
Version 2.0 ( 2013-11-25 ) :
No longer conflicts with any other proxy extensions such as Mediahint , Hola , etc . Yay !
Install :
https : //chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/twitchtv-europe-lag-fix/hkoehmlkhjgaboegkondkciclminpjof ? hl=en
+ Show Spoiler [ FireFox Instructions ] +
Firefox is no longer supported . In my quest to reduce the amount of lag I experience on Twitch streams in Europe , I discovered that the European Twitch servers seem to perform worse than the US servers for me . So I developed a Chrome extension that uses some proxy trickery to try to redirect your connection to a US Twitch server . This has resulted in a massive improvement in my ability to watch Twitch lag-free . Maybe it will for you too ! Give it a try ! No longer conflicts with any other proxy extensions such as Mediahint , Hola , etc . Yay !
UPDATE : This extension has been discontinued . As a result of Twitch changing their video system to HTTP instead of RTMP , this extension does not help nearly as much and will actually cause problems for some people instead of improving things . Administrator Twitter : @ R1CH_TL
RiSkysc2 Profile Joined September 2011 680 Posts Last Edited : 2013-11-03 00:02:01 # 2 If enough people use this , surely NA will suffer the same problems EU does ?
Also , will this work on my phone ?
Flaiker Profile Joined July 2010 Germany 235 Posts # 3 Seems to be working great for me . Couldnt watch WCS America before at all . ...
WhizPower Profile Joined June 2013 Netherlands 33 Posts # 4
Your Experimental Twitch Proxy stopped working like 2 months ago for me though . Trying it out right nowYour Experimental Twitch Proxy stopped working like 2 months ago for me though .
tomastaz Profile Joined January 2013 United States 973 Posts # 5 Thanks man ! No church in the wild -- - @ tzhang0126
FlukyS Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Ireland 481 Posts # 6 Thank fuck this came before the WCS finals . Thanks R1CH .
zYwi3c Profile Joined November 2010 Poland 1811 Posts # 7 You are truly a wizard R1CH ! I 'm getting the derection .
seodoth Profile Joined April 2010 Netherlands 314 Posts Last Edited : 2013-11-03 00:57:35 # 8 in the twitchproxy.exe i keep getting a `` connect request to '' followed by `` connect failure , 10060 '' and `` -- - disconnected -- - ''
KeksX Profile Blog Joined November 2010 Germany 3629 Posts # 9 Works like a charm so far ! GJ !
calippo Profile Joined March 2011 Sweden 855 Posts # 10 well done R1CH , a single person doing a better job then twitch . I hope they are happy with the new datacenters they put up in europe that didnt do shit , well spent money when they could have hired you in it for the game not for the .... - PMS Army . [ WUFC-SDK . VIM . PMS ]
Wiggins8 Profile Joined October 2013 Germany 107 Posts # 11 Firefox ... ? ? ?
Thalandros Profile Blog Joined July 2012 Netherlands 1148 Posts # 12 Not sure if this is supposed to be the result and if this is even possible but I can watch in 1080p whereas I usually had to scale it down to `` high '' ( mostly 720p i assume ) . Thanks a bunch , R1CH ! || `` I think we have all experienced passion that is not in any sense reasonable . '' ||
bogderpirat Profile Joined April 2011 Jordan 65 Posts Last Edited : 2013-11-03 01:38:35 # 13
and who is running that proxy ? are they collecting the subscription tokens of people who have a subscription ?
aside from all of that , it does n't seem to help me in particular ; still getting the usual lags . should n't it be possible to ship the pac file with the extension and link it internally ? a possibly arbitrary proxy configuration script based on some url is n't something i 'll trust entirely.and who is running that proxy ? are they collecting the subscription tokens of people who have a subscription ? aside from all of that , it does n't seem to help me in particular ; still getting the usual lags . if khaldor had boobs , i 'd hit him
icydergosu Profile Blog Joined December 2009 526 Posts Last Edited : 2013-11-03 03:01:34 # 14
update :
www.twitch.tv
usher.twitch.tv Does anybody know which domain does the actual geochecks ? update : usher.twitch.tv I am the Punishment of God . If you had not commited great sins , god would not have sent a punishment like me upon you .
EpeenKingPrime Profile Joined February 2012 Netherlands 61 Posts # 15 Which ISP do you have Rich ? Mine is UPC living in Eindhoven .
I have used the vlc mobile_high fix and that sometimes helps , not always since when VLC starts being more than 20 sec behind real time it starts lagging way more .
Thanks , trying the proxy extension right now .
chrippa Profile Joined September 2007 Sweden 15 Posts Last Edited : 2013-11-03 01:58:57 # 16 You may want to add a disclaimer that this should only be used if you trust R1CH . Since this is a proxy all your cookies are sent to his server and could be used to hijack your user session .
bogderpirat Profile Joined April 2011 Jordan 65 Posts # 17 mobile streams were great until everyone started using them D : if khaldor had boobs , i 'd hit him
Suede Profile Blog Joined September 2013 Sweden 9 Posts # 18 For some reason the stream is lagging more on high than before , although Source is almost lagfree .
Thanks for the great add-on , will definitively be used !
Noocta Profile Joined June 2010 France 12017 Posts # 19 How telling it is about Twitch EU infrastructure that I get better viewer experience by using servers that are thousands of kilometers away from my place than the one next door ... `` I 'm not gon na fight you . I 'm gon na kick your ass ! ``
Liquid ` Ret Profile Blog Joined October 2002 Netherlands 4475 Posts Last Edited : 2013-11-03 02:27:19 # 20 This fix made all twitch streams watchable again for me , whereas before I could not watch anything without lag , even on some of the lowest settings ...
so awesome , r1ch ! ! ! < 3 Team Liquid
1 2 3 4 5 11 12 13 Next All
`` Some perceptions of extremism continue to this day . ''
VIDEO : Manning Centre director says Albertans see the Wildrose Party as rural extremists
VIDEO : Manning Centre director says Albertans see the Wildrose Party as rural extremists
Do n't bank on Wildrose leading a united right because too many Albertans see the party as rural extremists , says an influential Manning Centre director .
Cliff Fryers , Preston Manning 's former chief of staff who now sits on the Manning Centre 's board of directors , rattled through a list of “ weaknesses ” and “ problems ” with uniting the right at the “ Alberta Ca n't Wait ” forum in Red Deer last weekend .
Fyers advocates the creation of a third conservative party “ that will again dominate the province ” for a variety of reasons . He says the PC 's have a reputation for being “ in the pocket of large corporations and wealthy Albertans , ” while Wildrose is “ bereft ” of experience and lacks “ depth . ”
Reacting to the initiative 's talk of forming a new party , Wildrose leader Brian Jean said that is “ frankly not helpful at all ” :
“ We want to consolidate conservatives , we want to make sure we are the only choice in the next election that there will be a fiscally conservative government in Alberta . ”
But the Manning Centre director has doubts about whether Wildrose can “ consolidate ” anything , it seems .
As Fryers sees it , one problem is Wildrose continues to be viewed as an extremist party :
“ Some perceptions of extremism continue . They 've moved substantially from what they were in their founding period to the centre , but some perceptions of extremism continue to this day . ”
And in addition to being viewed as an extremist party , Fryers added Wildrose is seen as too rural :
“ The party is seen as rural and very detached from urban voters . This is one of its problems . ”
In addition to organizational problems , the one-time Wildrose campaign chairman noted the name of the party could be problematic too , because “ the word ‘ conservative ' is not in the party name . ”
Although he thinks “ Wildrose ” is a “ wonderful name , ” Fryers said it 's “ not seen to be as ‘ commonly conservative ' . ”
The “ Alberta Ca n't Wait ” forum was emceed by Manning Foundation director Leah Costello and counts Preston Manning among its “ ambassadors , ” along with several others linked to the Manning Centre or Alberta PCs .
In 2014 , Manning helped orchestrate the defections of Wildrose leader Danielle Smith and eight other Wildrose MLAs to Jim Prentice 's Progressive Conservatives in another failed bid to unite the right in Alberta .
While the Manning Centre is not formally affiliated with the initiative , they do appear to be a very enthusiastic promoter of the initiative 's work :
Photo : YouTube .
The author of the Harry Potter series , J.K. Rowling , took to social media on Monday to defend her stance against the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement after receiving criticism from some fans .
Last week , Rowling was among dozens of U.K. artists who signed a letter published in The Guardian protesting the idea of culturally boycotting Israel and expressing support for Culture for Coexistence , an independent British network committed to informing and encouraging dialogue about the Jewish state in the cultural community .
Rowling said that a “ number of readers ” have asked for more information as to why she signed the letter . Rowling wrote on her Twitter account that while she opposes the policies of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , she does not “ believe that a cultural boycott will force Mr. Netanyahu from power , nor have I ever heard of a cultural boycott ending a bloody and prolonged conflict . ”
“ Those Israelis will be right to ask why cultural boycotts are not also being proposed against – to take random examples – North Korea and Zimbabwe , whose leaders are not generally considered paragons by the international community . ”
Rowling added that she believes it will be “ ordinary Israelis ” who might not support Netanyahu who will be most affected by the boycotts .
“ The sharing of art and literature across borders constitutes an immense power for good in this world , ” Rowling said .
Critics of BDS claim the group seeks to delegitimize Israel as a nation and push forward the idea of a Palestinian state without direct negotiations .
It 's Game Week , finally , and that means projections for the division races .
( No offense to Stanford and Oregon State , which experienced Game Week last week , although the Beavers probably would have preferred more practice to their experience at Colorado State , which coach Gary Andersen deemed embarrassing . )
Anyhow , the North and South have clear favorites and obvious cellar dwellers , but the circumstances are n't identical .
I 'd be less surprised if Washington gets overtaken in the North than if USC gets bypassed in the South . No way USC does n't win the South .
The Trojans simply have too much margin for error : They do n't have as many threats in the South as UW does in the North , and the threats that exist are , well , less threatening . Get Pac-12 Conference news in your inbox . Sign up for the Pac-12 Hotline newsletter .
If you tracked the Hotline 's 12-part series , in which I picked the outcome of every game for every team , the projections below will look familiar . ( Here 's the final installment , which includes links to the picks for all the teams . )
I have n't changed the outlooks , even with the somewhat surprising quarterback news out of Utah ( Tyler Huntley to start ) and the late roster addition for Oregon ( DT Malik Young ) and the season-ending injury to UCLA lineman Kenny Lacy and the abysmal performance by Oregon State . I picked the Beavers to win four games and am not quite prepared to drop that total to three .
Consider this the one-stop shopping version of that series .
* * * North
1 . Washington ( projected record : 11-1/8-1 ) : the Best combination of quarterback , line play , skill talent , coaching and schedule — just about everything , really . Wake me in November .
2 . Stanford ( 9-3/7-2 ) : Pieces in place to challenge Washington so long as QB Keller Chryst does n't lose games and the defensive line is sturdy . Should know by the close of Week Four whether the Cardinal is a true contender .
3 . Washington State ( 9-3/6-3 ) : Can not afford another slow start with so many road games in the second half . Could be WSU 's best team since the late-Price/early-Doba years .
4 . Oregon ( 6-6/4-5 ) : Veteran offensive line gives Ducks a chance to make the leap to the North 's top tier , but the defense is years away from being the backbone of a division winner . Expectations a bit ahead of reality .
5 . Oregon State ( 4-8/2-7 ) : Ominous start at Colorado State , and I expect more losses — many more losses — in coming months . After the progress in 2016 comes a season of stagnation .
6 . Cal ( 4-8/2-7 ) : Anything better than 3-9 would be a nice first step for Justin Wilcox , whose rebuild will take years . Bad as the Bears have been defensively , that might be their best unit this fall . Related Articles Pac-12 Networks : Media analysts grade the networks ( part four of the Pac-12 Hotline series )
Fan poll : The Pac-12 's Offensive Player of the Year will be … ?
* * * South
1 . USC ( 10-2/7-2 ) : Loads of talent and quarterback Sam Darnold give the Trojans plenty of cushions . September is rugged , but if the offensive line coalesces quickly , then a playoff berth comes into focus .
2 . UCLA ( 9-3/6-3 ) : Expecting a bounce-back season with Josh Rosen healthy , the running game revived and enough returning defensive talent to counteract the attrition on the front seven .
3 . Colorado ( 7-5/4-5 ) : Everything broke right for the Buffs last year , and they were very good . ( Both were true . ) This fall , not as much goes right , and they 're not quite as good .
4 . Arizona State ( 6-6/4-5 ) : One of the Arizona schools will jump back into the middle of the South , and I 'm leaning to the Sun Devils . Better defense , better options at quarterback .
5 . Utah ( 5-7/3-6 ) : The move to Tyler Huntley will benefit the program over the long haul , but now there 's a rookie QB playing behind a rebuilt line . Tough to see the Utes contending for the division 's upper half .
6 . Arizona ( 4-8/1-8 ) : Not sure the issues that surfaced last season are solvable in one recruiting cycle … and yes , that assumes the quarterback play is better . Better , but not good enough . For more Pac-12 coverage
follow Pac-12 Hotline on Flipboard .
* * * Send suggestions , comments and tips ( confidentiality guaranteed ) to pac12hotline @ bayareanewsgroup.com
* * * The Hotline podcast is available on iTunes .
* * * Pac-12 Hotline is not endorsed or sponsored by the Pac-12 Conference , and the views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the views of the Conference .
Activist Post
Monsanto announced today that they are quitting their effort to get more genetically modified crops approved in Europe .
“ We will no longer be pursuing approvals for cultivation of new biotech crops in Europe , ” the biotech company said in a statement .
“ Instead , we will focus on enabling imports of biotech crops into the EU and the growth of our current business there , ” Monsanto added .
Only two genetically modified crops are allowed to be grown in the European Union ( Monsanto 's MON 810 maize and BASF 's Amflora potato ) .
The EU currently has a ‘ zero tolerance ' policy for importing GMOs . Presumably , Monsanto will focus their attention on modifying this policy , and they already have an strong ally in the European Commission — President Jose Barroso .
Farm To Consumer points out : As Dr. Sylvia Onusic from
The current President of the European Commission , controversial Jose Barroso who is a strong supporter of GMOs and was responsible for the recent illegal approvals of the GMO potato and Intacta soybeans , has been working to undermine current law and regulations on GMOs . He is actively lobbying to lift the EU ‘ zero tolerance ' policy on GMO imports which states that imported food or feed material can not contain trace amounts of GMO substances . Introducing these unlabeled products into the European food chain from the U.S. and Canada would make it impossible for Europeans to make informed buying decisions , thus diluting the current EU labeling laws on GMO .
Monsanto 's announcement comes just two days after BASF made a similar retreat from the European GM market . BASF largely pulled their operations out of Europe over a year ago citing “ resistance to technology ” in the EU . Read other articles by Activist Post Here
Tim Hortons franchisees have filed a class-action lawsuit against the iconic Canadian coffee chain 's parent companies Restaurant Brands International Inc. and TDL Group Corp. , claiming damages for breach of contract .
The 26-page statement of claim , filed Monday in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice , also names Tim Hortons Advertising and Promotion Fund ( Canada ) and a handful of executives .
At issue is how money was collected and spent in the advertising fund .
“ The claim was filed because RBI failed to adequately respond to legitimate questions about its use of advertising funds collected from Tim Hortons franchisees , ” the Great White North Franchisee Association said in a statement .
“ Litigation was not our preferred option , ” the franchisee group said in their statement . “ It became the default option due to RBI 's lack of transparency and unwillingness to answer important questions put to it in writing . ”
In the statement of claim for the proposed class action , which has not yet been certified , the plaintiffs say they want an accounting of all money in the Ad Fund as of Dec. 15 , 2014 , as well as of receipts into and disbursements out of the fund since that date .
They are also seeking a declaration from the court that the Ad Fund should be used only to advertise and promote franchised Tim Hortons restaurants and offerings to generate revenue at the Canadian franchisees ' level , and for marketing activities of Tim Hortons franchisees located in Canada .
The statement of claim alleges that problems for the franchisees of the storied coffee and doughnut firm began in late 2014 when TDL , the franchisor of Tim Hortons , came under the ownership of Restaurant Brands .
“ Since the acquisition of TDL , RBI has used various strategies to extract more money out of the Tim Hortons franchise system at the expense of franchisees . One such strategy has been to use the Ad Fund in ways in which the fund had never historically been used or permitted , ” the lawsuit claims .
“ Contrary to the franchise agreement between TDL … and the plaintiff and the proposed class members … RBI has funneled this money to itself , TDL and the individual defendants at the wrongful expense of the franchisees . ”
Among the claims , the plaintiffs are seeking damages for breach of contract in the amount of $ 500 million from TDL Group Corp .
In a statement , Tim Hortons said the legal action is “ very disappointing ” for the company , whose focus remains on protecting and enhancing its brand .
“ We vehemently disagree with and deny all the allegations that have been made about our business and the brand , ” the statement said .
Sami Siddiqui , Canada Brand President for Tim Hortons , sent a note to Canadian franchisees in which he added to the company 's statement , calling the public accusations “ unfortunate. ” Siddiqui said the company has offered to let any owner “ come in and review the numbers with us , line by line , as we have done in the past . ”
A group of Tim Hortons franchisees lost an earlier legal battle against the iconic Canadian coffee company when a proposed $ 2 billion class-action lawsuit over the price of doughnuts was thrown out by an Ontario Superior Court judge in 2012 . That suit followed a controversial switch from fresh-baked doughnuts in each store to a system of flash-freezing par-baked treats in a centralized plant to be re-heated in stores .
bshecter @ postmedia.com
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was a worldwide smash hit , and fast became a cultural phenomenon — and now it 's coming to St George 's Square .
Disney 's Frozen will be screened at the Festival of Light on Saturday at 2.45pm , with lyrics shown on screen so the audience can sing-along .
With memorable music including Do You Want To Build A Snowman , Love Is An Open Door and the unforgettable Let It Go , the animated musical is sure to enthrall visitors to this weekend 's festival .
The film will be screened in St George 's Square — seating is not provided .
Are you ready to sing along to Frozen ? Test your knowledge of the film 's lyrics with our quiz !
This year 's Festival of Light will also feature a firework display accompanied by Hade Edge Band , a live performance from Huddersfield rockers Stems , and a headline set by DJ Yoda .
For more information about this year 's festival , visit our dedicated page .
For a taste of what 's in store , check out these pictures from last year 's Festival of Light :
I have written extensively on why : 1 ) we should use technology to defeat death ; 2 ) death is one of the greatest tragedies to befall us ; and 3 ) death makes completely meaningful lives impossible . In my recent post I summarized Nick Bostrom 's story that makes similar points . In response I received this perceptive comment :
Love that story . Given that we now see death as a result of genetic programming . Literally , programmed cell death . You could tell a similar story but have everyone born with a ticking time bomb strapped to them . same point but more accurate . People of the religious or “ death gives life meaning ” crowd would be arguing against disarming this bomb .
The “ ticking time bomb ” conveys the sense in which death is always with us , not merely at the end of the road like the dragon-tyrant . In Bostrom 's image you stand in line awaiting your fate—which is bad enough—but strapped to a ticking time bomb you can blow up anytime , which is a more accurate description of our situation . Death is always near .
The deathists—the lovers of death—do n't disarm the bomb because its detonation transports you to a better address—from a slum to a mansion . Even better , in the mansion your mind and body are eternally bathed in a salve of peace , love , and joy . That is the justification for opposing the bomb 's removal .
The problem is this story is fictional . And we know that most people agree because , as I 've said many times in my blog and books , when humans conquer death , slay the dragon-tyrant , and learn to remove the bomb—they will . And those who have the option to live forever will be eternally grateful that they have the real thing , instead of the empty promises they now pay for each Sunday in church .
Consciousness has come a long way from its beginnings in a primordial soup … but there is so much farther to go . Let 's put our childhood behind us , and make something of ourselves .
I say no man has ever yet been half devout enough ;
None has ever yet adored or worship 'd half enough ;
None has begun to think how divine he himself is ,
And how certain the future is .
O strain , musical , flowing through the ages—now reaching hither !
I take to your reckless and composite chords—I add to them ,
And cheerfully pass them forward .
~ Walt Whitman
# # #
John G. Messerly , Ph.D taught for many years in both the philosophy and computer science departments at the University of Texas at Austin . His most recent book is The Meaning of Life : Religious , Philosophical , Scientific , and Transhumanist Perspectives . He blogs daily on issues of futurism and the meaning of life at reasonandmeaning.com
As Florida State opens spring practice , a familiar face is once again around Doak S. Campbell Stadium .
Dameyune Craig , who was on FSU 's staff from 2010 to 2012 as quarterbacks coach and recruiting coordinator , has returned to the Garnet and Gold as an off-field analyst .
`` Knows the system , knows what I like , knows what I like in recruiting , '' FSU coach Jimbo Fisher said . `` Seeing film , watching things . Another set of eyes of how I like to do things . Growing up in the system his whole life . It was huge getting him back . ... He had options to do a lot of things . It was something he wanted to do . I was happy to get him back . He wanted to come . ''
Craig most recently was at LSU as wide receivers coach during the 2016 season . Prior to that he spent three seasons at Auburn as co-offensive coordinator and wide receivers coach .
( Get FSU news sent directly to your inbox ! Click for FREE FSU newsletter ! )
( Unbelievable offer ! Get a 7-day free trial with monthly or annual subscriptions )
According to a report from Les Bowen of the Daily News , Eagles cornerback Ron Brooks suffered a ruptured quadriceps tendon which will require surgery to repair .
Bowen writes that the injury could mean a changed roster for the Eagles :
A source close to the situation said Brooks will require surgery and is unlikely to be completely healthy again until next July 's training camp . That means he will go on injured reserve and the team will have a roster spot to fill .
It sounds like Brooks is out for the rest of the season , which is a blow to a team already lacking in cornerback depth and talent .
The Eagles could theoretically sign a cornerback to take advantage of that open roster spot , although they already have rookie corner C.J . Smith on the 53-man roster .
According to Geoff Mosher of 97.5 the Fanatic , the Eagles are going to bring in offseason darling Aaron Grymes for a workout today .
Remember CB Aaron Grymes , a preseason darling who was waived after a shoulder injury ? Source says he 'll be at NovaCare tmrw for a physical . — Geoff Mosher ( @ GeoffMosherNFL ) October 24 , 2016
Workouts do n't always mean signings , but the fact that the Eagles moved this swiftly to bring Grymes in after the injury , and the fact that the roster spot will likely be open pretty soon , means it 's at least worth noting his workout and keeping an eye open .
The start of the D.C. practice Parkrun at Fletcher 's Cove . The inaugural Parkrun in the District begins Jan. 9 . ( Courtesy of Palmore Clarke )
In 2004 , Paul Sinton-Hewitt invited his friends to join him on a 5K run through a park in a London suburb .
The run was a way for Sinton-Hewitt to get through what he called a “ series of unfortunate events ” : a job loss , a relationship breakdown , an injury . That gathering inspired Parkrun , which aims to bring people together .
At first , it comprised Sinton-Hewitt 's immediate circle of active friends . But Parkrun has now evolved into a worldwide movement , taking place in 11 countries , with 2 million registered runners and about 125,000 runners and 10,000 volunteers participating per week .
“ When I started it , it was strictly about the running . But now I realize this is about rebuilding society , rebuilding communities . I never claimed to create anything , but I wanted to enhance connections , ” Sinton-Hewitt said .
Parkrun officials want to bring more such events to the United States , including one in the District , which holds its first run Jan. 9 .
Parkrun is a weekly , timed 5K event . Participants register once , enabling them to run at any Parkun in the world . The goal : Do your best and have fun . It 's not a race with medals and celebratory drinks ( other than perhaps a post-Parkrun coffee ) . And Parkrun is always free . The emphasis is on allowing anyone to participate .
The key is to “ tap into that source of motivation for people ” who might otherwise have a hard time sticking to a fitness routine , said Henry Wigglesworth , director of the D.C. Parkrun . “ We make it so it 's low-key : no barriers , no entry fee , no real planning needed . Just show up . ”
Parkrun events have grown organically throughout the United Kingdom and nine other countries , but the organization wants to make a strategic effort to expand the runs in the United States . Currently , Parkruns are held in Michigan , Florida , North Carolina and California .
Max Metcalfe , the organizer of the Crissy Field Parkrun in San Francisco , said that about 25 runners have attended weekly since the Parkrun started in January and that he 's hopeful more Parkruns will pop up in the Bay Area .
Wigglesworth , a lawyer , took part in his first Parkrun while visiting friends in Nottingham , England , this summer . He was struck by the competitive yet friendly nature of the runners , who would encourage him as they were trying to run faster than he was .
“ I thought , ‘ Wow , this is really kind of different . ' The fact that the guy [ who beat me ] turned around and gave me encouragement in the middle of the race really struck me , ” Wigglesworth said .
Thinking Parkrun would be a good fit for the District , Wigglesworth contacted Sinton-Hewitt , who put him in touch with other Washington-area residents interested in starting such an event . With a grant from the Palisades Community Fund and a permit from the National Park Service , the group has organized the city 's first Parkrun at Fletcher 's Cove along the C & O Canal Towpath in Northwest .
To test the idea , the D.C. organizers held three time trials this fall . Wigglesworth said about 20 people showed up for the first time trial , an out-and-back course from Fletcher 's Boathouse , and 30 came for the next two trials . Participants in the last trial included D.C. Council member Mary M. Cheh ( D-Ward 3 ) .
Parkrun “ combines two really good things : It gets us out there and active and brings together people in a community that may not have met each other . I thought it was so wholesome and wonderful , ” Cheh said .
Julie Messina was in graduate school in Brighton , England , in 2009 when she heard about Parkrun . She said the first 5K was a rough go , but she got better and was hooked .
“ I very quickly saw the importance of Parkrun and what it can do for individuals and communities , ” Messina said . “ My husband and I were talking about moving back to the States , and I realized I was n't willing to let Parkrun disappear from my life . ”
Messina and her husband , a native Yorkshireman , began the Durham , N.C. , Parkrun in the summer of 2013 . Her goal is to help fellow runners get to know one another and to gain confidence , just as she gained at the Brighton Parkrun .
“ I wanted to be able to reach those runners who are less confident and give them a free and accessible way to try out what feels like a race but really is n't a race , ” Messina said . “ It gives them that whole timed experience and helps them to develop in their confidence as a runner , because I know how much it meant to me , and I wanted to be able to do that for everyone else . ”
Metcalfe said about 90 percent of the runners at the San Francisco Parkrun have been non-Americans who participated in the event in their home country . This is seen as what organizers call “ Parkrun tourism , ” in which Parkrunners on vacation or living in another country travel to a Parkrun . Wigglesworth said a British expatriate traveled from Martinsburg , W.Va. , to the District for the third practice run — and had the fastest time .
“ It makes our local runners realize they 're part of a much bigger movement that 's happening the world over , ” Messina said . “ At first , they thought it was weird . Now , [ they see ] this event is well loved all over the world , and we 're pretty lucky to have it here . ”
Sinton-Hewitt views a successful Parkrun as having one runner and one volunteer show up . Still , he thinks growth in the United States is important to Parkrun 's continued success .
“ The future is dependent on us getting the U.S. right , ” Sinton-Hewitt said .
To that end , Parkrun organizers aim to have 350 Parkruns in California within three years . Wigglesworth and Cheh say they are hoping the Fletcher 's Cove Parkrun will branch off into more D.C. Parkruns , and officials are hoping to expand into Baltimore and eventually other cities along the East Coast .
Sinton-Hewitt , who last year was made a commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II for creating Parkrun , is pleased with the organization 's legacy . It 's still a run in the local park , but he sees it as more .
“ We 're fundamentally changing people 's lives . ”
Twitter : @ mjmplunkett
The Fletcher 's Cove Parkrun begins Jan. 9 and will run every Saturday at 9 a.m. For more information , go to parkrun.us/fletcherscove . To find another Parkrun , go to parkrun.com .
An open letter to Katherine Maher
When are you going to do something about the abusive culture on Wikipedia ?
Greetings Katherine ,
I 'm just wondering when you are finally going to step up and do something about the abusive culture on Wikipedia that drives away editors . It 's such an oppressive environment even this discussion will likely be reverted as trolling just for asking the question or at best completely ignored by you because it does n't deal with pandering donation dollars .
It 's no secret that the editing community is suffering…largely at the hands of abusive admins , the WMF has gotten grant money specifically to deal with the abusiveness but refuses to admit that much of the abuse is due to out of control admins and people in the WMF that could and should be doing something about it like James Alexander .
Rather than deal with the problem admins and editors he bans the whistleblowers and advocates a culture of abuse and bullying . He really needs to go ! He does n't care about the community or the project as long as the culture gives him control and anyone who believes him when he says he does is kidding themselves .
It 's really a shame how far own Wikipedia has sunk , it used to be a great project and an inclusive and positive environment , now even the most active WikiProjects are shadows of what they once were , editors do n't even want to be admins and the admins on the site do whatever they want with impunity . You need to step up and act . Active and dedicated editors are being bullied out of Wikipedia and other WMF projects just for trying to change and improve the abusive culture by admins who want to keep it the way it is and as the Executive Director the fault is yours and only leadership from the top will fix it .
Advertisements
September 7 , 2012 2:00 PM | John Polson
McPixel has just become the first game promoted on `` The Promo Bay , '' a periodical event in which torrent site The Pirate Bay promotes independent artists . While historically developers have embraced piracy as a way to appeal to fans , it appears now piracy has embraced a developer .
The deal went down while Sos was heading up an IAmA thread on Reddit . Before this , Sos had left some promo codes in the comment section of the game 's torrent on The Pirate Bay , which had ultimately caught the attention of the site administrators . They then contacted Sos to arrange this promotion .
For the next three days , visitors to The Pirate Bay can click on the pissing protagonist , which links to the game 's homepage that is running a pay-what-you-can deal .
Sos told IndieGames that over 100 units have sold since the promo has started . The average per purchase now is $ 1.34 . While this is much lower than the game 's retail price of $ 9.99 , this figure probably encompasses 100 people who would n't have seen , played , or paid for the game otherwise .
I suppose this makes McPixel a temporary freeware game pick . However , I do n't want to point to the torrent , mostly because it 's worth taking in McPixel on The Pirate Bay home page .
Ever heard of the Wavit remote ? It 's totally okay if you have n't ; that 's not what this story is about . The Wavit Remote 's makers on the other hand… Well , they 've decided to up and sue Nintendo over the Wii . Not only that , but they 've included other retailers and manufacturers — including WalMart — in the complaint as well . And they 've chosen the setting most likely to yield a win : the U.S. District Court of the Eastern District of Texas .
Now , that 's not to say that Wavit makers ThinkOptical will get a win , but this particular court circuit tends to favor the patent holder over all else .
The patent in question , U.S. Patent Number 7,796,116 , is titled “ Electronic equipment for handheld vision based absolute pointing system. ” ThinkOptic 's primary argument in the case is that Nintendo had previous knowledge that the Wii would infringe based on the Trademark Office 's rejection of certain claims in Nintendo-filed patents , reports Law360 .
“ The rejection of [ … ] applications — assigned to Nintendo Co. Ltd. — based on the '116 patent is proof that the Nintendo defendants knew or should have known of the objective risk that one or more of their products infringed at least one claim of at least the '116 Patent , ” said ThinkOptic in its complaint .
ThinkOptic included two other patents in the case , as well — one called “ Handheld Device for Handheld Vision Based Absolute Pointing System ” ( 7,852,317 ) and the other titled “ Handheld Vision Based Absolute Pointing System ” ( 7,864,159 ) . These two , coupled with the ‘ 116 patent make up the basis for the Wavit Remote .
According to ThinkOptic , just about every part of the Wii infringes these patents in some capacity . That includes the gaming system as a whole , Wii controllers , the sensor bars , and even the games . ThinkOptic also gave Nintendo , and the court , a heads-up on the Wii U : apparently that , too , infringes on ThinkOptic 's patents .
Other big names listed as respondents in the suit include Imation , Nyko Technologies , GameStop , RadioShack , and JC Penney . ThinkOptic is asking for an injunction against violating products , as well as royalties , attorney 's fees , and damages for lost profits . As of now , all we know moving forward is that a jury trial has been requested .
If anyone in the world has experience with marijuana legalization , it 's the Dutch . For nearly 40 years , the limited sale and use of the plant has been effectively legalized — so-called `` coffee shops '' are allowed to stock and sell small quantities of cannabis to adult buyers .
With four decades of experience to draw from you might assume that the Dutch have some opinions on marijuana legalization that we might learn from . And as it turns out , they do : A survey conducted this past summer found that 70 percent of Netherlands residents support broadening the country 's marijuana laws to loosen restrictions on the cultivation of marijuana .
This comports with other surveys in the past few years showing :
65 percent of Dutch residents favor completely legalizing the production , sale and consumption of cannabis .
61 percent of the Dutch say that limiting `` coffee shop '' marijuana sales to Netherlands residents only would be a bad idea .
57 percent of the Dutch think that allowing the cultivation of up to five cannabis plants for personal use would not be a problem .
These responses were recently compiled and translated by the Transnational Institute , an international nongovernmental organization working on various policy issues . And they 're useful to have , because the Netherlands so frequently becomes a political football in ongoing debates over legalization in this country .
Legalization opponents , for instance , point out that in recent years some Dutch municipalities have begun tightening their restrictions on marijuana sales , citing the nuisances brought by tourists seeking legal weed . Proponents of legalization , meanwhile , point to decades of data on marijuana use in the Netherlands showing that the Dutch use pot less often than some of their neighbors , that they 're less likely to use marijuana heavily , and that there do n't appear to be any indications that legal marijuana is a `` gateway '' to harder drugs .
The Dutch , of course , have been practicing this sort of drug policy for decades now . Their approach to marijuana falls somewhere between the strict prohibition enforced in most U.S. states , and the full-scale commercial legalization now under consideration in some others . So there are limits to how much you can extrapolate from the Dutch marijuana experience to the American one .
Still , the surveys of Netherlands residents provide a useful barometer of how the public there perceives the success of their marijuana regime . And the data appear to indicate that the public is not only opposed to tighter marijuana laws but would go even further in loosening the current restrictions on the production , sale and use of pot .
When it comes to federal drug policy in the United States , and of updating federal drug laws to allow states more leeway in setting their own , many mainstream politicians have adopted a stance of `` wait and see . '' Hillary Rodham Clinton has repeatedly said she wants to see how things turn out in states like Colorado before changing federal law . On the Republican side , Donald Trump has said similar things .
Waiting for more data to come in may well be prudent . But at the same time , we have to grapple with the continuing negative impacts of current laws — hundreds of thousands of arrests , racial disparities , suppression of research into medical uses , and the loss of considerable tax revenue that legal marijuana could bring in . Four decades of experience in the Netherlands suggest we may not be getting the balance quite right .
I THINK THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED AGAINST THE 'LITTLE GUY ! ' DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE JUST ROBBED BANK OF AMERICA INNOCENT SHAREHOLDERS TO THE TUNE OF 17 BILLION and LET THE CULPRITS OFF THE HOOK ! | Gretawire
Sun , 24 Aug 2014 03:00
News breaking that Justice Department accepting 17 billion from Bank of America in exchange for not prosecuting anyone in connection with the sale of those mortgage backed securities before the national financial crisis .
'' ' .... accusations that it duped investors into buying troubled mortgage securities ' .... '' [ NYT ]
So ' ... the culprits get off the hook `` no charges , not even have to pay a dime .
So who pays the 17 billion ? the INNOCENT SHAREHOLDERS ! DOJ is supposed to PROTECT the American people , not rob them ! ! ! The shareholders had zero to do with any decisions about the sale of mortgage backed securities .
And worse ? you can bet the prosecutors over at the DOJ are high fiving each other like they have done a great thing for getting 17 billion for the US Treasury .
This is so messed up ' .... the culprits walk , and the innocents pay . Go figure .
The release of 91,000 classified military documents relating to Afghanistan by the organization known as WikiLeaks offers the opportunity for a controlled experiment in an analysis of media bias . This was a suggestion by the Nieman Journalism Lab immediately following the documents release . Three mainstream media organizations ( The New York Times , The Guardian , and Der Spiegel ) were given the same amount of time to analyze these documents prior to their public release on July 25th and all three published their accounts on the same day . Therefore , any emphasis or de-emphasis in how the material was presented can be used to test hypotheses about the mainstream media through a process known as content analysis . This involves both assessing the meaning of a given text and measuring how frequent a word or phrase shows up in a specific context .
The hypothesis I seek to test is that different levels of access to American officials influenced how media outlets framed their respective analyses . A first glance at the material presented in the two English-language sources , The New York Times and The Guardian newspapers , reveals dramatically different approaches that each took in reporting on these leaked documents . In The Times , for example , the first headline on their Afghanistan War Logs page reads , `` Pakistan Spy Service Aids Insurgents '' and three of their four featured reports on July 25th either emphasize the security and military implications of Pakistan 's involvement or focus on US military strategy in executing the war . The New York Times provided no article focusing on civilian casualties in the war and mention them only as small points in their summary of individual documents . In contrast , The Guardian offered two prominent articles detailing the thousands of civilians whose deaths were documented in these files -- not including those who died at the hands of Task Force 373 , the shadowy special forces unit engaged in assassination raids .
However , while a qualitative assessment is extremely useful , finding a way to measure media bias can be even more revealing . The word `` civilian '' in an active war zone is most often associated with casualties and would be expected to have the vast majority of uses in that context . I therefore counted every reference to civilian casualties that were mentioned in the featured articles in both newspapers -- four articles in The Times and five in The Guardian . Of the twenty times the word `` civilian '' is used in The Times only nine uses are in reference to casualties resulting from combat operations ( four of these are clustered in a single section midway down the page and two were at the hands of Afghan soldiers or police ) . The Guardian 's coverage used the word `` civilian '' 41 times in their primary coverage and 37 of these uses referred specifically to civilian casualties ( two cases occurred in each newspaper concerning hypothetical casualties and these have not been included ) . The difference between The Times and The Guardian is dramatic and represents a ratio of 2:1 .
This means that either The Guardian overemphasized civilian casualties because they are biased against coalition troops or that The New York Times sought to underemphasize these same casualties because of their political leanings . Both newspapers have taken editorial stances critical of the war and , in the case of The Guardian , eleven of their thirty-seven references to civilian casualties were found in their article analyzing the deaths that resulted from Taliban IEDs . This would n't suggest that The Guardian has a clear bias against coalition troops . Furthermore , the fact that bothWikileaks founder Julian Assange and the office of Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai have stated that the most significant revelations in these documents concern the scale of civilian casualties , the lack of reporting on this issue from The Times would appear to be a glaring omission in the paper of record .
The clear implication is that The New York Times , whether intentionally or unintentionally , avoided what these leaked documents reveal about the impact on Afghan civilians in the conduct of this war . The disparity in reporting is even more dramatic when shown as a percentage of the overall word count . The Times published just over 11,100 words in their four featured articles , while The Guardian had 6,600 words in five articles . When the reporting on civilian casualties is compared after taking into account the overall word count the results could n't be more clear . The New York Time 's analysis focused seven times less attention on the civilian cost of the war than did The Guardian 's .
However , the scale of civilian deaths is much higher than either The Times or The Guardian newspapers indicated . In The Guardian 's article entitled `` Logs Reveal Grim Toll on Civilians '' they state that the documents show `` 144 entries in the logs recording ... hundreds of casualties . '' However , this was only in the so-called `` blue on white '' events ( those cases where US and NATO forces acknowledged firing on civilians ) . Further analysis of the data show that these are only a small percentage of the overall impact on the Afghan population . In the category labeled High Severity there are 1,539 pages including 50 military reports on each page . A search for CIV KIA ( military code for civilians killed in action ) among the first 5,000 reports brings a total of 796 hits . In other words , an average of one in six reports contains evidence of a civilian death , and most involve more than one .
While many of the civilian deaths analyzed in the High Severity section involve the explosion of IEDs set by the Taliban and other rebel groups , others are the direct result of American combat operations . In one example from 2007 , eight civilians were killed and four were injured when American forces returned fire after reportedly being attacked with an RPG in Kandahar province . In another report from 2009 , seven civilians were killed and one was wounded in a rural village near Nad-E'ali when American troops engaged and killed four alleged militants ( though the report says that these enemy deaths were unconfirmed ) . Both of these reports are listed under the classification Enemy Action , but from the details provided it 's impossible to know who was ultimately responsible for the civilian deaths . By emphasizing only the known cases of coalition troops killing civilians The Guardian was actually underreporting the real impact .
What the WikiLeaks material reveals most clearly is the devastating toll this war has had on Afghan civilians . That The New York Times chose not to emphasize this fact suggests a political motive to avoid discussing the human impact of the war . This is consistent with the hypothesis that a close association between journalists and American political , economic , and military officials would influence reporters in the direction of those same officials . We would expect the same if The Guardian were reporting on an issue central to English politics . Relationships form between journalists and political officials over time and the desire for access can result in a breakdown between an otherwise antagonistic press and representatives of political power . When this occurs compromises are made in order to maintain the same level of access . This hypothesis is supported by a second comparison of the word `` official . '' The Times contains 44 mentions of the word , with 27 referring to American or Afghan government officers ( and a further 8 referencing Pakistani officials ) . The Guardian uses the word 8 times and only 4 in reference to American or Afghan representatives , as would be expected for England 's more limited role in the conflict .
FBI Director James Comey waits before testifying at a House Intelligence Committee hearing into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election , on Capitol Hill . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - FBI Director James Comey on Monday confirmed the agency was investigating possible Russian government efforts to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election including any links between President Donald Trump 's campaign and Moscow .
Comey told a congressional hearing on Russian activities that the probe “ includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia 's efforts . ”
“ Because it is an open , ongoing investigation and is classified , I can not say more about what we are doing and whose conduct we are examining , ” Comey said .
Patrick Mcdermott/Getty Images
In the sixth inning of the first game of the Subway Series , and with the Yankee Stadium crowd beginning to wonder whether Hiroki Kuroda could make a second consecutive New York Friday memorable , Omar Quintanilla knocked a 93-mile-per-hour sinker to left field . Quintanilla 's double was notable for being the Mets ' first hit all evening .
Yet the hit also continued an unlikely string of production for an unlikely starting shortstop . In 10 games this season before a start Saturday against the Yankees , Quintanilla was batting .321 with a .457 on-base percentage . Four of his nine hits had been doubles , which is as many as he hit in all but one of the previous six seasons in which the 30-year-old Quintanilla has logged major league service time .
“ There 's been times where I 've played a certain amount of time and I 've been able to hit the ball , ” Quintanilla said . “ But when it comes to pinch-hitting and all that , it gets a little tough for me . ”
Entering Saturday 's game , Quintanilla had started 10 games since his May 29 promotion from Class AAA Buffalo . It took an infielder-laden disabled list to earn his opportunity , although there was actually a design to Quintanilla 's even becoming an option for Manager Terry Collins to write in the batting order .
Quintanilla spent 2011 with the Texas Rangers , whose deep middle infield left few opportunities . At the beginning of the off-season , Quintanilla discussed the depth charts of different franchises throughout baseball with his agent . The Mets watched Jose Reyes sign with Miami on Dec. 7 and were turning over the position to Ruben Tejada . On Jan. 3 , Quintanilla signed a minor league deal with the Mets to provide depth at a position that had few established options .
And , in two months , the Mets have exhausted that depth . Quintanilla is the team 's sixth shortstop of the season after Tejada , Ronny Cedeno , Jordany Valdespin , Justin Turner and David Wright ( an emergency fill-in ) . Tejada , Cedeno and Turner are on the disabled list , Valdespin remains raw defensively and Wright , of course , is the starting third baseman .
Reyes , a four-time All-Star and the 2011 National League batting champion , has started all but one game for the Marlins . At this point , Collins will be pleased if Quintanilla even brings a bat to the ballpark .
“ At his spot , if he hits , that 's a plus , ” Collins said . “ I want him to catch the baseball behind that pitching staff and make the routine play . ”
In Collins 's repeated conversations with Wally Backman , the manager of the Mets ' Class AAA team in Buffalo , Backman told Collins , “ If you need a defensive shortstop , we got one. ” Collins referred to a recent victory over the Washington Nationals in which Quintanilla 's glove was pivotal for the victory .
“ I 'm not sure if a guy like himself is not at shortstop that we do n't win that game , ” Collins said . “ That 's what we need out of him , to make those plays . ”
Quintanilla — and the Mets , for that matter — had a brief worry when he sustained a small fracture in his left index finger last week . Collins waited until the final hour to submit a lineup for Thursday 's game against the Nationals because of concern about whether Quintanilla could play . Quintanilla was concerned , too .
An absence of any duration could complicate his standing on the roster . If he had a more secure job or the Mets had more options , such an injury might garner at least one day off . Quintanilla is enduring a stinging sensation when he catches the ball because the alternative is someone else playing in his spot .
“ When you get an opportunity like this and you get an injury , you want to keep playing , ” Quintanilla said . “ For me , I 've been playing through this the past couple days , and I can handle this . ”
In 2010 , Major League Baseball suspended Quintanilla 50 games for testing positive for a performance-enhancing substance . It was the low point of his career , and he continues to maintain his innocence , saying he took a supplement from G.N.C . that he did not know anything about . Since then , he has been trying to find a consistent spot in the majors . Now that he has a temporary one , he is determined to maximize the opportunity .
Quintanilla does not know how long it will long it will last — Cedeno and Turner could soon return , and Tejada will most likely return in a few weeks — but playing every day at least provides a chance that has eluded him through much of his career .
“ It is about trying to prove and open eyes and show people you can help a team win , ” Quintanilla said . “ It 's in the back of your mind that you could be demoted and go back down . So you try to clear all that away and go play ball . ”
Throughout the past eight , President Barack Obama 's tenure has become synonymous with many historic “ firsts ” : the first black president , the first president to visit Cuba in 88 years , the first president on Twitter .
Hello , Twitter ! It 's Barack . Really ! Six years in , they 're finally giving me my own account . — President Obama ( @ POTUS ) May 18 , 2015
Now , he 'll also reign as the first sitting president to guest edit a magazine . The technology news magazine WIRED has invited the 44th president to take on an active role in its upcoming October issue dedicated to “ frontiers , ” an umbrella theme that 'll be used to describe the obstacles facing humanity . This , according to WIRED , will encompass everything from personal frontiers to national frontiers -- think civil rights -- and international ones , like climate change and cybersecurity .
“ We want to wrestle with the idea of how today 's technology can influence political leadership , ” editor-in-chief Scott Dadich said . “ And who better to help us explore these ideas than President Obama ? ”
President Obama is n't the first famous guest editor of the tech magazine . WIRED has welcomed several high profile guest editors in the past : J.J. Abrams on magic , mysteries and puzzles ; Bill Gates on solving the world 's biggest problems ; Christopher Nolan on space , time , and multiple dimensions ; and Serena Williams on equality in the digital age .
Obama commemorates 100 years of the National Park Service
And , this is just one of many recent stints where President Obama has delved into modern pop culture . To celebrate the centennial anniversary of the National Park Service , President Obama narrated a ten-minute virtual reality film . In June , Buzzfeed featured the commander in chief in the spoof video “ 5 things that are harder than registering to vote . ”
In conjunction with the guest edit , the White House announced a Frontiers conference , which President Obama will host at the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University on October 13 .
Digital copies of the magazine are expected to hit select newsstands October 18 . The issue will make a nationwide appearance on October 25 .
The hidebehind is a nocturnal [ 1 ] fearsome critter from American folklore that preys upon humans that wander the woods , [ 2 ] and was blamed for the disappearances of early loggers when they failed to return to camp . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] As its name suggests , the hidebehind is noted for its ability to conceal itself . When an observer attempts to look directly at it , the creature hides again behind an object or the observer and therefore ca n't be directly seen : a feat it accomplishes by sucking in its stomach to a point where it is so slender that it can easily cover itself behind the trunk of any tree . [ 5 ] The hidebehind uses this ability to stalk human prey without being observed and to attack without warning . Their victims , including lumberjacks who frequent the forests , are dragged back to the creature 's lair to be devoured . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] The creature subsists chiefly upon the intestines of its victim , and has a severe aversion to alcohol , which is considered a sufficient repellent . [ 6 ] Tales of the hidebehind may have helped explain strange noises in the forest at night . Early accounts describe hidebehinds as large , powerful animals , despite the fact that no one was able to see them . [ 7 ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The hidebehind has been featured and referenced in popular culture including games , novels , stories , and television .
The hidebehind appeared in the Gravity Falls short `` Dipper 's Guide to the Unexplained : The Hide Behind '' . [ 12 ]
Story highlights A growing group in the GOP want to make sure Roy Moore stays out of the Senate
Leading Republicans want Sessions to be a write-in candidate in the Alabama race
Sessions could face legal dilemmas thanks to GOP members voicing support
Washington ( CNN ) A growing group of Republicans want Attorney General Jeff Sessions to be the party 's choice in the Alabama Senate race , but ethics experts say Sessions either would have to leave the Department of Justice or continually disavow campaigns to put him in the seat if he wants to run for the office and avoid legal trouble .
This week Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas both said they would support Sessions as a write-in candidate over Republican candidate Roy Moore , who has been accused of pursuing sexual relationships with teenagers when he was in his 30s .
Moore denies the allegations , and says he has no plans leave the race . And Sessions has not indicated that he 's planning to run for his old seat .
But ethics experts say that even if Sessions does not himself campaign to be a write-in candidate in the race , he could have an `` affirmative duty '' to disavow campaigns to put him in the Senate while he 's still the attorney general . If he remains silent , he could be in violation of the Hatch Act , a 1939 law restricting the ability of most federal employees to engage in political campaign activities .
Read More
'' I think the whole subject is fascinating , '' said Dr. Erich Lehmann , a statistician at the University of California at Berkeley . Although it can be a difficult statistical problem to decide just how unlikely an event is , Dr. Lehmann said , there is no dispute about the validity of the findings of Dr. Diaconis and Dr. Mosteller , some of which have been discussed at statistical meetings in recent years .
The two Harvard statisticians reviewed a large body of calculations and analyses of coincidences performed by other researchers , and they devised new techniques and approaches for studying the phenomenon in a wide range of circumstances . The research results , Dr. Diaconis said , `` are aimed at very basic problems of inference that arise in messy , real statistical problems . ''
Dr. Bradley Efron , a statistician at Stanford University , said coincidences arise `` all the time '' in statistical work . When researchers find clusters of odd cancers or birth defects or other diseases , statisticians are asked `` to decide which events are the luck of the draw '' and which may reflect some underlying cause , Dr. Efron said . '' That 's what Persi and Fred are trying to unravel , '' he added . '' I think it 's a very interesting enterprise . ''
Dr. Diaconis said one application of the new analyses is in scrutinizing data from clinical trials of new drugs . '' As you are looking around in that mass of data , '' he said , `` you find that in a certain subgroup , there are twice as many deaths in people taking drug A as there are in people taking drug B . '' Is it a coincidence or an indication that drug A is so dangerous to some patients that the trial must be stopped ?
Dr. Diaconis and Dr. Mosteller said they decided to study coincidences because they were fascinated by the role these odd events play in everyone 's lives . '' All of us feel that our lives are driven by coincidences , '' Dr. Diaconis said . '' Who we live with and where we work , why we do the things we do often rest on slim coincidences . '' These chance events `` touch us very deeply , '' he said . The two statisticians defined a coincidence as `` a surprising concurrence of events , perceived as meaningfully related , with no apparent causal connection . ''
Dr. Diaconis and Dr. Mosteller began with the presumption that there are no extraordinary forces outside the realm of science that are acting to produce coincidences . But they also recognized that seeming coincidences are an important source of insight in science and so should not be dismissed out of hand . What looks like a coincidence may in fact have a hidden cause , which can lead to a new understanding of a phenomenon . A sequence of odd blips on a chart , a clustering of cases of a rare disease can tell researchers that a new event is occurring .
Anthologies of Happenstance
A decade ago , Dr. Diaconis and Dr. Mosteller started asking their colleagues , friends and friends of friends to send them examples of surprising coincidences . The collection quickly mushroomed . Dr. Mosteller said he had 13 notebooks , each three and a half inches thick , full of coincidences . '' These notebooks are eating up the shelves in my den , '' he said . Dr. Diaconis said he had 200 file folders full of coincidences .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When they began to study these coincidences , they learned that they fell into a several distinct group . Some coincidences have hidden causes and are thus not really coincidences at all . Others arise from psychological factors , like selective memory or sensitivities , that make people think particular events are unusual whether they are or not . But many coincidences are simply chance events that turn out to be far more likely statistically than most people imagine . The analyses often required the researchers to develop new statistical methods , but in the end almost all coincidences could be analyzed .
The law of truly large numbers , which explains the double winner of the New Jersey Lottery , says that even if there is only a one-in-a-million chance that something will happen , it will happen eventually given enough time or enough people . '' It 's the blade-of-grass paradox , '' Dr. Diaconis said . '' Suppose I 'm standing in a large field and I put my finger on a blade of grass . The chance that I would choose that particular blade may be one in a million . But it is certain that I will choose a blade . '' So if something happens to only one in a million people per day and the population of the United States is 250 million , `` you expect 250 amazing coincidences every day . ''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
'' If a one-in-a-million thing happens to you , you start telling people about it , '' Dr. Diaconis went on . '' You might say to me , 'So what do you think of that , wise guy ? ' And I say , 'It 's an example of the law of truly large numbers . ' ''
Right Answer , Wrong Question
When a New Jersey woman won the lottery twice in a four-month period , it was reported as a one-in-17-trillion long shot . Narrowly speaking , that is correct . But as Dr. Diaconis and Dr. Mosteller reported , one in 17 trillion is the odds that a given person who buys a single ticket for exactly two New Jersey lotteries will win both times . The true question , they say , is , `` What is the chance that some person , out of all the millions and millions of people who buy lottery tickets in the United States , hits a lottery twice in a lifetime ? ''
That event was called `` practically a sure thing '' by Dr. Stephen Samuels and Dr. George McCabe , two statisticians at Purdue University . Over a seven-year period , they concluded , the odds are better than even that there will be a double lottery winner somewhere in the United States . Even over a four-month period , the odds of a double winner somewhere in the country are better than one in 30 .
Another principle that demystifies many coincidences is what the researchers call `` multiple end points '' - occasions when what might qualify as a coincidence is not spelled out ahead of time , and when many chance events would qualify . This could apply , for example , at a party , where two people might discover that they come from the same town . This may seem a surprising coincidence . But the truth is that almost anything two strangers have in common would count as a coincidence - the same first or last name , the same birthday , the same item of clothing .
'' Clearly , the chances of getting a match in any of several things is bigger than if you look at just one thing , '' Dr. Diaconis said . He and Dr. Mosteller have developed a formula that can evaluate such problems .
Multiple end-point coincidences often sound amazing on the surface . For example , Dr. Diaconis said , `` I had a friend who said , 'Gee , I was watching a James Bond movie and there was a four-digit code on a bomb that was exactly the same as the code on my Israeli bank account . ' '' It sounded extraordinary , since there are 10,000 possible four-digit numbers . But Dr. Diaconis went on : `` If you know 120 numbers - Social Security numbers , bank codes , telephone numbers of friends - there are even odds that four digits of two of them will match , '' he said .
A third category of coincidences is those that are close but not exact . The odds of a coincidence then go up enormously . Once again , the two Harvard statisticians have developed a formula to analyze these problems .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Birthdays and Near Birthdays
For example , with 23 people in a room , the chances are even that two of them will have the same birthday . But with only 14 , there is an even chance of finding two people born within a day of each other , and if you ask instead that the birthdays match within a week , you need only seven people .
'' I have a friend who said , 'My daughter , myself , and my husband all have a birthday on the 11th of a month , ' `` Dr. Diaconis recalled . '' O.K. , there are 30 categories , 30 days of the month . How many birthdays do we have to know so that three are on the same day of the month ? '' The answer , he calculated , is 18 . '' So if you know 18 people , it 's even odds that three will be born on the same day of the month , '' he explained . So the friend 's birthday coincidence , he said , `` is not so unusual . ''
By analyzing coincidences with these three principles in mind , Dr. Diaconis and Dr. Mosteller find that what looks unexpected usually turns out to be expected . No strange forces outside the realm of science are needed to explain coincidences .
'' Why does an educated person think there might really be something in coincidences ? '' Dr. Diaconis asked , and answered his own question : `` No one story holds up on its own . But taken together , they mean something . '' If you put all these near coincidences together , does n't it indicate that something strange is going on ?
It does not , Dr. Diaconis replied , and quoted another fundamental law of logic : `` A lot of flawed arguments do n't produce a sound conclusion . ''
They always say that when it seems too good to be true , then it must . Anyway , that seems to fit in with yesterdays news rumor in regards to the new Sense user interface coming to existing Android phones .
Sure , HTC CEO Peter Chou did state that the “ HTC sense will be available on some other existing devices , ” however what we did not realize yesterday was that by “ other existing devices ” he really meant non-Google branded Android devices .
Sadly that means the G1 , as well as the soon-to-be released myTouch 3G will not be getting any Sense . That said , it also seems like it will just be a matter of time before the UI is made available through unofficial channels .
Additionally , and perhaps the reason for the Sense user interface not coming to Google-branded Android phones is due to the over-the-air updates . It seems that HTC will not be offering any over-the-air updates for the Sense UI .
Of course , the official reason is due to licensing terms when it comes to a Microsoft Exchange client .
[ via Mobile Burn ]
Courtesy of John Mauldin 's mid-week Outside The Box newsletter , Eric Sprott touches on one of the lesser-discussed aspect of the Greece crisis , namely its effects on the country 's banks .
What 's interesting is that in the standard formulation -- the one that 's gained currency thanks to Ken Rogoff -- it 's sovereign debt crises that follow banking crisis ( which is what we 're experiencing right now ) .
Sprott brings it full circle .
Here 's part of it :
One aspect of the Greek situation that has been obscured by all the recent political wrangling is the crisis ' impact on the Greek banks . Although the banks were supposed to be rock solid after all the government-injected capital they received ( not to mention zero-percent interest rates and generous lending terms from the European Central Bank ) , data shows that Greek bank deposits have fallen 8.4 billion euros , or 3.6 percent , in two months since December 2009 . With no restraints on capital flows within the European Union , Greek savers are free to transfer their assets elsewhere . Given that bank deposit guarantees in Greece are the responsibility of the national government rather than the European Central Bank , we suspect Greek citizens are pulling money out of their banks because they question their government 's ability to honour its domestic deposit guarantees . We envision Greek depositors asking themselves how a government that ca n't raise enough money to stay solvent can then turn around and guarantee their bank deposits ? It 's a fair question to ask .
The Greek bank stocks have been thoroughly punished throughout the crisis . Chart A plot an index consisting of the four largest Greek bank stocks and shows an average decline of 47 % since November 2009 . The deposit withdrawals from these banks have been so damaging to their respective balance sheets ( remember bank leverage ? ) that the Greek banks have asked to borrow 17 billion euros left over from a 28 billion euro support programs launched in 2008.3 You see the connection here ? Greece experienced a financial crisis , followed by a sovereign crisis , followed by another financial crisis . There is no doubt that the Greek crisis has helped drive the gold spot price to its recent all-time high in euros . Gold is a prudent asset to own in times of crisis , and it 's possible that a portion of the Greek deposit withdrawals were reinvested into the precious metal . The fact remains , however , that if the Greek government can not stem the outflows of deposits soon , the EU will have no other choice but to undertake a real sovereign bailout with all its bells , whistles and arduous protocols .
Once again , the question is : Is Greece Europe 's Bear Stearns :
It 's a vicious spiral from financial crisis to sovereign debt crisis to banking crisis , and there is no reason it ca n't spread to other European countries suffering from similar fiscal imbalances . With Spain and Portugal next in line with their own sovereign debt issues , we can expect depositors in these countries to make similar runs to the bank for their cash . `` Guaranteed by Government '' is truly beginning to lose its potency in this environment . The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) seems to be preparing for such a scenario with its recent announcement of a tenfold increase in its emergency lending facility . The IMF 's New Arrangements to Borrow ( NAB ) facility is designed to prevent the `` impairment of the international monetary system or to deal with an exceptional situation that poses a threat to the stability of that system . '' The NAB facility has grown from US $ 50 billion to US $ 550 billion with the mere stroke of a pen . Does the IMF know something that the market does n't ?
A study released Monday afternoon by the Seismological Society of America confirms — again — that hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , activity associated with natural gas drilling in the Ohio portion of the Marcellus Shale induced a `` rare seismic sequence '' last March . Put more simply : Fracking caused an earthquake .
`` It remains rare for hydraulic fracturing to cause larger earthquakes that are felt by humans , '' the organization noted in a prepared statement . `` However , due to seismic monitoring advances and the increasing popularity of hydraulic fracturing to recover hydrocarbons , the number of earthquakes – felt and unfelt – associated with hydraulic fracturing has increased in the past decade . ''
It makes some sense . Fracking , as its name implies , involves the explosive fracturing of shale rock formations deep underground , as a way of creating cracks and fissures from which trapped natural gas can escape up the well bore and to the surface . That this might now and then nudge a previously unknown fault to noticeably rumble or shift seems elementary , if uncommon . Low-level seismicity is actually detected during fracking operations all the time , but at magnitudes that are virtually imperceptible to most people .
And as noted by the industry-run site Energy in Depth , the findings published this week — which grew out of work by researchers at Miami University of Ohio — only reinforce what was already suspected by anyone paying attention . Indeed , the Ohio Department of Natural Resources only needed a month after last spring 's quakes , which registered as high as 3.0 in magnitude and in one case was felt throughout Poland Township , to toughen its regulations on drilling near known fault lines and other areas of potential seismic activity .
Of course , concerns about earthquakes emanating from fracking activity go back much further , and while it 's singing a different tune now , the oil and gas industry spent a good deal of time and energy attempting to dispel the idea of a link . See , for example , a scolding article from last year by Energy In Depth 's California contingent , which declares : `` We 've tackled this issue before and explained that claiming a 'direct link ' between hydraulic fracturing and earthquakes is a willful attempt to misinform the public . ''
The Ohio study , which matched specific seismic events between March 4th and March 12th to well stimulation reports released by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources , should put a permanent end to those sorts of assertions .
`` We just do n't know where all the faults are located , ” Robert Skoumal , a PhD candidate in geophysics and seismology at Miami University of Ohio and one of the co-authors of the new research , said in press release accompanying the study . `` It makes sense to have close cooperation among government , industry and the scientific community as hydraulic fracturing operations expand in areas where there 's the potential for unknown pre-existing faults . ''
Imogen Brennan reported this story on Saturday , January 14 , 2017 08:10:00
EMILY BOURKE : It 's taken years and a string of MP expense scandals to spark the crackdown on parliamentary entitlements .
The Prime Minister , Malcolm Turnbull , says a new independent monitoring and auditing agency will be based on the system adopted by the United Kingdom in 2009 and will oversee work and travel expenses of all MPs .
Legislation to set up the new independent watchdog is expected in the coming months .
Imogen Brennan reports .
IMOGEN BRENNAN : The UK has had many of its own expenses scandals , involving MPs from all sides rorting allowances and entitlements .
In response to mass public outrage , the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority was created in 2009 . It oversees and regulates MPs ' business costs and expenses .
Marcial Boo is the chief executive of the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority ( IPSA ) . He spoke exclusively to AM from London .
MARCIAL BOO : It was very challenging at the beginning , because obviously the atmosphere was fairly difficult . It was difficult for MPs . They were under a lot of scrutiny . And they passed legislation and Parliament passed legislation to create this independent body .
But of course , there were a number of MPs who did n't like the transparency that came with that and the rules that they needed to adhere to . So it was difficult .
Also , IPSA , when it started , obviously was starting from scratch .
IMOGEN BRENNAN : What investigative powers does IPSA have , if any ?
MARCIAL BOO : Yes , we certainly do have investigative powers . We process about 15,000 claims every month . And so , since we were set up , there 's about 1.1 million claims that we have processed .
Every three months we look back at each MP 's claiming patterns to see if we can find anything unusual . It 's a normal kind of data analysis stuff . And then , every now and again , we also look at categories of expenditure : say , for example , we might look at travel .
IMOGEN BRENNAN : Is it the case , do you think , that the fact that these expenses are published and searchable on your website : do you think that point creates a deterrent in itself for MPs , or their staff , who might be considering misusing their allowances ?
MARCIAL BOO : Yeah , without question . It 's an enormously powerful regulatory tool that we have . Every two months we publish claims from four or five months previously . We did that yesterday , as it happens .
Now , it is a really , really powerful preventative tool , in the sense that MPs know that their claims are going to be published . It is also something of a double-edged sword in some ways , because there are some MPs who do n't claim for legitimate costs because they know it 's going to be published .
IMOGEN BRENNAN : Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says the exact details of the reform will be drawn up by the Special Minister of State , after consulting with MPs and senators from all sides .
Marcial Boo from the UK 's Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority has this advice :
MARCIAL BOO : I do n't think that anybody can expect it to be easy . I think that the independence that we have is absolutely critical .
And I would say that the two things that have most helped us to make this work are our independence , so that we can pursue what we think is right in terms of the taxpayers ' interests , but also we all recognise the needs of MPs themselves - trying to strike that balance on the one hand ; and then the transparency , because we have to uphold our own integrity and the integrity of our processes , so that we can over time build back confidence of the electorate in our politicians .
EMILY BOURKE : That 's the chief executive of the UK 's Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority , Marcial Boo , ending Imogen Brennan 's report .
The Voynich “ nymphs ” are tricky . They appear in many contexts , some relatively normal ( bathing ) , some clearly metaphorical ( standing naked in a circle around a “ zodiac ” image ) . I had n't thought much yet about connecting them to the rest of my work , exactly because they appear as such a random bunch .
Until now .
There is a row of human figures on top of f80r . When discussing this folio in the Voynich forum , Marco Ponzi referred to a comment made by Daniel Myers , that one of the Nymphs appeared to be holding a spindle , a device to spin fibres into threads . I reproduce here the image provided by Marco , since it shows a convincing similarity :
This made me study the details of this folio for the first time , and soon I noticed something : all these figures are connected by a thread . At first , this seems like a border separating the images from the text , but I think it is n't . No other illustration in the manuscript is “ framed ” like this . Hence , I thought , the thread must have a different meaning , probably relating to the spindle , and connecting all the characters in a way , like the thread of a story .
The logical next step was to look into which story could have been represented by these figures . I hunted down a number of spindle-related myths and started reading . Much to my surprise , one of the myths turned out to be part of Ovid 's Metamorphoses . I have already written about how I think many plant mnemonics have been inspired by Ovid 's work ( see Did Ovid write the Voynich ? ) , so I was intrigued .
Conclusion : these “ nymphs ” tell the middle part of the myth of Philomela . They start with the pair on the right , moving to the left as the story progresses . It is possible that the other parts of this story are told elsewhere in the manuscript , but we will stick to the top of f80r for now .
I will cite directly from the translation of Ovid provided here . The relevant sections are “ Bk VI:549-570 Philomela is mutilated “ , and the next one : “ Bk VI:571-619 The truth is revealed “ . I will show each part of the above image , going right to left , adding the relevant Ovid quote and my own comments .
The relevant part of the story starts in the palace of Tereus , the king of Thrace . His wife is queen Procne . One day , Procne 's sister Philomela visits the palace , and the king develops a “ passion ” for her . Long story made short , the king abducts Philomela and rapes her , as was the custom in Greek myth . Philomela swears an oath that she will tell everybody about this evil deed… . The next scene is where the Voynich story starts . This is the matching line from Ovid 's Metamorphoses .
The king 's anger was stirred by these words , and his fear also . Goaded by both , he freed the sword from its sheath by his side , and seizing her hair gathered it together , to use as a tie , to tether her arms behind her back .
And the image , the two figures on the right :
We see a woman with her hands behind her back , yet no visible rope , apart from her long hair . In darker ink , indicated by the blue arrow , we also see the spindle , which tells us that this woman is Philomela . She was given this attribute because of her renowned weaving skills . The male figure is Tereus , king of Thrace , who has raped her and is now afraid that she will live up to her vow of telling the world of his crime .
Next , Tereus cuts out Philomele 's tongue , making her mute . He locks her up and returns to the castle . He tells the queen that her beloved sister is dead . Ovid then tells how the queen tears off her clothes and laments her sister 's fate , which is shown in the next figure :
Meanwhile , Philomela is still trapped in a guarded building with thick , stone walls , unable to speak . She comes up with a plan , and “ fastens her thread to a barbarian 's loom , and weaves purple designs on a white background , revealing the crime . She entrusts it , when complete , to a servant , and asks her , by means of gestures , to take it to her mistress . She , as she is asked , takes it to Procne , not knowing what it carries inside . ”
So , before I show the next image , let me stress once again : we are looking for a purple design on a white background , shown by a messenger to a queen .
I 'll let that sink in for a minute .
Okay . Note how the messenger appears to be wearing the fabric , which might be a sign that the 15th century copyists probably did n't fully understand this image but tried their very best to make sense of it .
Edit 1 May 2016 : there is a possibility that the piece of fabric is used in a double purpose here . It is still the embroidery that holds Philomena 's message for her sister , but by the way it is draped around the messenger 's shoulders , it might also give the reader an additional hint . As D.N . O'Donovan explains in this post , the habit existed of denoting emissaries with shoulder covers . So this object conveys two messages at once : 1 ) this person is a messenger and 2 ) the message she bears is that of Philomela . Some typical Voynich efficiency .
Also , J.K. Petersen noticed that in some other translations of the story , the color of the cloth is “ red on white ” , which seems like a perfect match for this drawing .
So then , we continue : when the queen learns of her sister 's being captured , she “ has no time for tears , but rushes off , in a confusion of right and wrong , her mind filled with thoughts of vengeance. ” That 's the next figure :
Luckily , there is a distraction going on at night , which allows the queen to leave the castle and move unnoticed : ” It was the time when the young Thracian women used to celebrate the triennial festival of Bacchus ” . She disguises herself and manages to reach her sister and set her free :
“ She comes at last to the building in the wilderness , and howls out loud , giving the ecstatic cry of Euhoe , breaks the door down , seizes her sister , disguises her with the tokens of a wild Bacchante , hides her face with ivy leaves… ”
That is the next image : the queen and her sister Philomela disguised as festival goers , dancing to mingle in with the crowd :
Brilliant . Notice how Philomela , the one on the left , is holding her hand behind her back . This implies to the viewer that she is hiding her attribute , the spindle . In other words : she is hiding the way by which she can be recognized ! The blue-greenish colour in the queen 's hair are meant to depict the ivy leaves , the “ tokens of a wild Bacchante ” . This is how one went unnoticed through an Ancient Greek night .
When they reach the palace , Philomela is finally able to tell her story :
“ Procne , once there , took off the religious trappings ; uncovered the downcast face of her unhappy sister , and clutched her in her arms . But Philomela could not bear to lift her eyes , seeing herself as her sister 's betrayer . With her face turned towards the ground , wanting to swear by the gods , and call them to witness , that her shame had been visited on her by force , she made signs with her hands in place of speech. ” And that is our final image :
Philomela , on the right , is gesturing wildly , and she is once again carrying her attribute in the open . The queen is looking on , anger and grief on her face .
Now , of course , the question is which other ones of Ovid 's stories are depicted by the “ nymphs ” . It may be hard to find , since we are dealing with a medieval copy of rather ancient originals . As can be seen in this story , the copyists tried their best to stay true to the story 's intent , though . There is still much to be learned .
