The standoff , just east of the square , was captured by newspaper photographers and TV news crews . The standoff lasted but a few minutes , but was so tense with drama that witnesses recall it feeling like an eternity .
Photographer Jeff Widener , whose photo of the incident is the best known , was working then for the Associated Press . He says he has `` always felt 'Tank Man ' was like the unknown soldier . He will always symbolise freedom and democracy '' .
No one knows for sure the man 's name , or whether he 's dead or alive . Still , American 's Time magazine named him one of the century 's top 20 revolutionaries , whose `` moment of self-transcendence [ was seen ] by more people than ever laid eyes on Winston Churchill , Albert Einstein and James Joyce combined '' .
But it 's unclear whether `` Tank Man '' has ever been aware what an enduring symbol he became , because in China , the image remains barred . ( The identity of the tank driver , too , remains unknown to the public . )
Shortly after the incident , a British tabloid identified `` Tank Man '' as Wang Weilin , 19 , the son of Beijing factory workers . But efforts to substantiate the report ran into dead ends .
A nice choice for explaining AS to young siblings or classmates , gets some serious business done in a non-threatening , unchallenging way . If the reader in question loves cats , all the better , because there are some real cuties in here . Sometimes simplicity is a virtue , and a kindly package like this on can be invaluable in providing enlightenment in others and empowerment to your child . Author : Terri Mauro , About.com
A warm and understanding approach to the syndrome and those people affected by it . Each page has a beautiful glossy photograph of an endearing kitten or cat doing something a child with Asperger Syndrome might do , such as taking a risk with no idea of the danger he might get into . Accompanying each photo is a short sentence or phrase , explaining how such a child may feel , think or act under certain circumstances .
It is a heart-warming and encouraging book and ideal for anybody who cares for an Asperger child , although I would recommend everybody to read it at least once ( I have now read it four times ) , as it helps those of us who are ignorant of this condition to understand it more fully .
I found this book to be both poignant and humorous , without being patronising . I believe the author has aimed to educate and inform but without overwhelming the reader with statistics or technical jargon . In my opinion she has achieved this aim .
Author : The National Child Minding AssociationAll Cats Have Asperger Syndrome is a great addition for the coffeetable for any residence . I would also suggest this for therapist , doctor and school offices . The audience will gain insights through the delightful photographs of cats and kittens in various forms of play and vivid times of distress , alone time and funny mishaps along the way . Author : BellaOnline ReviewsI recommend the children 's book called All Cats Have Asperger Syndrome , which was writtern by Kathy Hoopmann . This 72-page Asperger Syndrome ( AS ) children 's book uses text and more than 70 photos of kitty cats to illustrate how these furry and unpredictable creatures reflect AS tendencies and traits . As a person with AS and who owns a cat , I can relate to the premise of the book . Author : Roy A. Barnes , Associatedcontent.comIlluminated with delightful colour photographs it compares-touchingly and humorously - the characteristics shared by cats and those with Asperger 's . An ideal introduction to the world of Asperg . It uses lovely photographs of cats to outline many characteristics of Aspergers , and could be really useful resource to help children ( and adults ) who do n't have Asperger Syndrome to understand the experience of those who do ' . Author : Learning SupportIn a heartwarming , playful and endearing way , the author has created a wonderful book that promotes understanding of difference , is positive and hopeful for all . I ca n't recommend this book enough for parents and children alike , who will get a lot of pleasure reading it together and looking at the pictures . Left on the coffee table for friends and relatives to read would be a great way of increasing their understanding too . Author : ConnectedIn her 2006 picture book , Australian author Kathy Hoopmann uses a familiar and beloved subject for many children - cats - to explain and human neurological condition . Some behaviour of children with Asperger 's might seem unusual to others their age , but Hoopmann patiently demystifies it . Imagine : an enjoyable didactic book . It 's a rare combination , but this creative approach pulls it off . Author : Chicken Spaghetti BlogMy nine year old Grand-daughter Emma has just been diagnosed with Autism , but to my knowledge has never heard the word Aspergers . I thought that I would read the book to her . After listening up to page 13 , she said , `` This is a book about my problems not a cats problem at all . '' I progressed through the book showing her the pictures , which she found highly amusing , and through provoking making comments all along . I myself though that the book should be one that is on all schools bookshelves to introduce to teachers and children into the world of ` different ' children who have problems that need careful handling . Author : Linchpin JournalThe one thing I notice most about cats , and respect them for , is their independence . It 's a funny thing because this is also what I notice about my Aspie friends . In fact , I see this in my own life as well . It 's a unique quality that sets us apart from most other humans . Just like cats are not like dogs . I mean we would n't want them to be , would we ? Kathy 's humorous book that highlights the unique qualities of individuals with Asperger 's has us `` down to a T '' . Author : Wendy LawsonThey are independent , adventurous and bright but can often leave you utterly bewildered - a description that will have cat-lovers everywhere nodding in agreement . It will also ring a bell for those with friends with Asperger Syndrome . Through the harmony of words and photos , Hoopman 's clever sense of humour opens up the world of Asperger to reveal the potential and the individuality that is so often misunderstood . Author : Mychild
NEWTOWN , CT - OCTOBER 04 : Dozens of people attend a vigil remembering the 58 people killed in Sunday 's shooting in Las Vegas and calling for action against guns on October 4 , 2017 in Newtown , Connecticut . The vigil , organized by the Newtown Action Alliance , was held outside the National Shooting Sport Foundation and looked to draw attention to gun violence in America . Twenty school children were killed at the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown on December 14 , 2012 . ( Spencer Platt/Getty Images )
Jonathan Alter , an author and MSNBC analyst , is at work on a biography of Jimmy Carter .
Even if Congress takes action on the bump stocks or other modifications used by the mass murderer in Las Vegas , Washington will not be the center of change on gun violence . The president and Congress are owned by the NRA , and public attention will soon shift away from the latest massacre , as it always does .
But there 's reason for hope in states that are hungry to keep and attract business , which means every state in the union . Gun safety advocates should take heart from the backlash against bathroom bills and other anti-gay laws in red states . The institutions that stood up in those fights — from Apple to the NCAA — offer a path forward .
Corporations have a moral and fiduciary duty to enhance the safety of their workplaces and other venues they use . When mass shootings were rare , they were n't as much of a concern . Now that they 're a common occurrence , the calculus for locating businesses , conventions , sporting events and concerts must change . Companies can not fully guarantee the safety of their employees and customers anywhere , but risks are clearly greater in `` gun lax '' states .
Those states should now be faced with a choice : They can have assault weapons and gun show loopholes . Or they can have good jobs and events from responsible corporations . But they ca n't have both .
Imagine if chief executives looking out for the safety of their employees and conference attendees announced that they would locate new facilities and hold conventions , concerts and other gatherings only in `` gun responsible '' states ( which different companies could define differently ) . We might see activity overnight in several state legislatures .
Moving the debate over `` gun safety '' ( a preferable term to `` gun control '' ) to the states is not ideal . Gun violence is a national problem and deserves a national remedy . And the Swiss-cheese map caused by differing state laws undermines efforts to protect the public . For example , the guns used by gangs in Chicago largely come from across the state line with Indiana , which has looser gun laws than Illinois .
But efforts to do something have to begin somewhere , and that means focusing on what Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis called `` the laboratories of democracy . ''
State laws can be effective . After the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Conn. , Congress resisted pressure from President Barack Obama and refused to act . But Connecticut passed the strongest state laws in the country — with expanded background checks and magazine capacity restrictions — and gun crimes there are down .
The lobbying group that emerged from that massacre , Everytown for Gun Safety , and its offshoot , Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense , are scoring other important victories in state capitals . Twenty-five states have passed laws designed to keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers . Voters in three states last year approved referendums containing common-sense gun regulation .
Winning support for other gun safety measures has been tougher . The nine states that require universal background checks are all blue . Same for the seven states that ban the sale of assault weapons . But on other inflammatory social issues , even red-state Republicans will confront the conservative base and bend their personal convictions when jobs are on the line .
Boycotts can carry enormous social power . In 2015 , Indiana Gov . Mike Pence signed a bill allowing businesses and individuals to use religious beliefs to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation . Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff announced that the company was cancelling all programs that would bring employees to Indiana , and Angie 's List aborted an expansion that would have netted 1,000 jobs for the state . Most major employers in Indiana denounced the legislation . Within 10 days , Pence and legislators reversed course with a new bill that protected lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights .
In 2016 , North Carolina Gov . Pat McCrory signed a `` bathroom bill '' that required transgender people to use bathrooms based on the sex they were assigned at birth . The NCAA withdrew all tournaments from the state , and PayPal canceled a large new facility . According to an Associated Press analysis , the state stood to lose $ 3.76 billion from the law . While surveys showed North Carolina voters supported the bill in principle , they turned strongly against it on economic grounds and elected a Democratic governor , Roy Cooper , who this year signed a partial repeal . It 's no mere coincidence that `` bathroom bills '' introduced in 10 other red states are going nowhere .
Will major businesses step up on guns ? It depends in part on how hard their employees , customers and shareholders push executives . But with more gun-toting nuts on the way , it 's important that all companies make a hard assessment of what legislation they need to protect their workers and other stakeholders from bodily harm .
Insurance considerations might also be relevant . Premiums for concerts and sports events within rifle range of tall buildings should logically go higher in gun-lax states that allow the sale of easily modified semiautomatic weapons that can spray bullets on crowds . If premiums rose , they would represent another cost that would dampen business and thus help advance common-sense gun safety legislation .
The NRA and its toadies say that no law could have definitively prevented this or any other massacre . This is a dodge : Traffic laws do n't prevent all car crashes or airbags all deaths in those accidents . But they help . If the carnage in Las Vegas prompts even a few more state experiments , something good may yet come from this evil .
I had possibly one of the more annoying ( or fun ) `` exchange preferences '' write-ups for my Reddit Secret Santa .
I had no expectations that anyone would put up with it , in fact , I thought whoever got me would just not bother and simply get the first thing on the list . And that 's what I thought would happen since my Secret Santa did n't pull my data until the last minute ... and did n't ship the gift until a few days ago .
BUT ...
Not only did my Reddit Secret Santa deliver , she took the time , care and attention to send me gifts on all THREE `` game levels '' I created ( see my `` exchange preferences '' below ) .
I was both surprised and delighted . Thank you /u/awesomebosslady
The gifts were ( since the picture is a little chaotic ) : 1 . Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad 2 . A notebook with Da Vinci 's Mona Lisa dressed up in a sari 3 . Tangle Art drawing kit
Here 's the original exchange preferences note I wrote :
OK - the following notes to my Secret Santa will either make me come off as either fun and challenging , ( like a Legend of Zelda quest ... yay ! ) Oooorrrrr ... picky and arrogant . But I figured , why not . Why the heck not , y'know ? At my age ( 34 ) , I buy presents for my three kids , my one million cousins ages 1 to 25 , and everyone else in my family . What do I get ? Nothing . My wife does n't even bother anymore . My brother does an annual Amazon GC .
So let 's play a game . And like any game , there are levels of difficulty . You get to choose which one to play .
Buy Jinn A Present Challenge Level
Easy : Classic Literature or Science Fiction , Criterion Blu-Rays , Magic : The Gathering , Graphic Novels
: Classic Literature or Science Fiction , Criterion Blu-Rays , Magic : The Gathering , Graphic Novels Medium : An interesting toy you can actually play with and not just display , unique stationary paper , something I 'd use as a creative writer
: An interesting toy you can actually play with and not just display , unique stationary paper , something I 'd use as a creative writer Hard : An experience . Some of my favorite gifts were things I did n't expect to EVER receive from anyone . They were both surprising and delightful . For example : Black Phoenix Alchemy Lab samples , Vosges Haute dark chocolate , Indonesia clove cigarettes .
( And no , these were not Xmas presents . They were thanked you gifts that came from left field . But all super enjoyable . )
So ... I hope you have fun with this . Or not . If not , sorry .
An Iowa man was arrested Thursday and was charged with desecrating the U.S. flag after hanging it upside down beneath a Chinese flag in protest at his home .
The Fort Dodge Messenger reported that Homer Martz , an Army veteran , of Somers , put up the flag to protest an oil pipeline being built without his consent next to a well that supplies water to his home . Martz said he was arrested by Calhoun County sheriffs at around 11 a.m .
`` They said , 'You ca n't do this . We have a statute . ' I said I 'm sorry but you should n't have taken them down , '' Martz told The Messenger . `` So I walked back out and put them back up , and they arrested me . ''
Calhoun County Attorney Tina Meth-Farrington said that Martz faces simple misdemeanor and if convicted he could get a fine and at least 30 days in jail for a desecration charge .
Martz said he did n't know he was breaking the law . According to Iowa code 718A , Martz was charged with a misdemeanor because he tried to `` publicly mutilate , deface , defile or defy , trample upon , cast contempt upon , satirize , deride or burlesque , either by words or act , such flag , standard , color , ensign , shield , or other insignia of the United States , or flag , ensign , great seal , or other insignia of this state . ”
The paper reported that if authorities fail to enforce the law , they could be removed from office .
`` If they had asked me to take them down , and showed me the statute , I would have taken them down , '' he said . `` But in my book , they trespassed by taking the flags down . ''
Martz protested the construction of an oil pipeline that he be built by the Texas-based company Dakota Access and will cross into Iowa . The company was granted the right to use eminent domain to take the land from landowners . The line will pass between Martz 's home and well and he fears construction will break his waterline .
Dakota Access told the paper that they will fix the line if it 's damaged during construction .
Martz said his rights were trampled on .
`` I 'm a soldier , '' he added . `` When I walked to the airport in the '70s with my dress uniform on , I was spit on . I stood in front of people that were protesting , and I 've been cussed at . And like I said , that 's their rights . I 've never infringed on their rights .
`` But you know , freedom of speech , freedom to protest - people can burn the American flag , '' Martz said . `` It 's legal . That 's the Supreme Court . ''
Click for more from The Fort Dodge Messenger .
If you 're under attack , create a diversion . David Cameron and Nick Clegg have been floundering as the spectre of Westminster sleaze has returned to haunt them . Four years after the MPs ' expenses scandal engulfed British politics , yet another alleged scam has been exposed . First a Tory MP and then a clutch of greedy peers were caught on camera apparently agreeing to take cash from journalists posing as representatives of foreign companies . `` Make that £12,000 a month , '' grinned Jack Cunningham , Tony Blair 's former `` enforcer '' .
Cameron and Clegg had promised to deal with parliamentary influence-peddling , and done nothing about it . So on Monday they came up with a plan : to crack down on trade unions . Wrapped in a panic bill to set up a register of lobbyists is to be powers to police union membership lists and cut union spending in election campaigns . The first will make what is already the almost impossible task of holding a legally watertight strike ballot still harder . The second is a direct attack on Labour funding .
The contemptuous class cynicism of the coalition leaders ' response takes some beating . Not only are unions the most accountable and only democratic part of the political funding system ; but by including anti-union clauses in the new bill , Cameron and Clegg want to ensure Labour 's opposition – all the better to change the subject and wrongfoot the opposition in the process .
Even Conservative MPs were embarrassed at the crude chicanery of it . Just as absurd is the fact that the register would have done nothing to prevent the latest lobbying scams – except help the puffed-up parliamentarians avoid getting stung in the first place . And the new law would apply only to lobbying firms , while directly employed corporate lobbyists would be exempt . Add to that the failure to bring elections to the House of Lords , and there will certainly be more jobs-for-life cronies cashing in with corporate clients in the years to come .
The truth is that parliamentary sleaze merchants are small fry in the corporate lobbying game . Before he became prime minister , Cameron predicted that secret corporate lobbying was `` the next big scandal waiting to happen '' , adding : `` We all know how it works . '' As a former lobbyist himself , he certainly did – and still does .
Cameron 's own election adviser , the Australian Lynton Crosby , is a lobbyist – for tobacco , alcohol , oil and gas companies . Which is why the prime minister came under attack for dropping curbs on cigarette packaging and alcohol pricing . His party treasurer Peter Cruddas resigned after offering access to Cameron for a £250,000 party donation . His defence secretary , Liam Fox , resigned over his relationship with the lobbyist Adam Werritty .
But lobbying does n't begin to cover the extent of corporate influence . More than ever the Tory party is in thrall to the City , with over half its income from bankers and hedge fund and private equity financiers . Peers who have made six-figure donations have been rewarded with government jobs .
But the real corruption that has eaten into the heart of British public life is the tightening corporate grip on government and public institutions – not just by lobbyists , but by the politicians , civil servants , bankers and corporate advisers who increasingly swap jobs , favours and insider information , and inevitably come to see their interests as mutual and interchangeable . The doors are no longer just revolving but spinning , and the people charged with protecting the public interest are bought and sold with barely a fig leaf of regulation .
Take David Hartnett , head of tax at HM Revenue & Customs until last year and the man whose `` sweetheart deals '' allowed Starbucks and Vodafone to avoid paying billions in tax . He now works for the giant City accountancy firm Deloitte , which works for Vodafone . The two-way traffic between the big four auditing firms and government is legendary : staff are sent on secondments to HMRC and the political parties and then return to devise new loopholes for corporate clients .
Then there 's Hector Sants , head of the Financial Services Authority in charge of regulating banks until last year , who joined Barclays six months later . But he 's only one of a stream of regulators who have made similar moves . The same goes for the 3,500 military officers and defence ministry officials who have taken up jobs in arms companies in the past 16 years – as it does for top civil servants and intelligence officials . The cabinet secretary , Jeremy Heywood , is the living embodiment of the revolving door , having moved effortlessly from the Treasury to Blair 's office to the investment bank Morgan Stanley and back to work for Cameron .
That 's before you get to the politicians . City directorships in opposition used to be a Tory preserve . But after New Labour embraced corporate power it became a cross-party affair . Blair is in a class of his own , of course , raking in £20m a year from banks and autocratic governments ; but he is followed closely by dozens of New Labour ministers who moved out of government into lucrative corporate jobs , often for firms hustling for contracts from their former departments .
It defies rationality to believe that the prospect of far better paid jobs in the private sector does n't influence the decisions of ministers and officials – or is n't used by corporations to shape policy . Who can seriously doubt that politicians were encouraged to champion light touch regulation before the crash by the lure and lobbying of the banks , as well as by an overweening ideology ?
Privatisation has extended the web of lubricated relationships , as a mushrooming £80bn business uses jobs and cash to foist a policy that is less accountable , lowers standards and is routinely more expensive on the public realm . When 142 peers linked to companies involved in private healthcare were able to vote on last year 's health bill that opened the way to sweeping outsourcing – and the City consultancy McKinsey helped draw it up – it 's not hard to see why .
Britain is now an increasingly corrupt country at its highest levels – not in the sense of directly bribing officials , of course , and it 's almost entirely legal . But our public life and democracy is now profoundly compromised by its colonisation . Corporate and financial power have merged into the state .
That vice can be broken , but it demands radical change : closure of the revolving doors ; a ban on ministers and civil servants working for regulated private companies ; a halt to the corrosive tide of privatisation ; and a downward squeeze on boardroom pay to reduce the corporate allure . It 's going to need a democratic backlash .
Twitter : @ SeumasMilne
The Valladares Foundation , a Virginia-based organization that pressures the Cuban Government on human-rights issues , helped organize the rescue flight , Mr. Lorenzo said . A wealthy Cuban-born widow living in Columbus , Ga. , donated $ 30,000 to the Foundation to buy the plane used for the flight , said Kristina Arriaga , the foundation 's executive director .
A former Cuban Air Force major , Mr. Lorenzo flew his MIG-23 from Cuba to Key West , Fla. , on March 20 , 1991 , one of the few times since the 1960 's that a Cuban military aviator has flown a military plane to American soil .
After he was given political asylum last year , Mr. Lorenzo sought unsuccessfully to gain Cuban Government permission for his wife , Maria Victoria , 35 , and two sons , Reyniel , 11 , and Alejandro , 6 , to join him in the United States , he said . Help From Foundation
With the help of the Valladares Foundation , Mr. Lorenzo began to enlist international support in a campaign to pressure Cuba , testifying before the United Nations Human Rights Commission , staging a brief hunger strike in Spain during the summer to call attention to his family 's plight . President Bush met with Mr. Lorenzo at a campaign stop in Miami in October and urged President Fidel Castro to allow the family to emigrate .
In late summer , however , Mr. Lorenzo began plotting a flight into Cuba , at one point considering landing a helicopter near his wife 's Havana residence but later discarding the idea because helicopter costs were too high . Sent a Messenger
But earlier this month , Elena Diaz-Verson Amos , the Cuban-born widow of a wealthy insurance executive , donated $ 30,000 to the Valladares Foundation to buy a 1961 model twin-engine Cessna , said Ms. Arriaga of the Foundation .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Lorenzo made several test flights in Georgia , then flew with an American co-pilot to a small airfield at Marathon Key about 100 miles southwest of Miami , Ms. Arriaga said .
He sent a messenger to Cuba from Mexico carrying a letter to his wife , a Havana dentist , telling her to rent a car and drive with the two boys to a spot near a well-known bridge along the main coastal road east of Havana in northern Matanzas province , Mr. Lorenzo said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Lorenzo took off alone from the Marathon Key airfield in the Cessna Saturday at 5:05 P.M. , he said . After flying straight south to the Cuban coast , he landed along the highway leading from Matanzas to Varadero , a beach resort , at 5:43 P.M .
The Cuban driver whose truck screeched to a halt just 10 yards from Mr. Lorenzo 's plane appeared thunderstruck , he said .
`` I 'll never forget his face , '' he said . `` He could n't believe his eyes . ''
When his family climbed into the four-seater , Mr. Lorenzo said , his children `` wanted to touch me , to embrace me , '' but he took off immediately with the entire family in tears , he said .
Mr. Lorenzo returned to the same Marathon Key airfield , he said . He met with officials from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Immigration and Naturalization Service in Miami yesterday , an official from the Valladares Foundation said . He then flew with his wife and family to his home in Springfield , Va . Verifying Identities
Lucie Vonderhaar , a spokesperson for the F.B.I . in South Florida , said the bureau had consulted with immigration officials to verify that the three Cubans he brought back with him were definitely family members .
Carol D. Chass , the immigration service 's acting director for the Miami district , said that because Mr. Lorenzo obtained political asylum last year in Washington , she believed that his petitions for asylum on behalf of his wife and children would be presented in the Washington district as well .
Asked if Mr. Lorenzo 's flight had violated any American laws , Ms. Chass replied , `` Not to my knowledge , no . ''
Under immigration law , Mr. Lorenzo 's family is entitled to `` derivative immigration benefits '' because Mr. Lorenzo was given political asylum last year , said Duane Austin , an immigration service spokesman . `` I do n't see that they will be in any jeopardy , '' Mr. Austin said .
Battalion 1944 Wants to be The Next World War II Shooter
Battalion 1944 Wants to be The Next World War II Shooter
Share . World War II for the current generation of shooters . World War II for the current generation of shooters .
Battalion 1944 has been announced for PC , PS4 , and Xbox One .
Developed by British developer Bulkhead Interactive , the goal of Battalion 1944 is to create an online experience akin to the early Call of Duty and Medal of Honor titles . Namely ; a World War II shooter for the current generation . Where skill reigns supreme .
Exit Theatre Mode
“ We 're stripping out unbalanced unlocks , over-powered abilities , just to try and reinstate the fun and the skill of the game , ” says executive producer , Joe Brammer .
Despite the removal of modern-day unlocks , players will still be able to unlock customisation options , ranging from gun engraving , clan insignias , and different uniforms .
The game also uses real-world locations for maps , including the streets of Carentan and the forests of Bastogne .
Battalion 1944 will have multiple seasons through Battlerank – Bulkhead 's global competition system . Each season , players will be able to participate in events to earn cosmetic rewards for their avatar , weapons , or accessories ( none of which have a bearing in-game ) .
Exit Theatre Mode
“ At Bulkhead Interactive , we 've all grown up playing classic shooters like COD2 and Medal of Honor , ” that 's Joe again .
“ It 's been a decade since we last saw a great WW2 First-Person Shooter and I think the genre 's resurgence is long overdue . We 're focusing on community driven development . We want to work with passionate community of players who have a strong connection to the genre like we do . ”
Today also marks the release of the game 's Kickstarter . For more on Battalion 1944 , stay tuned to IGN .
Wesley Copeland is a freelance news writer who writes terrible bios . For more obvious statements and video game chat , you should probably follow him on Twitter .
( CBS ) — Six years ago today , Stacy Peterson disappeared from her home in Bolingbrook and her family is marking the anniversary .
It is all very personal and very private . There are no public vigils for the family of Stacy Peterson as they mark six years since she vanished – the fourth wife of Drew Peterson .
“ We will always know that he was what happened to her , ” said Pamela Bosco , the spokeswoman for Stacy Peterson 's family .
Drew Peterson is in prison for the murder of his third wife Kathleen Savio and wo n't be eligible for release until he 's in his 90s .
“ He should never be out again because we know now that another woman is going to be safe out there because that 's where he 's going to stay for the rest of his life . ”
Pamela Bosco says the family believes Stacy is dead , but they 're still hopeful they will learn what happened to her some day .
ANKARA , Turkey — The political career of Yasar Yakis , a former foreign minister of Turkey , offers a telling look at the trajectory of the country 's president , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
Fifteen years ago , Mr. Yakis was a founding member of Mr. Erdoğan 's political group , the Justice and Development Party , or A.K.P . for short . Mr. Yakis was a career diplomat and stalwart of the secular Turkish bureaucracy , and his appointment as foreign minister in 2002 embodied the party 's attempts to appeal beyond its conservative , Islamist base .
But less than four months later , Mr. Yakis lost his cabinet post . In the years since , he has been increasingly at odds with Mr. Erdoğan , as the leader 's policies grew increasingly authoritarian .
Mr. Erdoğan , Mr. Yakis remarked , once compared democracy with a tram : You can leave it once you reach your stop . Today , Mr. Yakis said , Mr. Erdoğan “ is not any longer on the tram . ”
Rescue robots could be incredibly useful tools in the future , diving into situations too dangerous for humans . But if you 've seen current-generation robots try to tackle these sorts of scenarios , you 'll know even the most advanced lack the coordination and flexibility of movement required . To fix this , a group of researchers from Japan are trying a new method of robot-control , letting a human operate a bot essentially like a giant puppet .
This sort of remote control system is n't new , and usually comes under a branch of research known as “ telepresence. ” However , scientists from the University of Tokyo say their method ( presented last month at the IROS conference ) is more advanced than predecessors ' . Earlier systems used smaller robots or only controlled the upper half of the bot ; theirs controls an entire robot as big as an adult human , using controllers from HTC virtual reality Vive system .
The Vive 's “ lighthouse ” sensors are used to track its controllers in 3D space using infrared light . By strapping a controller to each foot and hand , the researchers were able to map their movements and send them as commands to their robot . The really clever part , though , is the intermediary software that ensures any motion sent to the robot are tweaked to fit its capabilities .
“ For example , stepping at a walking speed is allowed , but running and jumping are forbidden , ” researcher Ishiguro Yasushiro tells The Verge over email . Jerky movements are smoothed out , and fast ones slowed down , he says . “ We force the robot to keep its gait always safe. ” Yasushiro admits that the system still has “ many weak points , ” but claims its offers more flexibility and responsiveness than other designs .
The robot itself was built several years ago by the university and is known as JAXON . It previously competed in DARPA 's Robotics Challenge , which is meant to test bots in disaster scenarios . Although these humanoid machines are currently too unwieldy to be used in the field , it 's hoped that they 'll be more convenient in the future . After all , if they have to navigate a space built for humans ( with doors , and handles , and valves ) , it 's handy to be human shaped .
Yasushiro says that he and his colleagues have only really mastered slow bipedal walking , and that they want to learn more actions , like walking up and down stairs , jumping , and even running . Virtual reality headsets could help operators see what the robot sees , and force feedback suits could help them feel what it feels . “ Eventually , we aim to achieve everything humans can through the humanoid robot , ” says Yasushiro .
The week began with the West Indies losing by ten wickets to a team that contained six debutants . It was therefore no surprise when the men from the Caribbean succumbed to an embarrassing innings defeat in the first of three Tests against the second best side in the world . Australia were ruthless in their dismantling of an undercooked and down-hearted West Indies team that have one overseas Test win against a top 8 team in the last 12 years .
The concern is that this is n't even the nadir of Caribbean cricket . Gideon Haigh summed it up in The Australian . “ The West Indies used to be ¬baaaaaaad . Now they 're simply bad . And in international cricket , bad easily gets worse , there being no equalising mechanisms , such as draft picks , salary caps or a transfer market , to arrest a subsidence . ”
The biggest concern for the West Indies is not the perception that they ca n't play , but the impression that they ca n't be bothered . The laid back body language on display in Hobart would have been of no consequence when the West Indies were world conquering supermen . When you are losing game after game , it is a touch unseemly .
Of course , games of cricket are not won and lost on folded arms and hands in pocket , but it adds to the image of a side that have given up before they started . Those who know what these players have had to put up with from the administrators of the game may feel that is understandable , but if you had paid good money to watch them in Tasmania you would have the right to feel a little aggrieved at the quality of entertainment that you got in return for your hard earned cash .
Some will suggest that the solution to this problem is to stop them from playing Test cricket , but it is exactly that attitude that has exacerbated the drop in standard from the West Indies . If cricket had opened up the game to allow other sides into the fold , one team struggling would not be as big a problem . Instead , one team falling in standard means 10 % of sides are below par . As soon as two or three nations are struggling , a third of those that play the game are fading away .
“
Imagine if , instead of telling teams like Ireland , Afghanistan and the UAE that they are not welcome at the party , we had given them the opportunity to grow through funding and playing opportunities . Instead of bemoaning the death of West Indian cricket , we could be celebrating the rise of new players from new nations giving us new narratives to embrace .
”
The whole idea of status is elitist nonsense that exists only to maintain the status quo at the expense of the sport and the growth of the game . No other international sport makes the distinction that only some games count . No other international sport insinuates that fans are not bright enough to distinguish the value of performances against weaker opponents .
In football the all-time leading international goal scorer is Iran 's Ali Daei . No football fans think he is a better player than Messi , Ronaldo and Pele . In rugby the man with the most tries is Daisuke Ohata , but no one suggests he is the world 's greatest .
The solution is so obvious that it already exists . Below Test cricket , a whole league system exists that allows promotion and relegation , where every result matters and almost every game is a must-win affair . When the ICC talk about a meritocratic pathway to Test cricket , they are right to say it exists ; it is just that the concept of meritocracy disappears as soon as you are given the golden key to the full member executive lounge .
An associate side can lose funding , “ status ” and sponsors as a result of a bad day on the field . The consequence for the West Indies ' repeated failures is furrowed brows and allusions to the good old days of Viv Richards and Clive Lloyd .
This cosy existence means the administrative failures that allowed the West Indies to slide so far have festered for all too long . It means that having a replacement for a fading team is impossible , when the inevitable cyclical nature of sport means a good team becomes a bad one .
The answer to cricket 's problems is not having one fewer Test nations , it is opening the whole thing up and tearing all the walls down . Have a top tier and several below that . Have a fixture list that allows each of the teams in those divisions to play each other home and away . It gives series context and it allows the game to grow .
The reasons why this wo n't happen are legion . The idea that any one of the “ Big 3 ” could be relegated is unpalatable to the short-sighted money men that run our game . What if England and Australia are not in the same division ? No Ashes ? We need that to pay the bills .
Some will argue about how statistics matter , but the idea that numbers on a scorecard mean more than the health of the sport and the game as a spectacle is , frankly , ridiculous . For far too long Test cricket has been run like the Victorian pursuit it remains . The time for reform has long past , but it is n't too late .
Morsi 's departure key to solving Egypt crisis : Syria
DAMASCUS - Agence France-Presse
A handout picture released by the Syrian Arab News Agency ( SANA ) on May 5 shows Syrian Information Minister Omran al-Zohbi giving a press conference in Damascus . AFP PHOTO/SANA
Egypt will overcome its current crisis if President Mohamed Morsi leaves office , Syria 's Information Minister Omran al-Zohbi said on July 3 , as massive protests against the Islamist leader went into their fourth day.Egypt 's `` security and unity are a national responsibility , '' Zohbi told a news conference broadcast by state television . `` Egypt will be able to overcome its crisis if Morsi realises that the vast majority of the Egyptian people refuse his presence and are calling for his departure , '' he added . `` Those who are loyal to the ( Egyptian ) nation should side by the people , and against the terrorism of the Muslim Brotherhood '' movement from which Morsi hails.There is long-standing animosity between the Syrian regime and the Muslim Brotherhood , and membership in the group has been punishable by death in Syria since the 1980s.The Syrian branch of the Brotherhood today plays a key role in the exiled opposition National Coalition , which is recognised by more than 100 states and organisations as legitimate representative of the Syrian people.Zohbi launched a verbal attack on July 1 as well against Morsi - who last month severed ties with Syria - saying the Brotherhood had proven a failure in Egypt.Morsi has repeatedly called for Assad to step down . More than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria 's war , says the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights .
fullscreen continue view fullscreen close
Just over three weeks before the April 19th presidential primary , Brooklyn welcomed back its hometown candidate this morning , with over 300 Bernie Sanders supporters gathering to celebrate the opening of his campaign 's Gowanus office . A few months ago , it seemed like an impossibility that the Brooklyn-born Sanders would still be running a campaign strong enough to keep New York State competitive . While the most recent poll [ pdf ] has Bernie lagging behind his opponent Hillary Clinton ( though that might change after today 's caucuses ) , for supporters , the fight for the state is just beginning .
“ As the only City Councilman supporting Bernie Sanders , I 'm proud to be here today , ” Councilman Rafael Espinal told the crowd . “ I 'm here today because Bernie Sanders stands up for my people . I represent East New York and Bushwick , some of the poorest neighborhoods in the state of New York and when Bernie speaks , he speaks for us , for the people that live here . ”
Though Sanders was off communing with nature in Oregon , Bern-ers entertained themselves with a performance by Kyp Malone ( of Brooklyn 's own TV On The Radio ) and speeches by prominent local supporters , who echoed Sanders ' call for a political revolution that will put power in the hands of the people , and not the corporations .
“ You can go back forty years ago , and Bernie was still saying the same things he is today , ” said Linda Sarsour , the Executive Director of the Arab American Association , . “ He 's a man who sees all of us , progressives , whites , blacks , Jews , Muslims , Latinos , as equals . He 's a man who believes in equal access to higher education . A man who believes we should all be able to afford to live in Brooklyn . ”
The post-brunch crowd signed up at tables for door-knocking and volunteer shifts as vendors circulated selling Bernie Sanders pins , bandanas , and t-shirts . One man , wearing a “ Feel The Bern ” fitted hat , had already appended a small bird to it , referencing yesterday 's possibly divinely-inspired moment . Several women in attendance could also be seen wearing “ Bernie is Bae ” t-shirts .
Volunteer Tabitha Holbert , a 28-year-old actor living in Brooklyn , was drawn to the campaign after seeing Sanders getting made fun of on The Daily Show .
“ It was a joke , but I was really curious . Why was this guy running for president ? I started following him because he was such an oddity . How could a socialist run for president ? When I finally saw his campaign platform , it was everything I already believed in , ” Holbert told Gothamist .
While the Sanders campaign has found much of its success in liberal , mostly white states , the rally appeared to reflect a diversity slightly more in keeping with Brooklyn 's demographics , drawing supporters of all races and ages .
“ At first I liked Donald Trump , but when he started talking out against Mexicans and Muslims , it got me thinking . I started looking over at the Democratic candidates , and being an undocumented person myself , I came to support Bernie Sanders . Hillary , she keeps changing her positions , ” said 22-year-old Gabino Morales , who lives in nearby Sunset Park . “ I 'm 100 % convinced Bernie Sanders will win New York . ”
The most passionate speech of the morning came from Ohio State Senator Nina Turner , who has been one of the most outspoken boosters for Sanders nationwide . Reflecting on the holiday weekend , Turner told the audience “ Not only was Jesus a revolutionary , but as my husband reminded me , he was a Socialist Jew. ” The crowd erupted . “ He was n't with the status quo , he was with the people . ”
While many of the younger supporters voiced enthusiasm for Sanders 's platform , a few older attendees were more tactical in their endorsement .
“ Hillary has a record , but it 's more like a criminal record at this point , ” said former City Council candidate Gwen Goodwin of East Harlem . “ And Trump is going to throw her under the bus in the debates . But Donald Trump has co-opted so much of Bernie 's good financial policies , that he ca n't go after him for voting for NAFTA or TPP , because he did n't . There 's nothing he can go after him on , so Trump will come out as a racist and a fascist , and Bernie will not . ”
Right before Kyp Malone 's set , the generator for the event gave out , leading organizers to resort to the “ People 's Mic , ” a throwback to the days of Occupy . They slowly delivered instructions on how volunteers could pick up their clipboards for canvassing . After a brief pause , Malone took the stage and performed “ Smiling Black Faces , ” a song from his Rain Machine solo project .
With that , the crowd dispersed into the midday , outfitted with lists of potential voters and Bernie-approved talking points . Park Slope resident Greg Algarin , 50 , shared the excitement of some of the younger supporters in attendance .
“ I think this makes for a great message . He 's a hometown kid done good , you know ? ”
Another bundle of joy ! Teen Mom 3 's Katie Yeager took to Instagram on Wednesday , September 7 , to share the exciting news that she is pregnant and expecting her second child .
The 16 & Pregnant alum , 23 , who welcomed daughter Molli in August 2011 with ex Joey Maes , posted an adorable snapshot of her firstborn seated in a rocking chair while reading the book Little Miss , Big Sis in a wooded area . In the background is a clothesline with three Disney-inspired dresses hanging from it .
“ Sometimes being a big sister is even better than being a princess , ” the Wyoming native captioned the photo . “ March 2017 # babythayn ”
Sometimes being a big sister is even better than being a princess . March 2017 ❤️ ? ‍ ? ‍ ? ‍ ? ? ? # babythayn A post shared by katiebyeager ( @ katiebyeager ) on Sep 7 , 2016 at 3:17pm PDT
The identity of Mr. Thayn ( presumably the father of Yeager 's baby given her hashtag ) remains unclear mainly because the former MTV personality has made a concerted effort to keep their romance off social media .
“ I 've been with a wonderful man for over a year . The sign of a happy relationship is no sign of it on social media , ” she recently wrote on Instagram . “ Even if I was single it would still be a blessing . I 've been a single mom to Molli most of her life and she is amazing . ”
In a September 7 interview with Starcasm , the young mom revealed that while she was looking to expand her family , she did n't think it would happen so soon . “ I expected it to take a year or so , ” she said , adding that she removed her IUD in April . “ I was shocked it happened so fast . ”
As for picking out a name for her newest addition , the expectant reality star told the website that she has n't pinned down the perfect moniker just yet : “ We have n't decided on any names . We will find out the gender in the next month [ and ] then we will start talking about names and such . ”
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news , hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox !
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now !
The 2016 Summer Olympics are underway , which means it 's time to shine the spotlight on Rio 's unsung heroes : the men married to decorated Olympians . We dare you not to tear up while reading about these six inspiring husbands of Olympic medal winners .
Zander Albini
Albini may not get as much press as his three-time gold medalist wife , but he 's no slouch . Albini 's spectacular career in orthopedic surgery all started when he got a 4 on the AP biology exam . He went on to graduate Magna Cum Laude from Penn State and eventually make $ 500,000 a year . That 's probably what inspired his wife to work so hard at long distance running !
Mark O'Dare
O'Dare was well known in Boston stand-up comedy circles long before his wife made international headlines with her domination in the Olympic synchronized swimming competition . The twice-crowned “ Funniest Guy In Newton ” even skipped an open-mic night to cheer on his wife in Rio this year . Gives you chills , does n't it ?
Omar Charles
For some reason , Charles ' skills as a sports broadcaster usually take the backseat to his wife 's record-breaking beach volleyball and modeling career . Not only has Charles worked at ESPN2 for a year and a half , but he can name all the World Series winners of the past two decades . Gods do walk among us !
Andre Jackson
The husband of the most decorated Olympic sprinter had quite a running career of his own in high school . While he has long since abandoned running to pursue a career in dentistry , his athleticism was once breathtaking to behold . What an inspiration !
Gregory Mason
The husband of the woman hailed as the best fencer in the world has a story worthy of the history books , too . Not only did he overcome his Catholic upbringing in favor of atheism , but he was able to start a blog about it . He 's paved the way for all 213 of his readers , so where 's his inspirational Samsung ad ?
Sam Wao
Wao 's wife might currently hold the world record for freestyle swimming , but he is the top ranked Mario Kart player among his group of friends . While Wao does n't have a career of his own , his buddies describe him as the kind of guy who 's always around to grab a drink with on a weekday . What a hero !
It 's men like these that make you totally reconsider what inspiring means . Can we get these guys medals already ?
Story highlights New iPhone `` kill switch '' targets crime known as `` Apple picking ''
Tool is part of new operating system for the iPhone
It requires a password to deactivate `` Find My Phone '' or wipe data
Mobile device theft a growing concern for law enforcement
It 's called `` Apple picking , '' a growing wave of crime in which thieves target mobile devices , particularly iPhones and iPads .
Now the company that gave the crime its name is taking a step to stop it , with a `` kill switch '' -style update aimed at making the mobile gadgets less valuable to thieves .
Activation Lock will be part of iOS 7 , the latest version of Apple 's mobile operating system expected to roll out in the fall . The feature will require an Apple ID and password before the phone 's `` Find My iPhone '' feature can be turned off or any data can be erased .
At a keynote address opening its annual Worldwide Developers Conference , the company said the same ID and password will be needed to reactivate a device after it 's been remotely erased .
`` We think this is going to be a really powerful theft deterrent , '' said Craig Federighi , a senior vice president at Apple .
JUST WATCHED A look at Apple 's new operating system Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH A look at Apple 's new operating system 01:50
JUST WATCHED Is Apple regaining its shine ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is Apple regaining its shine ? 04:38
As mobile devices become more popular , stealing them has become a unique sort of crime that has law enforcement and government officials taking notice .
In New York , a special police unit has been created to deal with stolen mobile devices .
The overall crime rate in the city increased 3 % last year -- but `` if you subtracted just the increase in Apple product thefts , we would have had an overall decrease in crime in New York , '' Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said .
Advocates have been calling for so-called kill switch tools in all mobile devices for some time .
Apple 's announcement came the same week that George Gascon , the district attorney in tech hub San Francisco , plans to meet with the New York state attorney general and representatives of cell phone companies to discuss ways of discouraging mobile-device robberies .
In a letter last year to the Federal Communications Commission chairman , the wireless industry 's trade association released details of a voluntary effort to `` help law enforcement deter smartphone theft . ''
A major plank of that effort is the creation of a database for smartphones reported stolen . Phones on the database , which is scheduled to be up and running at the end of November , could not be activated and would not work on an LTE network in the United States .
Back in December , two of Gavin Thompson 's friends issued him a challenge : See how far he could stretch $ 150 for charity .
Challenge accepted , the frugal Ottawa mathematician set to work , and by the time he was done , he had multiplied the original sum by 10 .
Here 's one of Gavin Thompson 's receipts , which says he managed to save more than $ 900 . ( CBC News )
`` You really need to work points programs and coupons , and [ buy ] end-of-season stuff , especially , '' said Thompson , who wrapped up his challenge this week and discovered he had turned that initial $ 150 into more than $ 1,500 worth of goods for two local organizations .
The vast majority of the items Thompson procured during the challenge — coffee , canned food , toothpaste and other toiletries — went to two local charities : the Gloucester Emergency Food Cupboard and the Youville Centre .
Thompson told CBC Ottawa it 's really not hard to replicate his formula for getting the best deals from major chain stores .
The Youville Centre 's Heather Heagney says Gavin Thompson is 'just so passionate about what he does . ' ( Stu Mills/CBC )
Pharmacies , for instance , are often jammed with merchandise and do n't have much floor space to keep slow-selling products on the shelves , Thompson said . So they mark them down and try to unload them at a deep discount .
He also keeps a mental note of the best-before dates on key items he saw in stores , returning to grab them when they 're at their lowest price .
`` A case of baby formula is $ 27 to $ 30 . When it 's come close to , say , a month left , they 'll sell it to you for $ 3 sometimes . Three dollars a case ? I 'll buy it all . Some charity needs it , '' said Thompson .
There are also points programs .
`` I 've had situations before when I 've walked out of stores with hundreds of dollars worth of chocolate bars , '' he said .
`` And when you factor the points back into it , they 've paid me $ 30 to leave with [ those ] chocolate bars . ''
'He 's just so passionate '
Thompson has been buying discounted items for the Youville Centre — a local non-profit for adolescent mothers and their children — for the better part of a year , said Heather Heagney , who oversees communications and community development at the agency .
`` He 's really taken the time to look at our list of needed items for the young moms and the babies . He '' ll consult with us even before he goes shopping , '' said Heagney .
`` He 's just so passionate about what he does . It 's just very admirable to us that he takes the time and the effort . ''
As for Thompson , he acknowledges that talking about his shopping strategies might clue in the retail chains he deals with , but says spreading the word 's worth it .
`` I 'm hoping other people will pick this up and challenge themselves , '' said Thompson .
`` It 's a way to give things back to people who need it more than we do . ''
[ Haskell-cafe ] ANN : Haskell bindings for the igraph C library
Hi Haskellers , dear igraph community , I am pleased to announce the release of our ( inofficial ) Haskell bindings to the igraph C library . igraph is a powerfull library for creating and manipulating directed , undirected and weighted graphs . Our package offers a complete coverage of all functions on structural properties of graphs . Compared to the official packages for R and Python it is the first library that offers type level distinction between directed/undirected and weighted graphs . Haskells type system allows keeping track of the types of your nodes and whether or not your graph and its edges are directed or undirected , weighted or unweighted . Haskell graphs may contain any Haskell value as node values , kind of similar to Pythons attributes . igraph on hackage , the official package database for Haskell : http : //hackage.haskell.org/package/igraph ( requires the current igraph-0.6 C library ) The official igraph website : http : //igraph.sourceforge.net/index.html Until hackage generates the haddock documentation , the documentation is also available at : http : //hs.nils.cc/igraph-0.1/html/index.html Any feedback is appreciated , - Nils Schweinsberg - George Giorgidze
Government backs down over Newcastle inner-city building heights
Updated
Newcastle 's inner-city building heights have been on the radar at a budget estimates hearing , with state Planning Minister Rob Stokes saying he understands residents ' concerns .
The Newcastle Inner-City Residents Alliance has been worried about the future of development in Newcastle East .
The group fears efforts to raise building heights will destroy the heritage area and ruin the amenity .
Mr Stokes told yesterday 's hearing he has listened to their concerns .
`` I understood their concerns in relation to human scale , and also in relation to the heritage fabric of the east end , '' he said .
`` I think that I strongly agree that those are threshold considerations . ''
Mr Stokes said the government 's development arm UrbanGrowth is working towards resolving the issue .
`` I asked for UrbanGrowth to consider their requests in terms of their investigations , in terms of what developments they might put in , '' he said .
`` I certainly have sought that UrbanGrowth work with council to get a mutually agreeable outcome . ''
GPT and UrbanGrowth NSW have released concept plans for a major project , taking advantage of the new building heights .
The Property Council is urging Mr Stokes to clarify his comments regarding building heights , saying developers could be scared off investing in the city .
The council 's Hunter director Andrew Fletcher said he would be concerned if the goal posts are changed at such a late stage .
`` The concept plans , which have been put forward by UrbanGrowth and GPT for the east end , include significant enhancements to the public domain , and those plans are based on the building heights allowed , '' he said .
`` If they were to change , the developer would need to completely rethink the project and it would limit what they could provide in terms of public amenity . ''
Topics : urban-development-and-planning , newcastle-east-2300
First posted
Two New Logos for Arizona Coyotes Spotted
The Phoenix Coyotes announced recently that as of the upcoming off-season they would be re-branded as the Arizona Coyotes… this part of their plan to be more representative of the entire state/the city of Glendale told them to cut it out with this Phoenix nonsense or they 'll stop paying to keep them alive .
Recently launched was a website allowing Coyotes fans to purchase season tickets for the 2014-15 , their first as Arizona , and included on that site were a couple of graphics showing updated marks featuring the new name .
Nothing revolutionary , it was a matter of taking their existing “ Phoenix ” logos and substituting “ Arizona ” in its place…
We got the new shoulder patch , which the club announced would n't be seen until the 2014-15 pre-season . What was once a “ PHX ” is now an “ AZ ” :
Also seen was a new club wordmark , the one displayed on the site featured “ ARIZONA ” written in beige/sand , typically used exclusively for dark backgrounds . We 've updated it to be shown in brick , which is the preferred club method for application on light or white backgrounds :
At this point we 're assuming these are official new marks for the Coyotes next season… like , they probably are the new logos… but writing as someone who has actually worked for an official NHL team website in the past , it 's also plausible that these were just quick Photoshop jobs down by the Coyotes ' graphic designer for use on this website .
The primary mark will remain the same as this current season , the uniforms will also reportedly be exactly the same with the exception of the shoulder patch switching from “ PHX ” to “ AZ ” as seen earlier in this post .
`` The exits were entrances in disguise . '' — Shannon B. , writer , SMITHteens.com
When we launched SMITH Magazine on January 6 , 2006 ( National Smith Day , which we did n't invent , but latched on to ) the idea was to create a new kind of Web magazine . The content would be largely user-generated , then curated by people who edit things for a living . It would be a bold new blend of the professional and the amateur , fueled by our populist , participatory mission : `` Everyone has a story . ''
We wanted a Web magazine . Four years later , we 've got something much better : an online community . And it was all a happy accident .
Back in the fall of 2006 , one of our interns had an idea : she wanted to travel across the country with a friend and meet all her online buddies from an arty social network called Consummating.com . We called it the `` In Real Life '' project — and visions of a reality TV show danced in our heads . The two young writers would drive across the U.S. finding adventures , picking up work as needed , crashing with virtual friends `` IRL , '' and videoblogging the whole experience . They were up for anything . On day three , their car broke down , one blogged that the other one was being a bitch , someone said something ugly about the other 's mom , and that was it . They bailed . Game over .
Suddenly we had to fill a big hole on the front page of SMITHmag.net . We quickly popped in a new idea we had been kicking around : giving Hemingway 's legendary six-word novel ( `` For sale : baby shoes , never worn '' ) a personal twist . We combined the classic storytelling challenge with our passion for nonfiction confessionals and dubbed it `` Six-Word Memoirs . '' Then we called up some guys we met at a tech conference about this new thing called Twitter and asked if they wanted to partner up to send one daily short life story to anyone who followed our @ smithmag feed .
Four years and more than 200,000 six-word memoirs later , we continue to be blown away by what people are capable of saying in just six words , the ways that others have adapted the form , and — not to get all Chicken Soup-y here — the unexpected little gems and gifts that launching this project has brought into our lives .
SPONSORED
There are the teens . We gave teenagers their own six-word site to collect memoirs for the all-teen six-word memoir book I Ca n't Keep My Own Secrets . But , within days , it was out of our hands : SMITHteens belongs to Anna in New Zealand , Ebony in Australia , Mike in Queens , Laura in D.C. , and the dozens of others who log in daily to document and share their lives . To these writers , a memoir does n't need to encapsulate a whole life , but a fleeting feeling , a gym period or a first kiss . They have each other 's phone numbers and Skype screen names ; they make videos for birthdays and send original poems to brighten a bad day . They fly to meet online friends , and introduce school friends to their secret world .
Whether they use the six-word form for something as simple as decorating a dorm room or as significant as educating about a rare disease , they 've made it something more powerful than we imagined .
Six-Word Memoirs by Teens : The Video from SMITHmag on Vimeo .
There are the teachers . In classrooms from kindergarten to graduate school , educators have found the six-word memoir an inspiring writing lesson . From a third-grade classroom in New Jersey , we heard `` Life is better in soft pajamas '' and one student 's precocious Zen observation : `` Tried surfing on a calm day . '' In Charleston , South Carolina , a creative writing teacher named Junius Wright makes a series of six-word memoir videos with his students each year .
There are the adults . Google Alerts are a wonderful thing . It 's how we learned that a spinning instructor in Newport , Kentucky , was yelling six-word memoirs to pump up his class ; a convention of computer security experts held their own six-word contest ( `` Never Let A Breach Happen Again '' ; `` Obsessive Worrying — is the door locked ? `` ; `` My personal heroes ? Ones and Zeros '' just to give you a taste ) ; and a blog about RVs got 51 submissions for a call for `` Six Words about Your RV Life . ''
Week after week , people got in touch with us directly about how much the form meant to them . A woman named Abby sent us six-word memoirs from her teen patients at a psychiatric hospital in Forest Park , Illinois . Jolene , a nurse in Oakland , California , wrote to tell us this story about a patient with leukemia :
I was taking care of this 21 yr old guy who has had Leukemia since he 's been 8 yrs old . He 's pretty debilitated , is wasting away right now — a very sad case . I brought in your book and asked him to come up w/ his own 6-word memoir . He thought about it for about 2 minutes ( mind you before that i could barely get him to engage w/ me , he was extremely depressed as you can imagine ) . He then just blurted out : `` Fat man eats pie then farts . '' It 's a metaphor for life you see , we indulge ourselves then we die .
Back at SMITH , a contributor who goes by the screen name `` Miandering '' documented her year of traveling the globe in a series of more than 100 six-word memoirs submitted one by one : `` Sticky rice at every meal . Yum '' ( a great start in Thailand ) to `` Wet flip-flops . Shiny linoleum . Bad combination . '' ( a tough break in Malaysia ) . She continues to travel , and the memoirs keep coming in , diary-like , six words at a time .
At an event with The Rumpus and McSweeney 's in NYC last spring , we had a few dozen brave six-word memoirists create a wave of short-short storytelling , in front of 300 people , and on the same stage writer Amy Tan and singer Amanda Palmer had been on a few minutes earlier .
There are the celebrities . We love having Sarah Silverman 's hilarious six-word memoir ( and wo n't repeat it in this family-friendly space ) and Malcolm Gladwell 's ironic one ( `` Father : ‘ Anything but journalism . ' I rebelled . `` ) , but admittedly have the softest spot for memoirists we 've long admired , and now have an excuse to contact . When we emailed J.R. Moehringer , author of The Tender Bar , he was kind and responsive , but said he was deep in the middle of a book and it might take him a while , and , `` What was the final , final deadline ? '' Sure , it 's only six words , but we 've come to see just exactly how seriously writers famous and obscure alike take their words . Four months and three email reminders later , J.R. submitted his short-short life story : `` Say when , childhood whispered , pouring , spilling . '' It was worth the wait .
Another wait that meant the world to us was for a man who reinvigorated the long-form memoir in the '90s . We had been chasing Frank McCourt since we started putting together our first collection , Not Quite What I Was Planning : Six-Word Memoirs by Writers Famous and Obscure . For years , no luck . Then on a Sunday morning in late March , Larry woke up to find an email from an address he did n't recognize . Subject line : DEEP SIX .
And then :
Larry : Here is my half dozen .
`` Miserable childhood leads to royalties . ''
Frank McCourt
Larry was elated , then realized : it 's only five words ! A note was emailed back , hoping he 'd respond , yet freaking out in case that one email was going to be all we got from Frank . He wrote back right away :
I thought I 'd get away with it . ( `` Brevity is the soul of wit , '' said that English bard . ) So… `` The miserable childhood… ''
Frank
Sometimes , there 's even God . In an op-ed column in a paper in a small town in northern Ontario , Rev . Dr. Bill Steadman suggested the faithful distill their beliefs by using the form to ask themselves `` What Would Jesus Do ? …if asked to write a six-word memoir . '' Priests and rabbis alike have suggested their congregations try six-word prayers . `` While there is no ‘ right ' way to pray , '' explained Rev . D. Geoffrey Taylor in a sermon he sent us , `` sometimes trying a new way to voice our prayers to God can be a good way to help us focus on what it is we really want from God . So here goes : Write down your own six-word prayers . ''
And when you have the six bug like we do , you can hear six-word stories , phrases , and memoirs across a crowded room , or even see them across the street .
With each submission to SMITH or SMITHteens , and each way a new person reinvents the form , our collective six-word memoir story grows bigger , deeper and richer .
Books are wonderful , and you should definitely buy them all , but books are just a beginning . For us , the magic happens when you put down our latest Six-Word Memoir book , It All Changed in an Instant , and are inspired to call your mother , text a friend , or even pick up a pen and start writing .
We are products of the Paleolithic age , a period of many thousands of years in which the Homo species developed the unique adaptations that make them human . In the Paleolithic period we lived in small tribes . The information we had was limited . But it was reliable . When a fellow tribesman came running into camp with word that another tribe was about to attack , we had a pretty good idea of how real and how important that information was . We grabbed our spears .
Now , we have a lot more of a different kind of information for which our Paleolithic brains are not well adapted . It is high in quantity , low in quality . Nietzsche referred to it as ‘ wissen . ' As opposed to ‘ erfahrung , ' – direct , personal , particular knowledge – wissen refers to ‘ what everyone knows ' ; like we might know that America has a problem with violence or we might know that Berlusconi is a rascal or that Abraham Lincoln loved the slaves . It 's the stuff you read in the newspapers and hear on TV .
Until the invention of TV , radio and the Internet , the volume of this ‘ public information , ' as I like to call it was only a fraction of what we get today . Just recently , a New York Times article estimated that the typical American receives as many as 5,000 advertising messages every day .
Advertising , news , opinions , data of all sorts—it is remarkable how much more we “ know ” today than we used to . In 2013 , we knew , for example , that the unemployment rate was above 7 % . We knew Iran posed a threat to our safety . We knew education was the way to get ahead . We knew the Republicans were trying to block tax increases and that global warming could tip the world into a climatic disaster . Joe Jones , running for the office of Sheriff , was a ‘ friend of the people . ' LavaX – a cleaning product – would leave your tub “ as clean as an operating table. ” But what did all these things mean ? Were these things even true ? Did anyone know ? Was there any way of knowing for sure ?
Like infectious social diseases , public information is made possible by modern , large-scale life . Millions of people can now have a conversation about something none of them really knows anything about . It can be fun . But it can lead to serious itching , or as I call it , ‘ public thinking . '
At an investment conference in 2002 , a guy came up to me making conversation . 9/11 was fresh in our minds . And the Bush Administration was pushing for an invasion of Iraq .
“ I guess we 'll have to go in and clean that place up , ” he said .
A million nuances , an infinite number of real ‘ facts ' based on experience and direct observation , a whole universe of assumptions , misapprehensions , muddled thinking , all reduced to a single phrase . And that , there , is ‘ public thinking . '
Had he ever been to Iraq ? Had he ever met an Iraqi ? Did he speak the language ? Where was the detailed , specific , precise real knowledge that you would need to make sense of it all ? What , exactly , was unclean about Iraq ? And how would this lack of hygiene be scrubbed up by a foreign invasion ?
Constructing a public policy out of public thinking is like building a skyscraper out of marshmallows . The higher you go , the squishier it gets . Because the information blocks themselves are not solid . Instead , they are combinations of theory , interpretation , guesswork , spin , hunch and prejudice .
It takes a certain kind of brain to appreciate the emptiness of public information . Most of us are too earnest , which is to say most people are better adapted to the time in which they evolved . Most of us have stone-age brains . We regard all information as though it is rock hard . When Colin Powell told the world that the Iraqis had ‘ weapons of mass destruction , ' most people — trapped in the noise of modern life — believed him . They took it as information of the same quality as the alarm sounded by the fellow who ran into camp warning of an imminent attack .
‘ Public information ' contributes in an important way to hormegeddon . Like sugar , human consumption of news and information has soared since the 18th century . Both sugar and public information are tasty in small quantities . But eating large quantities of sugar rots your teeth and may give you diabetes . It is also self-perpetuating , as eating sugary food takes away your appetite for real food . So too with public information , your ability to make good decisions rots as your appetite for useful information decreases .
Public information is the stuff on which our governments , our social programs , our wars , and our money ( including fiscal and monetary policies ) now depend . It is the body of facts with which our consent is informed . It is the faux-granite upon which our public policies – involving trillions of dollars and interfering with countless private plans – are erected . And like everything else , public information obeys the rule of declining marginal utility . A little may be a good thing . But ‘ too much ' leads to trouble . It gives you the impression that you know something that is really unknowable . Phony knowledge then leads to foolish action . Soon , you are on the road to hormegeddon .
On Wednesday , a city-guided tour of KeyArena provided media and potential developers a close look at the former Sonics home . But it 's fair to wonder if traffic , parking and site questions can be solved .
There was a stroll through the kitchen , a stop in the green room , and a view of the court from a suite . There were some history lessons , some architectural musings , and a walk past the buildings nearby .
For nearly two hours Wednesday , a City of Seattle-guided tour of KeyArena provided media a detailed look at every nook and cranny of the Sonics ' former home . But it did n't provide answers as to how the site could work as a modern-day NBA and NHL venue .
And you have to wonder if those answers will ever come .
Two weeks ago , Mayor Ed Murray and the City of Seattle issued a Request For Proposals ( RFP ) to renovate KeyArena , and as part of the process , gave potential bidders a formal tour . As a result , representatives from The Oak View Group and Anschutz Entertainment Group ( AEG ) were on the Seattle Center site with media in tow .
However , given that an overhaul to the facility would be a nine-figure investment , it 's safe to say this was n't the first time members from either group had taken a detailed look at the building and its peripheral structures . These developers have seen KeyArena before , but the question is — what do they see in KeyArena ?
No , I am not trying to dismiss the project with that query . When grand-slam hitters such as AEG and Oak View are involved , completely writing off the viability of a renovation would be as arrogant as it would be irresponsible . An AECOM report in June of 2015 suggested KeyArena could be modernized for $ 285 million . But that report has n't done much to quell criticism of the renovation — and those critics ' questions are valid .
For instance : How would the revitalized arena accommodate parking ? Garages that surrounded the Key during the Sonics days have since been replaced by housing and other businesses . Just going to a Storm or Seattle University basketball game these days can be a challenge for non-pedestrians , and those events typically draw , at best , less than half of what an NBA or NHL team would .
There also is n't a light rail stop or freeway exit within a mile of the arena , and as most of us know , Mercer Street traffic is nightmarish whether there is an event at KeyArena or not . So how does one solve the transportation woes ?
“ In our RFP , we 've been very clear that we expect innovative proposals from potential bidders on the transportation , ” said Brian Surratt , director of Seattle 's Office of Economic Development .
Translation : Let those guys figure it out .
There are other questions , too . Can a building that 's more than 200,000 square feet smaller than the smallest arena in the NBA be renovated to meet modern standards ?
If the NBA does eventually expand , is there an ownership group that would bring a team to KeyArena ? And given that nobody knows if or when the KeyArena roof will be declared a historic landmark , can a definitive proposal be written ?
As of now , the city asks that potential developers present a Plan A and Plan B based on whether the roof will be preserved , but considering that could mean the difference between tearing the building down or not , it 's sort of like writing a song not knowing if it 's going to be for Adele or Eminem . That 's a lot of uncertainty .
What is certain is this : 1 ) It 's in our local government 's best interest to preserve KeyArena — a city-owned property — and find a way to make it relevant . 2 ) The proposal from Chris Hansen — who 's partnered with Wally Walker , Peter and Erik Nordstrom and Russell Wilson — to privately fund a Sodo arena is likely putting pressure on the city to act quickly .
Does that mean KeyArena ca n't work ? No , it does n't mean that . As I said earlier , some of the biggest names in sports entertainment are looking hard at this project , and they would n't be wasting their time if they did n't see potential . But there are still myriad questions about KeyArena that have n't been answered . There are still doubts that have n't been mitigated .
Who knows — perhaps any concerns about the viability of this renovation will disappear by April 12 , the due date for proposals . Maybe previous skepticism will seem silly when an ingenious plan comes to light .
But after the city gave a tour of present-day KeyArena Wednesday , it 's perfectly fair to wonder whether it will ever give a tour of a renovated one .
Alaska Railroad is celebrating the National Park Service 's centennial with a new , eight-day tour this summer of four of Alaska 's most spectacular parks .
Alaska 's National Parks by Rail trains will visit Gates of the Artic National Park and Preserve , Denali National Park and Preserve , Lake Clark National Park and Preserve and Kenai Fjords National Park . The tour involves travel along the entire length of the railroad 's main line .
Excursions along the way include flightseeing over the Arctic Circle , cruising Alaska 's coastal waters , fly-in bear viewing and a full day of wildlife viewing in Denali National Park and Preserve .
Alaska 's National Parks by Rail runs from June 2 to Aug. 25 . Prices start at $ 3,140 per person .
In addition , from Feb. 23 through the end of March , the Alaska Railroad is expanding its Aurora Winter Train service between Anchorage and Fairbanks . Trains will travel north from Anchorage to Fairbanks on Tuesday and travel south from Fairbanks to Anchorage on Wednesday . Service also is available weekends .
By expanding midweek service to Fairbanks , visitors and locals alike will better be able to enjoy events such as the BP World Ice Art Championships or take a trip to the Chena Hot Springs Resort for a soak under the Northern Lights .
The Dallas Mavericks announced Thursday that forward Jeremy Evans underwent shoulder surgery and will miss the remainder of the season . The surgery was to repair a torn labrum in his right shoulder .
Since joining the Mavs as a free agent in the summer of 2015 , Evans has struggled to find playing time . The former dunk contest champion has appeared in just 30 games , starting two , for a total of 251 minutes . He 's averaging 2.4 points and 1.8 rebounds per game .
Early indications that he may be used as a small ball center never panned out and Evans spent time this season in Frisco playing for the Mavericks ' D-League affiliate the Texas Legends . Evans , now a six year veteran , requested to be sent to the D-League to work on his game .
Losing Evans wo n't dramatically impact the team . He is out of Rick Carlisle 's rotation .
Evans is making the veterans minimum with Dallas and has one year left on his contract with the team . Here 's hoping that he comes back healthy next season and earns a spot in the rotation .
GENEVA — Amid fears of escalating violence in eastern Ukraine , the United Nations called on Tuesday for action to counter misinformation and hate speech used as propaganda and urged the authorities in Crimea to account for killings , torture and arbitrary arrests in the buildup to the March referendum that led to its annexation by Russia .
“ Facts on the ground need to be established to help reduce the risk of radically different narratives being exploited for political ends , ” the United Nations ' high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay , said in a statement released with a report on human rights in Ukraine and Crimea , which until last month was an autonomous region of Ukraine .
“ People need a reliable point of view to counter what has been widespread misinformation and also speech that aims to incite hatred on national , religious or racial grounds , ” she added .
The United Nations report came as Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev of Russia , on a visit to Crimea , said in a post on Facebook that eastern Ukraine was “ on the brink of civil war . ”
Outside of Trump Tower , Manafort 's resignation does n't worry supporters
Randy and Erin Sherron , who are visiting from North Carolina , pose outside of Trump Tower . ( Photo11 : Eliza Collins , USA TODAY )
NEW YORK — As the story of Donald Trump 's campaign shakeup dominated the talk inside Trump Tower , his supporters outside the landmark building did n't seem to know — or really care — that campaign chairman Paul Manafort resigned Friday .
“ It does n't matter who ( Manafort ) is , in my opinion , '' said Erin Sherron , a vacationing 53-year-old dental hygienist and Trump supporter from Greensboro , N.C. “ I do n't know all the ins and outs , but Donald Trump is still the one running for president . So whoever is gon na take their place ... should have the same beliefs ... to support ( Trump ) and get him where he needs to be . ”
Brian Watkins , a 35-year-old stay-at-home dad and registered Republican from Houston , was also on vacation and had n't heard about Manafort .
“ And as far as caring — not so much , '' said Watkins , who is considering voting for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson . `` I think as crazy as he ( Trump ) is , he probably has a lot of turnover . ''
Does the fact that Trump 's campaign has turnover less than three months before the election mean anything ?
“ In today 's world , I do n't know , '' Watkins said . `` It seems like everything is a flash in the pan when it comes to a news story . Everybody cares about it for a day and then it disappears . ''
Andrew Brennan , 21 , is wearing a hat printed with the words of Trump 's campaign slogan : `` Make America Great Again . '' He 's in town from Bergen County , N.J. with his friend , Ryan Vandervalk . They came to Trump Tower on Brennan 's last day of summer vacation before he heads back to college . He knew about Manafort 's resignation but said it does n't really worry him .
Manafort 's resignation came as stories continue to pour out about his ties to Ukraine . It also followed a staff shakeup in which Trump added two top campaign advisers : Breitbart News executive Stephen Bannon and conservative pollster Kellyanne Conway .
“ I guess they 're trying to reboot or something , '' Brennan said . `` It seems like his stuff the past few days has been well-received . And I think his new manager is female , which is kind of exciting , I guess , for some people . ''
Brennan said he thinks Manafort 's resignation could help spin coverage away from the controversy over his ties to Ukraine .
“ It 's probably a good move , and I 'm sure he 'll continue to work with Trump , maybe in an informal role , '' he said .
Vandervalk said no matter what happens with internal campaign politics , Trump has it under control .
“ At first I was a little bit surprised by what was going on , '' he said . `` But I think Donald , he knows what he 's doing , he 's got it under control . So I trust his judgment . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2bIwv48
Adrian Peterson Is Taking His Time , but Will New England Wait for Him ?
What do Adrian Peterson and ‘ Tom and Jerry ' have in common ? A lot more than you might think
Kenneth Wilson Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 9 , 2017
Pro Football Talk
Adrian Peterson is still a free agent . At an initial asking price of reportedly $ 8 million per year , is anyone surprised ? This comes after Peterson had the worst season of his illustrious and undoubtedly HOF career , but he is nowhere near the guy that once rushed for 2,000 yards and carried a Vikings franchise . Peterson is hitting the trail , shaking hands , and figuratively kissing — well , not babies in hopes of gaining a job that resembles a decent salary . But will he get something he deems respectable ? I ca n't say on the monetary end of things but at this point in his career considering the money he has earned and accolades he has accomplished , is n't it time to chase a championship ?
Hello , Bill Belichick . Hello , Tom Brady . Hello , New England Patriots . ‘ All Day ' can take as many visits as he wants and desires , but there is one place that is undoubtedly better for him that any other — Foxborough , Massachusetts .
For The Win
As mentioned earlier , Peterson has had a 2,000 yard rushing seasons on his way to over 11,700 total career rushing yards . However , last year and in only 3 games Peterson rushed for a career low 72 yards . Peterson rushed for three more yards , 75 total in 2014 , where he played in 2 fewer games . What this does say , however , is that Peterson has lost a step and needs more help from those around him to be as successful as he would like . There is no better person at giving this assistance than Bill Belichick .
Along with his non-stop learning , game planning ability , and undying love for the game of football , what sets Bill Belichick apart is his way to manipulate players . It sounds a lot dirtier than it actually is , but it covers the broad range of his capabilities . In one example you can look no further than one of last year 's breakout stars , Chris Hogan . Although Hogan was famous for playing college lacrosse before football , and actually playing in the league for a few years , he became a different and more explosive player under the tutelage of Belichick .
U.S. Lacrosse Magazine
Another of the most vivid examples and one that fits exactly with the subject is the way he uses his RB 's , and more specifically what LeGarrette Blount was able to accomplish just last year alone . To address the above part by part , the committee element is important because it not only allows for the best to be pulled out of AP whenever he is on the field but also accounts for his shortcomings . We have all heard about these shortcomings in recent weeks , with the most glaring being his lack of “ want to ” or his overall pass blocking ability . The “ LeGarrette Blount ” element is important because the two of them , Blount and Peterson , are really similar backs . They are both tall , big backs , although Peterson is an inch taller and about 20 pounds lighter . They share a similar running styles in that they would both rather plant and get vertical through the middle although they can attack horizontally and/or around the edges . Proof , you say ? Blount rushed for 18 touchdowns last year and almost 1,200 yards himself . His closest season production wise was his rookie year in 2010 , where he rushed for 6 touchdowns and just over 1,000 yards .
MassLive.com
What we are now watching is a classic case of “ Cat and Mouse ” with Peterson maneuvering strategically in hopes of drawing his desired response from an NFL organization . The big deal here , though , is that there is no way of knowing which organization that could be . But there is one thing for certain here ; Peterson already knows where he wants to be . He should be looking for jewelry ( if you know what I mean ) , so his best choice again is New England .
There is no way in particular to say where Peterson wants to land . He left the Patriots last week without a deal and has a meeting set up with New Orleans in the coming week . Reports say he may even have other meetings on the way as he continues to play the waiting game . Although it dates back to the early 11th century and was made popular by one of the great theatrical pieces of all-time , House Party 2 , one of my favorite quotes is “ time waits for no man. ” Take heed , Mr. Peterson . Bill Belichick is the hand of time — do n't make him wait .
The Archbishop then questioned the biblical idea of a “ promised land ” set aside by a specific group of people .
`` We Christians can not speak of the promised land as an exclusive right for a privileged Jewish people , ” Bustros continued . `` This promise was nullified by Christ . There is no longer a chosen people – all men and women of all countries have become the chosen people . ''
Bustros led the group that drafted the synod 's concluding statement on Israel and the Palestinians .
The controversial comments came at the conclusion of a two-week Vatican conference assembled to discuss the plight of Christians in the Middle East .
Pope Benedict XVI was in attendance at the synod and celebrated Mass in St. Peter 's Cathedral on Sunday with the bishops .
Israel responds
On Sunday , Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon criticized the concluding statement of the conference , saying the forum has been “ hijacked by an anti-Israeli majority . ''
`` We express our disappointment that this important synod has become a forum for political attacks on Israel in the best history of Arab propaganda , '' Ayalon said in a statement . `` The synod was hijacked by an anti-Israel majority . ''
Ayalon then called on the Vatican to distance itself from the comments , which the Israeli official said amounted to “ libel . ”
`` We call on the Vatican to distance themselves from Archbishop Bustros ' comments which are a libel against the Jewish People and the State of Israel and should not be construed as the Vatican 's official position , '' the foreign minister said in his statement . `` These outrageous comments should not cast a shadow over the important relationship between the Vatican , the state of Israel and the Jewish people . ''
The Palestinian Authority , however , praised Bustros ' comments .
`` Israel can not use the biblical concept of a promised land or chosen people to justify new settlements in Jerusalem or Israeli territorial claims , '' Saeb Erakat , a spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , said in a statement released Sunday .
Erakat said the synod sent `` a clear a message to the government of Israel that it may not claim that Jerusalem is an exclusively Israeli city . ''
`` The Palestinian people will thus have an independent and sovereign homeland where they can live with dignity and security , '' the statement continued optimistically . `` The State of Israel will be able to enjoy peace and security within their internationally recognized borders . ''
`` The Holy City of Jerusalem will be able to acquire its proper status , which respects its particular character , its holiness and the religious patrimony of the three religions : Jewish , Christian and Muslim , '' it said . `` We hope that the two-state-solution might become a reality and not a dream only . ''
Pope Benedict XVI first called for a two-state solution to the Middle East crisis during a visit to the region in May 2009 when he voiced the Vatican 's support of a sovereign Palestinian homeland . At the time , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was opposed to a two-state solution .
The Vatican , however , eager to boost its sagging popularity worldwide , noted during the synod that only 2.1 per cent of those living in Israel are Christian , who continue to be outnumbered by high Jewish and Muslim birthrates .
The Catholic Church also mentioned conflict , religious discrimination and economic woes as the cause of its shrinking influence in the Middle East .
No sign of apology
The Vatican in January blamed Israel not only for the exodus of Christians from Palestinian-controlled territories , but for the plight of Christians across the entire Middle East .
The statement , which served as the basis for the latest Vatican synod , was also authored by Arab bishops from the Middle East , who argued that Israel 's `` occupation '' of Arab-claimed lands is the root cause of most of the oppression suffered by Christians in the region .
They suggested that in the absence of an `` occupation , '' radical Islamic forces across the Middle East would lose their support base , and stop causing problems for Christians .
The Vatican said they were not trying to take sides in the issue , but that the Arab bishops “ know the situation well . ”
This is not the first time of late that religious tensions have boiled over between the adherents of Judaism and Christianity .
Earlier this year , the Catholic Church became suddenly embroiled in a string of pedophile cases , some of them dating back many years . Some inside of the Catholic Church saw a “ Jewish conspiracy ” behind the reports .
Cardinal Oscar Andres Rodriguez Meridiaga , the archbishop of Honduras , said there was something curious about the media 's timing of the revelations , coming as they did as the conflict in the Middle East was heating up .
`` It certainly makes me think that in a moment in which all the attention of the mass media was focused on the Middle East , all the many injustices done against the Palestinian people , the print media and the TV in the United States became obsessed with sexual scandals that happened 40 years ago , 30 years ago… ''
L'Osservatore Romano , the Vatican 's daily newspaper , criticized what it said was a `` clear and despicable intention '' by the media to strike at Benedict `` at any cost . ''
American lawyer Alan Dershowitz , a well known defender of Israeli interests , called the Cardinal 's assertions a “ cockamamie theory ” and “ blood libels , ” while arguing that much of the criticism ( concerning the pedophile cases ) “ comes from disappointed Catholics . ”
Strange how two religions that emerged from the same seed are so committed to dragging each other down at every opportunity .
Robert Bridge , RT
History books traditionally depict the pre-Columbus Americas as a pristine wilderness where small native villages lived in harmony with nature . But scientific evidence tells a very different story : When Columbus stepped ashore in 1492 , millions of people were already living there . America was n't exactly a New World , but a very old one whose inhabitants had built a vast infrastructure of cities , orchards , canals and causeways .
The English brought honeybees to the Americas for honey , but the bees pollinated orchards along the East Coast . Thanks to the feral honeybees , many of the plants the Europeans brought , like apples and peaches , proliferated . Some 12,000 years ago , North American mammoths , ancient horses , and other large mammals vanished . The first horses in America since the Pleistocene era arrived with Columbus in 1493 .
Settlers in the Americas told of rivers that had more fish than water . The South American potato helped spark a population explosion in Europe . In 1491 , the Americas had few domesticated animals , and used the llama as their beast of burden .
In 1491 , more people lived in the Americas than in Europe . The first conquistadors were sailors and adventurers . In 1492 , the Americas were not a pristine wilderness but a crowded and managed landscape . The now barren Chaco Canyon was once covered with vegetation . Along with crops like wheat , weeds like dandelion were brought to America by Europeans .
It 's believed that the domestication of the turkey began in pre-Columbian Mexico , and did not exist in Europe in 1491 . By 1500 , European settlers and their plants and animals had altered much of the Americas ' landscape . While beans , potatoes , and maize from the Americas became major crops in continental Europe .
BAKERSFIELD , Calif. -- An unarmed 73-year-old with dementia who was shot and killed by police early Monday was struck nine times , the man 's son said in a video posted to Facebook . However , police say the son is “ misinformed . ”
The officer was answering a report of a man brandishing a handgun around 12:30 a.m. in Bakersfield , Calif . When a witness pointed to Francisco Serna , who was standing in a neighbor 's driveway , one officer fired and killed him , Bakersfield police spokesman Sgt . Gary Carruesco told CBS Bakersfield affiliate KBAK-TV .
No gun was turned up in a search of the scene , Carruesco said .
“ Right across the street is where the police shot my father with nine bullets to his body , ” a man the Los Angeles Times identifies as Rogelio Serna says in the video . “ My dad was not armed . ”
Carruesco said in an email to CBS News ' Crimesider he ca n't yet say how many times Francisco Serna was struck or how many rounds the officer fired , but said his son is “ misinformed. ” A coroner was expected to complete an autopsy to determine a cause and manner of death .
Carruesco was awaiting interviews with officers to be completed before releasing more information to the media .
Rogelio Serna told the paper his father had been suffering from delusions and other early signs of dementia that had appeared to be getting worse in the past month . His father often took late-night walks alone to tire himself out , he said .
Serna 's son said his father had worked at a cotton gin in California 's Central Valley until retiring about a dozen years ago .
“ My dad did not own a gun . He was a 73-year-old retired grandpa , just living life , ” Rogelio Serna told the Los Angeles Times . “ He should have been surrounded by family at old age , not surrounded by bullets . ”
Family told KBAK-TV that Serna lived with his wife and one of their daughters .
Police had visited the house twice before because his confused father activated a medical alarm , Rogelio Serna said .
Officials told KBAK-TV that the officer who shot Serna is on administrative leave . Their name has not been made public at this time .
Microsoft released the Desktop App Converter ( DAC ) several months ago , which enables you to bring your existing desktop apps written for .NET 4.6.1 or Win32 to the Universal Windows Platform ( UWP ) . And DAC is also available in Windows Store now .
The tool makes the conversion process quite easy and help you determine what minor changes , if any , are required .
We are glad to see many developers proactively start the process and successfully converted their converted desktop apps to the Windows 10 platform and release it to the Windows Store , which is visible by 400+ million devices are running Windows 10 today , and releasing to the Store is a great way to increase the exposure of the apps .
However , we also noticed there are two common questions on the process :
A. I converted this app successfully , it works quite well , but seems no way to directly published to Windows Store ?
B . It 's so cool ! But the converting requires downloading big image ( 3.5G+ ) and setup specific environments , I do n't have time to quickly give a try yet……
There are also other questions related to preparations , how to step further to add some code and make the app use UWP API , this can be explained in some reference links , here I want to give direct ideas on above two questions A & B .
Regarding question A , after you decide to publish your converted App ( if converted app does n't work , that 's okay ) to Windows Store , please submit a request to us through this form link :
https : //developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/projects/campaigns/desktop-bridge
Our Application Consult team will help you to see if there is any real technical block of the converted app , if the converted app works well as APPX package , then the team will help you create a specific store account to publish the App . We need specific store account here because the converted app requires “ runFullTrust ” capability , this is the reason you can not directly publish it .
Regarding question B , I 'm glad to let you know that I created “ Desktop Bridge Online ( beta ) ” service on Azure recently , which can help developers to upload and convert the App online ( internally through a Windows service wrapping Desktop App Converter ) quickly ( several clicks and filename inputs ) . Here is it :
https : //bridge10.azurewebsites.net
This service may not cover all complicated installation converting scenarios , but will be quite help as an alternative option for common scenarios .
The result will be a zip file includes converted files , test certificate , and package analysis file . At the moment the App installer file size is limited to 500MB . If your installer is above the file size , encourage setup the local converting environment . Here is the main UI :
The convert options follow the parameters guide of DAC :
Hopefully the information and new tool can make our developers experience better on the App converting . Any feedback feel free to let me know .
Welcome to UWP world and happy coding !
More Useful References from Windows App Consult Team
https : //blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/appconsult/2016/10/13/desktop-bridge-the-bridge-between-win32-apps-and-the-universal-windows-platform/
https : //blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/appconsult/2016/10/17/desktop-bridge-converting-an-installer/
Thanks
Freist Li
ATHENS — Georgia kicker Rodrigo Blankenship and his family have been told that the place-kicker will not be put on scholarship until next school year at the earliest , and even that is not a guarantee .
Head coach Kirby Smart informed the player and his father of that at a meeting Monday , according to someone close to the situation .
Blankenship is still planning to remain with the team , according to his older brother , Ken Blankenship , who was not in Monday 's meeting , but has since spoken to his father .
“ He loves the team . But even more than ever he is so proud to be a contributing member of this team . He loves the Dawgs . He is not leaving the university . He is not going anywhere . He wants nothing more than to be part of it , ” Ken Blankenship said . “ He 's staying , in kind of confused and disappointed state . ”
Rodrigo Blankenship 's father , also named Ken , said in October that because of his financial situation that if his son was not put on scholarship by UGA , he would likely transfer . ( Rodrigo , for his part , said back then that he was “ just trying to focus on the things that I can control right now . ” )
If Georgia put Blankenship on scholarship right away – for the spring semester – it would count against the team 's 2017 signing class . For that reason , it 's actually rare for teams to award scholarships to walk-on midway through the school year .
A team spokesman said no one from the football program was available to speak Tuesday .
Despite no scholarship guarantee , the family is now inclined to try to make it work . Ken Blankenship Sr. declined to comment , but Ken Jr. said the family was still upset about no scholarship being guaranteed .
“ We think he has earned it already , ” Ken Blankenship said . “ My brother as a walk-on is being treated like a walk-on who did n't even get on the field , or for only a few downs . But he led the team in scoring . ”
Ken Blankenship said he also understood that Georgia is up against the NCAA scholarship limit of 85 . But he also said he felt his brother had earned the right this past season to be guaranteed one of those 85 spots .
“ You take care of your own , ” Ken Blankenship said . “ You take care of those in your family that take care of you . And you show them in return that you reward the hard work of your inner family with what they deserve . ”
Rodrigo Blankenship , a redshirt freshman who took over as the main place-kicker in the third game of the season , finished 14-for-17 on field goals and perfect on all 26 extra point attempts . Ken Blankenship also pointed out his brother did that without being the place-kicker the first few games , but was named to the All-SEC freshman team .
It was n't all great : Blankenship ranked eighth in the SEC in kickoffs , averaging 62.2 yards per kickoff .
Self-described as quirky , Blankenship became a feel-good story after kicking the game-winning field goal at Kentucky , and then doing a postgame television interview with his helmet on .
( He did a subsequent mid-week interview with his helmet on again . )
Smart was non-committal in early November when asked about the situation .
“ We determine that kind of stuff like at the end of the year , ” Smart said . “ We look at the whole and kind of where we 're at and go through recruiting . We 're obviously in hot pursuit of good specialists because that 's an area we 've got to improve on . But that will be based off how he finishes up , the whole picture , where we are . He 's certainly done a great job and has gained a lot of confidence , which I 'm fired up about . ”
Spread the love
Albuquerque , NM — Albuquerque , New Mexico is home to some of the world 's most dangerous cops . After a recent federal appeals court ruling this week , the world now knows why they are likely never held accountable . In typical police state fashion , the court upheld the arrest and charges of a 13-year-old child — for burping in class .
In what sounds like a piece from the Onion , the 10th circuit court of appeals ruled that the cop who arrested the child and the school staff were entitled to ‘ immunity ' from any lawsuit filed against them on behalf of the child . The law the court cited in their ruling prohibits anyone from interfering with the educational process .
The original incident happened in May of 2011 at Albuquerque 's Cleveland Middle School . After repeatedly burping in class , instead of simply disciplining the child , the school called the cops . The 13-year-old boy , who was in 7th grade at the time , was then searched , arrested , handcuffed , and brought to jail — for burping .
After being held in a juvenile detention center for over an hour , his mother was finally informed that her son had been arrested .
The boy 's mother filed a lawsuit rightfully arguing that her her son 's arrest was unlawful and resulted in excessive force . However , thanks to the insanity of the legal system , she has no recourse against the school officials or the cop who kidnapped her son for burping .
“ At worst , [ the boy ] was being a class-clown and engaged in behavior that would have subjected generations of school boys to an after-school detention , writing lines , or a call to his parents , ” a complaint filed by her attorneys said . However , instead of using these normal means of discipline , the school opted for the barrel of a gun .
The Guardian reports ,
According to the school , the boy was in physical education class when his teacher said he began making other students laugh with fake burps . The teacher sent him to the hallway , where he continued burping and leaning into the entranceway to the classroom so the students could hear . That 's when officer Arthur Acosta , assigned to the middle school as its resource officer , was called to the hallway where the boy was seated , according to court documents . The boy disputed the version of events provided to the officer by his teacher , Margaret Mines-Hornbeck , before the officer led him away from the classroom , and took him first to the school 's administrative office and then the juvenile detention center .
After being arrested , the child was then suspended for the remainder of the school year .
The court also ruled on a separate complaint brought against the school for their decision to search the boy the following November , after the arrest .
According to court documents , the assistant principal suspected the child was involved in a marijuana deal and made the boy remove his shoes and jeans , and flip the waistband of his shorts outward . The search was fruitless and revealed that the principal 's suspicions were false .
According to the Guardian , the mother argued the school official engaged in an unlawful strip search of the boy . But the court found the use of the term “ strip search ” was a stretch and did not violate the boy 's constitutional rights .
When a child is arrested for being the class clown and a court not only upholds the arrest but grants immunity to the ones who conducted it , something is seriously wrong .
Kidnapping and caging a child for burping shows that the mere act of being a child is now criminalized .
As the Free Thought Project previously reported , according to statistics released by the U.S. Department of Education and published by NBC News , in the 2011-2012 school year , teachers called the cops on students a total of 31,961 times in the state of California alone , leading to 6,341 arrests .
With 175 school days lasting eight hours each , that means that every 2.6 seconds a cop is called !
At one California school district , in particular , East Side Union High School District in San Jose , police were called on students 1,745 times during the 2011-2012 school year . This one school called the police on students more than ten times a day !
In May , we reported on the video showing a San Antonio Independent School District police officer body slam a 12-year-old girl . In February , the Free Thought Project brought you the story of the Baltimore School cop who was seen beating a student who had done nothing wrong .
In fact , recent videos have revealed a myriad of school cops attacking unarmed students . In December , Officer Rigo Valles was cleared of any wrongdoing after grabbing a student by the neck and slamming him to the floor . In October , Richland County Deputy Ben Fields was fired after students recorded him flipping over a girl 's desk and dragging her across the floor . Oklahoma City Master Sgt . Thomas Jaha was charged with assault and battery in October as well , after repeatedly punching a student in the face for not having a hall pass .
In November , prosecutors agreed to dismiss assault charges against Louisville Metro Police Officer Jonathan Hardin for punching a student in the face if the former officer completes anger management classes . Hardin still faces wanton endangerment , official misconduct , and assault charges for choking another student unconscious in a separate incident five days later . In separate incidents earlier this year , school cops have also been caught attacking an autistic boy , body-slamming a child , and raping nearly two dozen students .
And these are the ones the public knows about . How many more incidents , just like this one , go unreported and unpunished ?
Instead of attempting to solve a problem with logic and reason , schools are now taking the easy road and turning to the barrel of a gun to force compliance . This is not only dangerous and lazy , but entirely unnecessary .
A study of more than 185,000 private and public school users from 2010 to 2014 revealed that violence is largely a problem in the public school sector . Private schools , unlike public schools , have an incentive to create a safe and caring environment for their students , so they take a far more proactive approach to prevent bullying — and it works .
Without using police force , private schools are able to reduce bullying and violence to levels far below that of public schools . Imagine that .
What this data illustrates is the societal dependence on the state to solve matters that should be handled without government . Being dependent upon the state to solve one 's problems is a de facto dependency upon violence .
“ The State represents violence in a concentrated and organized form . The individual has a soul , but as the State is a soulless machine , it can never be weaned from violence to which it owes its very existence. ” -Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
If you truly want a glimpse into the horrid effects of the police state on all school children , take a scroll through our archives , at this link .
Until people wake up to the reality of relying on a system of violence to maintain “ order , ” we can expect this problem to get worse .
Owen Paterson , the Environment Secretary , is to call for traditional Scottish haggis to be let back into America , opening up a market worth millions to producers .
Sheep lung , a key part of Haggis , has been banned in America since 1971 and British lamb has been banned since 1989 following the foot and mouth outbreak .
Mr Paterson will lobby senior aides to the President to end the ban , in what could be a lucrative deal for Scottish producers due to the popularity of the country 's heritage in America .
He was asked to take action by Scottish producers at the Royal Highland Show in Edinburgh last week and will meet Tom Vilsack on Monday to call for an end to the ban .
He said : `` I share many haggis producers ' disappointment that American diners are currently unable to enjoy the taste of Scotland 's wonderful national dish in their own country .
`` I am meeting my US counterpart to discuss how we can begin exporting it , particularly as so many Americans enjoy celebrating their Scottish heritage . ”
The Government hopes the ban on British lamb could be lifted as part of a trade deal between the US and Europe , which could be worth more than £10 billion to the British economy .
Alistair Carmichael , the Scottish Secretary , said Americans “ do n't know what they 're missing ” and it was time to put an end to the ban .
He said : `` In my own constituency , we produce some of the finest lamb in the country , if not the world , so I know just how good Scottish meat can be .
`` It seems only right that the UK Government continues to use its considerable influence to open up as many opportunities as possible , to reintroduce our produce where markets have been closed and to create new ones wherever it can . ”
In a case of illegal snail mail , officials at Los Angeles International Airport intercepted a shipment of 67 live giant African land snails from Nigeria earlier this month .
The mollusks—which can measure nearly 8 inches ( about 20 centimeters ) long and weigh more than 1 pound ( 500 grams ) —are considered a delicacy in parts of their native Africa . But in the U.S. they 're an agricultural pest that does extreme damage .
Authorities believe that the incident—the largest giant African land snail seizure to date in the U.S.—is not a case of smuggling , because neither the sender nor the recipient were aware that the snail is illegal in the United States , the Associated Press reported .
This species was first brought to the continental U.S. in 1966 , when a boy smuggled three into Miami as pets . The boy 's grandmother later released them into her garden . Just seven years later their population had exploded to 18,000 , which cost the state of Florida more than $ 1 million dollars and took ten years to wipe out .
In 2011 , Floridians began noticing a second outbreak of snails , which may have arrived in the state as pets or accidentally in cargo . The pests are well established in Hawaii and the Caribbean .
Each hefty invertebrate can eat up to 500 kinds of agricultural crops and carry a parasite called rat lungworm that can transmit meningitis to people and pets .
The snails are also fond of munching on the Sunshine State 's stucco houses to get more calcium for their shells , noted Richard Gaskalla , director of the Division of Plant Industry for the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services .
`` It 's like the trifecta of pests—it [ can ] eat your house , eat your plants , and make you sick , '' he said . ( To date there have been no reported cases of rat lungworm in people or pets in Florida . )
Because the snails have no natural enemies in the U.S. , `` when they get a foothold , particularly in urban or suburban areas , they multiply quickly , '' Gaskalla said . The prolific breeders lay up to 1,200 eggs a year-and they live as long as ten years . ( Related : `` Giant Snails Invading Florida , 'Major Threat ' to Crops . '' )
U.S. restaurants do n't use African giant land snails as escargot , which typically comes from smaller land snails that are farmed in Europe and elsewhere , Gaskalla added . ( See `` Giant Snails , Once a Delicacy , Overrun Brazil . '' )
Getting Rid of Snails
The good thing , Gaskalla said , is that `` because they are such a nuisance , people notice them pretty quick '' and call authorities .
That vigilance is paying off . Since 2011 , a snail-removal program in Miami-Dade County , run by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services , has collected over 140,000 invasive giant African land snails .
`` We 've made really good progress toward eradication , '' Gaskalla said .
But , he added , the recent intercepted shipment of snails in Los Angeles—which were later burned by the U.S. Department of Agriculture—is of concern .
`` We do n't want them moving in the U.S. for any purpose . I 've tried to get the word out that it 's an invasive species '' and that people should not eat them or keep them as pets , he said .
The Syrian Arab Army 's 11th Tank Division has announced the capture of Camp Khazanat ( Reservoir Camp ) after weeks of heavy firefights with Liwaa Suqour Al-Sham ( Falcons of the Levant Brigades ) north of the city of Morek . According to a military source , Liwaa Suqour Al-Sham suffered heavy casualties during the battle ; this forced them to retreat north to the city of Khan Sheikhoun . Camp Khazanat is located southeast of the strategic city of Khan Sheikhoun in the Idlib Governorate .
As a result of the capture of Camp Khazanat , the 11th Tank Division has officially entered southern Khan Sheikhoun ; this comes 6 months after the SAA withdrew south from the city . The recent success in northern Hama has paved the way for the 11th Tank Division to continue their offensive into southern Idlib , while rebel forces continue to wage war against one another inside the province .
Khan Sheikhoun is imperative to the Syrian Arab Army 's Central Command due to its proximity to the vital supply route on the M-5 Highway . If captured , the SAA will have access to one of Syria 's largest highways that links Damascus to the northern Syria via the provinces of Homs and Hama . The control of another major highway in Syria is critical to the Central Command because it also gives the SAA safe passage from the southern and northern fronts .
Advertisements
×
BourbonBlog.com becomes the first media outlet to interview Angel 's Envy Bourbon Founder Wes Henderson on camera about the Bacardi acquisition . We brought you a shorter version of this interview last week and now more details .
In the interview above , Angel 's Envy founder Wes Henderson and BourbonBlog.com ‘ s Tom Fischer talk about the many stories covered since the launch . Most specific to note being first report on Angel 's Envy Rye in one of the last interviews with the late Lincoln Henderson 's before his death in 2013 . Watch the archived interview below recorded at Bourbon Classic 2013 .
Bacardi 's purchase of Angel 's Envy includes that of Angel 's Share Brands , its Louisville Distilling Co. subsidiary , the distillery being built on Main Street and the trademarked Angel 's Envy brand .
When Angel 's Envy launched in 2010 , Wes says it helped bring his father and legendary master distiller Lincoln Henderson out of retirement . BourbonBlog.com was the first media outlet to review Angel 's Envy upon its launch and the first to cover the story of Angel 's Envy Rye release , in the video below .
For more Bourbon stories , register for our Bourbon Newsletter on this link .
Watch Below : Angel 's Envy Rye Video Interview
×
Photos and new Interview at with Wes Henderson filmed and edited by Tommy Johns .
President Trump has repeatedly lashed out with insults to defend himself as the Russia investigation unfolds . Here are some of his go-to attacks . ( Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post )
This post has been updated .
Last week , President Trump asserted that he had full control over the Justice Department -- but that he had n't exercised it because he did n't want to look heavy-handed in the Russia investigation . `` I have absolute right to do what I want to do with the Justice Department , '' he said , `` but for purposes of hopefully thinking I 'm going to be treated fairly , I 've stayed uninvolved with this particular matter . ”
Late Thursday , we learned of another example of Trump apparently being pretty involved and heavy-handed behind closed doors .
Trump dispatched White House counsel Don McGahn to try and stop Attorney General Jeff Sessions , report Matt Zapotosky and Josh Dawsey . The news was first reported by the New York Times .
Below we recap this and seven other instances in which Trump pretty clearly attempted to influence the path of the Russia probe . Whether any of them amount to obstruction of justice is one of two major questions for special counsel Robert Mueller . Legal experts generally agree that a president has broad authority over the executive branch and that Mueller would have to prove that Trump 's actions showed corrupt intent .
1 . Dispatching McGahn to prevent Sessions 's recusal
Trump has previously bemoaned Sessions 's decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation -- even publicly . It 's the biggest source of tension in their continually strained relationship . So it 's no surprise that he did n't want Sessions to do so .
But actually dispatching McGahn to try and convince Sessions not to recuse himself means Trump actually used official White House staff to try and control who would be overseeing the Russia probe . Again , whether that amounts to obstruction is the big question .
While Sessions did n't heed McGahn 's advice , he did reportedly do something else that could catch investigators ' eye ; according to the Times 's latest report , he tried to plant negative stories about then-FBI Director James B. Comey -- this was before Trump fired him -- after Comey testified in front of Congress in early May :
Two days after Mr. Comey 's testimony , an aide to Mr . Sessions approached a Capitol Hill staff member asking whether the staffer had any derogatory information about the F.B.I . director . The attorney general wanted one negative article a day in the news media about Mr. Comey , according to a person with knowledge of the meeting .
The Times report does n't indicate whether Sessions was acting on Trump 's behalf , but it does say Trump 's desire to fire Comey had been known internally for some time .
2 . Asking Comey for loyalty
After Trump fired him , Comey testified before Congress and recounted his conversations with Trump . It also came to light that he took notes at the time because he was concerned about Trump 's behavior . Comey said Trump told him , “ I expect loyalty , ” and he also suggested that Trump subtly threatened his job . Comey said Trump asked him whether he wanted to remain FBI director , which he found “ strange because he had already told me twice in earlier conversations that he hoped I would stay , and I had assured him that I intended to . ”
Trump and fellow Republicans have sought to undermine Comey 's version of events and his character , but the Times reports that Mueller has been able to substantiate key aspects of his testimony -- including , notably , via notes taken by then-White House chief of staff Reince Priebus .
3 . Suggesting Comey be lenient on Michael Flynn
Separately , Comey has said Trump asked him whether he could take it easy on Flynn , Trump 's former national security adviser . “ I hope you can let this go , ” Comey quoted Trump as saying in a memo written shortly after a meeting with Trump in February , as first reported by the Times .
Comey said in his later testimony that he understood it to be a direct request from Trump . “ I mean , this is a president of the United States with me alone saying , ' I hope this . ' I took it as , this is what he wants me to do , ” Comey said . “ I did n't obey that , but that 's the way I took it . ”
4 . Asking Comey to say Trump was n't under investigation
Comey said in his testimony that Trump asked him to say publicly what Comey had said privately : that Trump was n't personally under investigation ( at the time ) .
“ He asked what we could do to ‘ lift the cloud , ' ” Mr. Comey said of a March 30 phone call . “ I responded that we were investigating the matter as quickly as we could , and that there would be great benefit , if we did n't find anything , to our having done the work well . He agreed , but then reemphasized the problems this was causing him . ”
Comey also said he did n't want to have to recant his statement if Trump ever were to be the subject of investigation , which later turned out to be the case .
5 . Asking Coats and Rogers to deny evidence of collusion
The Washington Post reported in May that Trump had , in March , tried to enlist Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers to push back against the FBI investigation into ties between his campaign and Russia :
Trump made separate appeals to the director of national intelligence , Daniel Coats , and to Adm. Michael S. Rogers , the director of the National Security Agency , urging them to publicly deny the existence of any evidence of collusion during the 2016 election . Coats and Rogers refused to comply with the requests , which they both deemed to be inappropriate , according to two current and two former officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private communications with the president .
In later testimony , Coats and Rogers did not directly respond to questions about this matter , but they did say they never felt pressured to intervene in the investigation .
6 . Urging Sen. Burr to wrap things up
The New York Times reported recently that President Trump over the summer pressured Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr ( R-N.C. ) and other Republicans to bring a swift end to their investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . Notably , Burr confirmed -- on the record -- that Trump told him he hoped the investigation would conclude soon .
“ It was something along the lines of , ‘ I hope you can conclude this as quickly as possible , ' ” Burr told the Times of Trump 's comments . He said he told the president that `` when we have exhausted everybody we need to talk to , we will finish . ”
The Times also reported that Trump made similar requests to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) and Sen. Roy Blunt ( R-Mo . ) , a member of the intelligence committee .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif. ) , a former chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , characterized the president 's action as “ pressure that should never be brought to bear by an official when the legislative branch is in the process of an investigation . ”
A White House spokesman told the Times that Trump “ at no point has attempted to apply undue influence on committee members . ''
7 . Trying to get Sen. Tillis to back off
Politico reported in August that President Trump appeared to pressure two Senate Republicans to back off their Russia-related efforts . According to Dawsey and Elana Schor , Trump vented frustrations about Congress 's Russia sanctions bill to Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) and tried to get Sen. Thom Tillis ( R-N.C. ) to back off a planned bill to protect special counsel Robert Mueller from being fired .
From Politico 's report :
Trump dialed up Sen. Thom Tillis ( R-N.C. ) on Aug. 7 . … The Mueller bill came up during the Tillis-Trump conversation , according to a source briefed on the call — the latest signal of the president 's impatience with GOP senators ' increasing declarations of independence from his White House . Trump was unhappy with the legislation and did n't want it to pass , one person familiar with the call said .
Trump 's ability to fire Mueller has been chewed over for months , especially after an ally , Newsmax Media chief executive Christopher Ruddy , said in June that Trump was considering it . Tillis stepped forward this month in a somewhat surprising effort to protect Mueller . The bill would check the executive branch 's ability to fire any special counsel by putting it in front of a panel of three federal judges .
8 . Complaining to McConnell about not getting protection
An August report in the Times about Trump 's and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's ( R-Ky. ) strained relationship included a tantalizingly brief mention of Trump complaining to McConnell about McConnell not doing enough to protect the president from the Russia probe :
During the call , which Mr. Trump initiated on Aug. 9 from his New Jersey golf club , the president accused Mr. McConnell of bungling the health care issue . He was even more animated about what he intimated was the Senate leader 's refusal to protect him from investigations of Russian interference in the 2016 election , according to Republicans briefed on the conversation .
Again , it 's notable here that Trump believes McConnell should be protecting him .
Callum Borchers contributed to this post .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Ratings agency S & P cut Russia 's sovereign credit rating to junk status on Monday , bringing it below investment grade for the first time in a decade .
People walk in the Red Square , with St . Basil 's Cathedral ( L ) , the Kremlin 's Spasskaya ( Saviour ) Tower inside a scaffolding and the mausoleum of Soviet state founder Vladimir Lenin ( C , front ) seen in the background , as it snows in central Moscow January 13 , 2015 . REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Warning of difficult times ahead for Russia 's economy , S & P said it had cut the rating from BBB- to BB+ and that Russia 's economic growth prospects , hit by low oil prices and Western sanctions over the Ukraine crisis , had worsened .
The rouble weakened to 68.65 against the dollar , more than 6 percent lower than the previous close on the Moscow Exchange , and the cost of insuring Russian sovereign debt for five years rose , in a sign of investors ' concern .
“ The downgrade throws into stark relief the severity of Russia 's financial and economic crisis , ” said Nicholas Spiro , managing director at Spiro Sovereign Strategy in London .
“ It 's going to make it more difficult for large corporates and banks to refinance themselves , at a time when ratings agencies clearly have doubts about the macroeconomic and external environment for Russia . ”
The decision could not only harm Russia 's image among investors but push up its borrowing costs , as many mainstream investment and pension funds have rules preventing them from buying anything not classed as investment grade .
Other rating agencies could follow suit by downgrading Russian sovereign debt to what some consider junk territory , and there could eventually be a political impact on President Vladimir Putin if the economic crisis keeps worsening .
But Finance Minister Anton Siluanov played down the situation .
“ The decision taken shows the excessive pessimism of the agency . It fails to consider a series of factors which characterise the strong side of the Russian economy : the accumulation of large international reserves , including in the sovereign funds , ” he said .
He said capital markets had factored in the downgrade and it should have no “ serious additional effects ” on them .
S & P had warned , in late December , that it could deprive Russia of its investment-grade credit rating as soon as mid-January , following a rapid deterioration of the country 's monetary flexibility and a weakening economy .
MORE SANCTIONS ?
Russia 's economy is expected to slide into recession this year as low oil prices depress export revenues , and the sanctions over Ukraine cut some of its biggest companies off from Western funding .
Putin , whose popularity rests partly on bringing financial wellbeing to many Russians , said shortly before the downgrade that his government was close to announcing details of an anti-crisis plan to maintain social stability and protect growth .
But S & P said in a statement it saw growth flatlining for four years , projecting about 0.5 percent annually in 2015-2018 , below the 2.4 percent of the previous four years .
French Finance Minister Michel Sapin said the downgrade showed sanctions were taking a toll and urged Moscow to use this as an opportunity to change tack on Ukraine .
“ Sanctions were taken because Russia has an attitude towards Ukraine which we consider unacceptable , ” Sapin told reporters after a meeting of euro zone finance ministers in Brussels .
The central bank said last month Russia 's economy may shrink 4.5-4.7 percent in 2015 and 0.9-1.1 percent in 2016 , if oil averages $ 60 a barrel . If oil was at an average of $ 40 a barrel , the economy could shrink by 5 percent over the course of 2015 , according to the Ministry of Economic Development
“ I guess if you were thinking of buying Russia risk , again , last week , you have now got your answer . Too early , ” said Standard Bank analyst Tim Ash after the downgrade .
The United States and the European Union have threatened to impose more sanctions following new violence in Ukraine though Putin blames it on Kiev .
In addition , capital flight soared last year and rising inflation is likely to compound pressures on the rouble .
Russia 's international reserves , managed by the central bank , have collapsed since early last year , falling to their lowest level since early 2009 as Russia has been forced to spend heavily to defend the rouble .
The rouble fell about 40 percent against the U.S. dollar last year and has continued its decline this year .
“ In a sense there is nothing new here . Russia 's economic vulnerabilities have been clear for all to see over the past year , and a downgrade — or at least the problems that S & P cited — are surely now priced into the market , ” said Neil Shearing , chief emerging markets economist at Capital Economics .
“ However , the loss of investment grade status is symbolic insofar as it underlines Russia 's economic decline . The outlook remains grim . ”
Located at the gateway to the Sahara desert in what is now Mali , within the confines of the fertile zone of the Sudan , Timbuktu is one of the cities of Africa whose name is the most heavily charged with history . Founded in the 5th century , it became an intellectual and spiritual capital , reaching its golden age in the 15th and 16th centuries .
Around seven hundred years ago , it was a bustling hub where travellers from Europe , sub-Saharan Africa , Egypt , and Morocco met to trade in salt , gold , ivory and unfortunately , slaves . But it was n't only ‘ goods ' that were exchanged . Timbuktu was a place where ideas , philosophies , intellectual thought , and religious beliefs came together in a dynamic mix , and one of the primary ways in which such ideas were exchanged was through the sale of books . According to a description of Timbuktu in 1526 by the diplomat Leo Africanus , “ more profit is to be made there from the sale of books than from any other branch of trade . ”
The ancient texts of Timbuktu are an impressive sight – bundled in camel skin , goat skin , or calf leather and inscribed in gold , red , and jet-black ink , their pages are filled with words in striking calligraphy from Arabic and African languages , and contain an intriguing array of geometric designs .
Today , there are literally hundreds of thousands of such ancient manuscripts in private households , and while in most cases archaeologists condemn private ownership of ancient relics , in this case , it was what enabled the texts to survive . Over the years , many such manuscripts were ruined or stolen by the parade of powers who ruled over Timbuktu , including the French , who colonised Mali between 1892 and 1960 , and terrorist groups such as Al Qaeda who last year invaded Timbuktu , destroying tombs and burning any ancient manuscripts they found .
But many manuscripts survived because their owners smuggled them out of Timbuktu to safety , coordinated by Abdel Kader Haidara , who orchestrated the rescue by donkey and boat . And the manuscripts are indeed worth saving – subjects in the collections , spanning the 13th through 17th century , include the Koran , Sufism , philosophy , law , maths , medicine , astronomy , science , poetry and much more . “ Every book has answers , and if you analyse them you can learn solutions , ” said Haidara . “ Everything that exists now , existed before now . ”
The manuscripts provide a window into the minds of the times ' leading thinkers as they pondered the meanings of their circumstances . Passed down through generations of Timbuktu 's ancient families , they offer a tantalizing history of a moderate Islam , in which scholars argued for women 's rights and welcomed Christians and Jews .
What Haidara accomplished is no less than a miracle . In total , he is responsible for smuggling more than 300,000 manuscripts to the safe-haven of Bamako . They endured bribes , violence , conflict and danger to get them there , concealing the precious texts in cars , carts and canoes and in boxes under piles of vegetables and fruit .
However , in a cruel twist of fate , the manuscripts now face a new danger – rot . Moving from a hot , dry climate to a cooler location introduced new weather conditions that could ruin the manuscripts . If physical harm from the current packing situation continues and if mould and mildew spread in the corpus due to increased humidity , the damage will be devastating .
But all is not lost ; an initiative called the Timbuktu Libraries in Exile Project has launched efforts to save the manuscripts and to ensure they are preserved for the future . The purpose of this project is to store the manuscripts in an archival , moisture-resistant manner during their exile from Timbuktu .
An international fundraising effort has been started to raise the necessary funds for the preservation effort , and they are very close to their goal of $ 100,000 . To contribute to the Libraries in Exile Project , click here .
Whatever your politics , whatever your religion , whatever your past , we can all agree that learning from our collective history is something worth fighting for .
By April Holloway
You know where it really sucks to be a woman on the Internet , besides , like , BroBible and the comments section of articles on sexual assault ? Dating websites . Well , to be fair , the last long-term relationship I had started through OkCupid , so there 's that . To be fairer , it still was n't that great , and , even worse , I had to sift through hundreds of bullshit sexist messages from the biggest creeps on Earth before it happened .
That does n't mean no good should come of it all , though . With that in mind , I went through all my old messages to find examples of the most heinous comments I 've received over the years . One $ 10 plastic handle of vodka later , I only hope someone learns something . Here are a few of the messages dudes need to stop sending on dating sites .
# 5 . `` Sex ? ; ) '' Messages
Sending me a message blatantly asking for sex makes me as dry as I imagine doing the cinnamon challenge with my vagina would . Fuck , I 'd rather actually do the cinnamon challenge with my vagina than fuck you . You 're all welcome for that image .
Eising/Photodisc/Getty Images
And this one , I suppose .
I can already hear someone in the comments going , `` Well , at least he 's being honest ! '' and I think that person is under the impression that women get flowery messages from dudes who are pretending to care about who we are as a person , all with the secret intent of tricking us into fucking them . That has never happened . It 's mostly just all gross .
At least a third of the messages I get ( and ignore ) are of the `` do you want to have sex ? '' variety . And here 's the thing -- I 'm on a fucking dating website . I am hoping to go on a date and ideally to get all up in someone 's emotional and/or genital space at some point after that . Just because I am open to dating/sex does n't mean you get to stop talking to me like I 'm a real person .
It 's the same `` well , you clearly want attention ! '' bullshit that women get all the time . OK , and my counterargument is going to be squeezing your junk like that creep from the Shamwow infomercials while exclaiming , `` Well , you clearly wanted me to touch your dick so here I am ! ! ! '' Do n't fucking sell yourselves short ; y'all are smarter than that .
Or at least smarter than this guy .
Women have been saying this forever , but catcalling is not flattering , and it is certainly not attractive -- why would the OkCupid version of that be any different ? If you ca n't have a conversation that does n't revolve around your dick , then you need to do some remedial social education or something .
Also , quick side note : I get a few messages every year asking me if I 'd like to have sex on a boat . Stop . Do n't do that . I watch Investigation Discovery too . I am less impressed with your boat than I am worried about the fact that you could totally kill me and get rid of my body without anyone ever knowing .
# 4 . Fetish Requests
As terrifying as his username may be , at least the dude in the above message had the decency to not get freaky right away . This guy , on the other hand ...
... not so much .
Now is the time for all Cracked readers who complain about my swearing to get their dicks nice and hard on their high fucking horses , because FetLife-esque messages are the fucking worst , and I ca n't talk about it without throwing out enough curse words that I 'd go broke if someone slipped a swear jar in front of me .
Look , unless you give me a reason to , I do n't give a fuck about the way you want to tinkertoy your dick with someone else 's genitals , but there is a time and a place for everything . No one wants to hear about what revs your dick up on the first date . Park that shit in a garage until at least the third date like a normal person , goddamn .
If you 're looking to base an entire relationship around some kink , go to FetLife and leave me the fuck alone . If you do n't know what FetLife is , stop lying and go to FetLife already . Just because you 're online does n't mean the basic rules of social interaction suddenly do n't apply . If you came up to me in public purring about wanting to be my daddy , I would mace you so fast that you 'd be clawing your own eyes out while wondering what in your fairy tale age-play life went wrong .
Amazon.com
I use the cute kind , though .
Let me tell you right now -- it went wrong the second you asked some random woman to call you daddy . You can purr right up your own asshole with that shit . Y'all need 50 shades of Jesus and some sensitivity training .
One guy who I kindly told to get the fuck away from me with his slave fantasy protested that FetLife was n't as well-known so a lot of people were `` resorting '' to OkCupid . Fine . Here ya go -- FetLife exists ! Go do your power play and your vore and all that shit over there , and stop `` resorting '' to asking young women to be your sex slaves . Your fetish does n't take precedent over a woman 's right not to fucking deal with that shit .
# 3 . Messages That Make It Clear You Did n't Read My Profile
OkCupid suggests matches for you based on your match percent , which is determined by answering a bunch of questions . There are thousands of questions , and the more you answer , the more accurate your match percent will be .
Some of the questions are benign , some are about how socially liberal or conservative you are , some are about what you 're expecting from a relationship , etc . When you look at someone else 's profile , you can see how much of a match that person is with you , and can look at the questions that you disagreed on . If you do n't match , they literally call that person your enemy . It 's a remarkably easy system to master . Nevertheless , messages like the one above arrive in my inbox almost daily .
Someone sent me a Cracked message once saying I was `` very tumblr , '' and I 'm not for one second pretending that shit is n't true . My OkCupid profile makes that shit abundantly clear . I literally use the word `` kyriarchy '' in my bio , have Audre Lorde listed as my favorite author , and set my profile picture to me doing a Rosie the Riveter pose at my first pride parade .
Alex Wong/Getty Images News/Getty Images
That 's not me and that 's definitely not a pride parade , but you get the idea .
Only two of those are true but at that point , does it matter which one 's a lie ?
I 'm not even talking about the messages from men who are mad at my profile and send me `` cumslut '' messages -- y'all are boring and need to get a hobby or spend time with your mom or something . Get your lives together .
Image Source Pink/Image Source/Getty Images
Also , your mom 's the slut .
No for this , I 'm talking about messages from people who are like , a 25 percent match but then act all surprised when I shut down their advances . I mean , you answered match questions saying that there are times when women owe you sex and that you think race and intelligence are correlated . If this was NextBus , your three fun facts would be `` still says 'no homo , ' has completely overreacted to a perceived slight in a bar , questionable reading comprehension . '' How I feel about you as a person aside ( though for real , you suck ) , in what reality do you think we 'd be compatible at all ? Ever ? Motherfucker if you are not at least a D+ grade in the match category , I do n't have time for you .
The other , more creepy part of this ties in with the above FetLife bullshit . On my profile , it clearly states that I 'm looking for men and women who are n't more than 10 years older than me . I get a lot of messages from older men , men who exceed that age range by 15 to 20 years . If you did n't watch at least one episode of a VH1 dating show , you are too old for me . If you watched Rock of Love With Bret Michaels and had any idea that Brett Michaels was like , an actual celebrity rather than some random old dude , you are either too old for me or slightly more culturally aware .
Kevin Minter # 46 , MLB , LSU
Height : 6 ' 2 ''
Weight : 242 lbs .
Strengths
– Great instincts , has a good understanding of blocking schemes and how holes develop during a play .
– Excellent stack and shed ability , is capable of stoning pulling guards in the hole .
– Scrapes over the wash very well on outside runs .
– Can blitz inside well and help push the pocket with power .
– Generally a sound tackler .
– Has a knack for timing snap counts .
Weaknesses
– Heavy feet and stiff hips in coverage , not a smooth pedal .
– Has a harder time reading routes when playing man-to-man .
– Not the best deep field speed , but has a nice short area burst that gets the job done when breaking on underneath receivers .
– Looks flat footed and clumsy at times against crafty route runners .
Overview
Kevin Minter is the most traditional 4-3 Mike prospect in this class . He wo n't wow anyone physically , but the man can flat out stop the run . His solidly built 240 pound frame was extremely difficult to remove from running lanes , and his great pad level and footwork really shined when stacking giant SEC guards and tackles ( 00:01 , 00:48 , 1:34 , 1:43 , 4:03 , 4:29 , 6:34 vs. Clemson - 1:37 , 7:28 vs. Florida - 00:35 , 1:37 vs. A & M - 00:21 vs. Washington ) . Besides outmuscling blockers at the line of scrimmage , he is also very adept at working through traffic and taking down ball carriers before they can even get to their hole ( 2:15 , 7:56 vs. Clemson - 3:05 , 4:05 , 5:07 , 5:19 , 6:19 , 8:09 vs. Florida - 00:09 , 1:31 , 7:25 vs. A & M - 00:35 vs. Washington ) . Whether blocked or not , there is no linebacker in this class better at dismantling a run game than Kevin Minter .
However , despite being terrific at stopping pulling guards dead in their tracks , Minter sorely lacks versatility in coverage . LSU often stuck him in shallow zones where he would pick up drags and stick routes while keeping an eye out for draws up the middle . His role as the cleanup crew on the LSU defense was clearly defined and rarely tampered with because , to be quite honest , he is not well suited for anything else . He lacks the open field speed to consistently get down field as a Tampa-2 Mike or spy a mobile QB . He does n't have the stop-start ability to keep up with hybrid RB/WR 's or H-backs coming out of the back field . His hips are not nearly fluid enough to handle athletic TE 's in man-to-man coverage ( 1:15 , 6:15 , 8:29 , 9:03 vs. Clemson - 00:09 , 5:49 vs. Florida - 00:01 , 2:47 vs. Washington ) .
In addition to having physical limitations in coverage , I need to see more from him mentally when dropping back before I am comfortable calling him a Day 1 starter . What aptitude he has for diagnosing blocking schemes in the run game does not carry over to Minter 's pass defense skills . One of his most egregious errors , and something that perfectly sums up my frustrations with him , came against Johnny Manziel and the suddenly deadly Aggie offense ( 2:56 vs. A & M ) . Minter crowded the line of scrimmage , showed blitz , and then was supposed to bail out off the snap and cover the hot receiver as the slot corner fired in from the left side of the line . Everyone knew who the hot receiver was going to be -- Minter , Manziel , and even the receiver himself when he pulled up for a quick stick route upon seeing his defender make a break for his quarterback . All of the other linebackers and defensive backs immediately darted into position to undercut every receiver and try to force a big play on a forced hot read – all of them except Minter . He froze at the line , watched Manziel turn towards his hot receiver in the face of the fire blitz , and did n't close on the route until after the ball was already being delivered . Of course the gain was very limited , but that 's not the point – the interception was right there . The entire point of the defense 's play against that particular look was to give the linebackers a shot at the ball , and he missed it despite already knowing what was going to happen .
This kind of inexcusable lack of awareness in pass defense is what concerns me most about Minter . He is brilliant when prowling around the box looking for running backs to demolish . When dropping into a zone , however , he is extremely limited beyond watching for a draw off the snap , checking the receivers to see if anyone is running something underneath , and breaking on any dump off routes within five yards of the line of scrimmage . His coverage assignments , in my opinion , were probably some of the most simplistic that any SEC linebacker has had this year . Perhaps LSU never focused on developing his coverage skills as much as his run stopping skills because they tend to favor manning up across the board with defensive backs anyway . Maybe his defensive coordinator wanted him to simply act as a safety net for the front four . I do n't know the details of his development , and I probably never will , but as this juncture I ca n't help but pump the brakes a little bit on his projected first round status and plant a few red flags in his resume .
Minter may yet develop this part of his game in the pros , and he may not . His growth as a player depends entirely on the scheme he is drafted in to and the understanding of his future NFL defensive coordinator about the scheme he came from . In my opinion , Minter will find success if he is used exclusively ( at least at first ) as a run-stopping , offensive line-abusing death machine at the line of scrimmage who can pick up underneath receivers and blitz from time to time . As long as the defense he is drafted in to have a Sam linebacker and a strong safety that can handle man-to-man coverage duties , there is no reason why Minter ca n't thrive as a tackle magnet in the middle of the field . The job market might be thin for a player that comes into the league with such schematic limitations , but he is well worth a third round pick if he can be developed into a more well rounded player over the course of his rookie year .
Scientists in the Netherlands have moved a step closer to overriding one of Albert Einstein 's most famous objections to the implications of quantum mechanics , which he described as `` spooky action at a distance '' .
In a paper published on Thursday in the journal Science , physicists at the Kavli Institute of Nanoscience at the Delft University of Technology reported that they were able to reliably teleport information between two quantum bits separated by 3 metres , or about 10 feet .
A forest of optical elements that was part of the quantum teleportation device used by the team of physicists in the Netherlands . Credit : Hanson lab @ TUDelft
Quantum teleportation is not the Star Trek-style movement of people or things ; rather , it involves transferring so-called quantum information - in this case what is known as the spin state of an electron - from one place to another without moving the physical matter to which the information is attached .
Classical bits , the basic units of information in computing , can have only one of two values - either 0 or 1 . But quantum bits , or qubits , can simultaneously describe many values . They hold out both the possibility of a new generation of faster computing systems and the ability to create completely secure communication networks .
TAMPA , FL - AUGUST 29 : RNC Chairman Reince Priebus adjouns during the third day of the Republican National Convention at the Tampa Bay Times Forum on August 29 , 2012 in Tampa , Florida . Former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney was nominated as the Republican presidential candidate during the RNC , which is scheduled to conclude August 30 . ( Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images ) Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images
First , Gov . Scott Walker tacitly endorsed a proposal that would split Wisconsin 's electoral votes by congressional district . Now Wisconsin 's own RNC Chairman , Reince Priebus , is murmuring his approval .
“ I think it 's something that a lot of states that have been consistently blue that are fully controlled red ought to be looking at , ” Priebus said of the plan to change how electoral votes are granted .
Such a system “ gives more local control ” to the states , he argued .
By coincidence , of course , the 2011 Republican-run redistricting process gave the state five Republican seats and three Democratic seats . Had the state divvied up EVs in 2012 , Mitt Romney would have won as many electors as Barack Obama despite winning 213,019 fewer votes . ( That 's larger * than the total number of votes Romney won in South Dakota . ) The “ local control ” Priebus is talking about here would minimize the votes of urban Democrats , most of them now packed into Milwaukee-centered and Madison-centered districts .
So we 've got five Republican-run states – Michigan , Ohio , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , Virginia – where an electoral vote split has been discussed in 2013 . The fact that Republicans can still use the bogus “ local control ” argument and not get laughed out of the room is promising for them , if they decide to ram this stuff through . But the Journal-Sentinel also quotes Priebus as saying the idea did n't come from him . That 's part of the sales pitch ; at the same time , it says that Republicans are anticipating the ( entirely correct ) “ power grab ” attack .
* A mental hiccup lead me to write “ larger ” and “ smaller. ” Ironic , when you think about it .
Renua Ireland is working on a radical new policy that would see the introduction of a flat tax on all income , with bands and most allowances being scrapped .
The disclosure was made during the party 's first think-in in Dublin , during a session on the economy .
Businessman Declan Ganley , who was a guest speaker , told delegates that a flat tax regime was a “ great disrupter ” and would create a huge buzz that would attract international business and finance to Ireland .
“ It 's going to be controversial . You can welcome the debate . It 's going to create a long-term sustainable economy , ” he said .
A flat rate is a system of taxation where one tax rate is applied from the smallest incomes , including social welfare , to the largest .
There are variations on the idea , including the concept of a negative income tax , put forward by Milton Friedman in his 1962 book Capitalism and Freedom .
A negative income tax would allow personal deductions , or a threshold , before the flat tax was applied .
If the person 's income did not reach that threshold , they would be paid a negative tax calculated on the amount of the shortfall . This would replace some welfare payments .
Renua chairman Eddie Hobbs disclosed that Mr Ganley 's idea had already been taken up by the party and work on a policy was at an advanced stage .
It is thought that Renua does not favour a true flat tax , but one that would include deductions and balancing measures to protect vulnerable families and individuals .
Mr Ganley urged the party not to shy away from big ideas .
“ Do the stuff that vested interests will resist and they will hit you hard , but you can take them head on , ” he said .
Mr Ganley also attacked what he described as crony corporatism in Ireland .
He said there was a perception that there was a very small circle of individuals who have unique access to the halls of power and have the ability to capture part of this economy and make it available for self-enrichment .
In a thinly-veiled reference to businessman Denis O'Brien , he told the meeting there should be no room for those who ignore the findings of a tribunal , or allow Dáil Éireann to be browbeaten because it does not suit their political or business agenda .
‘ Honest about tax '
Lucinda Creighton told the think-in that people needed to be honest about tax .
“ If you 're in favour of tax reductions , you are a bad , evil right-winger , ” she said . “ If you want to increase tax you are a caring , kind-hearted , loving person . ”
She pointed to the 1,200 per cent increase that occurred in the capital gains tax take in the five years after 1997 , when the rate was reduced from 40 per cent to 20 per cent .
Ms Creighton also said she will ask Garda Commissioner Noirín O'Sullivan to assess whether an investigation is needed into the destruction of documents by former commissioner Martin Callinan .
The interim report of the Fennelly Commission , which investigated Mr Callinan 's resignation , found that the former commissioner had documents destroyed as he left his post .
The commission also found that a SIM card belonging to Mr Callinan could not be recovered .
Ms Creighton said she will be making contact with Ms O'Sullivan on the issue .
She also said Renua will cut the number of people working in Irish Water as part of an overhaul of the utility company if the party is in government after the next election .
She said that her party will restructure and overhaul Irish Water - which she described as “ an absolute disaster ” - while keeping water charges in place .
Public-health concerns continue to grow concerning the combining of alcohol with energy drinks ( A+ED ) .
New findings indicate that combining A+ED increased the urge to drink alcohol relative to drinking alcohol alone .
Study participants who drank A+ED also had significantly higher ratings on liking the cocktail , and wanting to drink more of it , than the alcohol-only condition .
Public health advocates in recent years have become concerned not with the consumption of energy drinks by youth but also their joint consumption with alcohol by young adults . New research provides evidence of a mechanism through which energy drinks may increase binge drinking : combining energy drinks with alcohol increases people 's desire to keep drinking more than if they drank alcohol alone .
Results will be published in the August 2014 online-only issue of Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research and are currently available at Early View .
`` A number of cross-sectional studies show that young adults who mix alcohol with energy drinks ( A+ED ) have higher levels of alcohol consumption than their peers who do n't mix energy drinks with alcohol , and some studies suggest that this practice increases the risk of 'binge drinking , ' '' explained Rebecca McKetin , a fellow at the Australian National University 's Centre for Research on Ageing , Health and Well-being . `` However , it may simply be the case that people who drink more often are more likely to drink A+EDs among other things . Yet if it is the case that energy drinks increase binge drinking , the popularity of A+EDs could exacerbate alcohol-related harms among young people , particularly harms related to intoxication , such as car accidents and injuries from fights or falls . '' McKetin is also the corresponding author for the study .
`` When we consider that research has shown much higher consumption rates in people attending licensed venues , this study suggests the need for our policymakers to get serious about addressing this issue , '' added Peter G. Miller , associate professor of psychology at Deakin University , Geelong Waterfront Campus in Australia . `` Along with other research released recently from Western Australia showing increased harms on nights when people consumed energy drinks , it is becoming more apparent about how associations between energy drink consumption and greater levels of intoxication and harm can be explained , and that the concerns of researchers regarding social order and public health appear to be warranted , despite industry lobbying to the contrary . '' Miller noted the recent ban by Lithuania on the sale of energy drinks to anyone under 18 years of age .
Study authors assigned 75 participants ( 46 women , 29 men ) aged 18 to 30 years to an alcohol-only or A+ED condition in a double-blind randomized pre- versus post-test experiment . Participants received a cocktail containing either 60 ml of vodka and a Red Bull® Silver Edition energy drink ( n=36 ) or 60 ml of vodka with soda water ( n=39 ) ; both cocktails also contained 200 ml of a fruit drink . The primary outcome measure was the Alcohol Urge Questionnaire that was taken at pre-test and 20 minutes later at post-test . Other measures taken at post-test were the Biphasic Alcohol Effects Questionnaire , the Drug Effects Questionnaire , and breath alcohol concentration ( BAC ) .
`` We found that when people drink A+EDs that they have a stronger desire to keep drinking than if they drank alcohol on its own , '' said McKetin . `` This would mean that someone who drinks A+EDs would want to keep drinking more than their friends who do n't . What we ca n't say is whether this translates into people drinking more . Obviously other factors would play a role there - people can over-ride their desires and many things play into a decision about whether someone would keep drinking or not . However , if it did translate into greater alcohol consumption , we would expect to see people who drink A+EDs drinking more than their peers who do n't . ''
Miller agreed . `` A greater urge to drink has substantial implications when we think about the nature of drinking episodes , '' he said . `` As people become intoxicated , even at low levels , they show fewer inhibitions and are likely to drink more in a cycle of greater intoxication . Of course , the drunker you get , the more likely you are to get injured , be a victim or perpetrator of an assault , or even drive home while drunk , let alone making bad choices about the people you associate with and possible sexual behaviour . ''
`` The most important implication of the findings is in terms of policies around the sale of energy drinks in bars and night clubs where people are consuming alcohol , and the sale of pre-mixed A+EDs more generally , '' said McKetin . `` Our findings suggest that energy drinks may increase people drinking to intoxication , and consequently increase the risk of alcohol-related problems like drunk-driving and alcohol-fuelled violence . Our study alone does not provide enough evidence to advocate for restrictions on the availability of energy drinks in bars , but it is an important step . ''
`` These results tell us that findings in Australia are similar to those in the USA , '' added Miller . `` It 's also worth noting that the very low levels of alcohol and energy drinks used in these types of experiments are due to the restraints of ethics committees , yet people are using far more than this on average out on the street . This difference between what is acceptable in a strictly controlled and monitored experiment versus unregulated pubs and clubs tells us about the worrying degree to which unsafe behaviour is occurring and the need for regulators to act . ''
# # #
Image copyright Rob Crook
A man was brought down with a Taser outside the Palace of Westminster after he reached for a knife when approached by officers , Scotland Yard has said .
A bearded man , wearing black trousers and a grey sweatshirt , was seen being held against the fence with his arms behind his back by a police officer .
Police said the man was arrested on suspicion of possessing a knife .
But they `` remain open minded as to whether terrorism was a motive '' , they said .
The man was held just yards from where PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death by terrorist Khalid Masood in March .
Joe Murphy , London Evening Standard political editor , tweeted : `` There were shouts of 'knife , knife , knife ' and man was brought down with a Taser . ''
BBC deputy political editor John Pienaar said the latest incident ended very swiftly with the man being taken away in a police van .
While the gates are closed , the road and pavement opposite remained open and the incident had no effect on traffic in Parliament Square , he said .
Image copyright John Sbobs
In a statement , the Metropolitan Police said `` it is too early to understand the motivation '' of the man `` so we have not declared this a terrorist incident '' .
`` However , given the location , the circumstances and recent tragic events , the MPS Counterterrorism Command will be investigating this incident .
`` We remain open-minded as to whether terrorism was a motive . ''
Eyewitness Bradley Allen , 19 , from Barking , east London , who was walking past Parliament , said he saw a man `` who looked quite angry with fists quite clenched '' .
`` He stared at me and my mate and we walked past him . Within seconds there was a shout and police ran out of the front gate shouting at him 'Get on the floor , get on the ground ' .
`` Within seconds he was on the ground - I 'm not sure whether he was Tasered - I 'm not sure how he got down there , but in seconds it was over .
`` Armed police everywhere , telling everyone to move back , and we all got pushed back . ''
Security tightened
Security around Westminster was tightened following the attack by Masood , who was shot dead after fatally stabbing PC Palmer as he guarded Carriage Gate .
A review of security at the perimeter of the parliamentary estate was ordered by Commons Speaker John Bercow following the incident .
The use of armed officers and physical barriers have become more visible , while a permanent barrier has been erected to protect pedestrians on Westminster Bridge , where Masood murdered five people and injured more than 50 others by mounting the pavement in a car .
Garrett Brown — @ GarrettABrown on Twitter — sent this tweet to us :
[ blackbirdpie url= ” https : //twitter.com/GarrettABrown/status/295014071449841665″ ]
Now , to be clear , what the guy does in the commercial is not rape by any definition we know of . It is , however , most certainly an unwanted sexual advance , to a high school girl who did n't see it coming . Watch it again , you can see her flinch . Is this really the definition of # bravery , as Audi touts ? Is that how we want boys — coming of age and somewhat socially awkward — to think about the world ? That all they need is one manly instrument — in this case a car — to turn them into a sexually aggressive animal ? ( The boy even howls at the end . You know , like an animal . )
Addendum : One commenter asks these questions as well : “ What about the message that not having a date for a Prom is socially unacceptable , what about the boy should somehow feel empowered to act rebellious because of a car , what about the fact that the boy became the victim of violence ? ”
Comments , please . We will publish the best in our Comment of the Day .
PS : The video posted on YouTube has the note : “ You 'll have to watch the 1st of three alternate endings to the 2013 Audi Super Bowl commercial to see if his newly found bravery pays off . ”
PS : Using a man-made product to “ prove ” your masculinity reminds us of the equally heinous ads by Bushmaster , which suggest that all you have to do if your man card gets taken away is to buy a gun .
Did Agatha Christie have a spy in the government 's top-secret codebreaking centre at Bletchley Park ?
That was the fear of intelligence chiefs at MI5 during the second world war who were so concerned that they decided to investigate her contacts .
What made MI5 suspect one of Britain 's famous crime writers ? The answer , it can now be revealed , lay in the name of a character in her wartime novel N or M , whom she called Major Bletchley . He appears in the book as a friend of Christie 's pair of detectives , Tommy and Tuppence .
In the book , published in 1941 , N and M are the initials given to two of Hitler 's agents as Tommy and Tuppence hunt for the enemy within . Major Bletchley comes across as a tedious former Indian army officer who claims to know the secrets of Britain 's wartime efforts .
Christie happened to be a close friend of Dilly Knox , one of the leading codebreakers at Bletchley Park . MI5 was concerned that the major 's inside knowledge of the progress of the war was based on what the codebreakers knew about Hitler 's plans . Had Christie mischievously named the character Bletchley because Knox told her what was going on there ?
The codebreakers at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire had broken German Enigma machine cyphers , enabling Churchill and his military commanders to know what the enemy was planning . Berlin believed Enigma was unbreakable , making it all the more essential to ensure that only a very small circle of people knew what the codebreakers at Bletchley were up to .
What worried MI5 even more was that it was Knox who had just broken the Enigma machine cypher used by German secret service officers sending spies to Britain .
According to a new account of the achievements of Bletchley Park – The Codebreakers of Station X , by Michael Smith , published on Monday by Shire books – MI5 was anxious to find out what Christie knew . It sent officers to question Knox , fearing that if they or the police questioned Christie the investigation was certain to be publicised .
Knox said Christie could not possibly know what was going on at Bletchley , but agreed to ask her himself . He realised he had to be careful exactly what he said to the author . He invited her to his home at Courn 's Wood , Naphill in Buckinghamshire , and , according to friends of Knox , over tea and scones asked why she had named the Indian army major Bletchley .
Christie replied : `` Bletchley ? My dear , I was stuck there on my way by train from Oxford to London and took revenge by giving the name to one of my least lovable characters . '' MI5 was relieved .
Knox was dying of cancer when he broke the Enigma code used by German spymasters . He did not live to see how his discovery was a key factor behind the success of the `` D-Day Double Cross '' deception operation .
British military commanders deceived their German opposite numbers and knew that Berlin believed the allied landings would take place near Calais and not on the Normandy beaches .
in
No , prices are n't cooling off .
At least as far as TD Economics is concerned .
According to the recent report , there 's no relief in sight for prospective GTA buyers who were hoping to see the red-hot housing market cool off in 2017 .
`` One of most asked question to economists living in Toronto these days is : what 's going on with house prices ? The answer : it 's complicated . Home prices in the Greater Toronto Area ( GTA ) have risen by an average of 19 % over the past twelve months , marking the fastest pace since the late 1980s , '' the report reads . `` Whether you subscribe to the view that the heady price gains reflect supply constraints or demand factors ( it 's both ! ) , the evidence is stacking up that the GTA market has been divorcing from economic fundamentals since early 2016 . ''
TD Economics has upgraded its home price growth forecast to range between 20 and 25 per cent in 2017 . The increases should continue , as the financial institution is predicting sustained growth of three to five per cent in 2018 .
As for whether a correction is coming , it 's hard to make predictions .
`` Historically , it 's difficult to find a period across U.S. and Canadian markets where sustained home price growth of this magnitude was not followed by a period of contraction . The longer the cycle runs , the greater the risk of a contraction , '' the report reads . `` There are a number of policy tools tested in the global arena with some effectiveness in containing froth in demand , such as a foreign buyers tax and various macroprudential rules . ''
In terms of a foreign buyer 's tax , the government has toyed with the notion of implementing one in Ontario . While some people have supported the notion , other experts have argued it wo n't help , saying the price increases are more a supply and demand issue ( no inventory ) than an over-investment one .
And as for whether or not we 're living in a precariously thin bubble , TD says bubble talk is a `` distraction . ''
`` We caution in drawing comfort from conditions of tight supply or robust demand , as neither preclude the market ending badly nor the building of systemic economic risk . Having a debate on whether there 's a housing bubble is a distraction , since this tends to be confirmed only retrospectively . What we can say is that when comparing this housing cycle to previous ones that lack a happy ending , Toronto appears to be moving in that direction . ''
While that sounds disheartening , TD believes some forces—such as higher mortgage rates—could work to cool the market , but that 's not guaranteed .
`` We look for the effects of higher mortgage rates and eroding affordability to `` cool '' the GTA market in 2018 , but here too we would not be surprised to see an overshoot . ''
So whether prices will eventually drop is anyone 's guess .
Right now , house prices in Brampton and beyond are hotter than ever and could remain sky high for the foreseeable future .
By Amy Chen
International speculators are gambling on Vancouver 's real estate market without having to pay the 15 % foreign buyer tax by investing in subprime mortgage lenders , who in turn offer high-interest mortgages to Canadians to buy homes .
Wealthy investors from China have poured millions of dollars into Gentai Capital Corporation , who claim to control a $ 215 million dollar mortgage portfolio through Genesis Mortgage Investment Corporation , the Richmond-based lender 's disclosure documents show .
Gentai Capital Corporation promises an 8.24 % annualized return on investment , and Genesis MIC offers loans with an average interest rate of 10 % to customers who do n't qualify for traditional mortgages .
Mortgage broker Hongyu Tina Mu , who is listed as the founder and president of Gentai , also runs another mortgage company called Acer Mortgage Lending Corp out of the same registered address .
“ MICs provide mortgages to borrowers who , due to their credit history and credit risk profile , would typically not qualify for a loan with a regulated financial institution , ” Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation explains . “ Such borrowers , who fall outside the underwriting rules and guidelines followed by regulated lenders , may include self-employed individuals whose incomes are more difficult to verify , real estate investors and recent immigrants ”
“ Available evidence suggests that these lenders account for the majority of unregulated lenders and , in terms of value , the bulk of subprime lending in Canada , ” according to CMHC .
CMHC observed a rapid growth in this unregulated industry , and found that the majority of MICs were located in British Columbia .
Housing advocacy groups called on BC 's newly minted NDP government to crackdown on foreign-funded MICs .
“ Mortgage investment corporations are a double whammy for British Columbians , ” Affordable Housing Canada said in a statement . “ They are exacerbating the unaffordability crisis and setting us up for a repeat of 2008 subprime crisis . ”
“ It 's time for the new BC government to take action to shutdown this loophole by making all buyers who receive money from foreign-funded MICs pay the 15 % foreign buyer tax , ” AHC added .
The Grand Mosque and the Kaaba in the holy city of Mecca . AFP
More Chams taking the trip of a lifetime
A record number of Cambodian Muslims are undertaking the expensive – and arduous – journey to Mecca to take part in the hajj this weekend
In the days before she set off for the holy city of Mecca , 57-year-old Moe Vansi busily prepared a supply of rice and vegetables , home comforts in a foreign land . She brushed up on her Islamic law and endured rounds of vaccinations .
“ She almost cried when she got on the plane , ” said her son Meas Sokeo , a smartly dressed NGO worker who paid for her trip , one of the five pillars of Islam that all Muslims must complete , after saving up for seven years .
More than 1,000 Cambodian Muslims are among the crowds in Saudi Arabia this weekend to perform the hajj , walking between the hills of Safa and Marwah , kissing the Black Stone and drinking from the Zamzam Well .
Some 2 million faithful from all over the world converge on Mecca each year for the ancient pilgrimage , which began on Thursday and will last until the sighting of a new moon .
“ Hajj ” means “ effort ” in Arabic . And it is , as well as a spiritual effort , a physical one . Navigating crowds hundreds of thousands strong in baking heat , perils range from heatstroke to injury from pebbles hurled at towers symbolising the devil .
For Cambodian pilgrims , most of who speak neither Arabic nor English , and many of who are in their old age , the experience can be fraught .
A Muslim leader accepts a symbolic foam cow in Veal Khmom village . Scott Howes
“ Last year , we lost two . They have not been found , ” said Nazy Saleh , president of the Cambodian Muslim Media Center . The elderly pair is believed to have wandered away from their group and gone missing . At least two more elderly participants died .
Each year , Saleh goes to Phnom Penh airport , where crowds of Cham Muslims gather to see off friends and family . “ When they fly they might feel sick – sometimes it is their first time to board a flight , ” he said . “ They are very surprised . ”
But despite the risks and expense , the number of Cambodians making the pilgrimage is on the rise . “ There are around 1,000 hajjis this year ; if [ some ] were not stuck , maybe more than ever , ” said Saleh , referring to a group of more than 100 who were stranded in Kuala Lumpur last week .
“ There are some problems with visas because of the new regulations , ” said Saleh . “ [ Saudi Arabia ] plans to have a quota . Next time , there will be 1,000 people from Cambodia only . Because in Mecca , if you open to everyone , there are too many . ”
Sokeo 's mother was among the stranded group , though she has now made it to Mecca . She was lucky . “ Some of them already spent $ 3,200 , but they could not get a visa , ” Sokeo said . “ If Allah blesses us , we can go . ”
Muslims who want to complete the hajj have two options : apply for sponsorship or cough up the money to pay for the trip , usually as part of a package tour lasting 40 days and costing upwards of $ 3,000 a head .
Saudi Arabia , one of the Arab states that exert a strong influence on Cambodia 's 500,000-strong Cham Muslim community , funds some 40 hajjis each year . Not only are the air tickets paid for but , the government issues free passports .
Selections are made by the local authorities , and most of those awarded are to government and NGO employees , according to Saleh .
Cham Muslim men outside a mosque in Veal Khmom village , Tboung Khmom province . Scott Howes
“ Nepotism is there , but it is small , ” said Farina So , head of the Cham Oral History project at the Documentation Center of Cambodia ( DC-Cam ) .
As incomes rise , many are choosing to pay for a private trip , she continued . “ The increased need for spirituality ; the negative effect of globalisation – with development , people commit a lot of sins , and they want to get it off , ” she said .
Dozens of Facebook photos posted from last year 's hajj showed Cambodians in the ancient city : groups of men dressed in white , holding signs in Arabic . “ In the past , maybe six years ago , you could not see the real hajj , but now it 's everywhere [ online ] encouraging people to go , ” So said .
For those who do not make the trip , there is consolation in the celebrations that will take place this weekend in Cham communities to mark the festival of Eid-al-Adha , or the Feast of the Sacrifice , which coincides with the end of hajj .
On Tuesday morning , in Veal Khmom village , Tboung Khmom province , a crowd of hundreds of villagers gathered as Malaysian donors handed over a stack of foam cut-out cattle to symbolise the gift of 184 sacrificial cows .
“ If they were real cows , it would have been a bit dangerous , ” Chea Sopgara , minister for Rural Development , who presided over the ceremony , told the crowd .
Tomorrow flesh and blood counterparts will be sacrificed as Muslims commemorate Abraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son on God 's command .
San Nary , 27 , said she hoped one day to make it to Mecca .
“ I saw many people in my village going to hajj , and they came back and brought good deeds . However , Muslims need to have much money to go there . If they do n't have money , they are not allowed . ”
Reflecting on her own trip , 55-year-old Sos Thai Chaol said : “ I will never forget what I did there . I 'll always remember what I did inside the buildings of Mecca with so many good people . ”
NEW YORK , July 23 , 2015 – WNBA owners unanimously approved the relocation of the Tulsa Shock to the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area . The team will finish the current season in Tulsa before beginning play in Arlington in 2016 .
“ The WNBA is extremely grateful to the city of Tulsa and the team 's loyal fans . The support they have shown for the Shock and women 's professional basketball over the past six seasons has been tremendous , ” said WNBA President Laurel J. Richie . “ We look forward to having our first team based in the Dallas-Fort Worth area . ”
The fourth largest metropolitan area in the U.S. , Dallas-Fort Worth represents a well-established professional sports market with one of the top five national media markets .
The Shock will play at College Park Center on the University of Texas at Arlington campus , subject to approval by the University of Texas System 's Board of Regents . Additional information about the team will be forthcoming .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Boris Diaw got his wish -- he 's out of Charlotte .
The Bobcats announced Wednesday they 've waived the veteran forward .
Diaw 's agent said Wednesday morning that his client reached an agreement on a contract buyout that will allow him to sign with another team .
Doug Neustadt said Diaw is leaving Charlotte on good terms but that `` losing was tough this year and he really wants to be able to participate on a playoff team . ''
The Bobcats have won only seven games this season , worst in the NBA .
Bobcats president of basketball operations Rod Higgins had no comment on the move .
Diaw was in the final year of his contract and still owed about $ 2 million of his original $ 9 million salary this season . It 's unclear how much money Diaw gave up to leave .
The 29-year-old Diaw had fallen out of favor with coach Paul Silas this season and barely played in the last three weeks , often listed as inactive . He only played twice over the past eight games .
He started 28 games this season and averaged 7.4 points and 5.3 rebounds .
`` It was kind of known that Boris wanted to go somewhere else , '' said Bobcats guard Gerald Henderson . `` Boris has been one of my friends since I got into the league . I wish him the best . He will be great wherever he goes . ''
Henderson said even though everyone knew Diaw wanted out , he was never a distraction in the locker room or a divisive presence .
`` You have to continue to play with the guys we have , '' Henderson said . `` After he let it be known he did n't want to be here anymore , you just kind of have to move on . So that 's what we did . ''
Silas did not want to comment on Diaw 's departure .
Lee Kwang Soo was ready to do anything to keep the other “ Running Man ” members from taking over his house .
The episode of SBS 's “ Running Man ” that aired on March 5 had the cast helping the youngest screenwriter move her belongings to a new house as part of their mission .
The cast and staff were set to battle it out to see where the team would set up camp . If the cast won , they would be going to the house they 'd just moved all the belongings out of , but if they lost , one of them would have to give up their homes for the day .
Haha 's house was ruled out because his wife is pregnant with their second child , while Kim Jong Kook is living with his parents . The cast quickly came to the decision that if they lost , they would head for Lee Kwang Soo 's house , which left him sputtering to come up with an excuse to stop them .
Lee Kwang Soo has already had his house invaded by the “ Running Man ” cast and crew six times . Willing to do and say anything to stop it from happening again , he lied and said , “ Actually , I 'm sharing my house with a woman. ” He also cried out , “ Do n't you dare step one foot in my house . I 'll kick the cameras . Do n't do it . I just moved . ”
Seeing Lee Kwang Soo freak out , Yoo Jae Suk said , “ We have to win for Lee Kwang Soo . We need to protect his private life . ”
Luckily , the cast narrowly beat the staff and Lee Kwang Soo breathed a sigh of relief .
Source ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
By Lookout on Jan 22 , 2017 with Comments 0
Peter Mallett , Staff Writer ~
A study investigating the role of adaptive sport in the rehabilitation of current and former military has been launched by researchers at Dalhousie University ahead of the Invictus Games Toronto 2017 .
Invictus Games officials announced their involvement in the research during the 7th Annual Military and Veteran Research Forum held in Vancouver in November .
They will fund the sports psychology study that will involve approximately 200 competitors and 30 family members .
Established by Prince Harry in 2014 , the Invictus Games are the only international adaptive sporting event for wounded , ill and injured active duty and veteran service members . The Toronto edition of the Games will be the first time Canada has hosted the event . It will bring together 550 competitors from 17 nations competing in 12 sports .
The study , conducted by Dalhousie University and the Canadian Institute for Military and Veteran Health Research ( CIMVHR ) , will survey 200 Canadian and international competitors and ask a series of questions about their experiences in preparing for the games , during competition , and the long-term impact of the Games .
Researchers will then look for common trends in their responses in an effort to improve both policy and program delivery for current and former military service members with illnesses and injuries .
Lead researcher Celina Shirazipour said the study will provide unparalleled opportunity to fill research gaps and allow for the exploration of sport participation and its effects on the health and well-being of military personnel and their families for the short and long term .
“ We know sport has the potential to be beneficial , but we want to know what aspects of the Games positively impact athletes the most , ” said Shirazipour . “ In the end , the results will help us promote more enhanced program development for ill and injured service members and veterans , as well as their families . ”
She noted there have been studies done in the past about the benefits of sports and healing , but very little as to how it impacts injured veterans and military personnel and their families in their recovery , in the short and long term .
“ There have been very few researchers who have had the benefit of interviewing such a diverse number of service members and veterans from around the world , taking part in one sporting event , ” she said .
Shirazipour and her supervisor , Dr. Alice Aiken , have already begun to tackle one portion of their study , which will survey more than 250 randomly selected members of the Canadian public to find out what impact the Games will have on them . She said the goal of this portion of the study is to gauge public awareness both ahead of the Games and after they have wrapped up , in an effort to better understand public perceptions of injured currently serving military and veterans .
Shirazipour said preliminary results of the study will be announced at next year 's CIMVHR forum , which will be held in Toronto in the days leading up to the Invictus Games Opening Ceremony at the Air Canada Centre .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain ordered a year-long study of EU migration on Thursday to help it design a post-Brexit immigration system that is due to come into force just six months after report is completed .
FILE PHOTO : UK Border control is seen in Terminal 2 at Heathrow Airport in London June 4 , 2014 . REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
EU citizens ' freedom to live and work in Britain will end as soon as it leaves the bloc , scheduled for March 2019 , but ministers have said they will design a system that allows businesses to hire the workers they need .
However , with Brexit negotiations already under way and the EU hoping to wrap up talks by October 2018 , critics said the study should have been commissioned sooner and that uncertainty was already driving EU nationals out of the UK labor market .
Interior minister Amber Rudd asked the Migration Advisory Committee ( MAC ) , a public body that advises the government , to look at how migration affects the labor market and the wider economy , and how the post-Brexit rules need to work to support the country 's plans for an industrial revival .
Concern about the long-term social and economic impact of immigration helped drive last year 's vote to leave the EU , and the government has a long-standing aim to bring net migration into Britain below 100,000 . In 2016 , net migration was 248,000 .
“ The public must have confidence in our ability to control immigration — in terms of type and volume — from within the EU , ” Rudd wrote in an article for the Financial Times .
“ That is why , once we have left the EU , this government will apply its own immigration rules and requirements that will meet the needs of UK businesses , but also of wider society . ”
Ministers have so far said little about the kind of immigration system they want to replace the EU 's freedom of movement rules , leaving companies and workers in limbo and forcing some to make alternative plans
“ The government needs to explain why this study was n't commissioned a year ago , directly after the referendum , ” said lawmaker Ed Davey of the pro-EU Liberal Democrat party , citing lower numbers of EU nurses wanting to work in the health sector .
“ Ministers must explain how their negotiations will minimize the damage Brexit will do to our economy and public services . ”
A government statement said Rudd would stress in a letter to the MAC that “ there will be an implementation period when the UK leaves the EU to ensure there is no ‘ cliff edge ' for employers or EU nationals in the UK ” .
Rudd said the government would “ set out some initial thinking on options for the future immigration system ” later this year .
Immigration minister Brandon Lewis said the MAC would make interim reports , and that its work was not the only source the government would use to design its new immigration system .
A wide range of companies have already expressed concern that they will not be able to hire the people they need to operate , from skilled financiers to unskilled farmworkers . The effect could be to force them to relocate .
The government said the MAC , which is expected to report back in September 2018 , will be asked to look at a range of issues :
- Existing patterns of EEA ( European Economic Area ) migration , including which sectors rely most on EU labor .
- The economic and social costs and benefits of EU migration to the British economy .
- The potential impact of a reduction in EU migration and the ways in which both business and the government could adjust to this change .
- The existing impact of immigration , from both EU and non-EU countries , on the competitiveness of British industry and skills and training .
- Whether there is any evidence that the availability of unskilled labor has led to low UK investment in certain sectors .
- If there are advantages to focusing migrant labor on high-skilled jobs
6 years ago
( CNN ) - Ohio is joining Texas as one of the latest battlegrounds in the divisive fight over abortion .
Ohio 's Republican governor , John Kasich , signed into law Sunday night the state 's budget , which includes some controversial abortion provisions .
Follow @ politicalticker Follow @ psteinhauserCNN
Those measures will require ultrasounds for anyone seeking an abortion and limit abortion clinics from transferring patients to public hospitals . If they need more care after a procedure , patients will now have to seek out a private hospital . The budget will also make it more difficult for family planning groups in the Buckeye State to obtain funding for preventive care . And it puts Planned Parenthood behind clinics that do n't provide abortions , when it comes to obtaining state funding .
The provisions are part of an overall $ 62 billion budget , which includes a $ 2.7 billion tax cut and $ 1.5 billion for education . Kasich vetoed 22 line-items in the budget , but left the abortion provisions , which were passed Thursday by the Republican-controlled state legislature .
Kasich , who is up for re-election next year , did not take questions from reporters Sunday night after signing the budget .
No Democrats in the state legislature voted for the measures , and the party was quick to spotlight the governor 's move .
`` This is why Mitt Romney lost in 2012 '' was the headline from an email from Elisabeth Smith , a senior adviser and spokeswoman for the Democratic Governors Association .
`` Governor John Kasich , surrounded by a smiling group of Republican male legislators , just signed a bill in Ohio that will defund Planned Parenthood and force women seeking abortions to get medically unnecessary ultrasounds . These positions are controversial , unpopular , and well out of the mainstream in any state , let alone Ohio , '' Smith said in her email to reporters .
There was a similar message from the Democratic National Committee .
`` Kasich 's legislation is just the latest example of Republicans ' extreme agenda on women 's health- an agenda that aims to systematically prevent personal medical decisions from remaining between a woman and her doctor , '' said an email from the DNC .
Ohio is a crucial battleground state in presidential politics . It was the state that put President George W. Bush over the top in his 2004 re-election , but was won by President Barack Obama in his 2008 and 2012 election victories .
Ohio Right to Life termed the passage of the abortion measures as `` historic . ''
`` Ohio Right to Life applauds Governor Kasich and the vast pro-life majorities in the House and Senate , '' said Mike Gonidakis , the group 's president . `` It took great compassion and courage for our Governor and pro-life legislature to stand up to the abortion industry that blatantly pressured them . ''
`` The budget passed by the Ohio state legislature and signed by Governor Kasich last night reflects the pro-life priorities of Ohioans , '' agreed Marjorie Dannenfelser , President of the Susan B. Anthony List , a group `` dedicated to electing candidate and pursuing polices that will reduce and ultimately end abortion . ''
Kasich signed the abortion measures one day before the Texas state legislature was set to meet in a special session called by Gov . Rick Perry . The agenda for the special session includes a controversial measure that would prohibit most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy . The bill was sidelined last week following a filibuster by a Democratic state senator that captured national attention .
Despite meeting twice in the NCAA Tournament , Kentucky and Indiana have n't played in the regular season since 2011 , when their annual series was abruptly ended after 42 years .
It now appears with the coaching change in Bloomington , the Wildcats and Hoosiers are now on the clock .
New Indiana coach Archie Miller told fans and media at the annual IU event at Huber 's Orchard and Winery Wednesday that the resumption of the rivalry `` needs to happen . ''
Get the latest UK news sent straight to your inbox with our EMAIL NEWSLETTER
`` Well , I think Kentucky 's the one that everybody wants , '' Miller said .
And it looks like the pieces are in place to make it happen . Like Kentucky coach John Calipari , Miller is from Pittsburgh and the two are said to have a great relationship . Miller also employs former Calipari assistant Bruiser Flint on his new IU staff .
`` Bruiser , you may be able to get this done , '' Miller quipped .
Indiana Athletic Director Fred Glass says the Hoosiers are willing to budge on some of the previous hangups that kept the two schools apart .
`` I 'm optimistic that we 'll get it put back together primarily because it 's a very important series , '' Glass said . `` I 'm willing to compromise on some of the principles we had set out in terms of [ coming ] back to campus . I do n't want to negotiate with my cards up or lead with my chin or whatever the metaphor is but we 're willing to work with Kentucky to do something that makes sense for them to get the series back on track . ''
Glass is hopeful the two can finalize something within the next five years .
`` I 'm hopeful we 'll be able to feather than into the schedule in that time frame . I would hope within five years that 's something we could get to . ''
Kentucky leads the all-time series 32-25 . The Wildcats beat the Hoosiers in the NCAA South Regional semifinals en route to the national championship in 2012 . Indiana returned the favor with a second round win over Kentucky in 2016 .
`` The Daily Show '' host Jon Stewart is thinking -- `` a lot , '' he says -- about what 's next for him .
Could what 's next be a straight newscast instead of satire ?
He 's certainly not ruling it out .
Stewart , who was approached by NBC about moderating `` Meet the Press , '' told New York magazine that he 's contemplating his future . His `` Daily Show '' contract is up in a little less than a year .
He confirmed that he met with NBC News executives about `` Meet the Press , '' but `` spent most of it telling them what a crazy idea I thought it was . ''
When the interviewer , Chris Smith , said to him , `` And the truth is that you 're holding out for Brian Williams ' job , '' Stewart jokingly responded , `` That 's right . No . I want to be the first male host of 'The View . ' ''
But then he added this : `` Which is not to say that at some point maybe there will be another iteration of this conversation . ''
This conversation ... about leaping from Comedy Central to a network that makes the news rather than laughs about it ? Potentially . Stewart has dropped hints about it before .
When Smith asked whether the 2016 presidential election might motivate Stewart to stay at `` The Daily Show , '' Stewart said yes , but added , `` part of the thing to remember is this is not the only process by which you can work material , and sometimes it 's more important to step back and reconfigure a conversation than continue the same conversation because you know how to do it . ''
This might all be bluster ahead of contract renewal talks between Stewart 's representatives and Comedy Central . But Stewart sounds like a man who 's ready to try something different .
Stewart is also doing press for his directoral debut , a film called `` Rosewater , '' and he may choose that path instead of comedy in the future .
His protégé Stephen Colbert , meanwhile , already knows what 's next : Colbert is ending his Comedy Central show in December and is preparing to take over `` The Late Show '' on CBS next spring .
Settlers of Catan was once called `` the game of our generation '' by the Washington Post . Though that label flatters this Catan enthusiast , I 'm not sure it 's quite flattering enough . Die Siedler von Catan , at it was written in Germany when it was first published by the legendary Klaus Teuber in 1995 , depicts a world long ago , when resources like wood , brick , sheep , and rock were confined to relatively few uses , `` knight '' was a real term , and barbarians were a real issue -- characteristics not necessarily associated with `` our generation . '' Of course , one could easily make the argument that battling over and trading resources , protecting one 's borders , and fighting off the occasional invasion are universal themes . That 's getting closer to the point . Settlers of Catan is such a perfect game with such general appeal that it may simply be the best game ever created , regardless of generation , University Herald reported .
I look to the four major sports ( and perhaps I 'll include soccer as a fifth ) whenever I assess a game , whether it requires cards , dice , or cardboard hexagons . Take basketball , for example . Its objective is simple and so ( mostly ) are its rules . ( Thanks to Ginobli , Harden , Wade , and company , however , counting steps has become increasingly difficult ) . Yet , the sport never gets old because there are infinite ways to score a point . Though Catan may not possess the same never-ending creativity of basketball , soccer , et al. , it offers a refreshing range of possibilities for something as confining as a board game .
Catan 's variety ( and the heart of its genius ) is spurred primarily by its arrangement , which , as you likely know , comprises a series of hexagons that fit in any combination within a larger border . Adding to the mix are number tiles , placed on the hexagons randomly . I do n't have the permutations on hand , but twenty or so hexagons and a corresponding total of number tiles leads to more scenarios than one 's brain can actively remember ; hence , every game feels just a little different . ( I have n't even factored in trading , development cards , `` specials '' such as longest road and harbor master , sequel versions , and the roll of the dice . )
What other board game -- or any game not categorized as sport -- can make that claim ? Not many , but perhaps there are a few . Thus , Catan must be further distinguished .
My Wednesday night crew of settlers ( ages 24-29 ) consists of a lawyer , an accountant , a manager at a spa company , a marketing analyst , and me . Maybe those occupations do n't actually reveal that much ; maybe this does : none of us have ever read a comic book , played with magic cards , or ever ( before ) singled out a night of the week for the sole purpose of playing a board game ( and have n't missed a week in nearly a year , while keeping track of who wins , and separating standings into seasons ) . Basically , we 're not nerds , but we exhibit very nerd-like behavior in the scope of this game . That 's where Catan makes its final push as the greatest board game of all time . It appeals to everyone who appreciates the strategy of game .
Kristen Bickard ( the marketing analyst and my sister-in-law ) reiterated my point when I asked her why she thought Catan was so good .
`` Everybody who likes to play games likes Catan , '' she said .
Catan 's greatest downfall may be its name , which seems to evoke more involved , fantastical games played by a particular minority ( nerds ) . When given a chance , however , nearly everyone I have introduced it to likes it , though perhaps not quite enough on first play to voluntarily seek it out again . That 's the crux of the game 's relationship with the general public : because of its to-be discovered nuances and unrivaled variety , it only gets better with time , or at least more appreciated . Skeptics who double as game-lovers need only give it a chance and a second play ; then , they 'll be hooked . To quote a famous Taking Back Sunday lyric : `` close your eyes and settle , settle ... '' To modify it : `` Open your eyes and settle ! ''
For entry number one of the Catan Journal , click here .
For entry two , click here .
For entry three , click here .
High corporate and personal tax rates are the key priorities for reform , he said , as inflation pulls the average wage earner into Australia 's second-highest tax bracket over the next decade and corporate tax rates fall globally .
Corporate tax cut in limbo
“ The UK has reduced its main corporate tax rate . . . to 20 per cent from April next year . New Zealand has reduced its personal and corporate tax rate and shifted its tax base to more efficient tax bases such as the GST , but the structure of Australia 's tax system is essentially unchanged since the 1950s . ''
The Abbott government had promised to cut the corporate tax rate by 1.5 per cent to 28.5 per cent for 750,000 companies from July 1 , 2015 , but the change is in limbo because it is tied to the stalled paid parental leave scheme .
Dr Parkinson acknowledged the difficulty in winning the “ hearts and minds '' of Australians in arguing for corporate tax cuts , but said that work done by Treasury showed “ about half of all the benefit of a corporate income tax cut flow back relatively seamlessly towards employees . . . If you cut core income tax , you ­actually improve the rate of return for business that will actually flow through to shareholders , so shareholders would in many cases be Australian superannuation funds or Australian direct investors , but there are also a lot of foreigners , '' he said .
“ People will think , ‘ well , why cut the corporate income tax because the benefits will go to the foreigners ? ' Actually , what you are doing is lowering the hurdle rate of return on future investment and , if you lower the hurdle rate of return in a competitive world , you will get more investment coming in and – depending on the income and price elasticity of the product and how competitive the markets are – the benefits of that will show up in lower prices for the consumers and . . . in higher wages and more jobs for workers . ''
Leading businessman Tony Shepherd , who headed the government 's commission of audit , told the same PwC lunch that the GST was an obvious target for reform , but would require the difficult challenge of working with the states . “ It 's one that New Zealand has bitten the bullet on and , as a result , has been able to reduce some of their income taxes and remain competitive with Australia , and the community has been taken and sold on the total package and the government has n't suffered any loss of popularity as a result . ''
Dr Parkinson and Mr Shepherd were joined on the tax panel by PwC chief executive Luke Sayers , who also emphasised the need to sell the case for reform to the broader community .
“ We need to engage across the country in a peacemaking , deal-making way , '' he said . “ If this is done by big business , the government , the unions , or ACOSS or any one individual group , my belief is that we are going to be spectacularly unsuccessful . ''
Achives shed new light on the role played by astrology in World War II 4 March 2008 - The British National Archives at Kew , London have released new documents revealing more about the influence on astrology on the Second World War .
Imagine being an astrologer in Vienna in 1910 and a struggling Austrian artist gives you his birth details : April 20 , 1889 6.30pm . What could one say ? Well it appears a lot of astrologers have analysed Hitler 's chart with many different agendas .
The precision of Krafft 's Predictions unnerved the Nazis .
In 1923 , Hitler was impressed by a prediction that a man born on his birth date would sweep to power . After a later accurate prediction of an attempt to assassinate Hitler in 1939 , the Nazis arrested Swiss astrologer , Karl Ernst Krafft ( b . 10 May , 1900 – 1945 ) . Once convinced of his innocence , they employed his services in various ways .
How Krafft became Hitler 's astrologer
His first ‘ commission ' was from the Minister for Propaganda Goebbels who wanted Krafft to research and interpret the quatrains of the French 16th century mystic Nostradamus in a way that supported the longevity of the Third Reich . In 1940 , Krafft gave a private reading for Hitler to one of his aides , but never met the Fuehrer . Subsequently , Hitler was highly impressed by the results of one of Krafft 's forecasts and one that may have influenced the timing of Hitler 's initially successful attack ( Operation Barossa ) on the Soviet Union .
Allies counter Celestial Propaganda : just what the Spin Doctor ordered .
When the Allied forces became aware of the rising influence of astrology within the German High Command , various counter measures were taken to spread mystical propaganda and to second-guess the advice given to Hitler . Bogus sun sign horoscope columns were published around the world . Presumably , the theme was unlucky Taurus ( Hitler 's sun sign ) or Taurus not a good time for a Blitzkrieg etc !
“ It was hoped that the weight of celestial opinion would undermine Hitler 's authority and cause him to doubt his own decision-making ability. ” From The Sunday Times 12 Dec. , 2004
Louis de Wohl , astrologer , refugee , self-publicist and spook
Behind much of this Allied spin was astrologer Louis de Wohl ( born Ludwig von Wohl , 24 Jan 1903 , Berlin – d.1961 ) . He had escaped to London from Nazi Germany in 1935 to avoid persecution because of his Hungarian Jewish ancestry . In 1937 , he published his autobiography I follow my stars . De Wohl , a larger than life character , who smoked large cigars , has never been rated as an astrologer . And it seems likely that de Wohl 's gift of dramatising himself and his astrological expertise including his knowledge of Krafft 's techniques led to his recruitment by the Special Operations Executive ( SOE , the forerunner of MI6 ) under Churchill 's War Cabinet .
“ My opinion is that Louis de Wohl made no contribution to the theory and advancement of astrology , and it always surprises me that he is still quoted in some serious works. ” `` However much he tried to be the 'prophet ' he was no guru . '' ~ Dr Felix Jay , friend of Louis de Wohl and astrologer published in the Traditional Astrologer ( 1998 ) .
Reinventing Nostradamus
Captain de Wohl as was his rank at the time , worked for the SOE to anticipate and counter the work of Ernst Krafft . Part of this entailed inventing new quatrains to add to the work of Nostradamus . His book Nostradamus propezeit den Kreigsverlauf ( “ Nostradamus predicts the Course of the War ” ) naturally foretold the downfall of the Third Reich . In 1943 , huge numbers of copies were released over German occupied territories by Allied aircraft .
Given his superficial knowledge of astrology , it is hard to tell whether de Wohl was able to give the War Office any valuable insight into the advice emanating from Krafft up to Hitler . Maybe this will come out of the information to be released by the National Archives at Kew .
De Wohl 's Propaganda Tour of the USA
So far I have heard that Kew has more information about de Wohl 's propaganda tour of the United States in 1941 . The British authorities felt that the American public were very receptive to astrology and that de Wohl could use his astrological authority to turn them against Hitler . Whether this plan would have had any impact on the tide of opinion or not will never be known as the attack on Pearl Harbour ( 7 Dec 1941 ) triggered a series of events that made this propaganda exercise unnecessary .
Krafft 's Star falls from the Firmanent
Meanwhile , back in Germany , events were to make de Wohl 's job as military astrologer for the British , redundant . It is hard to know why Krafft fell out of favour . Certainly the solo flight of Rudolf Hess , Hitler 's deputy in the Nazi Party and a follower of the occult , to Scotland in 1941 to negotiate peace may have prompted Hitler to purge all forms of mysticism from his entourage . However , Krafft became increasingly ‘ blasphemous ' in the eyes of German High Command as he saw that the direction of the Third Reich in the changing astrological configurations , would lead to its eventual downfall .
“ Krafft warned the Reich that for victory to be certain , the war must end for Germany in 1943 ” . Wing , Richard ( 2012 ) . `` Hitler and the secret astrologers '' . Unexplained Mysteries
Krafft 's Final Years in Prison
Even when Krafft was sent to prison , he was made to work on the horoscopes of Allied military leaders . At one point he commented on the adversaries in the desert war : “ Well this man Montgomery 's chart is certainly stronger than Rommel 's ” . Eventually as his prognostications became increasingly negative towards the fate of the Wehrmacht , Krafft 's prison conditions deteriorated . He died of typhus in 1945 on his way to Buchenwald concentration camp .
de Wohl - author of religious fiction !
After the war , de Wohl focussed on Roman Catholicism and wrote historical and biblical based fiction . His novels which included the lives of saints such as : Ignatius Loyola , Joan of Arc , Thomas Aquinas , Augustine , Paul ; Roman Emperors and Popes . His last astrological book , The Stars of War and Peace ( 1952 ) embellished his unique `` part in Hitler 's downfall '' ( to use comedian Spike Milligan 's title ) . He made a good living as an author , married a German novelist Ruth Feiner and spent the rest of his life in the beautiful city of Lucerne , Switzerland .
We may never know what actually happened . Powerful people tend to hide their interest in astrology and some see it as a vulnerabilty . However , there is no doubt that the Germans benefitted from the advice of a superior astrologer , but his counsel was eventually unpalatable . The British picked a pseudo-astrologer whose skill simply did not live up to his claims . Had they wanted the advice of a lawyer or banker to outwit Hitler , surely they would have picked the best and most experienced professional in the nation .
Robert Currey
1st March 2008 Press coverage of the story [ 4 . March 2008 ] British 'studied ' Hitler 's Stars BBC
Nazi star wars : How Britain recruited a German to second guess ... Daily Mail , UK -
In the battle against Hitler , he was one of the more unlikely figures - a German astrologer who claimed he could predict the Fuhrer 's war plans . ...
In the battle against Hitler , he was one of the more unlikely figures - a German astrologer who claimed he could predict the Fuhrer 's war plans . Star turn : astrologer who became SOE 's secret weapon against Hitler
The Observer Blog , UK -
Stop Press ! Since writing this story , at the 50th Anniversary Astrological Association Conference , I learnt that another astrologer , Brigadier Roy Firebrace , who founded the AA , played a key role in the War . He spoke 13 languages , was head of Scottish intelligence and translated between Churchill and Stalin during World War Two . Source : Peter Firebrace , grandson of Roy Firebrace Sept.2008 . Your Personal Year Forecast gets you the inside track . This booklet is like a map , but set out with dates , that you can use to make the coming year successful and fulfilling .
Story highlights Pro-North Korean publication : Bae expects a visit from U.S. diplomat soon
American says he 's been in labor camp for 3 weeks , reports Choson Sinbo
A State Department official says U.S. is `` deeply concerned '' by Bae 's move from a hospital
Arrested in 2012 , Bae is accused of plotting to topple North Korea government
American Kenneth Bae , who is being held in North Korea , has been moved from a hospital to a labor camp , the State Department said on Friday .
Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement that the United States was `` deeply concerned '' by the development .
`` We also remain gravely concerned about Mr. Bae 's health '' and again urge Pyongyang to grant him `` special amnesty and immediate release on humanitarian grounds , '' she said .
Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast .
A devout Christian and father of three , Bae operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to his family and freekennow.com , a website that friends set up to promote his release .
JUST WATCHED N. Korea moves American to labor camp Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH N. Korea moves American to labor camp 02:03
The North Korean government accused Bae of planning to bring down the government through religious activities .
Last month , he told reporters that he had committed a `` serious crime '' in the secretive nation and that he had not experienced abusive treatment by the regime .
Any statement by Bae in captivity would be sanctioned by the North Korean government .
Choson Sinbo -- a pro-North Korean publication with offices in Tokyo and Pyongyang that has claimed to have interviewed Bae in the past -- indicated in a report on its website Saturday that it had talked to him again .
According to the site , Bae said he 'd been at a labor camp for about three weeks , during which time he works and also has some time to watch television and read books .
Choson Sinbo claims that Bae has been told to expect a visit from Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , as early as this coming Monday .
Psaki said late last month that the United States is `` prepared to send Ambassador King '' to North Korea to discuss Bae .
PATERSON , Wash. – If you ever wanted to make wine but could n't afford it or did n't want to get your hands dirty , here 's your opportunity .
Columbia Crest , one of Washington 's largest and most recognized wineries , is going to crowdsource a Cabernet Sauvignon during the next 18 months .
“ We are asking our fans every question we face on a weekly basis , ” said Juan Muñoz-Oca , head winemaker for Columbia Crest . “ We want to engage our friends and family by asking out loud the questions we ask . ”
The winery in the southern Horse Heaven Hills has set aside an acre of Cabernet Sauvignon that normally is used to produce its award-winning Reserve Cab and – through a special website – will get the public involved .
“ We 're going to do what the crowd says , ” Muñoz-Oca told Great Northwest Wine . “ We are hoping to get people engaged and excited about it . ”
On a special website – http : //www.crowdsourcedcabernet.com/ – anyone can check out the block of grapes via three live webcams . One shows the vineyard , one shows a row , and one shows some ripening grapes .
The first question being asked is should the winery thin the grapes as color begins to appear . If the crowd answers “ Yes , ” then the vineyard staff will do it . If not , then it wo n't .
Muñoz-Oca and his team will provide information and education about each process with the goal of guiding fans toward the right answers .
“ If we feel the crowd is making the wrong decision , we can try to persuade them with some reasons why we would like to see it go one way or another , ” Muñoz-Oca said . “ But ultimately , if the crowd decides to pick ( for example ) , then we 'll pick . We 're hoping the crowd will have some knowledge . We hope everyone collectively will make the right decisions . ”
1,000 cases of Columbia Crest Crowdsourced Cabernet
[ youtube id= ” 4s_4mWo2H_A ” width= ” 620″ height= ” 360″ ]
The process for the 2014 Crowdsourced Cabernet will take about 18 months . Muñoz-Oca is n't sure if it will start over for a 2015 crowdsourced wine . That 's a decision that will be made over the winter , before the 2015 growing season begins .
Ultimately , about 1,000 cases of Crowdsourced Cabernet will be made . The wine 's collective of virtual winemakers will get first crack at purchasing the wines , followed by the Columbia Crest wine club . Any wine that is left after that will be for sale in the winery 's retail shop .
Columbia Crest 's Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon tends to garner high scores from critics – the 2005 vintage was ranked No . 1 wine in the world in 2009 by Wine Spectator magazine . The Crowdsourced Cabernet also will go out for review , says Muñoz-Oca .
“ If it gets bad reviews , it will be my fault , ” he said with a chuckle . “ If it gets great reviews , it will be everyone 's achievement . ”
Either way , Muñoz-Oca does n't fear his job will ever be replaced by a crowdsourcing public .
After all , someone has to do the dirty work .
Video via YouTube user jasonteknut
Death Cab For Cutie are n't exactly known as a fiery band , but that does n't mean frontman Ben Gibbard is immune to being ticked off . On Wednesday evening during the band 's show at Charleston , South Carolina 's Volvo Car Stadium , that became clear when Gibbard lost his cool and stormed off stage .
From video of the incident above , it 's not entirely evident what happened . In the middle of performing “ Soul Meets Body ” , Gibbard abruptly ripped his earpieces out , tossed aside his guitar , and attempted to keep singing . When the band lost the rhythm , though , he knocked down his mic stand and quickly walked off stage right ( via Pitchfork ) .
Though the cause of Gibbard 's anger is n't immediately clear , a Setlist.fm recap of the show points to “ an audience member throwing things at him ” as a possible cause . The video indeed shows something went down in the front row , as one audience member pointed out another and waved over security , who can be seen standing on the rail and engaging someone . Drummer Jason McGerr also stood up and pointed to someone in the same area , which caused the band to fall out of time and Gibbard to leave the stage .
Update : According to Consequence of Sound reader Liz ( see comments below ) , the cause of the disturbance were a few rowdies , “ drunken ” fans in the first row . These “ seriously obnoxious ” few were apparently scream-singing along and trying to start a mosh pit . When other fans pushed back , the unruly group became even more disorderly and attempted to start a fight . Other attendees circled around them until security could pull them out of the show , but apparently the scuffle was enough of a distraction that Gibbard felt the need to take a breather .
The band would return to finish their set , albeit a shorter one than other recent tour stops . Still , the SC crowd did get a special treat , as Lauren Mayberry of openers CHVRCHES joined DCFC early in the show for a performance of “ Brothers on a Hotel Bed ” . You can watch video of that guest appearance below .
Plastic bottle recycling was a difficult business to be in last year , with negative trends seen in collection , processing and pricing , according to an annual report on the industry sector .
“ 2016 was not a particularly good year , ” said Dave Cornell , technical consultant for the Association of Plastic Recyclers ( APR ) . The industry association and the American Chemistry Council ( ACC ) jointly released the latest national post-consumer plastic bottle recycling report this week .
The U.S. bottle recycling rate fell 1.4 percentage points to 29.7 percent in 2016 . The groups point to declining collection volumes , rising contamination and shifting export markets as factors contributing to the decline .
Collection drops
While the total amount of resin used to make new bottles grew , collection of used bottles shrank . Those diverging numbers led to an overall collection of about 2.9 billion pounds out of nearly 9.8 billion pounds of resin sold onto the market for bottle production . The 29.7 percent recycling rate was down from 31.1 percent in 2015 . That figure was down slightly from 2014 , which concluded 20-plus years of growth .
Collection figures decreased for both PET and HDPE bottles , which together make up 97.1 percent of the domestic plastic container market . PET collection dropped by 44 million pounds , and HDPE collection dropped by 31.7 million pounds . Cornell described both those figures as “ significant ” numbers that could not be attributed to statistical error .
PP collection , however , rose by 4.8 million pounds from 2015 to 2016 . In 2015 , PP container collection tonnages equated to 17.9 percent of total PP container resin put on the market . That figure rose to more than 20 percent last year .
Despite the negative trend , a press release from ACC and APR points to a compound annual growth rate of 2.1 percent over the past five years , meaning the decline has not been enough to offset the recycling growth in recent years .
Multitude of challenges
Bale prices across the board were depressed in 2016 , Cornell said , which he attributed to the crude oil price dropping 16 percent from the previous year .
“ What we saw was recycled materials had to sell at competitive prices , ” he said . “ The prices dropped , [ and ] as the prices dropped there was pressure exerted on all aspects of the recycling stream , from the collection through the processing through the use . ”
“ Saddle that with contamination issues which we 've seen for many years , and it 's a very tough business to be in in 2016 , ” Cornell added .
Contamination presented “ an ongoing challenge to reclaimers ” of both HDPE and PET bottle bales , the report stated . HDPE bale yields averaged 79.1 percent in 2016 , compared with 80 percent a year earlier and 81.8 percent two years prior . PET yields varied widely based on the source of the bottles , from the mid-60s to the mid-70s percentages .
The use of lighter-weight bottles also negatively impacting recycling collection , according to the report .
“ Lightweighting helps companies to meet economic and sustainability goals and is a relentless force in bottle making , ” the report states . But , it adds , “ recycling is denominated by weight and reduced weight per container adversely affects recycling economics . ”
Where the material goes
Exports back in 2008 were in the 40 to 50 percent range , meaning almost half of material collected was being shipped out of the country . But in the past nine years exports have declined markedly .
In 2016 , exports across the board decreased by 37.6 million pounds from a year earlier , meaning about 20.1 percent of collected bottles were sent out of the country . By resin , HDPE exports grew slightly , whereas PET and PP exports declined .
For both HDPE and PET , end-market trends varied by product . Bottles and pipe – the largest markets for recycled HDPE container plastics – shrank as a portion of the end-market sector . Film , sheet , crates and buckets also shrank , but the lawn and garden , automotive and decking sectors grew as downstream outlets for recycled HDPE containers .
For PET , bottle , fiber , and strapping increased as end markets , whereas sheet and film fell .
More stories about research
Browse Course Directories
Browse all course directories by subject , education level , or goal . Our collection of online college classes for credit will help you find the course that 's right for you . We offer online college courses with transferable credit on subjects like Biology , Business , Calculus , and more . Over 1,500 colleges and universities consider Study.com 's college courses for transfer credit , so you can save time and money on your education .
Use Study.com 's online high school courses to learn about Biology , English , Math , and more . These video courses created by academic experts will teach you key concepts in a fun and engaging way . Each video lesson breaks down ideas into manageable pieces that are easy to understand and remember . With on-demand flexibility , you can easily fit our online classes into your schedule and study when you have time . Whether you 're learning these subjects for the first time or looking for a study guide to help improve your grade , these high school courses will help you succeed .
Study.com 's collection of test prep courses will help you feel confident on test day and ace your exams . Our on-demand test prep courses cover a wide-range of exams . These include school entrance exams like the ACT , SAT , and GRE , and test prep courses for teacher certifications like PRAXIS , NES , and TExES . We also offer test prep classes for military placement exams , like the ASVAB . Whatever your test , we can help .
All the talent in the world at quarterback wo n't save you if your wide receivers ca n't hang onto the ball . That 's why drop rate is one of the most important statistics to keep track of for a receiver .
Going by that measure , there 's nobody better in the business than Mohamed Sanu of the Atlanta Falcons .
According to Pro Football Focus , Sanu has the lowest drop rate in the league over the last two years , including his final season with the Cincinnati Bengals :
Who do you think has the best hands in the league ? Here is what the data says pic.twitter.com/DT5GritB9z — Pro Football Focus ( @ PFF ) June 14 , 2017
Sanu was targeted a total of 81 times by Matt Ryan last season and he only dropped one of them . He finished the year with 59 catches , 653 yards and four touchdowns .
The year before in Cincinnati , Andy Dalton targeted Sanu 49 times and he did not drop a single one of them .
While he lined up all over the field , Sanu was the most effective working from the slot , where he had the NFL 's highest catch rate .
Climate scientists tend to agree that even if humans stopped burning fossil fuels today , we 'd still see some further warming and climate change from all the carbon dioxide we 've already loaded into the atmosphere . We 'll need to adapt regardless — it 's just a question of how much .
A rare `` king tide '' in Washington D.C. , which the EPA describes as a harbinger of what sea-level rise might look like .
The White House underscored that point on Friday when it issued a new executive order directing federal agencies to help states and communities prepare for the effects of climate change , including sea-level rise , storms , and droughts .
The Obama administration is still focused on cutting U.S. greenhouse gases — the official goal is to get carbon-dioxide emissions down 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 . That 's why regulators have set stricter fuel-economy standards for cars and light trucks — reaching 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025 — and are planning carbon rules for coal- and gas-fired power plants .
But those cuts — even if paired with cuts by China , India , and other countries — ca n't halt climate change entirely . The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , for instance , estimates that global sea levels are likely to rise 1 to 2 feet by 2100 even if the world radically constrains its fossil-fuel use . ( The IPCC estimates that sea levels could rise 2 to 3 feet or more if emissions go unchecked . )
To that end , there are a few key aspects of the White House memo :
1 ) Federal infrastructure spending will have to take climate into account . Agencies are supposed to examine their policies and find ways to help states prepare for the effects of climate change .
So , for example , federal disaster-relief programs that help coastal communities rebuild after a storm or flood will have to take into account the possibility that the next storm or flood could be even worse . Likewise , roads and bridges built with federal money will have to be planned with changing climate conditions — such as future sea-level rise — in mind .
2 ) Water- and land- management will get revamped . Agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Interior will have to review their land- and water-management policies to take shifting conditions into account .
For example , agencies will have to `` evaluate how to better promote natural storm barriers such as dunes and wetlands '' and figure out `` how to protect the carbon sequestration benefits of forests and lands to help reduce the carbon pollution that causes climate change . '' ( The EPA has already released its plans to this effect . )
3 ) The federal government will try to provide better data on what climate impacts are actually coming . As part of the executive order , federal agencies are supposed to offer better information `` that state , local , and private-sector leaders need to make smart decisions . ''
One example : Back in January , a federal advisory council released a draft 1,000-page National Climate Assessment that looked at how climate change was likely to affect various parts of the United States . The White House explained that the information was aimed at everyone from `` farmers deciding which crops to grow , to city planners deciding the diameter of new storm sewers they are replacing , to electric utilities and regulators pondering how to protect the power grid . ”
There are also a few other bureaucratic aspects of the memo , like the creation of a new interagency `` Council on Climate Preparedness and Resilience '' and a task force with state and local leaders .
By and large , the federal government has been fairly slow in responding to ongoing climate change . One example : The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) has usually based its analyses of flooding risks on historical data — which does n't do much good if sea-levels are rising or storms are expected to become more frequent in parts of the country .
Only recently did FEMA announce that it would update its flood insurance maps from the 1980s and set up a `` technical mapping advisory council ” to look at how the agency might take global warming into account . It 's a slow process , and often disruptive — its quite possible , for instance , that some homeowners could see their flood-insurance premiums rise as a result of the new maps .
But that broader shift in government has been a slow , uneven process . A recent analysis from the Center for American Progress found , for instance , that the federal government still spends $ 6 on disaster relief for every $ 1 it spends preparing for natural disasters , even though putting a greater focus on the latter could save money in many cases .
Further reading :
-- Here 's a more detailed breakdown of the Obama administration 's climate plan .
-- Here are all the different orders that the White House has issued specifically on adaptation since 2009 .
Hillary Clinton slammed President Donald Trump 's foreign policy Friday , saying his national security team is in “ disarray ” and that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has n't reached out to her for advice since taking over as the nation 's top diplomat .
“ I do n't know who [ Tillerson ] has reached out to . He certainly has n't reached out to me , ” Clinton , who led the State Department in President Barack Obama 's first term , told PBS NewsHour 's Judy Woodruff . It 's common practice in Washington for new cabinet officials to reach out to predecessors for advice about their new jobs .
Clinton singled out Mr. Trump 's approach to North Korea , which fired a missile over Japan Friday morning , the latest in a series of recent threats , including North Korea 's sixth nuclear test earlier this month , that has raised alarms across the region . And she criticized Trump for making “ diplomatic pronouncements on Twitter ” and praising foreign adversaries like North Korea 's dictator Kim Jong-un and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
“ He 's being played by these dictators in a way that undercuts our credibility and the capacity to come up with a diplomatic solution in that region . ”
“ He 's being played by these dictators in a way that undercuts our credibility and the capacity to come up with a diplomatic solution in that region ” and around the world , Clinton said of Trump . “ I 'm deeply concerned , and I think in many ways the Trump presidency poses a clear and present danger to our country and to the world . ”
The United States and its allies have struggled for years to slow North Korea 's nuclear program , with little success . But Clinton said there were several options to deter North Korea and protect U.S. allies in the region .
They include a “ full court diplomatic effort , ” and strengthening Japan and South Korea 's missile defense systems , Clinton said , a move that could encourage China to put pressure on North Korea to rein in its behavior . For its part , China has starkly criticized the U.S. deployment of some missile defense systems to South Korea .
READ MORE : North Korea fired another missile over Japan . Here 's what we know
Clinton said Tillerson has been “ largely invisible excepting for his obsession with cutting the budget at the State Department. ” Tillerson has defended proposed cuts to the State Department included in the White House 's proposed budget , saying that his goal is to make the department run more efficiently while prioritizing hard power and that some cuts could be offset by private philanthropy .
Defense Secretary James Mattis , Clinton added , has filled the leadership vacuum on both defense and diplomatic issues for Trump , who was not well-versed on foreign policy when he entered office and surrounded himself largely with Washington outsiders .
“ You have a White House that has been in disarray over national security from the very first day . ”
Mattis “ often acts like both secretary of defense and secretary of state because there 's a big void to fill there , ” Clinton said .
Clinton also went after the Trump administration 's overall approach to national security , an issue she highlighted in the presidential election when she called out Trump 's inexperience on foreign policy .
Trump fired his first national security adviser , Michael Flynn , less than one month after taking office , after news surfaced that Flynn — who advised the Trump campaign — had lied about his contacts with Russian officials .
The White House “ has been in disarray over national security from the very first day , ” Clinton said .
Clinton is back in the news this week following the publication of a new memoir , “ What Happened , ” where she explains why she thinks she lost the 2016 election .
In the book , Clinton admits to making several mistakes in the run up to the race and then during the campaign , including using private email as secretary of state and making paid speeches to Wall Street banks .
But Clinton also blamed other forces for her loss , including sexism among many voters , former FBI Director James Comey 's role in the race , and media coverage of the campaign that she argued focused too much on her private email server , instead of substantive policy issues .
See Judy Woodruff 's extended interview with Hillary Clinton on Friday 's broadcast , and more from the conversation online here .
Campaigning along the Virginia coast on Wednesday , Mrs. Clinton pilloried Mr. Trump for his “ Twitter rants and conspiracy theories ” and called his approach to national security entirely unserious .
“ Not one of Donald Trump 's reckless ideas would have saved a single life in Orlando , ” she said .
There have been scattered indications that Mr. Trump understands that he must , to some degree , adapt his approach for the general election . Even as he has publicly dismissed suggestions that he revise his policy proposals and campaign style , he has seemed , at times , to seek a wider audience for his message .
In his speech in New Hampshire on Monday , while warning ominously about Muslim immigration , Mr. Trump also pitched himself as a champion of gay and lesbian Americans , whom he described as acutely menaced by the rise of radical Islam .
While he did not abandon his call for a full stop to Muslim immigration to the United States , Mr. Trump described his proposal in somewhat more clinical language . Instead of explicitly demanding a religious test for all migrants , he said he would favor cutting off entry from countries with a history of exporting terrorism .
And in a nod to the growing calls — from Democrats and a handful of Republicans — for new gun control measures , Mr. Trump said he would meet with National Rifle Association officials and reiterated his past support for restricting gun purchases by people on terrorism watch lists .
Still , Mr. Trump 's anti-Muslim language and explosive personal style have overshadowed those comparatively modest concessions to mainstream politics . In the tenor of his speeches and his most consequential policy demands , he has hewed closely to the model of his insurgent primary campaign , in which he strung together victories by appealing to a zealous faction of the Republican base that applauded his rejection of political norms .
Despite his comments over the last week , Mr. Trump is unlikely to lose any support from that constituency . In the general election , however , he must win over a much larger and more diverse collection of voters who have , so far , rejected his signature proposals .
Ludovic Marin/AFP/Getty Images
French research funding is set for a heartening increase in the country 's first budget under President Emmanuel Macron , if draft 2018 plans released on 27 September are voted into law .
The research portfolio of France 's ministry of higher education , research and innovation would rise by more than 6 % , to €8.4 billion ( US $ 9.9 billion ) in 2018 . And on top of that , a giant economic-recovery plan unveiled on 25 September by Prime Minister Edouard Philippe should divert an extra €2.4 billion to research over the next five years .
The cash injection will lead to a “ small revolution ” , said Frédérique Vidal , the country 's minister for higher education , research and innovation at a press conference the day after the budget release . In particular , Vidal said that France 's public laboratories stand to gain money after years of cuts . “ We all know we have come to the end of a movement where laboratories ' allocations have been trimmed , year after year . With the 2018 budget , we are reversing the trend and are starting to give fresh oxygen to our research , ” she said .
Scientists who have long campaigned for more funding praised the proposals . “ It is a signal that President Macron and the government have understood the long-term consequences of the funding crisis that has hit universities and research agencies for years , ” says Patrick Lemaire , a biologist at the University of Montpellier and founder of the researcher-led campaign group Sciences en Marche .
For Bernard Meunier , a chemist and a past president of the French Academy of Sciences , the most positive point of the budget was that Vidal seemed to recognize the poor state of French labs ' finances . “ There could n't be any further cut in their funding , because there is practically nothing left . The minister is aware there is a problem , whereas her predecessors said there was n't , ” he says .
In the draft proposal , the French National Research Agency ( ANR ) , which funds individual projects on a competitive basis , would see its budget rise by 5 % , to €706 million — although its funding levels are still slightly lower than they were in 2012 , and it still has no head after former president and chief executive Michael Matlosz resigned in July . Competition for grant funding remains fierce at the ANR , where only around 12 % of grant applications are successful , and Lemaire doubts that the extra money will do much to improve that .
The funding boost is welcome , but not sufficient on its own to transform the agency , says Meunier . “ We need the ANR to be restructured to permit more blue-skies funding and simpler grant-application procedures , ” he says .
There would be a smaller increase for the country 's public-research bodies — including the basic-research agency CNRS and the biomedical agency INSERM — which give out grants and run their own laboratories , many of them jointly with universities . These agencies see their collective spending rise by just over 1 % , to €5.94 billion . Some of the money will be used for Macron 's Make Our Planet Great Again campaign , which aims to attract foreign climate scientists to France .
This year 's budget is the first since Vidal , a biochemist who was president of the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis from 2012 to 2017 , was appointed to the research ministry . In a sign that France 's government is taking the post more seriously , Vidal 's role was also made more senior : she reports directly to the prime minister , whereas her predecessor , Thierry Mandon , reported to a minister for education .
The proposed increases are all the more welcome because the European Commission is pressuring France to rein in its deficit . This July , around €184 million was trimmed from the ministry 's 2017 budget for research , as part of a series of public-spending cuts .
France 's controversial system of tax credits for companies that conduct research will remain in place , economy and finance minister Bruno Le Maire told reporters . The system , which costs the state up to €6 billion a year in tax revenues , has come under fire for alleged abuses : critics say companies use it to reduce their tax bill , rather than to increase their research spending . But Le Maire said he would simplify the system to make it easier for smaller companies to apply for credits , although he did not give details .
Macron , meanwhile , has urged the European Union to pay more attention to research . In a 26 September speech , he argued that the EU should create an agency to accelerate the commercial applications of basic science , with the idea of spurring innovation in fields such as artificial intelligence .
The never-ending contract dispute between Joey Bosa and the San Diego Chargers has become bothersome . In fact , it has festered beyond the point of absurdity and it 's time for someone - me - to call bullsh * t. So let 's break this mess down point-by-point in a language we can all understand and see if we ca n't decipher between reality and fiction .
By way of a quick recap , the two sides are hung up on two key contractual points ; 1 ) offset language and 2 ) signing bonus deferment .
For both sides , the entire holdout comes down to a debate of precedent .
The Bosa camp is arguing that since the slotting system , which assigns the length , total value and bonus money in rookie deals based on where the player is drafted was instituted , the precedent has been repeatedly set for top five picks to receive either no offset or no deferment .
For the Chargers part , they would have us believe removing the offset language and/or eliminating the bonus deferment simply is n't done . They would have us believe they are simply pushing for what all other teams write into their rookie contracts , that they are merely protecting the way they do business and can not set a new precedent for anyone , especially not a rookie .
But what if the facts paint a different portrait entirely ? What if the Chargers are full of sh * t ?
Fact : Since the slotting system went into effect in 2012 ( five drafts ) , every third overall pick has signed a contract in which either the offset was removed or their signing bonus was paid in full by the end of their rookie season , as Bosa is requesting .
Fact : 16 of the 20 top five picks from 2012-2015 either received their bonus by the end of their rookie season or had the offset language removed from their deal .
Fact : Three of the top five picks , and five of the top seven picks to have signed this year , either have no offset language or will receive their bonus before the end of the 2016 season .
Fact : Both Jared Goff and Jalen Ramsey signed deals which guaranteed them their signing bonus before the end of the 2016 season AND removed the offset language .
What does all this mean ? Simply put , it means that while it may not be the `` Chargers way '' to negotiate the offset language or the timing of the signing bonus , it is how the league conducts its business with its top five picks . This really makes how they go about their business irrelevant and makes them look petty .
And now the kicker ... Joey 's camp has reportedly been very upfront about their willingness to compromise on these points by settling for one or the other . And they have communicated this stance since May . They are n't , as some has reported , holding out for both . Much to the contrary , it 's pretty clear the offset language would become a non-issue if the team would just give some ground on the bonus .
In other words , the Chargers earned the third pick in the draft , entertained trade offers , and elected to draft a player they 've coveted for nearly three years . They made that player the first defensive player off the board , gushed about his having come from a `` football family '' , raved about his work ethic and desire to be great ... and then promptly tried to strong-arm he and his super agent into taking a deal no third overall pick has ever accepted in the history of the slotting system because `` that 's how they do business '' . Like I said , I call bullsh * t .
I think what bothers me the most about this whole ordeal is that the Chargers had to know this was the cost of doing business in the top five and they still decided to attempt to strong-arm Tom Condon and Joey Bosa into taking a deal no other third overall pick has accepted in the history of the slotting system . Frankly , trying to pull this garbage with Tom Condon , of all agents , speaks volumes of just how out of touch they are with the rest of the league and , of course , sheds an unfavorable light on how they go about their business .
So , the question becomes , why wo n't the Chargers pick up the phone , agree to pay Bosa 's bonus out early and get this deal done ? Why on earth do they feel the need to apply leverage and overcomplicate a situation that should be simple ?
Why ? Because If history has shown us anything , it 's that the Chargers almost always do things the wrong way . That 's why I submit to you that the time has come for the team to stop worrying about how `` they do business '' and focus instead on how the league conducts business with its top five picks . That 's right ; it 's time to stop treating their NFL franchise like a freaking corner lemonade stand , stop stepping on their own d * cks , and get this done . This is embarrassing and it needs to end now .
So , with all this in mind , I call bulls * t ; and its time everyone else did , too .
A new report from a conservative * education think-tank rips Texas ' new standards for teaching history , marking them as among the worst in the nation .
The Fordham Institute gave Texas and 28 other states a failing grade ( a D or F ) in history education . Only South Carolina got an A from the group , although a few states got an A-minus .
The study looked at the details of each state 's curriculum , how the material is presented , and whether it is taught in a coherent sequence .
Texas ' standards , they said , buck the national trend of liberalism in education and are too far to the right .
The Fordham Institute has graded the states before , but this is the first time since the conservative-dominated State Board of Education rewrote Texas ' social studies curriculum in May , 2010 . Among other changes , the new plan emphasizes what the state board called the influence of religion on America 's founding . It also downplays the importance of slavery .
Many groups have criticized the curriculum as being historically inaccurate . The new report agrees .
Here 's an excerpt :
Native Americans , disproportionately discussed in many other states , are almost totally missing . Slavery is downplayed and segregation barely mentioned — omissions pointedly noted by former U.S. education secretary ( and Houston superintendent ) Rod Paige . Members of the SBOE also showed themselves determined to inject their personal religious beliefs into history education . “ Judeo-Christian ( especially biblical law ) ” and “ Moses ” are , incredibly , listed as the principal political influences on America 's founders . The separation of church and state , a much-debated and crucial concept in the drafting of the state constitutions ( 1777–1781 ) and the federal Constitution ( 1787 ) , is simply dismissed . ( page 15 )
Click here to read the report for yourself .
* Editor 's note : To be clear , we call the Fordham Institute “ conservative ” partly based on what they have previously said about some groups in the field of social studies :
Its leaders were people who had plenty of grand degrees and impressive titles but who possessed no respect for Western civilization ; who were inclined to view America 's evolution as a problem for humanity rather than mankind 's last , the best hope ; who pooh-poohed history 's chronological and factual skeleton as somehow “ privileging ” elites and white males over the poor and oppressed .
Whether you agree or disagree with it , that 's a conservative viewpoint . We just want you to know why we 're using that label here .
Overview
The latest version of the CELT reference library implementation can always be downloaded from http : //celt-codec.org/downloads .
What is CELT ?
By way of general feature summary :
Headerless
Arbitrary sampling rate
Mono/stereo encoding
Fixed-point encode and decode
VBR/constrained VBR/true CBR
Very low delay ( arbitrary delay , 5ms minimum total latency at 48kHz )
low-bitrate performance ( 'sweet spot ' > = 32kbps for 48kHz stereo )
flexible streaming with the ability to change most codec parameters mid-stream ( so long as changes are signaled ; this information is not in-band in CELT , though it is in-band for OPUS . More about OPUS later ) .
royalty-free , no licensing required , BSD reference code
While primarily targeted at packet oriented networks , CELT includes a number of design features that increase robustness to bit errors , also making it suitable for non-IP wireless applications .
Why low delay ?
CELT Design Overview
Simplified CELT block diagram
`` CELT '' stands for `` Constrained Energy Lapped Transform '' an accurate and remarkably unforced acronym . It is exactly that : A lapped transform codec with a psychoacoustic design philosophy based on band-energy preservation .
Lapped transform
Despite the small windows and short overlap , transient pre-echo suppression occasionally demands yet shorter windows . In this case , the frame is split and smaller MDCTs are done on each piece . The results are then interleaved and coded as normal .
Critical bands
The spectral lines produced by each transform are grouped and coded by critical band . This both holds coding noise within critical bands and also provides approximately correct band energy resolution .
Constrained Energy
The single most important new discovery in Vorbis was that preserving narrowband energy produces far superior results to earlier techniques that attempted to globally minimize quantization noise . This was a relatively late discovery in the Vorbis project , and although it was easy enough to add energy preservation to the Vorbis encoder ( 'Noise Normalization ' ) , Vorbis did not incorporate energy preservation as an inherent design concept .
CELT 's design assumes unity narrowband energy gain throughout . The absolute energy of each band is explicitly coded , and every entropy-backend codeword also encodes unity energy . Critical band spectral energy and the coarse shape of the spectral envelope is thus preserved no matter what .
Variable Time-Frequency Resolution
In addition to increasing time resolution via frame splitting , CELT can also further adjust time/frequency resolution by performing Hadamard transforms in one band . A forward Hadamard transform over several blocks increases frequency resolution and an inverse transform in one block increases time resolution ( though with more temporal leakage than via frame splitting ) . TF adjustment is signaled per band and used to further bias a frame toward more accurately encoding tonal or transient content .
norm-energy PVQ range encoder
CELT encodes energy in each band explicitly . The spectral residue of each band is quantized as a whole band using a fixed number of spectral energy 'pulses ' ( K ) . These pulses are amplitude ( not energy ) quanta that total an amplitude of 1. ; each pulse represents an amplitude of 1./K . Each codeword is thus an N-dimensional vector of integer magnitudes that sum to K. The codeword space is obviously countable , representing points on the surface of an N-1 orthoplex ( the dual of a hypercube ; a 3 dimensional orthoplex is an octahedron ) .
The astute reader will notice that in the above explanation , each codeword represents a fixed summed amplitude , not a fixed energy . The orthoplex is warped such that the energy of each vector is normalized to an energy of 1. , inflating the vectors to points on an N-1 sphere . The direction of each vector is not altered , resulting in higher resolution at the 'poles ' . In this form , the codewords also turn out to have approximately flat probability , eliminating the need for entropy encoding of residual data .
The specific implementation of this coding technique used by CELT is known as Pyramid Vector Quantization ( Fischer , 1986 ) The design neatly sidesteps any need for Vorbis-like codebooks in residue coding .
Pulse Spreading
If too much diffuse energy in a band collapses into just a few pulses due to very low bitrate coding , this causes the classic swirling/metallic artifacts typical of transform codecs . These artifacts are mostly associated with mp3 , which has the least ability to mitigate the problem .
Following the equation above , spectral collapse happens primarily when K is small , causing an audibly sparse spectrum . Spreading essentially jitters pulses around as a kind of spectral dither ; if and when low-bitrate encoding collapses a noisy spectrum into just a few pulses after the forward spreading filter , the inverse filter in the decoder 'unjitters ' the collapsed energy , spreading it back out across the narrowband spectrum .
It might not be obvious from the description above , but spreading is purely a forward/inverse filtering operation ; there is no additional side information transmitted . The only additional signaling is whether folding is enabled or disabled .
Band Folding
This has a similar effect to Spectral Band Replication ( SBR ) , except that we do n't replicate bands , we just reuse residue codewords from lower bands , reconstituted in the context of the encoded energy of the higher band . Much simpler in concept and execution than SBR , a lucky break of the PVQ design .
pre/postfilter
Due to the relatively poor frequency resolution resulting from CELT 's very short windows , encoding strongly tonal content is challenging in ways atypical of a transform codec . Strongly tonal content requires additional techniques over straight transform/quantize for efficient coding .
As part of the CELT work going on within the IETF codec working group , Raymond Chen of Broadcom submitted a technique to weight tonal content for more efficient encoding using pitch prediction and a matched comb filter . In the encoder , the comb filter is used to weight the input signal toward the tonal content . In the decoder , the inverse filter reverses the weighting .
This technique has a few clever advantages . It wraps the preexisting CELT encoder/decoder and so the additional complexity is compartmentalized . In addition , the comb filter weights the entire harmonic structure rooted in the fundamental , not just the fundamental frequency itself .
The primary disadvantage of the technique is that it requires better than typical pitch detection . In speech codecs like Speex , pitch halving or doubling affects the efficiency of coding prediction but does not have serious consequences for encoded quality . In CELT , however , this would potentially generate phantom harmonics or drop the even harmonics of the fundamental , both obviously audible problems . As such , CELT requires ( and of this writing has ) a more reliable pitch predictor than typical .
This technique also currently only applies to a single fundamental . At present , Vorbis still eats CELT 's lunch on strongly tonal polyphonic samples .
synthetic pseudorandom noise
Recently , CELT is also able to signal that a band be filled with pseudorandom noise . Bands of pure noise ( without substantial features in either frequency or time ) is a more common occurrence in real-world audio than most people realize .
CELT timeline
The first very early next-generation audio codec work to develop a successor to Vorbis began at Xiph in 2005 . In 2007 I began more directed research on a new codec ( Ghost ) along with Jean-Marc Valin of Xiph 's Speex project . He felt strongly that low-delay was an important feature in a new codec . At that time , we did n't reconcile the low-delay requirements with the filterbank topology I wanted to use in Ghost .
Shortly after , I decided that improving the Theora encoder was a much more pressing concern than next-gen audio development and turned my attention to the Thusnelda encoder . Jean-Marc , however , was free to continue working on the low-delay codec ( CELT ) that was born out of those 2007 meetings . CELT is currently nearing completion .
29-Nov-2007 : Initial commit
08-Dec-2007 : CELT 0.0.1 release
10-Dec-2007 : Implement joint stereo
09-Jan-2008 : Implement M/S stereo
15-Jan-2008 : CELT 0.0.2 release
03-Feb-2008 : CELT 0.1.0 release
11-Feb-2008 : Implement initial band folding
22-Feb-2008 : CELT 0.2.0 release
19-Mar-2008 : CELT 0.3.0 release
26-Apr-2008 : CELT 0.3.1 release
16-May-2008 : CELT 0.3.2 release
23-May-2008 : Implement intensity stereo
16-Jun-2008 : Implement time envelopes
17-Jun-2008 : Implement short blocks
26-Jul-2008 : CELT 0.4.0 release
10-Oct-2008 : CELT 0.5.0 release
17-Dec-2008 : CELT 0.5.1 release
17-Feb-2009 : CELT 0.5.2 release
21-May-2009 : Implement VBR
04-Jul-2009 : CELT 0.6.0 release
13-Jul-2009 : CELT 0.6.1 release
26-Oct-2009 : CELT 0.7.0 release
20-Jan-2010 : CELT 0.7.1 release
21-Feb-2010 : Add SILK hybrid mode hooks for OPUS
07-May-2010 : Land frame-to-frame dynamic framesize
21-May-2009 : Move band splitting into quant instead of after PVQ
27-May-2010 : Adaptive Time/Frequency resolution via Hadamard
02-Jul-2010 : CELT 0.8.0 release
08-Jul-2010 : CELT 0.8.1 release
24-Jul-2010 : Implement pseudorandom noise synthesis
05-Aug-2010 : Remove old pitch prediction
30-Sep-2010 : Implement dynamic bit allocation [ tilt/boost ]
18-Oct-2010 : Eliminate MDCT weight and time envelope
04-Nov-2010 : Implement comb filter ( off by default )
06-Nov-2010 : CELT 0.9.0 release
08-Nov-2010 : CELT 0.9.1 release
05-Dec-2010 : Implement unconstrained VBR
21-Dec-2010 : CELT 0.10.0 release
January-2011 : Projected bitstream freeze
Abandoned techniques
In the interest of documenting several dead-ends ...
pitch-prediction/warping
Early CELT used a pitch prediction/warping scheme to try to improve tonal coding that was completely different from the current comb filter approach . It was complex , expensive , and of marginal effectiveness . It was finally removed from the code November 9th , 2009 .
The original technique is described in detail in the original CELT paper . To summarize , the old pitch prediction searched backwards in time through previously seen data , using cross-correlation to search for a candidate match . The idea behind this technique was that the correlation search would find both the period of the fundamental and a preceding window that predicted the spectrum of the current window well . Although the short window of CELT prevents resolving harmonics clearly , the theory was that finding a preceding match would also have a similar harmonic spread and thus also provide a good predictor for the unresolvable harmonics in the current frame as well .
Unfortunately , results were mixed ; although the predictor was better than nothing in many cases , its utility could best be described as marginal , and it was decided it was certainly not worth the computational cost .
MDCT weighting
Short blocks in CELT are coded as if they 're a normal frame with spectral values from each short MDCT interleaved to produce a full frame 's worth of spectral data ; the data is encoded as if it were the product of a single MDCT . Because short blocks are used only for impulsive frames , the energy levels of of the data from each MDCT may vary by quite a large amount . For a period of time , CELT was able to weight the MDCTs of individual short blocks to equalize the energies from before and after the impulse . The idea sounds obviously useful , but proved to be of dubious utility ( and required signaling bits to use ) . MDCT weighting has been disabled for some time and was finally dropped from the code on October 18 , 2010 .
Time envelope
The spectral shape preceding and following transients is typically very different ; simply normalizing energy does not prevent the dissimilar spectrums from bleeding together . In short , pre-echo still happens .
The audible effects of time envelopes even when triggered correctly could sound almost as bad as the pre-echo it tried to prevent . The envelope adjustment tended to cause dropouts preceding impulses , a curious anti-pre-echo that sounded just as incorrect as pre-echo itself .
Demonstration samples
The original uncompressed sample can be downloaded here . The complete set of demo samples below is directly downloadable here . This encodes are remarkably low-rate for a general purpose low-latency codec ; I 've done this on purpose to make the differences easy to hear .
Be aware that Firefox has a playback bug that might cause clicking during playback . It 's a browser problem , not part of the samples , and it 's fixed in the 4.0 beta prereleases .
A quick showcase of the bleeding edge ...
Improvement of CELT over time
CELT as compared to AAC [ LC/HE/HEv2/LD ] and Vorbis
As CELT 's bitrate performance improved , however , it also became natural to compare it to high-latency general purpose codecs such as AAC-LC ( intended for low complexity , > 100ms latency ) , HE-AAC v1 and v2 ( intended for very low bitrates , latency > 200ms ) and Vorbis ( general purpose , latency > 200ms ) .
The only AAC-LD encoder I could find ( Quicktime Pro ) offers down to 64kbps for 48kHz stereo , so it does not appear in the less-than-64kbps comparisons below .
CELT , SILK , Opus and the IETF codec WG
Working with Skype and others within the IETF , Xiph drove the creation of a working group to produce a royalty-free codec for general-purpose internet usage , including telepresence . Several codecs have been submitted as working material , including CELT . A combination of CELT and Skype 's SILK codec has been adopted as the primary development target of the working group .
Skype 's SILK codec is a state of the art codec for low to moderate bitrate speech ( yes , it 's better than Speex ) . It is n't great for music , and it does n't do very high quality , but it 's fantastic for an important set of applications . The combination with CELT gives good performance from 6kbit/sec to transparency .
A few current CELT users
When Midtown 's Yo Yoga ! wanted to build a new roof deck for outdoor yoga classes , it did n't host a bake sale . It turned to a crowdfunding start-up called LuckyAnt.com to help make it happen .
“ We want to patch over the dips and depressions and install proper roof decking to bring the space up to its full potential , ” Yo Yoga ! co-owners Rebecca and Kennedy Weible wrote on their Lucky Ant fundraising page .
Lucky Ant was able to help raise $ 8,500 to make Yo Yoga ! 's rooftop dreams come true—and they 're not the only ones .
The New York-based crowdfunding site has become a go-to resource ( and a saving grace ) for yoga studios looking to raise money for improvements and expansions . The site has now helped six yoga studios in New York reach their financial goals since it launched in March 2012 , and many more across the country .
Rather than solicit donations , the studios typically raise money by offering yoga classes at a reduced rate , explains Lucky Ant 's Jonathan Moyal . “ Rewards are structured around the businesses ' products and discounts rather than donations . No ‘ donate five dollars and we 'll blow you a kiss ' on our platform. ” An example : Yo Yoga ! sold classes for $ 10 ( normally $ 17 ) and a pack of 10 classes for just $ 75 ( normally $ 100 ) .
It 's a concept that 's worked well , especially in cities where real estate comes at a huge price for small businesses , and just keeping the doors open is a struggle . And as the platform gains traction , more businesses are bound to take advantage . Lucky Ant is currently raising funds for Bikram Yoga East Harlem , and it has ten more yoga and fitness projects that will be launched on the site within the next month . —Amy Eley
For more information , visit www.luckyant.com
Catch me if you can ( Picture : Rosenberg Police/Facebook )
A suspected burglar was arrested just minutes after he posted a taunting ‘ catch me if you can ' message on a police department 's Facebook page .
Rolando Lozano , along with brother Damian , was suspected of breaking into 17 cars in the Seabourne Meadows area of Rosenberg , in Texas in the US .
Rosenberg police arrested Damian but turned to social media in a bid to find Rolando .
The force posted information about the string of break-ins as well as photographs of the pair and urged the public to share them .
Photos of Damian ( top left ) and Rolando Lozano ( bottom right ) were posted on Facebook by police ( Picture : Rosenberg Police/Facebook )
A Facebook user by the name of Rolando Hoyuela Lozano commented soon after saying , ‘ I 'm innocent , catch me if u can . '
But within five minutes of the comment being made he was in police custody after being arrested at a relative 's house .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Police posted a reply to his comment saying : ‘ Rolando Lozano…we caught you five minutes after you posted this… Thank you to the community for your help ! ! ! '
The department 's response has already received more 1,000 ‘ likes ' and almost than 350 shares .
The Ottawa Senators upgraded the middle of the ice Sunday , acquiring Matt Duchene from the Colorado Avalanche .
It came at a hefty price , though .
Not only did the Sens lose Kyle Turris in the process , but they also gave up a first-round pick , a third-round pick , and their 28th overall pick from the 2017 NHL Draft , Shane Bowers .
Essentially , the Sens gave up two first-round picks and a third-round pick to upgrade from Turris to Duchene . The majority of hockey fans would agree Duchene is better than Turris , but is he a big enough upgrade to warrant the cost ?
Since 2013-14 , Duchene and Turris have put up similar numbers :
Stat Duchene Turris GP 320 310 G 96 93 A 139 123 P 235 216 P/PG 0.734 0.696
Obviously there is more to the game than just goals and assists , though . Only so much goes into these totals .
Sometimes goal scoring has a lot to do with luck , which brings us to the wonderful world of expected goals for .
Expected goals essentially tracks shot type , shot location , and shot quality while a player is on the ice , therefore giving us a better indication of how sustainable a player 's offensive numbers are , compared to a stat such as Corsi For , which simply tracks shot attempts .
Here are Turris and Duchene 's expected goals for numbers since 2013-14 at five-on-five , per Corsica .
Stat Duchene Turris ixGF/60 0.75 0.59 xGF 168.89 166.19 xGA 194.25 179.01 xG+/- -25.36 -12.82
Duchene has the edge in individual expected goals for per 60 minutes , but both the Avs and Sens were expected to have negative goal differential while Duchene and Turris were on the ice over the last five years . Duchene 's xG+/- is nearly twice as bad , though . However , the Avs have been significantly worse than the Sens in recent years .
Thankfully , Corsica uses what 's called relative stats . This compares a team 's numbers relative to when a player was , and was n't on the ice .
Stat Duchene Turris Rel xGF % 3.41 -1.3
As you can see , the Avs ' expected goals for percentage was 3.41 percent higher when Duchene was on the ice . Ottawa 's expected goals for percentage dropped 1.3 percent when Turris was on the ice .
While Rel xGF % is a nice indicator , it still really comes down to a team effort . Takeaways and giveaways can provide a better individual explanation as to which player does a better job at retrieving pucks , therefore giving his team more chances to play on offense , rather than defense . Given that both players are centers , faceoff percentage was also included , per Hockey Reference .
Stat Duchene Turris Takeaways 205 147 Giveaways 153 174 TK/GV +/- 52 -27 FO % 55.5 51.5
From a pure individual standpoint , it is clear Duchene gives his team more chances to go on the attack . His ability to strip the puck will be especially beneficial in Guy Boucher 's 1-3-1 trap , which specializes in counter-attacks .
When it comes to special teams , Turris has been the more productive player on the man advantage .
Stat Duchene Turris PPG 19 21 PPA 30 38
However , when it comes to discipline , and drawing penalties , Duchene has been the more useful player ( iPENT = individual penalties taken , iPEND = individual penalties drawn ) .
Stat Duchene Turris iPENT 24 50 iPEND 74 60 iP+/- 50 10
Over the last five years , Duchene has provided his team with 50 more power plays than penalty kills , while Turris has only provided his team with 10 more .
( Photo courtesy : Action Images )
The verdict
The expectation before this deep plunge into statistics was that Ottawa forked up two first-round picks and a third-round pick to upgrade from an equally productive - yet perhaps less exciting player - to a flashier player who passes the eye test .
As it turns out , all the underlying numbers suggest Duchene is the far superior player , despite his basic numbers registering similarly to Turris ' .
Sure , two firsts and a third seem like a lot , but for a team that is clearly in win-now mode , this was a deal that needed to be made for Ottawa . Turris is a good player and a very solid No . 2 center , but Duchene 's game-breaking ability puts the Sens over the top , and a much-needed change of scenery should only lead to more success .
So , Time magazine , ever in search of buzz , this week named Donald Trump Person of the Year . But they did so with a headline that read , “ President of the Divided States of America . ”
The demi-fascist of Fifth Avenue was n't flattered by that wording .
In an interview with the “ Today ” show , Trump huffed , “ When you say divided states of America , I did n't divide them . They 're divided now. ” He added later , “ I think putting divided is snarky , but again , it 's divided . I 'm not president yet . So I did n't do anything to divide . ”
Donald , thy name is division . You and your campaign of toxicity and intolerance have not only divided this country but also ripped it to tatters .
This comports with an extremely disturbing tendency of Trump 's : Denying responsibility for things of which he is fully culpable , while claiming full praise for things in which he was only partly involved .
Voters Support Barring Immigrants From Welfare for Five Years
President Trump said at a rally in Iowa last week that immigrants `` must be able to support themselves financially , '' and called for stricter enforcement of laws that prevent them from receiving welfare until they 've been in the United States at least five years . Most voters are on board with such laws .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone and online survey finds that 62 % of Likely U.S . Voters favor barring new immigrants to the United States from receiving welfare benefits for at least five years . Twenty-six percent ( 26 % ) oppose such laws , but 12 % are undecided . ( To see survey question wording , click here . )
( Want a free daily e-mail update ? If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) . Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook .
The survey of 1,000 Likely Voters was conducted on June 22 & 25 , 2017 by Rasmussen Reports . The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence . Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC . See methodology .
OR
Washington ( CNN ) -- Citing `` mounting evidence '' of repression of the Iranian opposition , the Obama administration added more sanctions against Iranian government officials , members of the Revolutionary Guards Corps and others accused by the United States of being responsible for human rights abuses .
The sanctions , announced Wednesday by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , block the assets of , and prohibit U.S. citizens from engaging in any business with , those on the list , which includes the head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps , the country 's prosecutor general , and the ministers of welfare and intelligence .
`` On these officials ' watch or under their command Iranian citizens have been arbitrarily , beaten , tortured , raped , blackmailed and killed , '' Clinton said . `` Yet the Iranian government has ignored repeated calls from the international community to end these abuses , to hold to account those responsible , and respect the rights and fundamental freedoms of its citizens . ''
`` Today we declare our solidarity with their victims and with all Iranians who wish for a government that respects their human rights and their dignity and their freedom , '' she said .
Geithner emphasized the measures would not harm the whole country , rather the sanctions were designed to target those who engage in behavior that harms the Iranian people .
`` We have found that when we single out Iran 's bad actors and expose their illicit conduct -- banks , businesses , and governments around the world respond by cutting off dealings with these individuals , groups and businesses , '' he said , adding the measures would send a message across the world about the risks to continued business with Iran , just as with the recent sanctions against Iran 's nuclear business .
The US has been increasing its criticism of Iran 's goverment 's human rights record since President Mahmoud Amhadinejad 's disputed landslide election victory unleashed massive demonstrations in the country . Iran 's leaders called the uprising a foreign-led plot to overthrow the regime . It cracked down on the protesters , with many killed and even more jailed . Images of the bloody crackdown fueled worldwide outrage .
Clinton said that new legislation passed earlier this year gives the administration tools to impose sanctions against Iranian officials where there are credible evidence against them . But she acknowledged the administration was `` also very mindful '' since last year 's election about messages from the opposition about keeping a low profile .
`` We had to be careful that this indigenous opposition that we certainly had nothing to do with , that was attempting to stand up for the rights of the Iranian people , was not somehow seen as a U.S. enterprise , because it was n't , '' she said , adding : `` And so walking that line in trying to be both encouraging , forthright and strong in our support of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the Iranian people , at the same time not giving any reason for the Iranians to claim that this reaction from within was somehow either motivated or directed or connected with us , required a balancing act .
The order targets Mohammad Ali Jafari , Commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corp ( IRGC ) ; Sadeq Mahsouli , current minister of welfare and security and former minister of the Interior ; Qolam-Hossein Mohseni-Ejei , current prosecutor general of Iran and former minister of intelligence ; Saeed Mortazavi , former prosecutor-general of Tehran ; Heydar Moslehi , minister of Intelligence ; Mostafa Mohammad Najjar , current minister of the Interior and former deputy commander of the armed forces for law enforcement ; Ahmad-Reza Radan , deputy chief of Iran 's National Police ; and Hossein Taeb , current deputy IRGC commander for intelligence and former commander of the IRGC 's Basij Forces .
The two cameras being carefully set up on my arrival at the Nike Academy give an insight into the training centre 's inner workings . The first is positioned by a performance analyst at the top of a high bank overlooking the pitch at their St George 's Park base , where the players are about to go through a series of drills before the next day 's game at Swansea City . The second camera is stood on a tripod next to the huddled squad , focused on their manager ; his team talk is being filmed for the academy 's next marketing video .
The match against Swansea 's Under-23s carries huge importance : it will be the players ' penultimate chance to impress before the next batch of trials , when several will make way for new recruits . At the end of November around fifty 16- to 20-year-olds plucked from trials in major cities around the world will take part in the catchily titled Nike Most Wanted Global Showcase . Some will be invited to join the academy where they will live , train and play together until they are either signed by a professional club or deemed not good enough and asked to leave .
Player turnover is high but the potential rewards are extraordinary : a professional contract and the beginning of an otherwise unlikely career in football . Four players have already found clubs this season , 12 made it last year and more than 60 have signed since the project began in 2009 . Unearthing a superstar has eluded Nike thus far but there are several notable alumni , like Celtic 's Tom Rogic , who was an 18-year-old playing amateur football in his home town of Canberra when he heard about the academy and decided to trial . Now 23 , he is an Australia international and was an integral part of Celtic 's title-winning team last season .
Mustapha Carayol : ‘ I learned everything at Damilola Taylor Centre , not just football ' Read more
The Nike Academy has been a source of intrigue since its inception partly because it has maintained an element of secrecy . It has developed rapidly into a full-time programme , moving base from Loughborough University to the FA 's centre of excellence at St George 's Park in 2013 . Nike employs staff to rival any academy , including a sports scientist and a psychologist , who nurture the 24-player squad made up of 17 nationalities .
One of the most talented in the current crop had played only for his school team before joining . He arrived raw , one coach says , but with daily training his improvement was rapid . Another who is exciting management , Benis Belesi from Belgium , pulls up in training clutching his hamstring . “ These players arrive at 16 , 17 , 18 , ” says the academy 's strength and conditioning coach , Josh Dixon , son of the former Arsenal right-back Lee Dixon . “ But in terms of their conditioning they arrive well behind where they need to be . We have to push them . Sometimes they blow up . ”
Today 's “ matchday-minus-one ” session lasts an hour and a half : a short-passing drill , stretches and sprints , a match scenario playing through the thirds of the pitch and finally a frantic , small-sided game which brings out a friendly competitive edge , as well as talent in abundance . The manager , Jon Goodman , and his assistant , the former Wolves goalkeeper Matt Murray , take time to work with the goalkeeper Tim Brown on playing out to his defenders ' feet . “ If he goes into a club and they say ‘ just shell it ' , he can do that , ” says Goodman . “ But if he goes into a club and they need him to play out from the back , then he needs some more in his armoury . ”
Matches are typically exhibitions against some of the best academies in the world , with some eye-catching results – youth teams from Barcelona and Internazionale are among a long list of scalps – but Goodman prides himself predominantly on helping players earn contracts . “ I 'm as emotionally attached to this as I have been in anything else in football , despite the fact it 's not a football club , ” says Goodman , who played for Millwall , Wimbledon and Republic of Ireland before roles as a sports scientist with Reading and Leeds United . “ The reward you get when the lads get contracts is second to none . They are life-changing instances for those players . ”
How does it compare with being part of a real club ? “ When I was with Brian McDermott at Leeds it was ‘ Goody , we 've just got to win ' . You can not beat that thrill . But that unfortunately can contaminate your thought processes , so you end up becoming fixated on removing errors and overly enthused about a victory that gets you through to the following week . Whether we beat Swansea – that 's just my ego that 's affected by that . Fundamentally [ the result ] does n't matter so it 's a very interesting challenge . We 've got freedom in how we work , freedom in the players we are able to recruit from all over the world . Not a lot of clubs can do that . ”
Some teenagers play Football Manager . Ejdin Djonlic took his coaching badges Read more
That freedom has allowed Nike to increase its reach in youth football . It has small-scale academies in Moscow , Barcelona and Tokyo and more are planned around the world , each offering a piece of Nike 's coaching experience while feeding talent into the main hub at St George 's . Player recruitment is helped by social media : team talks and training sessions , like the one in preparation for Swansea , become YouTube videos as do showpiece matches like a win over Barcelona at Wembley , which can generate millions of views and present something of a utopia to aspiring players .
But what is life like in the academy ? Goodman accepts there are obvious difficulties in bringing together teenagers from all over the world , some of whom do not speak any English when they arrive . Homesickness is not uncommon and some former academy players work as chaperones to help new arrivals settle . The manager says his players ' change behaviour when the cameras switch on – though that may not be bad preparation for life as a footballer .
Nike has the squad under “ media lockdown ” but a former graduate , James Cottingham , is candid about his experience at the academy . The midfielder joined after being released by Sheffield Wednesday at 19 , which helped earn him a playing contract in America before injury curtailed his career . “ It was better than being at a professional club and playing in the reserves . At that time I was n't ready for first-team football and these guys had every box covered – conditioning , gym work , massages after training , ice baths scheduled , food , living accommodation , all expenses paid , training kit , training twice a day .
“ We were in flats , shared apartments with the team , we ate together , completely full on , no girls allowed , no going out . They kept tabs on everybody . It was spot on and to be honest there was n't time for messing about because everybody was there for one reason . We were playing two or three games a week against the likes of Arsenal , Inter , Genk .
“ It 's still professional football but it does n't come with the bollocks that professional football comes with . The pressure as a young player , you 're on the clock really in this day and age . If you 're not in the first team at 18 or 19 then you 've had it . ”
It is clear the Nike team 's ability to get results against lofty opposition is both a blessing and a curse . “ Nike laid a lot of opportunities on the table , ” says Cottingham , “ but what I would say is it was quite unbelievable that most of the players are n't now playing professional football . Because you would take 11 of the Nike Academy boys and straight up swap them with 90 % of the teams we play , and generally that was the feedback from the pro clubs . But [ they would say ] we 've just offered those young boys contracts , so we ca n't just sack 11 off and bring 11 in . The guys at Nike were really frustrated .
“ The likes of myself at Sheffield Wednesday , I just needed to be taken out of that environment in order to flourish , I needed to step back and get comfortable again . That 's what the Nike Academy does , to get into an environment , play football every day , enjoy yourself and get back in there . From a neutral standpoint it 's incredible that those boys [ I played with ] are n't playing professional football now . That was one of the pitfalls , I do n't think Nike saw that coming , and I do n't think there 's any way you can get around it . ”
How RB Leipzig became the most hated club in German football Read more
One way around it , of course , would be if the company took the controversial step of buying a professional club . Seeing the academy infrastructure already in place it is hardly a stretch to imagine Nike taking the route of Red Bull , which has bought clubs in Leipzig , Salzburg , São Paulo and New York . A Nike brand manager insists this is not the intention – yet . “ No , but Nike is a fast-moving company so that does n't mean it would never happen . If strategically it made sense then it could be [ our objective in the future ] , but I think the freedom and flexibility we have now is unique . ”
After staying overnight in St George 's onsite Hilton Hotel , the team travel down to Swansea 's training ground the next day and remind the manager of their qualities with a 3-2 win . The final match before trials is against Barnsley and after that several players will be asked to make way for fresh talent . The academy continues to churn and Nike 's growing scouting web continues to feed it . “ We went to play in Russia and they had their own [ Nike ] academy , which demonstrates how far it 's all come , ” says Goodman . “ The challenge now is where does it go ? ”
For other people named Hugh Grant , see Hugh Grant ( disambiguation )
Hugh Grant ( born 23 March 1958 ) is a Scottish business executive , who was the last CEO of Monsanto until its acquisition by Bayer .
Early life [ edit ]
Grant was born in Larkhall , Scotland . He received a bachelor 's degree in agricultural zoology and molecular biology from the University of Glasgow , a postgraduate degree in agriculture from the University of Edinburgh , and an MBA from the International Management Centre in Buckingham , England .
Career [ edit ]
He worked in Scotland from 1981 to 1991 for the then US-based Monsanto company and then was appointed global strategy director in the agriculture division , based in St. Louis , Missouri . In 1995 , he became managing director for the company 's Asia-Pacific region and in 1998 , co-president of the agriculture division . [ 1 ]
The 20th-century Monsanto Company , in the midst of a roughly five-year series of mergers and spin-offs ( which had the effect of reducing its focus on chemicals in favor of biotechnology ) , legally ceased to exist in 2000 . A new Monsanto Company was created and Grant became executive vice president and chief operating officer of this new Monsanto . In 2003 , he became president and chief executive officer and joined the board of directors .
In March 2009 , Grant was named one of the world 's 30 most respected CEOs on Barron 's annual list . [ 2 ] He was named 2010 CEO of the Year by Chief Executive magazine . [ 3 ] In 2009 , Grant earned a total compensation of $ 10,803,757 , which included a base salary of $ 1,391,356 , a cash bonus of $ 1,070,382 , stocks granted of $ 1,875,766 , options granted of $ 5,902,039 , and other compensation of $ 564,214 . [ 4 ]
He became a director of the Harris Distillery in 2014 . [ 5 ] In March 2018 , Grant announced that after being acquired by Bayer , he will leave the company . [ 6 ]
The introduction of the burger chain
to Kalamazoo earlier this month was a homecoming of sorts for founder Tom Ryan , who grew up in Grand Rapids and received his bachelor 's , master 's and doctoral degrees from Michigan State University .
Today , after 20 years of experience in marketing , branding , consumer research and concept/product development for packaged goods and restaurant/retail companies , Ryan leads concept product and brand development services as a managing partner and chief concept officer of Denver-based Consumer Capital Partners , the firm that created Smashburger in 2007 .
“ Smashburger was built for burger eaters . People who love burgers , people who like burgers , ” Ryan said in an interview from Minneapolis . “ It 's really a burger-centric concept . ”
Ryan 's Smashburger does for burgers and fries what Noodles & Company and the Fire Bowl Café have done for pasta and Asian food : All three share a “ fast casual ” approach to dining — where you order at the counter but wait for your food at a table — and a concept that places an emphasis on choice .
At the Smashburger that opened Aug. 11 at 4315 W. Main St. , in Kalamazoo , options are given for everything from size the of the beef ( quarter- to half-pound burgers ) to nearly a dozen add-ons , including egg , chili , sautéed mushrooms and haystack onions .
Creating the concept
While Smashburger may call to mind its conceptual sisters down the road , Ryan cut his teeth working in marketing and development for iconic brands like Pizza Hut — where he helped develop the stuffed-crust pizza and the “ Lovers ” line — and McDonald 's — where he did the same for items like the McGriddles breakfast sandwiches , the Big N ' Tasty and for concepts like the Dollar Menu .
The idea for Smashburger came about after his team at Consumer Capital Partners began to notice a desert spreading over the landscape of modern restaurants offering burgers .
“ Back in 2005 , we identified this emerging space in burgers , ” Ryan said . The current burger places were either “ not paying attention ” to burgers or were using old models , such as sitting people down and taking a half hour to get them their food .
Smashburger filled in that space between fast-food burgers and sit-down burgers , he said , while other burger joints had n't found that balance .
Ryan could n't say his past experiences with specific products in the food industry led directly to his idea for the Smashburger concept , but he did acknowledge their help in assisting him to learn how to listen to consumers .
“ Each and every one of those was a learning experience , ” he said . “ The process of creating is a constant learning process , and that was alive and well in every element of Smashburger . ”
A localized experience
According to the chain 's official website , by year 's end Smashburger will have signed more than 350 franchise agreements and will have approximately 100 stores open in more than 15 states . If all goes as planned , the new Kalamazoo location will be just the first of six locations to open in the region .
Ryan said one of the cool things about the company 's ethos to “ listen and create ” is that it enables them to localize each Smashburger menu to suit a particular area .
“ We 've got to do something in all those places that makes us almost magical to them , ” he said .
In Kalamazoo , that means a regional menu that includes the Michigan Olive Smashburger ; a Cherry BBQ Bacon & Cheese Smashburger that includes Michigan cherry barbecue sauce ; and
ginger ale , which originated in Detroit .
While the 100 percent Angus beef patties used in the burgers at Smashburger are the central focus , the restaurant also offers chicken breasts — because , as Ryan noted , while the chain was built for people who love burgers , those people do n't always come with other people who do — and all are smashed , seared and seasoned on the grill .
The restaurant also offers hot dogs and , for those with a lighter appetite , salads , as well as a number of sides .
It 's all about offering what Ryan referred to a number of times as a “ balance ” for consumers looking for a good meal .
“ Smashburger has the benefit of having this great balance of service , convenience and experience , ” he said . “ And the experience is really about the food . ”
Everybody loves Bodhi . It 's rated as one of the top 100 beers on Beer Advocate with a score of 99 out of 100 . Bloggers love it and beer drinkers beg for it in bottles .
But have you had toasted coconut Bodhi ? How about double dry-hopped Bodhi ? Habanero Bodhi ? Oaked Bodhi ?
You may have , if you 've found Columbus Brewing Company at any beer festivals or tap takeovers , but I assure you that you 've never had TEN different types of Bodhi in one sitting .
Well you can , because CBC will tap ten types of Bodhi at Studio 35 on May 11 as party of the theater 's monthly beer tasting and movie screening .
The movie for May is Tommy Boy , but seriously , who the hell cares : ten . types . of . Bodhi .
UPDATE : Make that THIRTEEN . Columbus Brewing just sent us the list :
Habanero Bodhi – infused with fresh Habanero peppers and dry hopped w/ Amarillo flowers
Coconut Bodhi – features hand toasted , organic coconut flakes
Mango Bodhi – blended with fresh mango and 100 % mango nectar
Pineapple Bodhi – blended with fresh pineapple and 100 % pineapple juice
Oaked Bodhi – aged on cubes of French Oak
Thai Bodhi – infused with fresh Thai basil and ginger
Tangelo Bodhi – blended with the fruit and zest of fresh tangelo
Double Dry Hopped Bodhi – features an additional dry hop of Citra and Amarillo flowers
Breakfast Bodhi – infused with Ethiopian Yirgacheffe coffee beans roasted locally by Café Brioso .
Mojito Bodhi – infused with fresh mint and lime zest
Lemon Face/Tiger Face Bodhi – infused with fresh lemongrass , ginger , and an additional dry hop of Sorachi Ace .
Kaffir Bodhi – features fresh Kaffir lime leaves
Regular ol ' Bodhi
A flood of money from powerful interest groups is pouring into the tight state Senate race between San Francisco Supervisors Scott Wiener and Jane Kim in what has become this year 's showdown between the city 's moderate and progressive camps .
On Wiener 's side : charter school associations , LGBT groups , and technology executives and companies . On Kim 's side : the Service Employees International Union , teachers and nurses associations , and tenants ' rights organizations funded in part by the soda industry .
The state Senate seat is a coveted position in San Francisco 's cramped political universe , where ambitious politicians struggle to grab the few opportunities for higher office . The race also underscores the power struggle between the moderates and the progressives , who have clashed on how to respond to the city 's housing and homeless crises .
Wiener , the moderate , has a more than 2-to-1 financial edge in direct contributions and heavy support from independent expenditure committees . Those committees , which can not coordinate their efforts with candidates , can raise and spend unlimited amounts of money for political purposes . Technology investor Ron Conway , for example , has pumped $ 200,000 into an anti-Kim committee .
But if anything , the state Senate race shows just how difficult it can be to trace the source of political money . Major contributions are routinely filtered through two and three committees before the money is finally spent in the form of television ads , slate mailers or robocalls .
“ It 's a way for people to hide their identities , and they know it , ” said Ann Ravel , former chairwoman of the Fair Political Practices Commission , the state 's campaign finance watchdog . “ And so that 's the reason they are taking these very extreme avenues to do what we call the nesting dolls of campaign contributions , so you can never get to the original source . ”
Here 's some of what 's gone on in the race for the District 11 seat :
• The largest direct donors to Wiener 's campaign are building trade unions , real estate groups and police unions . Kim 's largest contributors are teachers and nurses groups .
• Wiener has raised more money locally than Kim . As of mid-October , roughly 68 percent of his campaign contributions had come from ZIP codes within District 11 , compared with 41 percent for Kim . More out-of-state money is also flowing into Kim 's campaign than Wiener 's . Some of that comes from employees at the New York cosmetics company Kiss , where her father is chief financial officer .
• Independent expenditure committees have spent $ 1.5 million to support Wiener , more than five times the amount spent for Kim . Of the outside money backing Wiener , the easiest to trace is from Conway . He 's the main money behind the committee We Ca n't Trust Jane Kim for Senate , which has spent more than $ 173,000 on ads attacking Kim for her 2012 vote to reinstate former Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi after his domestic violence scandal .
Both campaigns have condemned their opponents ' various industry connections , but that tells only part of the story . Some of the biggest donors are hidden behind a web of committees .
Take the Equality California Political Action Committee , Wiener 's biggest financial backer and the outside committee spending the most in the race . As of Friday , it had put up $ 855,000 for canvassing , consulting , advertising and polling to help Wiener , according to state records .
The group 's stated mission is to advocate for “ candidates who support full equality for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Californians and allies , ” which would include the openly gay Wiener . The money behind Equality California 's political action committee tells a more nuanced story .
Its biggest contributor is the California Charter Schools Association Advocates , which — along with a sister organization , the Parent Teacher Alliance — has given more than $ 400,000 to the Equality California committee . Most of the Charter Schools Association Advocates ' money comes from a handful of billionaires , including former Los Angeles developer Eli Broad , media baron and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings .
The link between the charter schools and Wiener is not accidental . The Parent Teacher Alliance also has its own independent expenditure committee , which has spent close to $ 380,000 supporting Wiener .
Richard Garcia , a spokesman for the Charter Schools Association Advocates , said the group believes “ Mr . Wiener has the greater ability to effect positive growth for students in San Francisco and not be a proponent of status quo agendas . ”
Equality California 's other top contributors are the California Dental PAC , the California Apartment Association and the California Association of Realtors — each gave more than $ 170,000 .
The Realtors ' interest in the race reflects the political divide on the Board of Supervisors : Kim believes developers can and should rent a quarter of all new units at below-market prices . Wiener wants the city to do a study before committing to a percentage . He is more supportive of market-rate development to build up housing stock and bring down prices .
Rick Zbur , executive director of Equality California , said his group sought donations after making it clear that its priority is getting Wiener elected . Roughly 80 percent of the committee 's political contributions during this election cycle have gone toward this race .
“ We cast a broad net , and whoever is willing to support our effort we accept , ” Zbur said .
Wiener , meanwhile , has criticized Kim for ties to the American Beverage Association . The trade group has spent nearly $ 19 million to defeat a ballot measure that would impose a penny-per-ounce tax on soda and other sugary drinks in San Francisco .
While most of the American Beverage Association 's money has gone toward television ads slamming the measure as a grocery tax , some of its money is winding its way to down-ballot races — much of it to Kim 's benefit . Kim 's political consultant , Eric Jaye , also advises the American Beverage Association .
Through a committee known as No on V , Enough is Enough : Do n't Tax Our Groceries , the American Beverage Association has contributed $ 250,000 to the Affordable Housing Alliance and the San Francisco Tenants Union . Those groups in turn have spent that money on slate mailers , which urge a no vote on Proposition V — and prominently feature Kim as a champion of affordable housing .
Deepa Varma , executive director of the San Francisco Tenants Union , said : “ We dislike Big Soda , but we dislike regressive taxes more. ” That 's also Kim 's position and the reason she is opposed to Prop . V 's soda tax . Varma said her group decides what candidates and ballot measures to support or oppose , and then “ those campaigns and candidates send us money in order for us to produce mail or slate cards . ”
The soda group has no interest in who wins the state Senate race , Jaye said , noting that the association has also given $ 32,500 to committees that put out slate mailers backing Wiener .
While Kim 's campaign argues that the financial filings show that Wiener is beholden to special interests , that 's not the way Wiener 's team sees it .
“ Both sides are benefiting from donations from tech , real estate development and other business interests , ” said Maggie Muir , a consultant for Wiener .
Joaquin Palomino and Emily Green are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers . Email : jpalomino @ sfchronicle.com , egreen @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ JoaquinPalomino , @ emilytgreen
Sen. Rand Paul is one of few in the Tea Party to oppose the Libya intervention
Over the last couple of days , since the United States joined in establishing a United Nations no-fly zone over northern Libya , Mark Williams has been yelling at Fox News and agreeing with liberals . Why are we there ? Why was the intervention kicked off by a U.N. vote and not a vote in Congress ?
“ Dennis Kucinich and I find ourselves in the rare position of being joined at the hip , ” says Williams . “ What the hell is the endgame in Libya ? Is it to take Qaddafi out or not ? There 's a vast gulf of difference between aiding to help an ally recover from a catastrophe , like Japan , and jumping in here to subsidize European security and the security of despotic tribesmen . ”
These musings about war , peace , and presidential power are coming from a man whom liberals associate with the worst of the Tea Party . As the spokesman for the Tea Party Express in 2009 and 2010 , he called President Obama an “ Indonesian Muslim turned welfare thug ” and a bunch of other things . He left the Express after a satirical email to the NAACP offended basically everyone . He 's now a radio host and author who wonders what , exactly , is the point of a movement focused on the Constitution if it lets the president get away with launching military strikes without asking Congress for permission .
“ We 've got the Constitution of this country being absolutely ravaged , ” he says . “ There is no governing authority except for the people of the United States or , if it grows a set of testicles , the U.S. Congress . And it would take all the radiation coming out of Fukushima to make the members of Congress grow anything . ”
In 1973 , Congress passed the War Powers Resolution . It was supposed to require presidents to explain themselves to Congress within 48 hours of launching military actions and ask for some official declaration of hostility within 58 days after that .
And so , on Monday , Obama issued a presidential message to Congress explaining why he 'd joined an “ international effort ” and “ began a series of strikes against air defense systems and military airfields for the purposes of preparing a no-fly zone . ”
This was the 119th message of its kind since the passage of the War Powers Resolution . It was the first since the rise of the Tea Party , the conservative movement that defines everything it does as a way to keep faith with the Constitution . So the relative lack of Tea Party angst over the no-fly zone has been surprising . There is no discussion of Libya happening at Ginni Thomas ' Liberty Central , no statement from Tea Party Patriots or the Tea Party Express .
Quite a few liberal Democrats have come out and criticized the president . There were more Democrats who criticized President George W. Bush during the run-up to Iraq , but there have been enough to generate real heat for the White House . It was Kucinich , rather than a Republican , who first floated the idea that the strikes on Libya might be grounds for impeachment ; Newt Gingrich , who mused that Obama could be impeached for failing to defend the Defense of Marriage Act , has n't gone that far . Half a dozen Republicans who identify with the Tea Party have criticized the Obama administration 's shoot-first-ask-Congress-later approach , but most Republicans have n't .
“ This is a hot debate , the debate over war powers , ” says Sal Russo , the consultant behind the Tea Party Express . “ One of the big components of the Tea Party is the activists who want federal government to get back to a narrow reading of what government can do . That 's in keeping with the overall idea that our founders created a limited government . ”
But the question is n't quite settled . Historians can point to the arguments that James Madison made about war powers , or the uses Thomas Jefferson made of those powers in the presidency , and come to at least two conclusions . One : The founders saw a proper role for unilateral executive military decisions in some limited cases , and presidents do n't always need to get declarations of war . ( There has n't been an official declaration of war in the United States since 1942 . * ) Two : The founders may have said that , but until the Cold War era , Congress did take a role in these interventions , and presidents deferred .
For now the second argument is winning out with most Tea Party activists , largely because they 've got their eyes trained elsewhere .
“ We ca n't fight every battle at the same time , ” says Russo . “ We 've chosen to focus on getting America 's fiscal house in order . ”
There could be more Tea Party criticism of the Libya strategy if the conflict drags on . On Monday , Jenny Beth Martin of Tea Party Patriots told me that the group may poll members to determine whether they should take a stance . If CNN 's poll on Libya is right , TPP might find itself taking the pro-Obama , anti-Ron Paul line on Libya . The poll , conducted from March 18 to March 20 , found 70 percent of all voters favoring a no-fly zone . Among “ Tea Party supporters , ” it was 73 percent . Fifty-four percent of all voters favored attacks “ directly targeted at Gaddafi 's troops who are fighting the opposition forces in Libya. ” That number rose to 58 percent among Tea Partiers .
There are individual Tea Party leaders , like Williams or Rand Paul , who wince at a military intervention undertaken like this . The Tea Party is libertarian in plenty of ways . But if it has one defining characteristic , it 's that it 's nationalist . If there 's a way to remove Qaddafi decades after he aided the Lockerbie bombers , then that 's more important than a debate over the deep thoughts of the founders . In a Saturday interview with Fox News , Rep. Allen West , R-Fla. , one of the most popular politicians to win the support of the Tea Party , explained that his problem with the intervention was about grit , not the Constitution .
“ Back two or three weeks ago , ” said West , “ we could have taken care of this situation if we had done the exact same thing that Ronald Reagan did back in the early ‘ 80s to Muammar Gaddafi , when he dropped the bomb in his back yard . Muammar Gaddafi did n't say a word for the next 30 years . ”
Qaddafi has actually remained influential and powerful since the bombing West referred to . But that 's almost beside the point . The Republicans who are more worried about Libya than the Constitution 's strictures on war powers are speaking for most of the Tea Party .
On Monday , Rep. Jason Chaffetz was in Utah , doing multiple interviews about his stance : that the president should have come to Congress . One of the people he spoke to was David Kirkham , a founding Tea Party activist in Utah . He disagreed with Chaffetz .
“ I think his concern was money , among other things , ” said Kirkham . “ There are some good things you have to spend money on . If we 're the leaders of the free world , we can not stand by when a tyrant kills his own civilians . Constitutionally speaking , Congress has the power to declare wars , but I do n't think the founding fathers intended us to never intervene . ”
Correction , March 23 , 2011 : This article originally stated that the United States last declared war in 1941 . The United States last officially declared war on June 5 , 1942 , against Bulgaria , Hungary , and Romania . ( Return to the corrected sentence . )
( CNN ) -- Twenty milligrams ; that 's the average amount of carbon emissions generated from the time it took you to read the first two words of this article .
How green is your website ? Calculating all the factors involved in a website can be tricky .
Now , depending on how quickly you read , around 80 , perhaps even 100 milligrams of C02 have been released . And in the several minutes it will take you to get to the end of this story , the number of milligrams of greenhouse gas emitted could be several thousand , if not more .
This may not seem like a lot : `` But in aggregate , if you consider all the people visiting a web site and then all the seconds that each of them spends on it , it turns out to be a large number , '' says Dr. Alexander Wissner-Gross , an Environmental Fellow at Harvard University who studies the environmental impact of computing .
Wissner-Gross estimates every second someone spends browsing a simple web site generates roughly 20 milligrams of C02 . Whether downloading a song , sending an email or streaming a video , almost every single activity that takes place in the virtual environment has an impact on the real one .
As millions more go online each year some researchers say the need to create a green Internet ecosystem is not only imperative but also urgent .
`` It is part of the whole sustainability picture , '' Chris Large , head of research and development at UK-based Climate Action Group , told CNN .
`` Scientists are saying to us that we have 10 years to take some serious action to avoid the most catastrophic effects of climate change so taking some sort of initiative is absolutely vital . ''
A number of studies have highlighted the growing energy demands of computers . A 2007 report from research firm Gartner , for example , estimates the manufacturing , use and disposal of information and communications technology generates about two percent of the world 's greenhouse gases -- similar to the level produced by the entire aviation industry . Watch the report on efforts to turn tech green »
Anti-virus software firm McAfee reports that the electricity needed just to transmit the trillions of spam emails sent annually equals the amount required to power over two million homes in the United States while producing the same level of greenhouse gas emissions as more than three million cars .
`` Most people do n't appreciate that the computer on your desk is contributing to global warming and that if its electricity comes from a coal power plant it produces as much C02 as a sports utility vehicle , '' said Bill St. Arnaud of Canarie , a Canada-based internet development organization .
`` Some studies estimate the internet will be producing 20 percent of the world 's greenhouse gases in a decade . That is clearly the wrong direction . That is clearly unsustainable , '' added St. Arnaud .
What do you include when working out IT 's carbon footprint ?
Calculating the carbon footprint of the entire web however is not as easy as measuring the greenhouse gas emissions of a car .
Data centers -- massive buildings housing hundreds , if not thousands , of power hungry servers storing everything from Facebook photos and YouTube videos to company web sites and personal emails -- are often labeled as the worst offenders when it comes to harming the environment .
In 2002 , global data center emissions amounted to 76 million tons of carbon dioxide -- a figure that is likely to more than triple over the next decade , according to a 2008 study by the Climate Group and Global e-Sustainability Initiative ( GeSI ) .
The footprint of network infrastructure , which is responsible for transporting information from data centers to personal computers , mobile phones and other devices , is harder to pinpoint .
However the same study estimates fixed broadband accounts for around four million tons of carbon emissions and could account for nearly 50 million tons of emissions by 2020 .
The manufacturing , transport and use of personal computers and laptops also has what some say is the most significant impact , producing roughly 200 million tons of emissions in 2002 .
As millions of people buy new laptops and computers every year , this figure could triple by the end of the next decade , according to the Climate Group report . And it is also true that , like driving a car compared to taking public transportation , some online activities produce more greenhouse gases than others .
More electricity is needed to store , transmit and download a video compared to a simple email , for example . A single search using Google releases 0.2 grams of C02 into the atmosphere , according to Google .
`` And what that includes is the energy that we at Google use to be able to receive your search , process it and then send it back to you , '' Erik Teetzel , one of Google 's `` green '' engineers , told CNN .
`` If people are counting things outside the activity that we do , then we do n't have control over that so we do n't factor that into the equation , '' said Teetzel .
`` We can measure exactly the number of queries that we service and come up with a very accurate estimate and answer from measured results of our actual emissions or energy use per query that we serve . ''
The drive for energy efficiency
Citing competitive reasons , Teetzel declined to divulge Google 's annual power bill , yet he said the internet company has been taking steps to make its main six , five megawatt server farms green as well as the other , smaller data centers it has around the world . It is doing this by using more renewable energy , recycled water and efficient software that requires less electricity to run .
`` From a business perspective , it makes sense to get the most what you want to call useful work done using the least amount of resources , '' said Teetzel .
`` Our energy efficiency efforts really did stem from us making our business more competitive . ''
A number of other companies are also working to take the various pieces that comprise the infrastructure of the internet in a more sustainable direction . Wissner-Gross of Harvard has a company called C02Stats that enables businesses to monitor and manage the environmental impact of their web sites and then purchase renewable energy certificates based on their sites ' monthly carbon footprint .
Netherlands-based Cleanbits lobbies web sites to go green by either by purchasing carbon offsets or switching to green hosting providers , like AISO.net , a solar-powered data center based in California . And , like Google , Yahoo also incorporates renewable power and other efficiency measures in its data centers .
However as more of the world joins an age characterized by global flows of information and communication , some say the role the internet plays in making the lives of millions not only more efficient but also environmentally friendly should not be discounted .
`` I do n't think we 've done a good deal with articulating the fact that IT is inherently an efficiency tool , '' said Teetzel . `` That is why you and I use the internet now to find out a lot of information that would have previously been found by us getting in a car and driving somewhere . ''
`` It is a little bit unfair to say that you have this huge carbon cost of the IT industry without articulating the fact that in many , many cases it offsets what I would call heavier , more carbon intense activities that we do in our daily lives , '' he added .
`` Moving electrons is far more efficient than moving atoms . It is actually a paradigm change . ''
All About Internet • Nature and the Environment
Malaysia Airlines MH370 : Military denies missing plane detected on radar far from flight path
Updated
The Malaysian air force has denied reports a passenger plane that vanished with 239 people on board was detected on radar far west of its flight path .
Interpol has all but ruled out terrorism as the cause of the disappearance of flight MH370 , which went missing on Saturday while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing , but the CIA says it is not ruling anything out .
In one of the most baffling mysteries in recent aviation history , a massive search operation has so far found no trace of the aircraft or its passengers , six of whom were Australian .
Air force chief General Rodzali Daud was this morning quoted by Malaysian media as saying that radar had last detected the plane over the Strait of Malacca off western Malaysia .
That location would have indicated the flight had banked far to the west of its intended flight path over the South China Sea .
But Mr Rodzali says he `` did not make any such statements , '' and that newspaper Berita Harian published `` what is clearly an inaccurate and incorrect report '' .
However , he says authorities have not ruled out the possibility the airliner inexplicably changed course before losing contact .
`` The [ air force ] has not ruled out the possibility of an air turn-back on a reciprocal heading before the aircraft vanished from the radar , '' he said .
`` This resulted in the search and rescue operations being widened to the vicinity of the waters [ off the west coast of Malaysia ] . ''
A spokesman for the Malaysian prime minister 's office earlier said he had not been informed by the military of evidence showing the plane had reached the Malacca Strait .
The spokesman said all that had been confirmed to him was that military radar suggested it could have turned back from its scheduled flight path and the search of the Malacca Strait was in order to cover all possibilities .
At the time it lost contact with civilian air traffic control , the plane was roughly midway between Malaysia 's east coast town of Kota Bharu and the southern tip of Vietnam , flying at 10,670 metres ( 35,000 feet ) .
The Strait of Malacca , one of the world 's busiest shipping channels , runs along Malaysia 's west coast , while Kota Bharu is on the north-east coast .
Reports the plane was detected near the strait appeared to undermine the theory that the aircraft suffered a sudden , catastrophic mechanical failure , as it would mean the plane flew at least 500 kilometres after its last contact with air traffic control .
A huge search operation for the missing plane has been mostly focused on the shallow waters of the Gulf of Thailand off Malaysia 's east coast , although the Strait of Malacca has been included since Sunday .
The search was today expanded into the Andaman Sea , hundreds of kilometres to the north-west of the original search radius .
Navy ships , military aircraft , helicopters , coastguard and civilian vessels from 10 nations have criss-crossed the seas off both coasts of Malaysia without success .
China today added two planes to the search , while Vietnam announced it was suspending its search .
Police had earlier said they were investigating whether any passengers or crew on the plane had personal or psychological problems that might explain its disappearance , along with the possibility of a hijack , sabotage or mechanical failure .
There was no distress signal or radio contact indicating a problem and , in the absence of any wreckage or flight data , police have been left trawling through passenger and crew lists for potential leads .
Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar told a news conference that all passengers are being studied .
`` Maybe somebody on the flight has bought a huge sum of insurance , who wants family to gain from it or somebody who has owed somebody so much money . We are looking at all possibilities , '' he said .
`` We are looking very closely at the video footage taken at the KLIA ( Kuala Lumpur International Airport ) , we are studying the behavioural pattern of all the passengers . ''
The airline said it was taking seriously a report by a South African woman who said the co-pilot of the missing plane had invited her and a female travelling companion to sit in the cockpit during a flight two years ago , in an apparent breach of security .
`` Malaysia Airlines has become aware of the allegations being made against First Officer Fariq Ab Hamid which we take very seriously , '' the airline said .
`` We are shocked by these allegations . We have not been able to confirm the validity of the pictures and videos of the alleged incident . ''
Investigators confirm two stolen passport holders are Iranian
The fact that at least two passengers on board had used stolen passports has raised suspicions of foul play , but Interpol says the pair have no link to any terrorist organisations .
Interpol says the Iranian nationals , aged 18 and 29 , swapped their passports in Kuala Lumpur and used stolen Italian and Austrian passports to board flight MH370 .
Passengers on flight MH370 Nationality Total China/Taiwan 153 ( 1 infant ) Malaysia 38 Indonesia 7 Australia 6 India 5 France 4 USA 3 ( 1 infant ) New Zealand 2 Ukraine 2 Canada 2 Russia 1 Netherlands 1 Italy 1 ( stolen passport ) Austria 1 ( stolen passport )
Malaysian officials say one of the men , 18-year-old Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad , was hoping to migrate to Germany .
They say his mother was waiting to meet him in Frankfurt .
The other Iranian has been identified as Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza .
`` The more information we get , the more we are inclined to conclude it is not a terrorist incident , '' Interpol secretary general Ronald Noble said .
However , Central Intelligence Agency director John Brennan said intelligence officials could not rule out terrorism as a factor .
`` You can not discount any theory , '' he said .
Police in Thailand , where the Italian and Austrian passports were stolen and the tickets used by the two men were booked , said they did not think the men were linked to the disappearance of the plane .
`` We have n't ruled it out , but the weight of evidence we 're getting swings against the idea that these men are or were involved in terrorism , '' Pattaya police chief Supachai Puikaewcome said .
Uncertainty , misinformation and rumour have dominated some reports over the four days since the plane vanished without a trace .
Two days ago , for instance , Malaysia 's Civil Aviation chief reported to the press that five passengers failed to board the ill-fated aircraft , forcing the airline to remove their baggage from the plane .
But according to police chief Khalid Abu Bakar , that is not true .
`` There is no such thing as five people who did not board the plane . There is no such thing , '' he said .
Family of missing Australians hoping for a miracle
About two-thirds of the 227 passengers and 12 crew now presumed to have died aboard the plane were Chinese .
Other nationalities included 38 Malaysians , seven Indonesians , five Indians , four French and three Americans .
The missing Australians are Brisbane couple Rod and Mary Burrows , Springfield Lakes couple Robert and Catherine Lawton and Sydney couple Gu Naijun and Li Yuan .
Mr Burrows 's mother Irene Burrows says her heart is aching .
`` I spoke to him a couple of days beforehand and he was very excited about going . It 's not their first overseas trip but it was planned for a long time , '' she said .
She says family members will gather in Brisbane this morning .
`` [ We are ] just waiting for some sort of news . If they 've found the wreckage or if they can tell us ... how can a plane just disappear ? ''
Perth-based New Zealand man Paul Weeks was also on the flight , en route to Mongolia to begin a fly-in , fly-out role with mining contractor Transwest .
China has deployed 10 satellites using high-resolution earth imaging capabilities , visible light imaging and other technologies to `` support and assist in the search and rescue operations '' .
US government officials from the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration have arrived in the region to provide `` any necessary assistance '' with the investigation , White House spokesman Jay Carney said .
The Boeing 777 has one of the best safety records of any commercial aircraft in service .
Its only previous fatal crash came on July 6 last year , when Asiana Airlines Flight 214 struck a seawall on landing in San Francisco , killing three people .
US plane-maker Boeing has declined to comment , beyond a brief statement saying it was monitoring the situation .
It has also joined the search .
ABC/wires
Topics : air-and-space , accidents , disasters-and-accidents , malaysia , asia , australia , nsw , qld , wa
First posted
Want all the latest UPD updates in your reader or inbox ? Subscribe to the combined news feed and get the latest delivered right to you .
Thanks Sergeant Guzman For Your Service !
Last week , Sergeant Mariano Guzman worked his last shift as a police officer for the City of Ukiah . After 32 years , Sgt . Guzman has decided to retire . I know many of you in the Ukiah community know Sgt . Guzman , and would agree with me when I say that losing him as a Ukiah police officer is a tremendous loss .
Mariano is as Ukiah as you can get . He grew up here , attended Pomolita Middle School , and graduated from Ukiah High School in June of 1980 . During his high school years , Mariano started his work career like a typical young man in Ukiah – working at the Rinehart gas station on North State Street .
By the fall of 1980 , Mariano was working as a dispatcher for the Ukiah Police Department and attending Mendocino College . He graduated from the Police Academy in September of 1981 and became a police officer with the City of Ukiah in December of 1982 .
Although it 's hard to imagine now , Mariano was like many of us officers who grew up in the 1980s – he was told to go home and get a haircut on his first day on the job . And , although he forgot his gun while responding to a disturbance call during his first week of training , Mariano still found and arrested the subject who was creating the disturbance – without his service pistol !
While in training , Mariano quickly demonstrated that he had the right skills to be a fantastic police officer . In fact , while Mariano was still being trained as an officer , he was instrumental in helping solve an armed robbery by interviewing and obtaining confessions from the suspects .
From 1983 until 1988 , Mariano worked as a uniformed patrol officer . In 1988 he was assigned as a detective , and wow , was that ever a good decision . As a detective , Mariano shined . He tenaciously solved crimes as he investigated burglaries , property crimes , and thefts . Through his hard work , Mariano was able to solve more than 70 percent of the crimes he was assigned to , and in 1990 he was awarded the Police Officer of the Year award for the City of Ukiah .
As Mariano grew as a detective , his was assigned more and more difficult cases , until he eventually became one of our department 's lead detectives for high-level crimes such as robberies and homicides . Mariano became the second-in-command for the Detective Division , often assigned as our lead detective responsible for the overall supervision of these complex criminal investigations . Mariano also became an expert in criminal gangs and worked with many multi-county gang investigation units . On average , Mariano was assigned , investigated , and completed 150 criminal investigations a year .
Along with his hard work on the police force , Mariano also represented the department in different community organizations . Mariano was a board member for Nuestra Casa for many years , and worked as our department 's representative on the Mendocino County Latino Coalition . Mariano was also extremely active with Men 's Basketball and at St. Mary 's School .
Luisa Acosta , Executive Director of Nuestra Casa in Ukiah , said , “ Mariano Guzman is a very well respected member of the community , and he continues to serve on the board of Nuestra Casa , as he has for years . He is respected by teens and kids , as well as their parents . Sometimes , when teens need help , Mariano spends time with them one-on-one to tell them about the importance of education or community service . He not only cares , he gets involved . He 's one of our heroes . A lot of kids have looked up to him for a lot of years . He has earned the highest respect from the community and is one of our best role models . We treasure him because he is one of our own . ”
In 2009 , for his expert investigative skills , police work , and volunteer and community involvement , Mariano was once again selected as the department 's Police Officer of the Year . And , after being assigned as detective for 22 years , Mariano returned to patrol in 2010 as a Patrol Sergeant to assist in the supervision and training of our younger officers . As you can imagine , Mariano was perfect in his new role , acting as a mentor and teaching the advanced techniques and practices he learned as a detective .
Captain Trent Taylor , one of Mariano 's supervisors said , “ When I was hired as a very young and new police officer here , Mariano was my first patrol partner , and he quickly became a mentor to me . His patience with me , his work ethic , and his approach with the community showed me how to be an effective police officer , and the skills and approach that I learned from him I still practice to this day . ”
Retired Mendocino Superior Court Judge Vince Lechowick said , “ Sgt . Guzman 's retirement will be a great loss to the City of Ukiah , its Police Department , and its citizens . I have observed Sgt . Guzman both inside and outside of the courtroom for more than three decades . Mariano is the ultimate professional , a ‘ gentleman cop . ' His serious yet polite approach to law enforcement not only was a role model for younger officers , it resulted in greater public respect for his department and higher conviction rates because witnesses -- and even suspects -- were more willing to provide information based upon the respectful way that they were being treated . Sgt . Guzman 's performance over the years is one of the best examples of true ‘ public service ' that I have ever seen . The silver lining in UPD 's loss is that , in his new job as a Detective with the Mendocino District Attorney 's Office , the DA and citizens of Mendocino County will benefit from his experience and talents [ since Detective Guzman will still be based in the Ukiah Valley ] . I am sure that he will continue to perform to the highest standards of excellence in his new role . ''
Mendocino County District Attorney David Eyster said , “ Sgt . Guzman is one of the most connected officers with the community I have ever met . I am extremely honored and privileged to have worked with him . He has great investigative instincts and skills , and we are lucky that he has chosen to continue his career as a District Attorney investigator . ”
Mariano is one of the most intelligent and honorable people I have ever known , and I am extremely fortunate to call him a friend . He often reminds me that each day , countless law enforcement professionals just like him spend their time protecting us from extremely dangerous people .
As a Police Chief , I ca n't thank Mariano and the rest of our professional law enforcement officers and 911 dispatchers enough for the daily sacrifice they make to assure our safety . So , I 'll say it again . Thanks to all of you who keep us and our families safe .
As always , our mission at UPD is simple : to make Ukiah as safe as possible . If you have any suggestions or comments about how we can improve , please feel free to call me , complete our online survey , or leave a crime tip on our website : www.ukiahpolice.com .
Subscribe to Ukiah Police Department Hot Topics by Email
Subscribe in a reader
MADRID/BARCELONA ( Reuters ) - The Catalan regional leader on Thursday said he would press on with an Oct. 1 referendum on a split from Spain , flouting a court ban , as tens of thousands gathered for a second day on the streets of Barcelona demanding the right to vote .
Catalan vice president Oriol Junqueras is embraced by president of Catalonian parliament Carme Forcadell outside the Catalan region 's economy ministry building during a raid by Spanish police on government offices , in Barcelona , Spain , September 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Susana Vera
Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont said he had contingency plans in place to ensure the vote would go ahead , directly defying Madrid and pushing the country closer to political crisis .
Spain 's Constitutional Court banned the vote earlier this month after Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said it violated Spain 's 1978 constitution , which states the country is indivisible . Most opposition parties are also against the vote .
“ All the power of the Spanish state is set up to prevent Catalans voting , ” Puigdemont said in a televised address .
“ We will do it because we have contingency plans in place to ensure it happens , but above all because it has the support of the immense majority of the population , who are sick of the arrogance and abuse of the People 's Party government . ”
On Thursday , tens of thousands gathered outside the seat of Catalonia 's top court in Barcelona , singing and banging drums , to protest the arrests of senior officials in police raids on regional government offices on Wednesday .
“ This is a step back for democracy , ” said one of them , 62-year-old pensioner Enric Farro . “ This is the kind of thing that happened years ago - it should n't be happening now . ”
State police arrested Catalonia 's junior economy minister , Josep Maria Jove , on Wednesday in an unprecedented raid of regional government offices .
SPONTANEOUS PROTEST
Acting on court orders , police have also raided printers , newspaper offices and private delivery companies in a search for campaign literature , instruction manuals for manning voting stations and ballot boxes .
Polls show about 40 percent of Catalans support independence for the wealthy northeastern region and a majority of want a referendum on the issue . Puigdemont has said there is no minimum turnout for the vote and he will declare independence within 48 hours of a “ yes ” result .
A central government 's spokesman said protests in Catalonia were organized by a small group and did not represent the general feeling of the people .
“ In those demonstrations , you see the people who go , but you do n't see the people who do n't go , who are way more and are at home because they do n't like what 's happening , ” Inigo Mendez de Vigo said .
Mendez de Vigo also said an offer for dialogue from Madrid remained on the table . Repeated attempts to open negotiations between the two camps over issues such as taxes and infrastructure investment have failed over the past five years .
Rajoy said on Wednesday the government 's actions in Catalonia were the result of legal rulings and were to ensure the rule of law . The prime minister called on Catalan leaders to cancel the vote .
Hundreds of National Police and Guardia Civil reinforcements have been brought into Barcelona and are being billeted in two ferries rented by the Spanish government and moored in the harbor . But the central government must tread a fine line in enforcing the law in the region without seeming heavy-handed .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
The stand-off between Catalonia and the central government resonates beyond Spain . The country 's EU partners publicly support Rajoy but worry that his hardline tactics might backfire .
In Scotland , Nicola Sturgeon , who heads the pro-independence devolved government , said she hoped the Catalan and Spanish governments could hold talks to resolve the situation .
In a referendum in 2014 , Scots voted to remain within the United Kingdom .
Salty Nut Brewery logo CROPPED.jpg
( Contributed photo )
HUNTSVILLE , Alabama – Named after world champion Benjamin Juergens ' award-winning facial hair , a local beer called Imperial Moustache Red debuted in Huntsville this week , kicking off the beginning of a new chapter for its creators Salty Nut Brewery .
Salty Nut Brewery shipped out barrels of its Imperial Moustache Red on Monday . ( Contributed photo )
With a rich malty taste and toasty essence on the back end , the Imperial Moustache Red is a smooth beer with just a hint of hoppy aroma . The complex , seven-grain alcohol is n't overbearing or weak – it 's `` right in the middle , '' according to the nanobrewery 's website .
The Huntsville brewers released their new craft beer on Wednesday night at The Nook , and plan to have additional tasting events tonight from 5-7 p.m. at Liquor Express on 1802 University Drive and from 6-8 p.m. Friday at The Stem & Stein on 10871 County Line Road , Suite B , in Madison .
Salty Nut Brewery , located at 4411 Evangel Circle , is the smallest and newest brewery to open in Madison County . The Huntsville area , which has recently experienced a beer-brewing boom , has the highest per-capita volume of breweries than any other county in the state .
Salty Nut founders Brent Cole , Daniel Yant and Mark Ivie recently launched the business in a 2,500-square-foot brew space near UAHuntsville . Cole , also an engineer at NASA , told AL.com and The Huntsville Times last month that he and his business partners have invested at least $ 50,000 so far in the brewery .
`` Our brewery is fully functional , '' said Cole , president and brewmaster of Salty Nut . `` Everything 's going good . It 's getting hectic , but that 's OK because that 's what I was expecting . We 're the newest brewery in town , definitely the smallest brewery , and we 're here to sell some beer , so if you like craft beer , there 's no reason you ca n't come by and shoot the bull with us . ''
Cole said Salty Nut will unveil a new beer each month until the brewery introduces its seasonal blends later this year . In July , craft beer connoisseurs will have an opportunity to taste the brewery 's HopNaughty Imperial Pale Ale , a hoppy but smooth beer with a beautiful color , citrus undertones and 7.6 percent alcohol content .
In February , the Alabama Brewers Guild reported triple-digit brewery production growth in 2012 across the state for the third consecutive year . Salty Nut is n't the only up-and-coming beer enterprise in Madison County . Wish You Were Beer , the first-craft only beer store in north Alabama , is set to open in the coming weeks at 7407 U.S. 72 in Madison .
Rocket Republic Brewing and Huntsville Brewery will also launch this summer , joining already established local breweries Straight to Ale , Blue Pants , Yellowhammer Brewing , Brew Stooges , Below the Radar and Old Black Bear Brewing Company .
Beer production statewide grew 118 percent to 19,301 taxable barrels of beer from 8,846 barrels in 2011 . The Alabama Brewers Guild estimates more than 38,000 barrels of beer will be produced this year , up 102 percent from last year .
Salty Nut Brewery has joined AlaBev 's team of Alabama craft beer brewers . AlaBev , one of the top craft-beer distributors statewide , dispenses products from Auburn to Florence and handles local breweries , including Straight to Ale and Blue Pants .
AlaBev spokeswoman Alicia Rohan said Salty Nut 's beers will be available in the Huntsville and Birmingham markets and distributed in limited quantities .
`` We are excited to add Salty Nut Brewery to our business and continuing to satisfy the beer lovers we serve across Alabama , '' states Harry Kampakis , owner of AlaBev . `` Our local beer community is experiencing tremendous growth . With the legislation that has been passed over the last few years , we are seeing breweries like Salty Nut enter the market and provide a wide variety of locally brewed beer . ''
Lucy Berry can be reached at lberry @ al.com .
SAN DIEGO -- Tony Gwynn is already talking after five doctors spent 14 hours removing a malignant tumor from inside the Hall of Famer 's right cheek on Tuesday .
According to Gwynn 's wife , Alicia , the doctors performed a complex nerve-graft procedure , removing Gwynn 's facial nerve and replacing it with a nerve from Gwynn 's shoulder .
Alicia Gwynn said her husband came out of surgery at 1 a.m. PT Wednesday , and that doctors told her they had entirely removed the cancerous growth from his parotid gland .
At 8:30 a.m. , Tony Gwynn was already talking , drinking water and laughing . That was not the case 18 months ago , when he underwent a previous cancer surgery in the same spot and could not smile for months .
`` I 'm already ahead of schedule , '' Gwynn said Wednesday afternoon from Thornton Hospital at the University of California-San Diego , just 12 hours after surgery . `` Last time , I could n't lift my eye or close my mouth . This time , my eye can close , my mouth can close . I feel good . I 'm talking better than I did last time . ''
The surgery was intricate and not without high risk . If the nerve graft did not go well , Alicia Gwynn said , her husband 's face could have been partially paralyzed or slightly disfigured .
But as of Wednesday morning , there were no signs of complications , and all biopsies performed on his salivary gland and facial area during the operation came back negative , Alicia Gwynn said .
`` It turned out great , '' Alicia Gwynn said . `` He looks good , he looks normal . His eyelids are a little swollen , but they got all the cancer . They say they got it all . His face looks good . They did an amazing job . ''
She said that because the cancer was localized , she believed her husband , 51 , could possibly resume his job as baseball coach at San Diego State in about a month .
`` I do n't know when I 'll be back , '' Tony Gwynn said Wednesday afternoon . `` I 'll worry about me first . When I get healthy , I 'll get back out there . I 'm grateful for the position I 'm in . There 's no reason to rush now . ''
Image copyright Thinkstock
Canada 's air force has had to take spare parts from a museum to keep its search-and-rescue aircraft flying , after government promises to buy new planes never materialised , it 's been reported .
Technicians from the Royal Canadian Air Force went to a military base museum in Trenton , Ontario in 2012 to find navigational equipment for a similar aircraft that 's still in use , The Ottawa Citizen reports . They got the part from an E-model C-130 Hercules airplane on display , after getting permission from the museum .
`` They sort of called up and said , 'Hey , we have these two INUs ( inertial navigation units ) that we ca n't use . Do you have any on yours ? ' '' museum curator Kevin Windsor recalls . He says they were lucky the parts were available and interchangeable , and took only half an hour to remove .
The former head of military procurement , Dan Ross , says it 's embarrassing that the air force has to `` cannibalize old stuff that 's in museums '' to keep up its rescue planes - eight Hercules and six Buffaloes - which are apparently on their last wings . The planes respond to thousands of emergencies every year . The government has been promising since 2002 to replace the planes , but has kept putting it off to make sure it 's `` getting the purchase right '' , the Citizen says .
Use # NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter .
What defines a professional software engineer ?
There is n't a simple answer to that question , but after reading several books on the subject I identified some tips that I have found useful .
Which ones do you like ? Which ones do n't you like ? What do you think is still missing in this list ?
Planning/Deadlines
Before figuring out how to do something , ask why this needs to be done in first place . Challenge assumptions . Try to find an easier solution . Before committing to large projects , validate that they will work . Invested time in the validation will save wasted effort if the project is not realistic . Do not rewrite from scratch if a system can be improved incrementally . Define clear goals . It will show if you fall behind and you need to update your estimate . Incur technical debt when it 's necessary to meet a deadline . Then gradually pay it off . Stick to the proven tools that are right for the job . Trendy technologies might be fun to explore , but they lack support , and expertise , and often require reinventing a wheel . Say no to any unrealistic requests when the stakes are at their highest . Instead , suggest more feasible solutions , such as reducing scope . Regularly measure your progress against goals . Estimate using three fact-based dates : the best case , normal case , and worst case . Ensure there is no ambiguity in requirements .
Productivity
Do not overwork . It is inefficient and decreases productivity . Overwork leads to mistakes that need to be corrected later . Focus on the 20 percent of tasks that deliver 80 percent of the value ( 80/20 principle ) . Question every activity to determine if it can be done faster , produce more value , or if there is another activity that delivers a higher impact . Measure effectiveness by the number of new subscriptions , new users , new features , sales , or improved core business metrics -- not by lines of code , long hours , meetings , reports , or completed tasks . Proactively schedule time to deal with distractions so that they wo n't interrupt your get-stuff-done time . Do not try to eliminate all distractions as it wo n't help build trust . When you are in a hole - stop digging . Have the courage to back out from a solution that is n't working out , even though you 've invested a lot of time into it . Do not agree to work overtime !
Professional development
Ship products that users love , launch features that customers pay for , build tools that boost productivity , deploy systems that help companies scale . Study existing code in your company , study all material available internally , master your programming languages , send your code review to the harshest critics , and jump fearlessly into code you do n't know . Define effective ways for others to deliver results . Make the organization 's goals your goals . Earn trust and respect through demonstration of ability . Improve your writing : use Twitter , add documentation , blog . Lead by demonstrating expertise and professionalism . Guide everyone to the common goal . Make everyone around you succeed . Do not succumb to the pressure of a deadline or an authority . You are paid for your expertise . Your company relies on you to act professionally . If you run a team , understand issues that the team exists to solve . Familiarize yourself with the following : Design patterns
Design principles - SOLID , Component
Methods - XP , Scrum , Lean , Kanban , Waterfall , Structured Analysis , and Structured Design
Disciplines - TDD , OOP , Structured programming , CI , Pair programming
Artifacts - UML , DFD , Structure charts , Petri nets , State transition , flowcharts , decision tables
Quality/Tests/Troubleshooting
Balance your code reviews . Rigorous process impedes velocity . Lack of code reviews allows bugs to slip through . Abstract APIs in a way that makes them easy to learn , easy to use , hard to misuse , easy to extend , and appropriate to the audience . Automate unit tests to save time in the long run . Invest time to produce an elegant solution which will benefit the system in the long run . The initial solution is generally more complex , fragile , and hard to understand . Build systems that fail fast and visibly . It makes them robust , easier to fix , and less buggy . Automate mechanics ( repetitive tasks ) first . Then automate decision making . Approach coding problems as follows : Understand the problem .
Write a failing test .
Solve the problem as fast as you can .
Tidy up your code and make sure the test passes .
Commit changes . Do not over-engineer . Add flexibility , abstraction , and layers only when they are absolutely necessary , and not because they would be “ cool ” to have . Over-engineered code is hard to comprehend , test , change , and maintain . Establish coding guides and conventions but do not enforce them with rigor . “ Premature optimization is the root of all evil. ” Build your application in a way that it can be monitored and supported . Do not refactor for potential future benefit - “ You ai n't gon na need it. ” Do not refactor just to “ clean it up. ” Refactor when you know that it will have an economical effect . Do not break discipline ( even under pressure ) as it will slow you down . The code must be clean and tested . Correct the design early-on when it is moving in an unmaintainable direction . Ignoring this can drive the system into a swamp from which it may never escape . Ask the 5 Whys . Monitor and instrument your systems .
The books
SAN FRANCISCO -– The bases were loaded in the ninth inning of a tie game Thursday night in the National League Championship Series .
Nail-biting time for the Giants ?
More like practical joke time .
As infielders gathered near the pitcher 's mound when reliever Jeremy Affeldt was summoned from the bullpen , shortstop Brandon Crawford snatched the glove of first baseman Brandon Belt and hid it behind his back .
“ I did n't know anybody saw that , ” an amused Crawford said after the Giants ' 6-3 walkoff victory over St. Louis . “ Aw , he knew it . He was lost for a split second , and that 's all I was going for , really . Then he knew it was me . ”
[ BAGGS : Instant Replay : Ishikawa 's HR sends Giants to World Series ]
“ It 's only the biggest situation in the postseason and Crawford is hiding Belt 's glove , ” Giants radio announcer Duane Kuiper remarked over the airwaves .
Is it any surprise this team comes through under playoff pressure ? When the white-knuckle moments arrive , the Giants keep their wits –- and their humor -– intact .
And speaking of Crawford , he delivered one of the most clutch plays of the night , shortly before pulling the prank on his teammate in the ninth .
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out when Kolten Wong hit a sharp grounder that seemed ticketed for left field . Third baseman Pablo Sandoval got a piece of it with his glove , and the ball deflected toward Crawford . The shortstop gloved it heading to his right , turned on a dime and unloaded a perfect throw to second to force Randal Grichuk for the second out .
[ RATTO : Wild Card Giants refuse to quit until job complete ]
That stunted the Cardinals ' rally , and Affeldt eventually retired Oscar Taveras on an inning-ending comebacker with the bases loaded to keep it a 3-3 game .
Second baseman Joe Panik was surprised that Crawford managed to get even one out on Wong 's grounder .
“ I did n't realize it got re-directed , ” Panik said . “ The kind of shortstop he is , it was unbelievable how he was able to catch it and get rid of it quick , the ball right at my chest . It 's not the easiest thing in the world to do . ”
[ STIGLICH : NLCS MVP Bumgarner 'excited to be moving on ' ]
More flashy defense helped Giants starter Madison Bumgarner get out of a jam in the top of the first . With runners on first and second with one out , Sandoval left his feet and snared Jhonny Peralta 's line drive , then whipped a quick throw to second to double off Jon Jay and end the threat .
When the ninth inning arrived , Travis Ishikawa provided the drama with a three-run walk-off homer . In pranking Belt , Crawford was more than happy to provide the laughs .
A Christian group in Regina has been praying for Muslims . According to the Canadian Network of Ministries to Muslims ' website , these prayers are with `` faith , hope and love for the Muslim world . ''
`` Through prayer we can engage in an active love for the Muslim world , sharing their burdens , and understanding their concerns , '' said Harold Lutzer , a member of the Canadian Network of Ministries to Muslims .
`` In this way , we really fulfil Jesus ' command to love our neighbours as ourselves . ''
The group in Regina is only two months old , but groups from the organization across the country have also worked to help refugees coming into the country settle into their communities .
He said the group hopes that through helping Muslims , they can tell more Muslims about Jesus . On the organization 's website , it says their mission is to `` equip the Canadian church to help Muslims in Canada become disciples of Jesus Christ . ''
`` Yes our aim is also to present Jesus to them , but no one can ever convert them , it 's only God who can do that , '' said Lutzer .
Lutzer said he thinks that many Muslims are converting to Christianity around the world .
`` It 's not happening that much in Canada , but I believe it will happen , '' said Lutzer . `` There are many countries where they are coming to faith in Jesus . That 's encouraging . ''
Community response
Labiba Aboguddah , a Campion College student who is active in the Muslim community , sees a problem with the way this is being approached by the group .
`` It does n't make sense that they just want a specific group , in this case Muslims to convert , '' Aboguddah wrote in an email .
However , she sees why the group would use this method of helping the community in hopes of converting others .
`` They want others to know what Christianity is about , and one of their ways is by helping those in need , '' Aboguddah said .
`` The way I think of it is , looking at the Muslim community , a lot of them do great things because it is part of Islam , but also to show people what Islam is about -- peaceful and fair . ''
She wrote that this is done with the hopes that people of other religions will educate themselves on Islam so there can be less hate .
Goal should focus on interfaith relationship
For Jimmy Schimmel , an active member of the Christian community and executive director at Katepwa Lake Bible Camp , the goal should be to build better interfaith relationships rather than conversion .
`` Our foundational belief is that relationship is key to building trust and growth in a community , '' said Schimmel .
He added the goal of conversion does not necessarily foster a good dialogue between different faiths , and saw that goal as a way of just providing checklists and numbers .
Schimmel also said that he does n't see discipleship as being about converting people to the faith .
`` The foundation of a disciple is to build a relationship , so essentially we 're supposed to go out and build relationships with each other , '' said Schimmel .
`` If you can get past differences in beliefs , the relationships you build are going to be stronger , they are going to last longer , and those are the relationships that are going to stay life long . ''
Two of bitcoin 's best-known developers have ‘ forked ' the software in a controversial attempt to resolve its scalability crisis .
The client , Bitcoin XT , was dreamt up earlier this year as a way to ‘ opt out ' of bitcoin 's current 1MB block size limit – which has proved a divisive issue as the digital currency grows .
Currently , the network handles between three and seven transactions per second . However , blocks on the network are beginning to fill up . Reaching bitcoin 's so-called ‘ capacity cliff ' – depending on who you ask – could create a competitive market for transaction fees or destroy the robustness of the network completely .
Increasing bitcoin 's block size – a ‘ quick fix ' for the issue – carries its own long-term implications for the network , which some argue would make the network more centralised and , thus , less trusted .
Gavin Andresen , who handed over the reins as bitcoin lead developer to Wladimir Van der Laan last year , is behind XT 's code , with ex-Google employee Mike Hearn reviewing and adding bug fixes . As of Saturday , it is now subject to public scrutiny as the final part of the testing process .
Governance model
Speaking to CoinDesk , Hearn said the project had come about as a result of long-standing frustrations with the consensus-driven governance of Bitcoin Core , which he said has ignored any changes that trigger disagreement – even among those who do not contribute to its code .
“ This model falls apart the moment even small differences of opinion and vision appear , as it allows anyone – including people who hardly contribute – to block any change . ”
Bitcoin XT will use the “ traditional ” open source model , Hearn said , in which the code ultimately reflects the decisions of its maintainer . Unlike Bitcoin Core , it wo n't run on consensus , but can be forked and modified by others .
“ This takes a little bit of work , but not much – it 's similar to creating a political party . Convincing people to run it is like convincing people to vote for you , ” he added .
Technically speaking , anyone can run XT . However its new rules , which include other patches that did n't make it into Core , such as updates on double-spending and protection against DDoS attacks , will only be triggered by miners doing so – 75 % of miners , to be exact .
Hearn explained :
“ By mining with Bitcoin XT you will produce blocks with a new version number . This indicates to the rest of the network that you support larger blocks . When 75 % of the blocks are new-version blocks , a decision has been reached to start building larger blocks that will be rejected by Bitcoin Core nodes . ”
If XT does n't receive enough of these ‘ votes ' then nothing will change . It 's up to Hearn to convince other stakeholders , including exchanges , payment processors and wallet developers to join its bigger blocks – at press time it had 6.9 % .
“ At the moment , we think it 's plausible we can get majority . But it will likely be a lot of work , ” he told CoinDesk .
The 75 % majority
Others are more cautious about XT achieving the majority it needs . Speaking to CoinDesk , fellow Core developer Peter Todd said that while it was possible for the 75 % threshold to be achieved , he warned the standard 95 % threshold for soft-forks was chosen for good safety engineering reasons .
“ For technical reasons 75 % is really low and has a high risk of leading to huge reorganisations of the blockchain ; miners would be taking a big risk by adopting that code , ” he said , adding that the team behind the software was “ unproven ” and “ inexperienced ” .
If Bitcoin XT succeeds , it seems like a risky strategy to be left on the wrong side of the fork . For one thing , any new coins mined on the ‘ losing side ' would be unsellable . Hearn is n't too worried about this , citing the fact that miners have rejoined the majority within hours in the past .
However Pieter Wuille , another Bitcoin Core developer , told CoinDesk this ‘ losing ' and ‘ winning ' fork was a big concern :
“ People not being able to send coins from one ‘ side ' of the fork to another , and all coins that existed before the fork being able to be spent twice ( once on every side of the fork ) [ is ] the very thing that bitcoin was designed to prevent . ”
“ Maybe it works and maybe it does n't , but I do think that it is a grave risk for centralisation of influence over the network , even if it works , ” he added .
Action and inaction
The blocksize debate has overshadowed development for many months now . It 's proved the most divisive issue among bitcoin 's core developers – and the stalemate between those demanding bigger blocks and those seeking other scalability workarounds , Todd included , shows no sign of abating .
Jeff Garzik , who made a proposal , BIP 102 , for a 2MB block as an emergency ‘ fallback ' if consensus is not reached , recently put it : “ There is no perfect answer; as with most modern policy changes , any action –­ including inaction – generates winners and losers . ”
Understandably , XT has garnered its fair share of detractors – not just for its aims , but its methods , too .
A message purporting to be from Satoshi Nakamoto – whose email account was rumoured to have been compromised last year – appeared on the bitcoin dev mailing list Saturday to denounce the “ dangerous ” project . It read :
“ If two developers can fork bitcoin and succeed in redefining what ‘ bitcoin ' is , in the face of widespread technical criticism and through the use of populist tactics , then I will have no choice but to declare bitcoin a failed project . Bitcoin was meant to be both technically and socially robust . ”
Whether or not it came from the real bitcoin creator , the message that the project violates the ‘ original vision ' of bitcoin is shared by others .
Discussion of XT was recently banned on the most popular bitcoin subreddit , r/bitcoin , with moderator ‘ Theymos ' claiming that as a fork of Bitcoin Core , XT should be classed as an ‘ altcoin ' or a ‘ forkcoin ' , similar to litecoin .
Wuille said : “ I think that people are free to fork the software and make changes . Not all users have the same demands , and software diversity is good . However , we 're not talking about switching software , but about changing the rules of the network . ”
“ I consider proposing software that intentionally changes the consensus rules while controversy exists about it , and marketing this as a safe choice for people in the network to run to be disingenuous and dangerous . ”
Todd told CoinDesk : “ Well , keep in mind there is no debate among the experts in the community about the big picture : blockchains do n't ( yet ) scale . Even Gavin admits any block size increase is just ‘ kicking the can down the road ' . ”
Bitcoin image via Shutterstock
Exactly a month ago , Russia took it up a notch in Syria by deploying Tupolev Tu-95 Bears , Tu-22 Blinders , and Tu-160 Blackjacks in the fight against anti-Assad elements including ISIS and al-Nusra .
The first footage of the strategic long-range bombers in action surfaced on November 17 and served notice that Moscow is willing to double down on its commitment to the fight even if securing key cities like Aleppo proves more challenging that The Kremlin originally anticipated .
According to Gen. Anatoly Konovalov , deputy commander of Russia 's long-range aviation force , Moscow 's long-range warplanes have carried out 145 sorties against terrorist targets since mid-November . “ In total , long-range aviation aircraft in Syria have carried out around 145 mission sorties , some 1,500 bombs have been dropped and about 20 cruise missiles have been fired , '' Konovalov said .
Those who have followed the Syrian conflict might recall that in early September ( so before Moscow made Russia 's involvement “ official ” ) the US pressured Greece to deny Russia use of its airspace on supply runs to Latakia . Subsequently , Bulgaria said it had `` enough serious doubts about the cargo of the planes ” to refuse overflight privileges .
Well in the course of detailing Russia 's long-range bomber missions , Konovalov noted that the Tu-160s were forced to fly from the airfield of Olenegorsk in Russia 's northwestern Murmansk Region .
Why is this notable , you ask ? Here 's Konovalov again : “ Europe did n't let us fly ; Turkey did n't let us fly , but we showed that even is such conditions we 're capable of coping with the task using airfields on the Russian territory . ''
In other words , Europe and Turkey declined to allow Russia to use their airspace on the way to conducting airstrikes against the very same terrorists that attacked Paris just four days before the long-range warplanes were deployed to the fight in Syria . `` Russian pilots had to leave for Syria from Russia 's northernmost Olenegorsk military airport in order to bypass Europe and then cross the Mediterranean Sea toward Syria , '' Sputnik adds .
As for the EU , the refusal likely stems from the long-running dispute over Ukraine and the attendant economic sanctions which are of course part and parcel of generally frosty relations between Brussels and Moscow . As for Turkey , it 's fairly obvious why Ankara is seeking to make life difficult for the Russians . The two countries are embroiled in an intense war of words following Erdoğan 's move to down a Russian fighter jet near the Syrian border and like closing the Bosphorus , hampering Russian bombers ' path to Syria by declning overflight is just one more way for Ankara to impede Moscow 's efforts to shore up Assad .
At the end of the day , this is still more evidence that when it comes to `` cooperation '' in the war on terror , one side is n't doing its part .
The gift arrived a few days ago , but christmas is a busy season ! Two packages with four gifts in total arrived with awesome wrapping paper . We got two books , a teacup and some tea : ) My son was thrilled about `` Where the Wild Things Are '' . We 've been reading it every night before bedtime so far . And apparently only daddy reads it the right way : ) The cup has become my main coffee cup at the moment , it fits my hand pretty good ! My son adpoted the sloth and added it to his collection of animals . We have not had the chance to try the tea yet , but when the busy days are over , I am looking forward to reading Calvin & Hobbes while sipping tea : ) My sister collected Calvin & Hobbes back in the 90s . It feels great to read some of the classics again . I hope my son enjoys it in time as well ! Happy holidays !
Most of my regular listeners know that I have recently taken a job in the architectural visualization world . I have moved to Seattle to work for a company called Studio 216 , and am very thankful for the opportunities provided to me . In this Thanksgiving episode , I talk to my boss , Boaz Ashkenazy , about how Studio 216 is using VR to lead the arch vis world into the future .
Rev VR Podcast – Episode 113
I sometimes find it difficult to explain to folks what exactly I do for a living . Architectural visualization and “ experiencing the unbuilt environment ” are meaningless phrases unless you have some base knowledge of the architecture and real estate industries . Boaz has been doing this for over 10 years , and easily explains how we adapted an already thriving industry and brought virtual reality into the mix for an even deeper level of immersion .
We discuss a wide variety of topics , from developing sales center experiences , to finding the right way to add value to the client 's experience . Boaz had the opportunity to join me at Oculus Connect 2 , and we talk about his experience of interacting with the VR community . We discuss UX/UI , and how important it is to make simple , but also elegant experiences .
As I have said before , I am very thankful for finding such an amazing company whose passion for VR and community involvement mirrors my own . I want to thank Boaz , Jamie , and Charlie for giving me this opportunity , and I look forward to continuing my journey into the Metaverse along with my team here at Studio 216 .
Check out Studio 216 's website for examples of our work , and links to our apps .
For more info , follow Studio 216 and Boaz Ashkenazy on Twitter .
Become a Patron ! Back Reverend Kyle on Patreon
Subscribe to Get Episodes as They Air
Subscribe to the Rev VR Podcast on iTunes or Stitcher
Direct download of episode 113 : MP3 Download
Stanley Fish on education , law and society .
In the always-ongoing debate about the role of religion in public life , the argument most often made on the liberal side ( by which I mean the side of Classical Liberalism , not the side of left politics ) is that policy decisions should be made on the basis of secular reasons , reasons that , because they do not reflect the commitments or agendas of any religion , morality or ideology , can be accepted as reasons by all citizens no matter what their individual beliefs and affiliations . So it 's O.K . to argue that a proposed piece of legislation will benefit the economy , or improve the nation 's health , or strengthen national security ; but it 's not O.K . to argue that a proposed piece of legislation should be passed because it comports with a verse from the book of Genesis or corresponds to the will of God .
A somewhat less stringent version of the argument permits religious reasons to be voiced in contexts of public decision-making so long as they have a secular counterpart : thus , citing the prohibition against stealing in the Ten Commandments is all right because there is a secular version of the prohibition rooted in the law of property rights rather than in a biblical command . In a more severe version of the argument , on the other hand , you are not supposed even to have religious thoughts when reflecting on the wisdom or folly of a piece of policy . Not only should you act secularly when you enter the public sphere ; you should also think secularly .
Whether the argument appears in its softer or harder versions , behind it is a form of intellectual/political apartheid known as the private/public distinction : matters that pertain to the spirit and to salvation are the province of religion and are to be settled by religious reasons ; matters that pertain to the good order and prosperity of civil society are the province of democratically elected representatives and are to be settled by secular reasons . As John Locke put it in 1689 ( “ A Letter Concerning Toleration ” ) , the “ care of men 's souls ” is the responsibility of the church while to the civil magistrate belongs the care of “ outward things such as money , land , houses , furniture and the like ” ; it is his responsibility to secure for everyone , of whatever denomination or belief , “ the just possession of these things belonging to this life . ”
A neat division , to be sure , which has the effect ( not , I think , intended by Locke ) of honoring religion by kicking it upstairs and out of sight . If the business of everyday life — commerce , science , medicine , law , agriculture , education , foreign policy , etc . — can be assigned to secular institutions employing secular reasons to justify actions , what is left to religious institutions and religious reasons is a private area of contemplation and worship , an area that can be safely and properly ignored when there are “ real ” decisions to be made . Let those who remain captives of ancient superstitions and fairy tales have their churches , chapels , synagogues , mosques , rituals and liturgical mumbo-jumbo ; just do n't confuse the ( pseudo ) knowledge they traffic in with the knowledge needed to solve the world 's problems .
This picture is routinely challenged by those who contend that secular reasons and secular discourse in general do n't tell the whole story ; they leave out too much of what we know to be important to human life .
No they do n't , is the reply ; everything said to be left out can be accounted for by the vocabularies of science , empiricism and naturalism ; secular reasons can do the whole job . And so the debate goes , as polemicists on both sides hurl accusations in an exchange that has become as predictable as it is over-heated .
But the debate takes another turn if one argues , as the professor of law Steven Smith does in his new book , “ The Disenchantment of Secular Discourse , ” that there are no secular reasons , at least not reasons of the kind that could justify a decision to take one course of action rather than another .
It is not , Smith tells us , that secular reason ca n't do the job ( of identifying ultimate meanings and values ) we need religion to do ; it 's worse ; secular reason ca n't do its own self-assigned job — of describing the world in ways that allow us to move forward in our projects — without importing , but not acknowledging , the very perspectives it pushes away in disdain .
While secular discourse , in the form of statistical analyses , controlled experiments and rational decision-trees , can yield banks of data that can then be subdivided and refined in more ways than we can count , it can not tell us what that data means or what to do with it . No matter how much information you pile up and how sophisticated are the analytical operations you perform , you will never get one millimeter closer to the moment when you can move from the piled-up information to some lesson or imperative it points to ; for it does n't point anywhere ; it just sits there , inert and empty .
Once the world is no longer assumed to be informed by some presiding meaning or spirit ( associated either with a theology or an undoubted philosophical first principle ) and is instead thought of as being “ composed of atomic particles randomly colliding and . . . sometimes evolving into more and more complicated systems and entities including ourselves ” there is no way , says Smith , to look at it and answer normative questions , questions like “ what are we supposed to do ? ” and “ at the behest of who or what are we to do it ? ”
Smith is not in the business of denigrating science and rationalism or minimizing their great achievements . Secular reason — reason cut off from any a priori stipulations of what is good and valuable — can take us a long way . We 'll do fine as long as we only want to find out how many X 's or Y 's there are or investigate their internal structure or discover what happens when they are combined , and so forth .
But the next step , the step of going from observation to evaluation and judgment , proves difficult , indeed impossible , says Smith , for the “ truncated discursive resources available within the downsized domain of ‘ public reason ' are insufficient to yield any definite answer to a difficult issue — abortion , say , or same-sex marriage , or the permissibility of torture . . . . ” If public reason has “ deprived ” the natural world of “ its normative dimension ” by conceiving of it as free-standing and tethered to nothing higher than or prior to itself , how , Smith asks , “ could one squeeze moral values or judgments about justice . . . out of brute empirical facts ? ” No way that is not a sleight of hand . This is the cul de sac Enlightenment philosophy traps itself in when it renounces metaphysical foundations in favor of the “ pure ” investigation of “ observable facts. ” It must somehow bootstrap or engineer itself back up to meaning and the possibility of justified judgment , but it has deliberately jettisoned the resources that would enable it do so .
Nevertheless , Smith observes , the self-impoverished discourse of secular reason does in fact produce judgments , formulate and defend agendas , and speak in a normative vocabulary . How is this managed ? By “ smuggling , ” Smith answers .
. . . the secular vocabulary within which public discourse is constrained today is insufficient to convey our full set of normative convictions and commitments . We manage to debate normative matters anyway — but only by smuggling in notions that are formally inadmissible , and hence that can not be openly acknowledged or adverted to .
The notions we must smuggle in , according to Smith , include “ notions about a purposive cosmos , or a teleological nature stocked with Aristotelian ‘ final causes ' or a providential design , ” all banished from secular discourse because they stipulate truth and value in advance rather than waiting for them to be revealed by the outcomes of rational calculation . But if secular discourse needs notions like these to have a direction — to even get started — “ we have little choice except to smuggle [ them ] into the conversations — to introduce them incognito under some sort of secular disguise . ”
And how do we do that ? Well , one way is to invoke secular concepts like freedom and equality — concepts sufficiently general to escape the taint of partisan or religious affiliation — and claim that your argument follows from them . But , Smith points out ( following Peter Westen and others ) , freedom and equality — and we might add justice , fairness and impartiality — are empty abstractions . Nothing follows from them until we have answered questions like “ fairness in relation to what standard ? ” or “ equality with respect to what measures ? ” — for only then will they have content enough to guide deliberation .
That content , however , will always come from the suspect realm of contested substantive values . Is fairness to be extended to everyone or only to those with certain credentials ( of citizenship , education , longevity , etc. ) ? Is it equality of opportunity or equality of results ( the distinction on which affirmative action debates turn ) ? Only when these matters have been settled can the abstractions do any work , and the abstractions , in and of themselves , can not settle them . Indeed , concepts like fairness and equality are normatively useless , except as rhetorical ornaments , until they are filled in by some partisan or ideological or theological perspective , precisely the perspectives secular reason has forsworn . Therefore , Smith concludes , “ conversations in the secular cage could not proceed very far without smuggling . ”
Smith does not claim to be saying something wholly new . He cites David Hume 's declaration that by itself “ reason is incompetent to answer any fundamental question , ” and Alasdair MacIntyre 's description in “ After Virtue ” of modern secular discourse as consisting “ of the now incoherent fragments of a kind of reasoning that made sense on older metaphysical assumptions . ”
And he might have added Augustine 's observation in “ De Trinitate ” that the entailments of reason can not unfold in the absence of a substantive proposition they did not and could not generate ; or Roberto Unger 's insistence in “ Knowledge and Politics ” that “ as long as formal neutrality is strictly maintained , the standards it produces will be . . . empty shells . . . incapable of determining precisely what is commanded or prohibited in particular situations of choice. ” ( In “ The Trouble With Principle ” I myself argue that “ there are no neutral principles , only principles that are already informed by the substantive content to which they are rhetorically opposed . ” )
But no matter who delivers the lesson , its implication is clear . Insofar as modern liberal discourse rests on a distinction between reasons that emerge in the course of disinterested observation — secular reasons — and reasons that flow from a prior metaphysical commitment , it has n't got a leg to stand on .
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite building a base of support larger than Donald Trump 's , Bernie Sanders still lags far behind Hillary Clinton in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination . Since November , Clinton has held on to a steady lead of 20 to 30 points , and Sanders shows little sign of breaking out beyond 30 percent or so of Democratic voters nationwide .
Clinton is dominating Sanders . Her victory over the Vermont socialist is all but assured . All she needs to do is keep coasting along , allowing Donald Trump to continue making the media fixate over how much of a fascist he is , and cruise to an easy victory .
That 's what makes her recent campaign strategy so baffling .
Instead of laying low and playing it cool , Clinton is running as though the race were very close , tax-baiting Sanders with Republican talking points , and allowing a proxy to blow up a huge fight with the Sanders campaign over a data breach . It 's a mystifying and risky way to run a campaign .
Let 's run the tape . On policy , the Clinton campaign has been consistently tax-baiting Sanders over his support for single-payer healthcare and other moderate social-democratic programs . This not only plays into Republican narratives that taxes are always a simple decrease in income ( rather than payment for valuable and desperately needed programs ) , but also boxes Clinton herself in on taxes . A promise of no tax increases means she can not support Kirsten Gillibrand 's paid leave proposal .
Clinton 's stance also basically rules out badly needed increases in Social Security . At an Iowa townhall this month , Clinton spoke about the solvency of Social Security , and while she initially disavowed benefit cuts , she eventually ended up endorsing the possibility of raising the retirement age . Speaking about how it 's harder for some workers to keep working to age 70 , she said : `` If we could figure out how to do it , I would be open to hearing about it , I 've just never heard anybody tell me how we could do it . ''
In context , Clinton repeatedly states she is against benefit cuts , but it 's a mark of the legacy of New Democrat triangulation that she ca n't even seem to talk about why they are a bad idea without tacitly endorsing them . And though she vaguely endorses the possibility of raising the payroll tax cap , this would mean raising taxes on people well down into the upper-middle class , and would certainly be subject to the same kind of tax-baiting she is deploying against Sanders . She would be called , with some justification , a hypocrite .
More recently , Clinton surrogate and head of the Democratic National Committee Debbie Wasserman-Schultz allowed a minor flap over data security to blow up into a major fight between the Sanders campaign and the DNC . The DNC keeps a big file of data from each campaign , but keeps a firewall between them . Apparently , Sanders ' data guru noticed that the firewall was down , and looked into a few Clinton voter lists and models inside the system . The DNC accused them of copying Clinton 's critical information , and locked the entire campaign out of the system .
The Sanders team quickly fired the staffer responsible , and has since suspended two others . But the DNC initially refused to allow Team Sanders accesses to the system . The Sanders camp retaliated , arguing that the vendor responsible for the data system had already let the firewall lapse on several previous occasions , and that the staffer had only been attempting to document the lapse ( however inappropriately ) . Moreover , much of that campaign data was created by the Sanders team itself at great time and expense . Such data is the lifeblood of a campaign — permanently locking them out would destroy them . The Sanders campaign even filed a lawsuit in federal court against the DNC before the DNC relented and restored Sanders ' access .
Both the Sanders camp and the vendor ( the president of which worked on Bill Clinton 's campaign ) bear some responsibility for the initial problem . But it 's ludicrous that the DNC allowed it to get so out of hand .
Let us not be children here : Hillary Clinton is no stranger to bare-knuckle politics . Her 2008 campaign repeatedly stooped to outright race-baiting against Obama . In the grand scheme of politics , this data-breach story is small potatoes . Yet instead of trying to smooth over the dispute — as Sanders himself did for Clinton 's email problem — her only response was to insist on a full accounting of her campaign data . Eventually Sanders did get his access back , but only hours before the first hearing on his lawsuit against the DNC .
Sanders ' supporters were furious , and were clearly itching for a fight with the DNC . Corruption at the organization is notorious , and Wasserman-Schultz was a Clinton campaign co-chair in 2008 . It beggars belief to imagine such ham-handed tactics from their court if Clinton 's and Sanders ' roles were reversed .
The issue was mostly defused during Saturday night 's debate . Sanders apologized for the breach , and Clinton said she would like to move on . Yet the DNC never would have gone so far as suspending access , even temporarily , if Clinton did not tacitly approve . One call and it would have been reversed — doubly hard to miss at a debate which had obviously been scheduled at an atrocious time to prevent Clinton opponents from getting much attention .
In any case , Clinton is positioning herself for the general election . She therefore ought to worry about deflating the evident passion of Sanders supporters . Most of them will probably end up pulling the lever for her , but I can see it being very hard to donate , volunteer , or work for the Clinton campaign — and she will likely need dedicated volunteers and staffers a lot more than voters . She ought to be trying to stay on good terms with Sanders ' fans , and thus would be well advised to make sure her near-certain win is as clean and gracious as possible .
Many people who work regular jobs dream of becoming independent freelancers . With conventional freelancing , this can be very hard to do , but the Internet is changing everything . The last few years have seen the rise of a whole new type of freelancing based around the use of freelancing marketplace websites , which make it far easier for independent workers to find clients , and thus start freelancing careers . Online freelancing , or Internet freelancing , is growing at a tremendous rate , with some marketplace sites doubling in volume in just the past year . If you 're interested in becoming a freelancer , there 's never been a better time to give it a try . But do you really know what 's involved in the freelancing lifestyle ? What are its pros and cons of online freelancing , and how do you know if it makes sense for you personally ? How do you undertake this endeavor in a way that will maximize your chances of success ? There 's never been a resource on the Web to answer these questions , to provide advice and guidance to the thousands of contractors who decide to become online freelancers every month -- until now . The Online Freelancing Guide is dedicated to providing essential information to help you build your freelancing career . The detailed information it contains will assist you in understanding what online freelancing is about , learning how to use freelancing sites effectively , and finding and completing projects for satisfied clients . On the left side navigation bar you will find quick links to the various parts of the site . The upper box green buttons that link to information pages about the site , including testimonials and answers to frequently asked questions . If you have questions or comments about the site , you can also feel free to contact us with your feedback . Need freelancing work done ? The purple box below these buttons contains direct links to the current content on the site , with the large blue `` Site Content '' button taking you straight to the site 's table of contents . How to Make Money Online as a Freelancer in 2017 We all use the Internet for communicating with friends and family , doing research , and watching videos . In recent times , the internet has become popular as a money making source . Each year more and more people are interested in the concept of making a living out of the web . “ Best ways to make money online ” ranks among the top searches in Google . Several websites have articles on suggested methods to make this possible , however not all these techniques will work for everyone . Some methods are more efficient than others . Others turn out to be frauds and scams . Some of these mistakes will result in massive financial losses . Consistency is key in successful freelancing . With the current harsh economic times , it 's hard to make enough money on one job . For that reason , freelancers have come up with new legitimate ways that enable them to make money online as a freelancer in 2017 . These ideas need extra effort to have a positive impact on your earnings . Whatever the reason is , you need to be up to date with the new ways to earn money online . Going through this post will increase your knowledge , you will have fresh ideas on how to generate that extra income from the comfort of your house . If freelancing is something you do on a full-time basis , this could be a life changer . Below are some of the accomplishments you can achieve using money made from the internet . • Boost your cash flow to settle bills
• Pay off debts
• Improving your lifestyle/living conditions
• Build your savings That said , we have come up with five ways to increase your income as a freelancer in 2017 . You can give yourself a raise by adopting any of these five ideas . Some will allow you to generate full-time income as a freelancer while others will offer part-time side income . 1 . Blogging Blogging is undoubtedly the most loved way to make that extra money from your computer . You can make money writing on your favorite category ; the categories can be lifestyle , health , sports or finance . To start a blog , first , buy a domain name and pay for hosting . Alternatively , you can create a profile on free blog websites like WordPress . The blog may take a while before you start making enough money . One year is enough time to assess whether your blog is where you expected it to be . You , therefore , need to be patient and persistent . Many people give up along the way due to the challenges faced . They enter the blogging world full of hope thinking it is a smooth ride . Regularly update your blog with fresh posts to keep your audience entertained . With time , your audience will grow , and you will get a modest list of routine fans and readers . After gaining a big following , you can advertise products for various companies . Ensure to promote products that will fix your readers problems by fulfilling their need . A good strategy is advertising products that reflect what you write about , for example , if you have a body building blog you can advertise fitness products . A blogging host that we recommend is WPX Hosting . 2 . Content writing . Content writing has become very popular resulting in the emergence of many freelancing/content writing sites like iWriter , Fiverr and Upwork among others . Just like blogging , you can follow your enthusiasms and choose to write on your favorite topics or topics you know a lot about and make money out of it . Do not , however , limit yourself to one category , try out new subjects . The more content or articles you write , the more money you are likely to make . Every website needs to have information updated which means content is required all year long . Write routinely and give your best to earn better . 3 . Affiliate marketing . Affiliate marketing is one of the latest ways of making money from the internet . Freelancers advertise other people 's products and services at a fee called affiliate commission . By marketing a company 's product or services online , some of your readers may be interested in the products of the business whose items you are advertising and click on the advertisement for more information and possible purchase . If your website is frequented by thousands of visitors daily , use that opportunity to gain financially . Marketers will use your site to upload their adverts . Before you choose a marketer , you should first convince them to pay you enough money . 4 . Graphic and logo designing . Successful businesses have adopted digital media as a strategy for brand recognition . Due to this reason , there are several opportunities for graphic designers lately . Graphic designing can be in the form of visuals or high-end images . You need to be conversant with software such as Adobe Photoshop . Every business needs to have a logo that represents their brand . A logo is very powerful ; it helps people recognize a product even from a distance . You can use freelance sites , your website or classifieds to get clients . 5 . E-books . With so much content needed , there has been a rising necessity for e-books . E-books are longer and more detailed than regular articles . There are several sites where you can sign up , write e-books and get quick money . Bid for jobs that match your ability and experience . To get more or better-paying clients you have to deliver high-quality work . Develop new techniques to make the process easy and fun at the same time . Selling information products as e-books is the new thing in town . Many people have made good money from this . Starting an eBook company is also a good strategy , and it is not expensive . There are no shortcuts ; you have to deliver the best quality content . Tips and precautions to take when looking for new ways of generating income from the internet . [ a ] Be very careful when dealing with sites that require you to pay exorbitant membership charges for signing up , some of them turn out to be scams . Some sites promise what they can not deliver , using luring words to convince potential members . You will lose your hard-earned money . [ b ] Know your worth . As a freelancer , make sure that you are good compensation for the time you spend doing research and putting it in writing avoid low paying sites that take advantage of freelancers by paying peanuts . You can , however , start with small paying if you are a newbie , and rise the ranks slowly . Remember every great president was once a child . There are no shortcuts to success . [ c ] Deliver high-quality work , and you will have repeated clients . There are endless opportunities to make that extra cash on the internet . Every year , more websites are created , and new products that need reviews enter the market . Making money by getting paid to do what you love while solving other people 's problems is a satisfying feeling . You just need a laptop or personal computer and internet connection to get started . Virtually , anyone can be a freelancer , but it takes a lot of effort to be the best . Try any of the above ways to turn your miseries into fortunes .
Last Tuesday was supposed to be a memorable day for Belal Hossain .
His wife , Farzana Nasrin , 37 , was going into labour at the Northern Lights Regional Health Centre in Fort McMurray , Alta. , about to give birth to the couple 's third child .
Their other boys , ages 6 and 2 , could n't wait to meet the new baby .
But things went horribly and tragically wrong . Shortly after giving birth to a boy , Farzana Nasrin died .
`` Oh , it 's like a whole sky falling down on me , I was trembling outside in the room and was like ' I 'm dead , I 'm gone , ' '' said Hossain , still clearly in shock as he spoke to CBC News on the phone from Fort McMurray .
Hossain had gone to pick up his two other boys from school while his wife went into labour . Things seemed to be going fine when he returned with the boys .
But with a toddler more interested in playing than sitting in a hospital room , Hossain entertained his kids in another room of the hospital .
He said his wife had visited her doctor and the hospital in the days leading up to the birth for what they thought were labour pains .
She had two natural births previously , and there were no other signs anything unusual was developing this time . Up to the point she gave birth to the new baby boy , her 44-year-old husband said he was told everything was normal .
'We ran to the 2nd floor '
Hossain said he was discouraged from going back into the room as it was being cleaned , he recalled .
He decided to make a quick trip to get doughnuts for his children and others to share . He was parking his car in the hospital parking lot when his phone rang . It was the hospital , which told him there was a problem .
`` We ran to the second floor and the doctor said she is bleeding , '' said Hossain , who had n't yet spoken to his wife since the birth .
He would never get the chance .
Things happened quickly after the initial warning about internal bleeding .
Hossain said he was told the bleeding was heavy . His wife was transferred to the intensive care unit .
`` And then five minutes later , they come and they say she 's gone , '' he said .
'How could this happen ? '
He still does n't know what happened , but wonders if the doctors reacted quickly enough to stop the bleeding . Along with the grief and loss , he 's feeling emotions such as anger and confusion ..
`` How could this happen ? '' he asked .
A spokesperson for Alberta Health Services , which runs the Northern Lights Regional Health Centre , described such cases as `` extremely rare . '' In fact , the death is the first of its kind at the hospital in 25 years .
AHS released a statement to CBC News confirming an internal review is underway to `` determine details of the care provided to this patient . ''
AHS promises to act on any recommendations from the internal review that could help improve care in the future .
' I 'm crying all the time '
In the meantime , Hossain tells his boys their mother is now with `` God and Allah . ''
And he has n't yet been able to see his new baby boy , who was taken to intensive care at a hospital in Edmonton , where on Thursday he was still being assessed and monitored .
Hossain said he believes the umbilical cord got tangled around the baby 's neck .
But now he 's hundreds of kilometres away from his new baby , while trying to plan his wife 's unexpected funeral , and looking after his two sons , who are desperately missing their mother .
`` Every moment I feel , 'How will I survive ? ' `` he said , adding the only word he can really find to describe the pain he 's feeling is `` unimaginable . ''
He and his wife had been buying baby clothes and equipment for the new baby . They both wanted to name him Rayaan .
`` When I see the crib , baby car seat and I see her dress , everywhere I go I 'm crying all the time and I have two boys with me , so I ca n't cry , because I have them , '' he said .
While he has no immediate family to help him through the ordeal , Hossain is grateful he and his wife 's friends are rallying around to help him .
He expects the funeral to take place within the next couple of days .
AHS says it will share the results of its review with the family when it is completed .
Between now and then , AHS told CBC in its statement it has talked to the family about the circumstances of the case , and will continue to be available to them to answer any questions .
@ cbcgareth
gareth.hampshire @ cbc.ca
click to enlarge Photos courtesy of Tom Hall
Daily , Tom Hall walks an exact mile from his apartment in Soulard to Aboussie Park , “ the smallest park in the world , ” where he sits for a few minutes and reflects on the afternoon . He often stacks on extra mileage by looping around these deeply familiar blocks , sometimes stopping off at a local bar . Places like Nadine 's , where he paused for a round last Thursday night.Trying “ to get home in time for the Blues game , ” Hall remembers making a couple decisions around 7:30 p.m. that would have major consequences . Hoofing it down Menard , roughly between Duke 's and Great Grizzly Bear , the musician saw a group of five men walking on the opposite side of the street . Assuming wrongly that “ they were just bar hoppers ” he cut through a wide , open alleyway for the final steps home , which , he says , “ was my second mistake. ” Walking quickly , but never running , the group drew even with Hall . Four of the young men fanned around , then past him . As they did , they requested a cigarette , then a lighter — and suddenly Hall realized that something was amiss . He turned on his heels to walk the other direction , back to the safety of the busier Menard . The last member of the group , though , “ a really big guy , ” was behind him as he spun . Without warning , Hall 's assailant struck with a single , direct shot to Hall 's right eye.Never seeing the punch coming , Hall crumpled to the ground in sudden , extreme pain — but very much conscious . With the other four silently watching , Hall 's attacker began kicking him . One round of heavy-footed kicks . A pause . Another round . Another pause . As blood poured from his eye , mouth and broken nose , Hall braced for a third series of kicks . Through the shock and confusion , though , he saw a neighbor walking his dogs . Then a second neighbor appeared . He called out for help and the attack stopped.The group , as one , began “ moseying on down the alleyway , ” Hall says . Though dazed and confused , he recalls them “ joking and laughing ” as they calmly moved away . At no point did they ask for his money , phone or wallet , suggesting that the twenty-second incident was a mimic of “ the knockout game , ” a violent series of copycat attacks that have ebbed and flowed in south city neighborhoods over the past decade.More philosophical than some would be under such circumstances , Hall figures that the attack was part of our zeitgeist — a violent , micro-expression of worldwide power dynamics. “ They 're directing their anger at the wrong place , ” Hall says , of these young men and countless others . “ They 're young . They want to feel power and impress their friends . That 's why they do it . It 's an indictment of our society , as far as I 'm concerned . The rich have power ; those that do n't try to get some , even in a small , stupid way like this . I was at the wrong place at the wrong time and [ wound up in ] a really random act of violence. ” Hall wonders “ what they 're thinking when they 've done something like that . I wonder if they enjoy that , that release of anger . And I wonder about when they 're 55 or 60 , if they 'll think back on this and why they did it . I 've had friends say that they 'll be dead or in jail by then , and I guess there 's some truth in that , but … I do n't want that. ” That the attack happened on Hall 's longtime home turf adds a certain extra sting to the situation.He recalls moving to the area “ back in ‘ 80 or ‘ 81 . It was mostly shells then . It was kinda like the wild west in a way , you could do anything you wanted. ” At that time , the district was both working-class and bohemian , just a couple decades removed from the wrecking balls that preceded the construction of I-44 and I-55 , which ripped through the neighborhood . Years removed from gentrification , the area was home to straight-up characters — and blues musicians were common among that number.Finding a sense of home in Soulard , Hall was becoming a well-known guitarist with groups such as River City Rhythm and the Geyer Street Sheiks ; along with band work , he gigged prolifically as a solo performer . Over time , he 'd host a show on KDHX and perform in a series of duos , most recently in a generation-spanning act with hotshot pianist Ethan Leinwand . Ever-deepening his renowned abilities to play the blues ( and American roots music , generally ) , Hall 's been an active , musical presence of the barrooms of Soulard ever since arriving. “ I 've seen Soulard change from nothing to this business that it is now , ” he says.In the hours after the attack , Hall posted to Facebook , including photos that graphically showed the damage done . Dozens of calls , voice messages and texts followed and Hall turned off his phone , deeply feeling the need for immediate solace in music.Less than 24 hours after the event , and still wracked by violent spasms of facial pain , Hall found himself at what he refers to as one of his “ wallpaper gigs. ” Every Friday at Lafayette Square 's Sqwires , Hall plugs in and plays a happy-hour set while diners enjoy an early meal or after-work drink . Though a couple of friends showed up for this weekly gig , Hall was able to work through the stress and shock while mostly alone , in public. “ I 'm glad I did that , ” Hall says of the short set . “ I had to get back on the horse . ”
FINAL ACT
The Dials ! The Dials !
Ok , I 've got your attention . Now , can the game hold it ? Well , this certainly is something different . On one [ many ? ] levels , it appears a very simple , almost child-like tank game . Simple in physical components , simple in the rules and simple in number of pieces . Just seven tanks per side , a bare map of 12 x 12 square grid , a few pieces of terrain , oh ... and two control panels with THE DIALS !
Contributing most to the impression thatis a youngster 's game are the tanks - very basic wooden-block tanks that could easily come out of my two-year old daughter 's play box .
As you can see , a wooden body , a wooden turret and a wooden gun . The few pieces of terrain and obstacles are equally simple and blocky : three berms [ earthen mounds ] and a cardboard swamp and minefield . That 's virtually it . The few other components are also wooden : these are the red flame markers to indicate a hit on the tank [ that 's the reason for the groove on the tank 's rear , namely to slot the hit marker in ] and black shell markers to place on the map to indicate where your shots land .
But there in the background of the picture is without doubt the star component : one of the Control panels with its celebrated set of dials . As you can see the quality of nearly everything is superlative .
Only the cardboard swamp and minefield look rather ordinary among such well finished pieces . Once again , I ca n't help drawing you back to the dials .
Admittedly , dials have become something of an in-thing in the gaming world , from Glass House 's production wheels to Tzolkin 's gears and , perhaps most recently Scythe 's Combat dials . But these really are the piece de la resistance . Though the pointers are made of plastic , they are solider than any others I 've come across and , most important , already assembled and secured in quality machined , metal units .
The map too is an attractive production with strong , vibrant earthen colours that are echoed in the orange and brown shading of the berms .
It is very physically appealing , but an appeal to a fairly young age group rather than an adult market . This seems a little at odds with the background of one of the designer 's being a former Israeli tank commander . Though he views the game as light to medium , I 've found it to be ultra-light in depth and game play .
The rules do an excellent , clear job of explaining play , but are barely more than four pages long . As you can see below , text is fairly brief , well-laid out and attractively illustrated .
But basically , it is a question of setting your upper row of dials to program each tank 's movement , which is always one square into any of the three front or rear squares . You can not move directly to the squares to your immediate left or right . At the same time , you program each tank 's lower dial if you want to make a 90-degree turn .
Before you reveal and move your tanks , you place each tank 's wooden shell in one of the square 's of the tank 's fire arc . In the photo above , you can see several images of how terrain affects that fire display . You then reveal your control panels and move your tanks .
If an enemy tank moves into a square that contains one of your shells , your opponent places a red hit marker in the groove at the rear of the tank . If that tank later in the game takes a second hit , you place the marker on top of the tank 's turret and it is killed . In the basic game , the tank is removed from the map board , as an advanced rule the wrecked tank remains on the board as an obstacle . Again , the fact that the latter is one of the four very simple `` advanced rules '' indicates the strongly introductory nature of this game . The other three extra rules allow once per game for one tank to fire two shells , for one tank to repair by removing a shell hit and for a reduction in the number of tanks that can fire if specific tanks have been destroyed .
Final Act a try . So , combat boils down to a game of `` guesstimate '' . You work out which squares your opponent 's tanks can potentially enter and your shells can hit and then try to guess which ones he/she has chosen . This factor alone [ reinforced by the ultimate goal of the game being to get one of your tanks into the enemy 's area designated Last Line of Defense ] has led me to struggle to find players among my gaming circle , both of Euro gamers and wargamers , willing to givea try .
Though the initial secret placing of terrain and tanks lends variety to each game and there is no doubt of the physical quality of the game 's production , ultimately I 've found reactions have uniformly been that this is a delightful product and excellent for introducing children to the fascinating world of wargaming , but with very limited appeal to an adult market .
Final Act is published by Tyto Games and can be pre-ordered on their website tytogames.com
= mediawiki - Accessing MediaWiki from Haskell = 'mediawiki ' is a Haskell package providing a comprehensive binding to the programmatic interface to MediaWiki ( aka , 'the MediaWiki API ' ) - http : //www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API The binding is allegedly complete ( 2008-11-17 ) , letting you write applications in Haskell that accesses and ( if enabled by target Wiki ) manipulate content on MediaWiki pages . = Getting started = For some code samples showing you how to get started using this API binding , have a look in the examples/ directory . = Building and installing = This package is provided in Cabal form , so only thing you need to do to get going is : foo % runghc Setup configure foo % runghc Setup build foo % runghc Setup install The package depends on a bunch of other packages though , so you need to have them built & installed , as well . They are : * HTTP : http : //hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/HTTP * xml : http : //hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/xml * mime : http : //hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/mime * utf8-string : http : //hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/utf8-string = Feedback / question = Please send them to sof @ forkIO.com , and I 'll try to respond to them as best/quickly as possible .
Should the Church make Catholic education affordable for all families ? Every Catholic parent has to consider how to educate his or her children . Usually this consideration boils down to a simple binary of whether to send her child to Catholic school or to public school .
My wife and I , both of whom have attended and worked at Catholic schools , almost instinctively want our two-year old daughter to have a Catholic education . It seems odd to think that a Catholic school would make a difference for her—after all , she does n't know the alphabet , let alone the Catechism—but we know an education that considers the well-being of the whole human person and introduces truth , goodness , and beauty at an early age—along with the great spiritual and sacramental gifts of the Church—will help form her for life .
The decision is n't easy for many parents because the local church has done little in the last several decades to form the parental understanding on the need for Catholic education . If you are lucky , your priest might remind you in a homily about the importance of forming your children 's Catholic conscience and of raising them to be faithful Catholics . Few priests will argue that this kind of formation requires a Catholic education . Many parents thus assume that going to Mass and CCD is enough .
Catholic teaching might state that the parents are the primary educators of their children ( the phrase is taken from the Second Vatican Council 's declaration on Christian education , Gravissimum educationis ) , but the majority of parents decide to outsource their child 's education to the local school board or the diocese , two entities guided largely by prevailing cultural norms or bureaucratic efficiencies . More often than not , parents are not equipped to understand curriculums and school culture . The Church responds primarily by doubling-down on her simple request : place your child with us and we will take care of his or her education .
That trust is misplaced . Not lost amidst the Archbishop of San Francisco 's attempts to ensure fidelity to the magisterium among his teachers is the reality that his action is a last-ditch salutary effort . The majority of his teachers and his administrators openly reject Catholic doctrine , embracing syncretism with the culture rather than the Catholic heart and mind . This group of educators is hardly the canary in the coal mine . The canary died several generations ago . Indeed , we 're now several generations into adult lapsed Catholics misanthropically boasting about their Catholic education .
Of course , we all know many great ( and usually expensive ! ) Catholic schools . The landscape is not so bleak that I can not fondly and proudly look back at the parochial middle school and private high school I attended , as well as a Catholic graduate school . My teachers were not just competent and orthodox , but lived the faith in the frailty of their lives ( that is , they were no holy rollers ) .
Still , my own education was a mix . I attended the local public elementary school and attended public university for undergraduate and law . The Catholic options were not available at a price point that I could reasonably afford . Had I attended one of the more prominent Catholic law schools in the country , I would have graduated with a six-figure debt . That debt may have had a significant impact on my own discerning of my vocation to marriage . It would have been hard to ask my now-wife to help me pay off my significant debt—essentially making it our debt—and starting our family .
Unfortunately , now that my first little one is ready to head off to preschool , I am realizing that the Catholic schools I attended and the ones to which I would want to send my children are decidedly outside the affordable price range for just one child . A Catholic primary and secondary school education ( let alone a college education ) is simply out of the price range for median income families in my local area . This says nothing of the fact that faithful Catholic families are “ fruitful and multiply ” and with those joys come too the expenses . Especially in a well-to-do metropolitan area , many Catholic private schools compete directly with their secular private counterparts for the upper-middle-class , well-to-do dollar , pricing out the local family or children of alumni .
Education is a hard business . It does not help that public-funded schools essentially outclass Catholic schools in academics . Who always has the better science lab , for example ? There is a perception that a well-off public school prepares a child for the world much better than the Catholic school does . The segmentation and benefits that the alumni of elite universities provide one another seems to trickle down to well-off ( or at least , not bad ) public schools . Many high schools create a strong cultural and communal tie to their neighborhoods , which often last a lifetime .
The discussion that Pope Francis has encouraged of the Church 's response to poverty and human need has not affected how we talk about our Catholic schools . The Church seems unable to sustainably fund Catholic education and make it accessible to everyone . If the education of Catholic children is as important as Catholic teaching says it is , the question of funding ca n't be left to struggling parishes and sacrificing families .
In the longer term , the Church should ask not only how to fund her schools but whether the need for such an education might be provided by other forms . Catholic education might not necessarily mean “ Catholic branding ” or at worst “ normal education sprinkled with the Catechism. ” The rise of the classical school movement ( and even some classical charter public schools , like the Great Hearts system in Arizona ) , raises the serious question as to whether “ Catholic branding ” in the 9 to 3 schooling environment is a sine non qua for a Catholic education .
If the intellect and moral imagination is being formed by the virtuous past of human tradition , there is no tension between faith and education . Can we consider pedagogies and approaches that are not strictly “ Catholic ” as still being formed by the Catholic heart , mind , and imagination ? The recent recovery of Montessori education as a Catholic education seems to point to the answer being yes .
Yesterday , Donald Trump dominated New York 's Republican primary , securing over 60 % of the popular vote and 89 of the state 's 95 delegates . This victory makes it all the more likely he 'll secure the Republican Presidential nomination over climate change denier Ted Cruz and `` women-in-the-kitchen '' candidate John Kasich . Naturally , many New Yorkers are upset that our state played any part in the advancement of such a violent , bigoted oligarch . One of these people , incidentally , would have been Harlem-born rapper Tupac Shakur , whose views on Trump have now become public in a 1992 video recently unearthed by MTV .
The MTV video is dated August 8 , 1992 — a short few months after race riots erupted in Los Angeles following the announcement that the four officers responsible for brutally beating Rodney King had been acquitted of using excessive force . In it , Pac discusses the systemic nature of wealth inequality in America : `` Everybody is taught at school if you want to be successful , you want to be like Trump , it 's all gim me gim me gim me , crush crush crush , '' he explains .
Nearly 25 years later , this video is all the more relevant . Tupac unknowingly explains why Trump 's greed-fuelled rhetoric cripplingly impedes a truly democratic , equal , and just society . `` Now America is dressed up in jewels , they paid and they 're lending money to everybody except for us . Everybody need a little help on they way to being self reliant , '' he explains . `` No independent person was born and just grew up independent . You worked and you learned teamwork and cooperation and unity and struggle and then you became independent . We have to teach that and instill that . ''
He continues to make an impassioned case about the redistribution of wealth — the fundamental tenant of Sanders ' Presidential platform : `` There 's no way that these people should own planes when people do n't have houses , apartments , shacks , drawers , pants . '' What about , as the MTV interviewer suggests , people who earned all that ? `` Even if you earned it , '' Pac responds , `` you still owe . ''
Perhaps most importantly , the rapper also speaks about the connection between economic inequality and social prosperity , acutely demonstrating why Trump 's campaign is so incredibly harmful . `` Just because [ a person ] do n't got [ money or resources ] does n't mean he 's bad , mean he 's a criminal , mean he 's crazy , a drug addict , or none of that . It just means he does n't got . '' There is a 16 to 1 wealth accumulation gap between black and white Americans right now . Economic disadvantage is n't , as Trump is attempting to convince us , a signifier of individual or communal degeneracy , it 's been institutionally sustained for hundreds of years — from slavery to the G.I . Bill .
In spite of all the justified anger Pac expresses in the video , he — like Sanders — sees potential for change : `` but it takes something revolutionary , something out of the ordinary . ''
Credits
Text Emily Manning
Private Practice alum Ann Cusack has landed a provocative guest-starring role in Castle ‘ s Season 8 premiere .
TVLine has learned exclusively that the actress will appear in the second half of the two-part season opener as Rita , a member of a top-secret organization who drops into Beckett 's life with a unique set of skills… and an unexpected connection to Castle .
In addition to her Private Practice arc as the wife of Addison 's mother Bizzy , Cusack 's recent TV credits include episodes of Backstrom , Masters of Sex , Scandal and Hart of Dixie .
Previously this summer , Castle added Toks Olagundoye ( The Neighbors ) in the series regular role of onetime Scotland Yard officer Hayley Vargas , while Sunkrish Bala ( The Walking Dead ) will recur as a high-strung tech analyst .
Castle opens its eighth season on Monday , Sept. 21 .
VIDEO : Castle ‘ s Nathan Fillion Talks Season 8
Rick & Kate : ‘ Things Have to Change '
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vP9IRjpVK74
Nike has suspended its contract with Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson , announcing the decision Wednesday as part of a statement that also addressed the company 's role as a partner with the NFL .
`` Nike in no way condones child abuse or domestic violence of any kind and has shared our concerns with the NFL , '' company spokesman KeJuan Wilkins said in a statement . `` We have suspended our contract with Adrian Peterson . ''
Nike suspended Adrian Peterson 's endorsement deal , the shoe company 's latest decision regarding an embattled athlete . Tom Dahlin/Getty Images
As of Wednesday night , Peterson 's jersey was no longer available on the NFL 's official online store , NFLShop.com , or any Nike stores , as well as the company 's online site .
Last week , Nike said it was concerned about the child abuse allegations surrounding Peterson and was monitoring the situation . The company pulled some of Peterson 's Vikings jerseys out of some of its stores in Minneapolis on Tuesday .
Nike 's new stance means that the company will not be paying Peterson under the terms of his endorsement contract . It has been an unprecedented week for the world 's largest sports shoe and apparel company , having terminated the contracts of both Ray Rice and Oscar Pistorius .
The Radisson hotel chain , the first sponsor to back away from its involvement with the Vikings and the NFL , emphasized that it would continue to suspend sponsorship of the team , despite Wednesday 's announcement that Peterson has been placed on the NFL 's commissioner exempt list .
`` At this time our sponsorship suspension remains , '' Radisson spokesman Ben Gardeen told ESPN .
Hyperice , a sports recovery and rehabilitation device company , ended its endorsement relationship with Peterson on Wednesday .
Nike had a contract with Peterson through the 2011 season . Peterson then went without a shoe contract for the 2012 season before signing with Nike again .
There are morals clauses in Nike contracts , as there are in most endorsement contracts , that allow a company to take action , without penalty , on a deal based on a certain act affecting the brand .
Nike is in the third year of a five-year deal as the NFL 's official apparel provider . The company has endorsement deals with Russell Wilson , Aaron Rodgers , Drew Brees , Colin Kaepernick and Andrew Luck , among other NFL players .
Peterson was indicted on one count of reckless or negligent injury to a child Friday , stemming from an incident earlier this year in which he used a switch to discipline his son . The Vikings announced early Wednesday morning that he has been put on the NFL 's exempt list , which will keep him away from all team activities , while paying his $ 11.75 million salary .
Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has shifted his attention to the US general election , away from his fallen GOP rivals and on to Hillary Clinton – who is favoured to win the Democratic nomination .
But despite this shift in scope from states to the nation , not much else has changed in Mr Trump 's demeanor . The real estate mogul has continued to use his tactic of insults and snide nicknames that helped take down his GOP opponents – and not only towards Ms Clinton , but at another prominent woman in the Democratic party , Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren .
In a campaign appearance in Oregon , Mr Trump targeted Ms Clinton after she criticised him for his stance on women 's issues . In response , the former reality TV star asserted that she was , in fact , the bad choice for American women due to how he says she treated women involved in her husband Bill Clinton 's past infidelity .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
“ She 's been the total enabler . She would go after these women and destroy their lives , ” Mr Trump told the audience . “ She was an unbelievably nasty , mean enabler , and what she did to a lot of those women is disgraceful . ”
Mr Trump did not give specific examples , adding : “ Have you ever read what Hillary Clinton did to the women that Bill Clinton had affairs with ? And they 're going after me with women ? ”
The New York tycoon then turned to speak out against Ms Warren , following her blunt criticism of the candidate following his Tuesday night victory in Indiana .
“ [ Donald Trump ] has built his campaign on racism , sexism , and xenophobia , ” she said .
In Mr Trump 's response some three days following , he called Ms Warren “ goofy ” and “ a goofus ” saying that she has done nothing for the US since she was elected to the Senate in 2012 .
“ I think that Hillary should run with ‘ goofy ' Elizabeth Warren , ” he said . Ms Warren has been the subject of some speculation as to whom Ms Clinton will choose as a running mate if nominated . “ I would love to beat them . ”
He continued with a barrage of attacks on her Native American heritage - an issue she faced in her 2012 campaign against then-Senator Scott Brown .
“ Let 's properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren 's records to see if she is Native American . I say she 's a fraud ! ” he wrote .
Ms Warren shot back : “ [ Donald Trump ] spews insults and lies because he ca n't have an honest conversation about his dangerous vision for America . ”
But Mr Trump continued to stoke the fire .
“ Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective , ” he wrote . “ Does nothing . All talk , no action – maybe her Native American name ? ”
Donald Trump has yet to adopt the demeanor of a statesman this election season - despite his fulsome comments toward Texas Sen Ted Cruz after he suspended his campaign that may have suggested a tonal shift .
Mr Trump has made it as far as becoming the presumptive Republican nominee with his brand of unfiltered , unfettered rhetoric . Perhaps it could win him the Presidency .
However , Ms Warren is confident he can be beaten .
“ Whatever [ Donald Trump ] says , we wo n't shut up . We wo n't back down . This election is too important , [ and ] he wo n't step foot in White House . ”
Ms Warren has endorsed neither Ms Clinton or Sen Bernie Sanders ; nor has she expressed or declined interest in becoming the vice presidential pick .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
Orlando soccer stadium : Good idea but watch the tax dollars
Also right now , Orlando leaders are talking about spending another $ 100 million , including $ 30 million from the team , to build a soccer stadium .
Forgive me for stating the obvious , but should n't these two things be considered together ?
I mean , if I were building a house and wanted to host parties for 25 , 50 and 100 people , I would n't build three rooms . I 'd build one to handle them all .
To you , I might sound sensible .
To soccer boosters , I am an idiot . I do n't understand the complicated , nuanced world of futbol . Or that `` soccer-specific '' stadiums are the only way to go . I should just shut my yap and open my wallet .
That 's exactly what they told folks up in Seattle — that putting a soccer team in a football stadium could n't be done .
Only , Seattle did it anyway .
And now the Seattle Sounders are the most successful soccer franchise in the U.S .
Whereas the average club attracts 18,800 fans a game , Seattle attracts more than 40,000 in the stadium it shares with the NFL 's Seahawks . That 's far more than it could have ever served in the stadium the soccer folks wanted .
By bucking conventional wisdom , Seattle not only survived — it thrived .
Other teams have shared stadiums , too . So forgive me if I do n't just roll over for the talking points that have been proved wrong .
Listen , I like the idea of bringing Major League Soccer to Orlando — for many reasons .
Soccer is a sport of the future . It 's something we do n't already have . And compared with the other sports this town has courted , it is a pretty good deal .
We just spent $ 487 million on a basketball team we already have . We 're talking about another $ 175 million on a football stadium that does n't even have a football team .
For $ 100 million , we 're told we could bring something new to town — a major-league sport with an growing following . I like that .
But I also like to do things the smart way .
See , I 've never been a fan of the pompom shakers whose cheer is `` Spend ! Spend ! Spend ! ''
That spend-first-think-later mentality has gotten this town into trouble in the past . It 's how we ended up talking about needing a new NBA arena soon after the first one opened because — oops ! — someone put the luxury boxes up at the ceiling .
Rumors of a Microsoft and Cyanogen partnership have been making the rounds recently , and the Android mod maker is confirming them today . In an email to The Verge , Cyanogen says it 's partnering with Microsoft to integrate the software giant 's consumer apps and services into the Cyanogen OS . Bing , Skype , OneDrive , OneNote , Outlook , and Microsoft Office will all be bundled later this year . As part of the partnership , Microsoft has committed to creating `` native integrations '' on Cyanogen OS .
These native integrations will likely result in increased integration for Microsoft 's apps and services in a way the company has been trialling recently with Android . Microsoft has experimented with a number of Android apps , and even a Next Lock Screen that aims to replace the traditional lock screen of Google 's Android OS . These experiments , and Microsoft 's many Android apps , are all aimed at pulling consumers away from Google services on Android .
A partnership aimed at Google 's version of Android
`` People around the world use Cyanogen 's operating system and popular Microsoft services to engage with what matters most to them on their mobile devices , '' said Kirt McMaster , CEO of Cyanogen Inc. `` This exciting partnership with Microsoft will enable us to bring new kinds of integrated services to mobile users in markets around the world . '' Microsoft says it will `` continue to deliver world-class experiences across productivity and communications on Windows , and we 're delighted that Cyanogen users will soon be able to take advantage of those same powerful services . ''
Microsoft 's partnership with Cyanogen follows a number of similar moves with Android smartphone and tablet makers . Samsung is bundling some Microsoft apps and services with its new Galaxy S6 , following a bitter Android royalties dispute . Dell is also planning to bundle Office and other Microsoft apps on its Android devices .
Throughout it 's history , the Indianapolis 500 has earned a status of helping to make the career of any driver fortunate enough to win the great race , with names such as Buddy Lazier and Buddy Rice forever being enclosed in history thanks to their respective Memorial Day triumphs in 1996 and 2004 respectively . But for every driver fortunate enough to taste the bottle of milk at the Brickyard there are countless others who suffered the misfortune of failing to win the great race in their career , and in today 's update we look at a man who many consider to be the greatest never to win the 500 .
When looked from purely a statistical perspective , Ted Horn can be considered one of the greatest drivers ever to compete in the Indianapolis 500 . During a ten race career at the Brickyard , Horn enjoyed a run of nine successive races in which he never failed to finish outside of the top four , in the process completing every lap he participated in bar one as well as claiming a pole position for the race . Yet for Horn his inability to convert any of his strong showings into wins at the Brickyard mean that his name is often lost in the shuffle of 500 greats , a figure that I will hope to correct when I devote today 's article to his colourful career .
Born Eylard Theodore Von Horn on the 27th of February 1910 , Ted Horn 's first interests were not in motor sport but rather in the world of the arts . His parents Armandus Henry and Mary Horn were theatre players in the Cincinnati German Theatre , and after spending the early years of Ted 's life travelling as part of the Theatre 's productions the family eventually settled in Carlifornia in the small Los Angeles suburb of San Mateo in 1920 . Following in his family 's footsteps , Ted soon began to display a talent for writing , poetry , and practical jokes as a kid , and at the age of 15 earned himself a job working as an intern for the Los Angeles Times newspaper .
During a commute to work in 1926 , Horn was caught speeding by a local police officer , who immediately asked the 16 year old to pull over for police questioning . Horn had been involved in multiple speeding offenses over the past year , with his recklessness on the road soon beginning to attract the attention of the local authorities . Rather then received a reprimand however , the police officer questioning Horn offered an unusual suggestion ; the young man was to travel to San Jose Speedway where usually there were more cars than drivers , then find a willing car owner to let him drive . Once he got all the speed he had out of his system he could pick up his impounded car . Ted would heed the advice of the policeman and would eventually return to pick up his car . But he found a new passion in auto racing and would never “ get the speed he had out of his system . ”
After finishing an impressive second to Indy 500 winner Louis Meyer in 1933 , Horn soon began to attract the attention of many high profile names in the World of Indycar racing , and after a successful campaign in sprint car racing across the east and Midwest of America was soon approached by Harry Miller over driving for his team in the 1935 Indianapolis 500 . Although the Miller project featured heavy investment from the Ford Motor Company , Horn spent the entire month of May struggling to get the machine up to speed . After qualifying for the race in 27th place , a design flaw in the car would eventually result in the steering gear in the car to eventually freeze up and the car being impossible to steer . Ted dropped out of the race after 145 laps , most of which was spent fighting the steering problem .
After his first Indy 500 Ted felt that he failed to make an impression . Former driver turned car owner Harry Hartz felt otherwise about the young driver and thought that he did an excellent job of driving under difficult circumstances . Hartz was impressed enough to offer Ted a chance to drive his car in the 1936 Indy 500 , which Ted gladly accepted . Hartz , a consistent finisher in his years driving the Indianapolis 500 , took Ted under his wing . The combination Hartz and Horn was immediately a potent one as Ted would finish second on his first race with the pairing . For the next 8 races and 11 years Horn would remain a prominent figure at the front of the Indianapolis 500 , consistently qualifying inside of the top ten before working his way through the field to be a mainstay in the top five come the end of the race . Although he finished one lap down to winner Wilbur Shaw in the 1940 500 , Horn finished on the lead lap of every other 500 during that time , in the process claiming a further four third place finishes and four fourth place finishes booting . Even though the outbreak of World War II threatened to end his strong showings at the Brickyard , Horn returned from the ceasing of hostilities as strong as ever , claiming three successive AAA championships between 1946 and 1948 , along with his only Indianapolis 500 pole position in 1947 .
Despite his strong showings however , Horn 's inability to convert then into wins at the Brickyard soon became a stigma that would come somewhat tar his career , even though he was a perennial figure in the top 5 at Indy Horn would only ever lead 20 laps at the Brickyard during his Indycar career , and by the late fourties the frustration of not being able to claim the great race was beginning to show for the California native . On the 10th of October 1948 , Horn competed in a local sprint car race DuQuoin Fairground track in Illinois , when he was involved in a serious collision on the second lap of the race that saw him lose control and collected by the oncoming machine of Johnny Mantz . Although Horn was taken to hospital alive , the accident saw him suffer concussion and severe damage to his chest , and despite the best efforts of doctors Horn succumbed to his injuries a short while after his arrival at hospital . Horn was 38 years old at the time of the accident , and left behind his second wife Gerry whom he had married just 17 days prior to the accident .
Although Ted was never able to succeed in his dream of winning the Indianapolis 500 , his strong showings at the Brickyard as well as his considerable success away from the race make him a bonafide legend when it comes to American Open Wheel Racing . And one that in recent years will hopefully come to earn the recognition he long deserves .
Unfortunately there is no video on YouTube focusing specifically on Ted Horn ( most of the search results are about How I Met Your Mother ) , but I promise that will be rectified in tomorrow 's update .
Advertisements
In his latest controversial effort to dismiss media criticism , Donald Trump has labeled talk-show host and political pundit Tavis Smiley a `` racist . ''
The attack came one day after Smiley appeared on ABC 's `` This Week '' and called the Republican frontrunner `` an unrepentant , irascible , religious and racial arsonist '' -- a reference to controversial remarks Trump has made about various minority groups .
Trump shot back at Smiley on Monday morning : `` Why does [ This Week ] allow a hater & racist like Tavis Smiley to waste good airtime ? '' he tweeted . `` ABC can do much better than him ! ''
Smiley , who hosts the `` Tavis Smiley '' talk show on PBS , is not an ABC employee . His appearance on Sunday was prompted in part by the release of his new book , `` The Covenant With Black America : Ten Years Later . ''
Smiley responded to Trump 's attack in an interview with CNN 's Don Lemon late Monday night : `` I do n't know how I 'm a racist . I 'm not the one who went after Muslims , I 'm not the one who went after undocumented workers , '' Smiley said . `` My comment yesterday was not singularly directed to Mr. Trump , it 's at the media . I 'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of watching us cover this campaign without calling him on the carpet . ''
`` It says something about America that he is resonating in the way that he is , and I ca n't get in the minds of the voters , '' Smiley continued . `` I just hope that at some point we will come to our senses and that we will see that this is how these slippery slopes begin . ''
Trump 's comments about Smiley mimic dozens of attacks the GOP frontrunner has lobbed at members of the media , but it is the first time this campaign that Trump has labeled a member of the media a racist .
Sign up for the Reliable Sources newsletter — delivering the most important stories in the media world to your inbox every day .
Rap music combines poetry and rhythm far more successfully than e.e . cummings ' brave attempt to recite verse while tap-dancing . Savor the clickety-clack of syllables with today 's Groupon : for $ 29 , you get a six-line custom rap verse from Heart Raps ( a $ 150 value ) .
The lyricists at Heart Rap mine raw ideas and turn them into perfectly styled raps to suit each customer 's personality . The intuitive order form prompts users to include the theme at the heart of verse , be it a love ballad , whimsical message , or reminder to buy cat food . Customers can also opt to have the rap written to accompany an instrumental track from their personal collection . Within five business days or after a visit from the Rap Fairy , patrons will find the completed rhymes and accompaniments in their email with a reference track to guide the vocal flow and pace of personal performances . Though not frequently needed , the bards at Heart Raps will happily revisit and revise lyrics one time after they 've been written and sent . Click here to read a sample verse .
A feminist press release for this film could trumpet Cassie Jaye as a Hollywood actress who refused to subscribe to patriarchal gender roles . A mother and daughter team who took on the male Hollywood establishment and won . A woman who refused to be objectified – and stepped onto the other side of the lens .
Instead feminists tried to stop the film being funded because they believed the film could pose a threat to feminism itself .
The film has been portrayed as a Damascene conversion . It is not . It is about the pain of the loss of faith of a card-carrying feminist , and her journey into the unchartered territories on the other side .
Cassie begins by explaining how she became a feminist . As a teenage Hollywood actress she was always put into roles where she had to play the vulnerable , objectified , air-headed female . She found the roles she was given bore an uncanny resemblance to those she was expected to play in real life .
So , she decided to buy herself a camera and get on the other side of the lens where she builds up a formidable reputation for making films on contemporary , usually gender-based , but politically divisive issues . Confronted by the horror of the Steubenville and Delhi rapes she becomes interested in rape culture , this leads her to the so called ‘ rape apologists ' – A Voice for Men . It is here her story takes off .
An open-minded feminist , Cassie is intrigued by how such an allegedly nasty group of men can have such a large following . She decides to explore further , but was not prepared for what happened next . The ogres of the men 's rights world turned out to be compassionate , intelligent people , often in loving relationships . Their facts and figures stacked up with the data available , and confusingly , their arguments made a great deal of sense .
She heard the litany of male disadvantage . These help Men 's Rights Activists ( MRAs ) get their foot in the door . Men are more likely to die at work , less likely to go to college , more likely to be homeless , lose custody of their children , work longer hours , less likely to go to the doctor , die earlier , receive significantly longer sentences or commit suicide .
More importantly , she is introduced to a completely novel perspective – the male point of view . Men work ten hour days in hard , unpleasant and often risky employment , they carry the lion 's share for what it takes to run our society , they give up their time and give away their money not because they want power and control . But , just as women feel burdened with responsibility for children , men feel the weight of traditional obligation , they feel compelled to provide . And whether we acknowledge it or not , women expect them to . The idea that men invented the rules to benefit themselves simply does n't hold up .
When it is suggested to Cassie that patriarchy did not create women 's reproductive roles , but women 's reproductive roles shaped patriarchy , it makes a lot of sense .
However , the real horror we discover , is how disempowering for men women 's reproductive roles really are .
Katherine Spillar , one of the more articulate feminist voices in the film explains that once a woman is pregnant all the decisions must be hers as she is the one most impacted by pregnancy . However , when we see the 20-year-old crying because his daughter , who he has looked after from birth , is removed from him ( because he is male ) , the man who spends many years ' worth of wages and sacrifices his health to fight for custody of his child , the man who blows his brains out because he loses the custody battle , we wonder if Spillar 's statement about who is most affected really stands up .
Women have control over pregnancy , and can choose whether to opt for abortion , adoption , or full custody . They can commit paternity fraud and deny men DNA testing , but demand child payments all the same . They can use children in custody battles . Men can get women pregnant . Sometimes this is consensual , accidental or they can be tricked into it . But then their rights end .
While Cassie struggles with what she is learning the viewer wonders in whose interest the system is really set up .
As her feminist faith weakens Cassie tries to restore it , seeking solace in those rituals of feminist belief . She attends groups , marches and rallies . She listens to mantras about female subordination and the FTSE 100 , the lack of women in politics and the gender pay gap . She even makes videos to remind herself of the burdens of housework , and how she has to dress .
No matter how much Cassie tries to submit herself to feminist indoctrination , it is unable to hold her and this causes her much distress . She turns to feminist gurus including Spillar , Kimmel and Messner . However , they have never encountered challenges to their ideology and appear surprisingly ignorant . More importantly , they are ignorant of their ignorance , which leaves them singularly unable to convince .
In terms of the cultural slogan borrowed from the Matrix , Cassie has taken the red pill .
When Cassie moves from the perceived injustices of feminism to the world of men 's issues she is guided by pain . The pain of being unable to see your children , of being assumed to be the perpetrator , or of being persistently disbelieved .
The power of feminist platitudes dissolves when touched by real suffering .
Although Cassie 's journey structures the story , the film does so much more . It is the first time that I have seen an alternative explanation for men 's dominance in the public realm articulated on screen . And although on the face of it Men 's Rights and Feminism have interests in common – a belief in gender equality , shared childcare , flexible employment – the cure can not come from a movement which is based on the assumption that women are victims and men are bad . This could never allow for men 's suffering to be of equal value because then it would no longer be a question of gender , as Michael Kimmel reveals in an accidental moment of truth .
The film is pregnant with the untold stories of suffering and every day , gross , inhuman injustice . But I believe the film will also be a crucial episode in an as yet untold story – the rise and fall of feminism itself .
The Red Pill can be seen at UCL on the 8th of December
( Image : Charlotte Cooper )
If you appreciated this article , perhaps you might consider making a donation to The Conservative Woman . Our contributors and editors are unpaid but there are inevitable costs associated with running a website . We receive no independent funding and depend on our readers to help us , either with regular or one-off payments . You can donate here . Thank you .
In the early months of 2012 , Calin Rovinescu , Air Canada chief executive , found himself on the defensive during the company 's first quarter conference call .
[ np_storybar title= ” How to make your own pension plan ” link= ” https : //business.financialpost.com/2014/01/20/how-to-make-your-own-pension-plan/ ” % 5DWith some financial discipline , in many cases , making your own pension may work out to be even better than the corporate pension or forced government pensions like CPP .
Continue reading
[ /np_storybar ]
The first-quarter loss at the country 's largest carrier had just swelled tenfold amid testy disputes with its labour unions , high fuel prices and the collapse of the company 's former maintenance unit , Aveos Fleet Performance Inc .
Adding fuel to the fire , Air Canada 's pension solvency deficit hit a gut-clenching $ 4.4-billion at the start of the year — double what it was a year earlier — as low interest rates and poor equity market performance conspired to increase its funding obligations .
Servicing its pension obligations was completely unmanageable for the company , and so the grumblings started anew that the carrier was once again heading for a brush with insolvency .
Mr. Rovinescu admitted the easiest thing to do would be to rip everything up and start fresh . “ Sadly , life does n't work like that , ” he lamented on the call .
Instead , he said Air Canada would just keep chipping away at the legacy structure of the airline in an effort to return to it to profitability and a more manageable cost structure .
By the end of that year , Mr. Rovinescu had achieved one those goals with Air Canada returning to the black in 2012 for the first time in five years , kicking off a rally that saw the airline become the top performer on the S & P/TSX Composite Index in 2013 , gaining 316 % over the course of the year .
But one of the final pieces the puzzle was only put in place Wednesday with Air Canada announcing its multi-billion-pension solvency deficit had been eliminated .
While the numbers are still being finalized , management said it expected a “ small ” surplus in its pension plan at the start of 2014 for the first time since 2001 .
At the start of 2013 , its pension solvency deficit sat at $ 3.7-billion .
The reversal of fortunes at Air Canada is in many ways indicative of the state of several previously-distressed pension plans in the country .
The health of Canadian pension plans improved sharply again in the fourth quarter of 2013 , according to the Mercer Pension Health Index , which tracks the funded status of a series of hypothetical , defined benefit pension plans . Nearly 40 % of the pension plans in the index were fully funded at the start of 2014 , compared to 6 % the year before . In fact , less than 6 % of the plans entered 2014 less than 80 % funded , Mercer figures show .
“ It 's hard to overstate how good 2013 was for most defined benefit pension plans . Stock markets soared , long-term interest rates rose sharply , and the Canadian dollar weakened which further magnified foreign returns , ” said Manuel Monteiro , Mercer Financial Strategy Group partner , announcing the numbers earlier this month .
There have been several factors that have contributed to the elimination of Air Canada 's massive solvency deficit over the past year , not the least of these has been a rise in the discount rate that calculates what is owed . Air Canada said the discount rate rose to 3.9 % this year from 3 % in 2013 . Every 10 basis point rise in the discount rate — which is based on rising long-term government bond yields — Air Canada said results in a $ 150-million change in the solvency liability , translating into $ 1.35-billion in savings .
There is a significant degree of action in what might be called ‘ de-risking '
The company also said it yielded a 13.8 % return in on its investments last year .
This comes in addition the $ 970-milllion in saving it reaped from the implementation of previously disclosed changes to its pension benefits , including moving the bulk of its new hires into a hybrid defined benefit/contribution pension plan .
The carrier said it also contributed $ 225-million to the plan last year .
Like Air Canada , several Canadian companies suddenly in a similar surplus position are reevaluating the amount of risk they are willing to assume in their defined benefit plans in order to avoid the sort of volatility they have experienced over the past five years , according to Ian Markham , Towers Watson senior actuary .
“ By now , I think , pretty well all parties that have an interest in defined benefit plans generally have got the message that things are a lot different than the heady days when we had surpluses and they could be spent on benefit improvements , ” he said .
Returning Air Canada 's pension plan to the black was no small feat . Like many companies saddled with volatility of a defined-benefits pension plan , the airline has been actively trying to de-risk its plan .
It is trying to protect against future fluctuating in interest rates , for example , by covering 70 % of its pension liabilities with fixed income products with the goal of reaching 100 % in the medium term .
Mr. Markham said Air Canada is not alone in taking these sorts of actions now that its pension funding obligations have subsided .
“ There is a significant degree of action in what might be called ‘ de-risking , ' ” he said .
Many companies are viewing a fully funded pension plan as an ideal time cut back on the return-seeking assets in their plans , such as equities , he said .
“ By making it less volatile , it means that pension plan will be less of a burden on the company and perhaps the pension plan can continue for longer , ” he said .
Air Canada 's pension problems were so bad in 2012 that it reached out the federal government and its employees for further relief on its funding obligations .
In March 2013 , Ottawa announced an arrangement whereby Air Canada would only be required to contribute at least $ 150-million a year to pension plan annually through to the end of 2020 . At the end of the seven year term , at least $ 1.4-billion has to be contributed to its employee 's pension plan , under the terms of the agreement .
There were several strings attached to the deal : executive compensation was frozen at the rate of inflation , special bonuses were prohibited and limits were imposed on the executive incentive plans . The airline was also prohibited from issuing dividends and initiating share buybacks throughout the term of the arrangement , in addition to other constraints .
The company 's management looked significantly hamstrung . But it was a gamble that afforded Air Canada the stability it needed to not only push forward with its plans to launch to its new low-cost carrier , Rouge , last year , but also place an order for new narrow-body aircraft , refinance some of its long-term debt , and better position it financially to take delivery of its new 787s Dreamliners when they start to arrive in March .
Air Canada said Wednesday it is now considering opting out the arrangement with Ottawa and its employees . No decision is expected on the matter this year , but the company said it would consider doing so when the annual contributions it would be required to pay toward the plan would be less than $ 200-million annually under normal funding rules .
“ This would result in up to $ 200-million per year becoming available to Air Canada for other shareholder value enhancing initiatives , ” the airline said .
Mess up last season and the blame is invariably shunted onto Mario Balotelli . Surrender in big matches , such as the FA Cup semi-final to Aston Villa , and the transfer committee comes under attack . Lose 6-1 at Stoke in a performance that is the antithesis of everything the club stands for and Brendan Rodgers gets it in the neck . Win once in 90 minutes in nine matches and it is Fenway Sports Group 's ownership model which is broken . The owners , the transfer committee and the previous manager have played a part in Liverpool 's slide towards mediocrity , but at Anfield the spotlight does not always shine into every nook and cranny . Until now .
Reasons why we love Jurgen Klopp Fri , September 30 , 2016 Jurgen Klopp looks to be coming to the Premier League as the new manager of Liverpool . Express Sport have rounded up all our favourite pictures of the German manager . Play slideshow IG 1 of 11 Hot dog anyone ?
It is natural to assume there will be an improvement in the short term from those looking to catch the eye of the new man . What is intriguing is whether that upturn will be prolonged given FSG 's decision to jettison Rodgers was because they did not feel he was getting the best from the players at his disposal . If , come January and next summer , Klopp is pushing for yet more wholesale changes then it will add credence to his predecessor 's theory he did not have the tools to be a success and leave FSG 's faith in their scouts and analysts exposed . Klopp will know plenty about Roberto Firmino , who arrived at Liverpool from Bundesliga side Hoffenheim for £29million in the summer , with Rodgers in agreement unless it impacted upon a deal for Christian Benteke .
GETTY Former Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has also been suggested to take over at Liverpool
Firmino scored in a 3-2 defeat against Dortmund in the German Cup back in April , after which Klopp hailed the Brazilian 's performance . At Dortmund the favoured formation was 4-2-3-1 so how the quartet of Firmino , Benteke , Philippe Coutinho and Daniel Sturridge fits in - if they do so - represents one of many sub-plots . How , when Klopp craves the `` perfect '' defence , will he view Simon Mignolet , Martin Skrtel , Mamadou Sakho and Dejan Lovren , who is perhaps the only player to have been subjected to sustained criticism over the past 12 months ? Will he see Alberto Moreno as a conventional left-back where Rodgers regarded the young Spaniard 's defensive flaws as meaning he could only play as a wing-back ? What will he do with Emre Can ?
Brendan Rodgers : Career in pictures Sun , October 4 , 2015 Express Sport takes a look at Brendan Rodgers ' career in pictures . Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 17 Former Chelsea reserve team coaches , Rodgers left the Blues to take charge of Championship side Watford in November 2008
A pro-Trump journalist and political activist sued a Fusion reporter in federal court in Washington , DC , Thursday , the most serious action yet in the emerging conflict between mainstream news outlets and the insurgent conservative media that has set up shop in the nation 's capital .
In the complaint , shared with BuzzFeed News , lawyers for Cassandra Fairbanks allege that Emma Roller , the Fusion journalist , defamed their client when she tweeted an image of Fairbanks at the White House making what Roller claimed in a caption is a “ white power hand gesture . ”
Fairbanks is represented by Robert Barnes , a Malibu attorney best known for high-profile clients such as Wesley Snipes and Ralph Nader . In the suit , Barnes pits “ independent , outsider writers , scribes , advocates , and journalists… a new media ” against an “ increasingly distrusted elite-backed press. ” Mainstream media organizations “ view the First Amendment as a wholly owned property of elite-backed journalists to smear and slime their adversaries at will , ” the complaint reads . “ The First Amendment is meant to protect the Cassandra Fairbanks ' of the journalism world : independent , alternative voices of truth in a sea of fake news . ”
At the time of the photograph at issue , Fairbanks was an employee of the Russian government-owned website Sputnik . Now she works for Big League Politics , a new , far-right politics site founded by a former staffer of Breitbart , the far-right news site previously run by Steve Bannon , President Trump 's controversial chief strategist . Fairbanks is among a crop of vigorously pro-Trump writers — along with Mike Cernovich ( who posed next to Fairbanks in the image in question ) , the self-described “ national security reporter ” who promoted the Pizzagate conspiracy theory , and Jack Posobiec , the writer and activist who planted fake “ Rape Melania ” signs at an anti-Trump demonstration — who have enjoyed proximity and access to an administration that sees few friends in the traditional press .
Since starting at Big League Politics earlier this month , Fairbanks has written stories that announced a series of rallies against sharia law and repeated a since-debunked claim about a popular pro-Trump conspiracy theory linking the murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich to WikiLeaks . Her penultimate article for Sputnik was headlined “ Resuming the Witch Hunt : Flynn Accused of Secretly Taking Payments from Russia . ”
The rise of a group of nakedly partisan writers who promote conspiracy theories , fabricate rape threats , and have connections to extreme online communities has caused consternation among the mainstream press . Roller 's April 28 tweet , which calls attention to Fairbanks and Cernovich making a hand gesture associated with the alt-right in the White House briefing room , comes out of this context .
Before it was deleted , Roller 's tweet was shared more than 6,000 times , sparking a discussion about the nature of hate symbols in the age of internet memes ; it 's long been a stated goal of online communities such as 4chan 's /pol/ board to fool the mainstream press into reporting that anodyne gestures and images are the new swastikas .
“ There was a troll meme going around saying that it meant white power , ” Fairbanks told BuzzFeed News at the time of Roller 's tweet . “ But it was a joke because Trump supporters are always being called Nazis even when it is n't true . ”
Yet that very troll campaign could hamper Fairbanks ' case , which will have to show that Roller knowingly or recklessly published false information . “ If there was an active campaign to provide her disinformation and she was reasonable in relying on that information then that could certainly cut against liability , ” Katie Townsend , litigation director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , told BuzzFeed News .
The suit claims that Roller “ acted with actual malice when she published the caption either with actual knowledge that the caption was not true or with reckless disregard as to its truth ” and that the tweet caused Fairbanks to experience “ extreme emotional distress . ”
Roller , who learned of the lawsuit from BuzzFeed News prior to its filing , did not comment for this story .
In a statement , Fusion Editor-in-Chief Dodai Stewart wrote , `` Our reporter Emma Roller has not actually been served , but the complaint provided to us by BuzzFeed is clearly frivolous . This suit is an obvious publicity stunt and an attempt to intimidate reporters who scrutinize the activities of the extreme right . We fully support Emma and will defend her . ''
A spokesperson for Fusion confirmed that the company would pay for Roller 's legal defense .
The action comes at a time when lawsuits against journalists and media organizations have gained new stature . Technology entrepreneur and billionaire Peter Thiel funded a lawsuit against Gawker Media that ultimately caused the company to go bankrupt . And President Trump has repeatedly threatened to sue journalists and change libel law to be less favorable to the press .
`` There are defamation cases designed to burden reporters or punish reporters for reporting on things that folks with some means may not want them to report on , '' Townsend said . `` We have concerned the purpose of such lawsuits is to chill speech . ''
Fairbanks ' attorney Barnes told BuzzFeed News that he took the Roller case pro-bono “ to send a message that people are here and listening. ” Barnes received some publicity late last year when he won more than $ 500,000 on bets in Europe that Donald Trump would win the election .
“ I 've been disturbed by people using the leverage of institutional media to harass new media , ” Barnes told BuzzFeed News . “ I 've been looking for the right case to help advocate for changing that . ”
You do n't get a comeback like this every day . Ford is returning to Le Mans , with a whole new racecar , based on the GT supercar . To celebrate the occasion -- because it 's an occasion worth celebrating -- Ford commissioned a 1:3-scale replica of its car , built entirely of Lego bricks .
Thankfully , gone are the days when model builders would be forced to figure this whole thing out by hand . As you can see in the video below , after deciding on the scale , the builder used computer modeling to generate a plan of attack for the scaled-down racer . The result is a bit like an old JPEG -- a little on the blocky side , but true to form nevertheless .
The builder did freehand the wheel design , however . Color me impressed -- I can barely look at the instructions that come with each Lego kit and figure out how the whole thing comes together . The interior is structural , so there 's no modeled interior , but I 'm willing to give him a pass on that . Legos get heavy on this scale .
One car was n't enough , though . Ford also commissioned a scale model of its classic GT40 , which beat Ferrari in a positively dominating 1-2-3 finish the last time it came to Le Mans . Will history repeat itself ? We 'll find out this weekend !
It 's no secret that I 'm a huge fan of the Dune Chronicles . I own almost everything in first print , have all the versions of the movies , blah , blah blah . Follow the link if you want more of me bragging about my collection . What I did n't have in my collection until this weekend was trading cards for the Lynch version from 1984 published and distributed by second banana trading card company , and Topps imitator Fleer . If you were a fan of science fiction movies , or pop culture in general from the mid to late 70s all the way to the early 90s , there was a very good chance that your poison of choice had a trading card set to go along with the promotion of the movie or television show . This type of promotion was not just exclusive to Sci-fi , I distinctly remember trading cards for BJ McKay & His Best Friend Bear when I was a very young child . Trading cards were ubiquitous for a good decade and a half .
When I went to the Steel City Con this weekend , I was floored by the massive amount of cards that are still in circulation , boxed in their wax packs decades after their initial release . One set that caught my eye were trading cards from 1980 for the Rocky Horror Picture Show . The packs were so nicely packed , so crisp and clean , they could have been mistaken for a modern set . I did n't buy , Rocky Horror does n't interest me anymore , but Dune still does .
When I saw the box for the Dune cards , I had to buy . They were being sold for one dollar a pack . Since it was an incomplete box with 29 out of 36 remaining I talked the vendor down to 20 dollars for the rest of the box . These are something that you do n't see anymore : Wax Packs . For those of you too young to know what that is , it 's a pack of cards packed with a wax paper wrapping ; for those of you that are old enough , these bring back memories and just holding them feels good in a nostalgic way .
So what did I get for 20 dollars ?
Each wax pack contained 10 cards each , along with a sticker and a stick of gum , another thing which is missing from the modern trading card expirence .
Unboxing and Unwrapping
So I unpacked the cards today . I felt that I had very good odds of getting a complete set of cards . There are 132 cards in the set , not counting the 44 stickers . I was getting 290 cards , I knew for sure that I 'd have a lot of doubles , but guess what ? There 's an executive sitting at a desk , in 1984 , laughing at me . I did n't get a full set after getting nearly an entire box . My hopes had been dashed .
Stickers !
The stickers that come with each pack are a strange bird . There is a yellow background with a still of a character . The choices are questionable at their best , and downright hilarious at their worst . The stickers I got featured more than a few Feyd Rautha , who was played by pop star Sting . I completely understand this , the stickers were there to draw in the kids to get the cards along with the gum , and Sting was in his post-Police solo artist heyday . Kids could get excited about that , kids could also get excited about the sandworm stickers , fremen stickers , sardukar stickers , and the Kyle MacLachlan Paul Attreides stickers , after all he was the hero of the movie . What I do n't see kids buying these cards getting excited are culled from the supporting cast . Do you really want a sticker of Shadout Mapes played by kid choice Linda Hunt . The stickers are a mixed bag , but on the back , there are hand drawn pictures of the characters that look like they 're from preproduction , so they 're not a complete waste of paper and glue .
Gum !
Trading cards stopped coming with free gum sometime in the late 80s or early 90s . It went away probably around the same time as the wax pack . I have 26 pieces of this gum in my possession . Only four of them survived their journey to 2009 in one piece . The years have made the gum brittle and dessicated and I had to try it . This is what happens when you put 25 year old gum in your mouth : it disappears , breaking down into ever smaller parts until it becomes a saliva sucking powder that makes you want to reach for a glass of water . ( Or green tea in my case , I love Arizona Diet Green Tea , it 's so good ) my two nephews came to visit while I was opening up the packs and grabbed before I could stop them . My oldest nephew asked me what kind of candy it was after eating it , so I told him it was vintage candy almost as old as their father and worth a lot of money to gum snobs . I still ca n't believe that he believed me . My brother is still laughing about it .
The one thing that I think Fleer missed the boat on for the gum was that it was standard gum . Spice Melange is always described as a cinnamon flavor , but you get the standard flavor bubble gum with the packs . Such a hugely missed opportunity .
The cards themselves
Have you seen the extended cut of the Lynch version of Dune ? If so , you 've seen these cards for the most part . There are four different types of cards : character cards , scene cards , two checklist cards , and terms and definitions cards .
The character cards feature a picture of one of the characters of the movie on it 's face , and the reverse has a short description on back . What 's weird about the character cards is that there are cards for characters that did not make the cut to the theatrical version of the movie . I 'd like to think that there were kids buying these cards after seeing the movie 25 years ago , scratching his head and wondering just what the heck is a water priest .
The scene cards feature a picture from almost every scene from the movie . Really not much to see if you have seen the movie , they have a picture along with the dialog from that particular scene or a short description if there is no corresponding lines to print .
Terms and definitions cards are there too . These span the course of two cards , and are filled front and back with essential terms to understand the movie . These are the same ones that were part of the legendary flier handed to movie goers during the initial run of the film .
Checklist cards are worth mentioning because they only list the cards and not the 44 additional stickers . This makes me wonder if there was not a separate checklist to go with the stickers , which I got many , many doubles of .
A few more things
The card stock seems to be much nicer than sports cards from the same era . My uncle collected football cards and I remember his cards coming on much cheaper paper . The cards were semi-glossy on the face with a dull back . The cut of the cards were not clean though . Upon taking the cards out of the wax paper I could see where the press had cut the cards and there were still some small amounts of paper left from the blade , but this is only noticeable upon very close inspection .
The distribution of the cards is really odd . I bought almost an entire box . It originally held 360 cards and 36 stickers . Since I got 29 packs , I should have gotten at least one full set , since the odds should be good that a box of such a small series of trading card should have between one and two full sets of cards . I had no illusions about the stickers though . I got more doubles than anything and my stack of cards , while not towering over the near complete set , is noticeably higher . I also got a bunch of doubles in the sticker department as well .
Along with the massive amount of doubles , I noticed that each pack had seemed to have the cards grouped together by number . If you opened a pack , you would notice that what you would get would be heavily based on the numbers .
Example : Opening a pack , you will notice that most of the card you just got are in the teens , another would mostly be in the 120s and so on . It 's an odd distribution system to say the least .
Overall
I do like the cards and while I do feel a bit cheated for not getting at least one complete set I ca n't argue too much about it . I got these cards fairly cheaply , and these cards were meant to be traded with other kids to get the complete set , so there is the element of disappointment , but I do understand why it 's set up that way . They 're slightly above average cards for their era and an artifact from a different era of movie promotion .
So , if I post a list of my missing cards , would anyone be willing to make a trade ?
[ tags ] Dune , Trading Cards , Fleer [ /tags ]
Police are still searching for another suspect after a 20-year-old man was shot by police while attempting to rob a plainclothes detective in Bedford-Stuyvesant on Sunday , authorities say.Police say three detectives were investigating a robbery . One was about to make an arrest , with the two others in a car with the victim.According to NYPD Chief of Detectives , several individuals approached the detective on the street and tried to rob him of his cell phone.As he pulled out the phone , the detective also pulled a gun and shot the suspect , Boyce said.Another teen was also arrested at the scene on Monroe Street . Police say they are searching for a man who they say is between 16 and 18 years old.The detective 's bullets hit the man in the right arm and torso . `` I heard a gunshot , like 'boom ' - 30 seconds after that , the captain was already here , '' said eyewitness Joaquin Vasquez.Cell phone video caught the moments right after the gunshot , as the suspect screamed about his wounds.Surveillance video from a nearby store shows him being rolled to an ambulance . The suspect is now in the hospital and is expected to survive.Chief of Brooklyn Detectives Patrick Conry says that at 6:40 p.m. , detectives were looking into a robbery that had been reported earlier in the day . One of the detectives was approached by three men who attempted to rob him at gunpoint.Police found a gun on the sidewalk next to the detective who opened fire . `` It appears to be a semi-automatic but we do n't know if it 's a real gun or a fake gun , that will be looked at by our laboratory , '' said Conry.It turned out to be nothing more than a BB gun . Police say the suspects have used the gun as part of a pattern of at least four robberies since September.The detectives were in the heighborhood investigating an apartment scam involving Craigslist when they encountered the suspects .
I 've had a ghost/demon experience . We were in Kansas City a few weeks ago and went to this haunted castle and were so excited . The next night we wanted to go to Stull Cemetery , which is known as one of the seven gates to hell on Earth .
I felt this sick , overwhelming feeling of negativity over the whole car and we smelled sulfur , which is the sign of a demon , and there was a fly in the car randomly , which is another sign of a demon . I was like , “ This is scary , let 's leave. ” I rolled down the window before we left and said , “ We apologize . We did n't mean to disrupt your peace. ” Then I took a picture and there are three super distinct faces in the picture -- they 're faces of textbook demons .
I was going to sleep about two weeks ago . I had just gotten off the phone and as soon as I closed my eyes I heard this really loud rumble right by my head . When I opened my eyes it stopped immediately , but when I closed my eyes it started again with whispers . Every time I closed my eyes I started seeing these really disturbing images with , like , red shapes . Then I opened my eyes and got back on the phone and was like , “ I 'm really scared and I do n't want to go to bed tonight. ” And then I scooched over to the left side of my bed , because that 's where the best service is in my room , and there was this massive black matter .
It was like a cloud of something black right next to me . I started crying . I was on the phone like , “ What do I do , what do I do ? ” and they said , “ Tell it to eff off. ” I thought , I 'm not going to do that . It 's going to upset it , so I 'm just going to chill and not feed into it because all it wants is fear . It feeds on fear . I watched it move to the front of my bed and then I fell asleep on the phone . I woke up and it was gone .
It was hard to get Romy and Oliver to do a track [ for In Colour ] and leave it for me because they really liked everything we made together , and then they wanted it for The xx . With the band , they 'll write a bass hook , then I 'll come in and we 'll work together as a threesome . But for the tracks for my album , I sent them my almost fully formed idea , and then I asked them to send me something and we 'd work together one-on-one . I wanted them to be honest about what 's going on in their lives , rather than being cryptic , which some of The xx songs are . And I also wanted it to be about nightlife .
I found it harder than I thought I would , actually , being out here on my own , doing the same stuff that we used to be able to share between the three of us . But it 's necessary for me to do this so that I can continue to be inspired by doing the band stuff as well .
Apart from not having any time off , it 's okay . It 's just like having one job , really . Everything falls into everything else . The style of my song `` The Rest Is Noise '' [ from In Colour ] has turned into one of my favorite songs from the new The xx album . We 've been a lot more open to not abiding by our set of rules about writing and music . It 's all still there , and it sounds like us , but there are bits where we 've pushed ourselves . The first album is sort of discovering ourselves . The second album is like a comedown from that . The third one knows ourselves .
I 've never enjoyed filming music videos , but the `` Loud Places '' one for In Colour was actually a really enjoyable day . One of my and Romy 's old best friends who we used to skate with and somebody else who is now a friend filmed it . It really felt like when we just used to go out in the city and skate . From the age of 14 to 18 , skating was about being able to take the city over on the weekends . In the week it felt like it was definitely the grown-ups ' place , but then at the weekend was just our playground . I know every tiny backstreet in London now , which I love . Skating and clubbing , both of them kind of make you feel free .
I do n't think dance music is important in the big scheme of things to a lot of people . But it 's important to me because it just makes me happy . There 's not that many things that make me happy . I mean , that 's why it 's important to a lot of people . It can be something that you listen to on your own if you want , but really it 's something designed to make people happy , even if it 's a sad song . The act of dancing is a happy thing to do .
Bellator MMA announced Wednesday that it will make its second visit to the tracks when the promotion hosts an event at the Earhart Campground by the Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol , Tenn. , on Aug. 19 .
The upcoming show is part of a recent arrangement between Bellator and Monster Energy to attach a series of four-fight cards to high-profile stock car events . In this case , the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race . Fans can watch the fights free of charge prior to the races .
In May , the first Monster Energy Bellator MMA Fight Series show took place at the Charlotte Motor Speedway .
For the second event , MMA stars Dan Henderson and Phil Davis will be in attendance as special guests at a meet-and-greet the day before the fights .
In the headlining bout , undefeated welterweight Willis Ben Sergent battles 13-fight veteran Brandon Bell .
See the four-fight card below :
Willis Ben Sergent vs. Brandon Bell
Nick Gehrts vs. Ken Beverly
Damir Ferhatbegovic vs. Jonathan Pearce
Ahva Mayi vs. Preston Schick *
* amateur bout
Bioinformatics has been defined in many different ways , but it is common ground to regard this discipline as the application of mathematics , computing and statistics to the analysis of biological information . The objective of bioinformatics is to enable the finding of new biological insights , and to create a broader , more critical view from which unifying principles in biology can be perceived .
Bioinformatics is very important in the field of human genome research . It has become crucial for large-scale measurement technologies such as DNA sequencing , microarrays , and metabolomics . The field of bioinformatics has been aided significantly by Linux-based hardware and software . There are a number of Linux distributions which offer an integrated bioinformatics workstation . The popular distribution Bio-Linux packages hundreds of bioinformatics programs spanning a number of different fields .
There is a wide selection of Linux bioinformatics tools that is released under an open source license . This article identifies our favourite tools which are extremely useful for anyone interested in sequence analysis , molecular modelling , molecular dynamics , phylogenetic analysis and more . We hope this feature offers a useful resource for biologists .
So , let 's explore the 7 bioinformatics tools at hand . For each application we have compiled its own portal page , providing a screenshot of the software in action , a full description with an in-depth analysis of its features , together with links to relevant resources and reviews .
Bioinformatics Tools Bioconductor Tools for the analysis and comprehension of high-throughput genomic data BioPerl Perl tools for computational molecular biology EMBOSS The European Molecular Biology Open Software Suite Bioclipse Rich-client platform chemistry and biology workbench Taverna Workbench For designing and executing bioinformatics workflows BioJava Provides Java tools for processing biological data UGENE Set of integrated bioinformatics software
Return to our complete collection of Group Tests , identifying the finest free and open source Linux software .
Related
I was up scouting the Columbia University campus last week…
…and in the spirit of Halloween , I decided to swing by the building nestled just beside Low Library .
If you take a moment to stare at it , you 'll realize this little brick building does n't really match the surrounding Beaux Arts architecture .
In fact , the longer you look at it , the more you 'll realize just how out of place this three-story brick building looks compared to its surroundings .
This makes sense , of course , because the building dates to a time when Columbia University was located over 50 blocks south…
…and in its place was the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum :
Opened in 1821 , the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum ( or Bloomingdale Lunatic Asylum ) was built on an enormous 38-acre parcel of farmland in what was then known as Bloomingdale , from the Dutch “ bloomendaal , ” or “ vale of flowers. ” The first mental hospital in the state , it offered patients a lush , manicured campus complete with gardens and paths , groves of trees , playgrounds and greenhouses , and views of the Hudson and Harlem River .
In fact , the original hospital building , made of brownstone and able to accommodate 200 patients…
…stood exactly where Columbia 's Low Library is today :
You can find the Asylum ominously identified on most 19th-century maps , stretching from 120th Street to about 112th Street or so .
In 1840 , a new insane asylum for the indigent was opened on Roosevelt Island , and soon after , Bloomingdale began catering primarily to the wealthy and elite of society . The campus continued expanding through the decades , including the addition of wings to the original hospital building ( compare the entrance below to the pictures above ) :
However , with city development rapidly moving north , the hospital 's governors knew their Manhattan oasis was n't long for this world . Land was purchased in White Plains for relocation , and the majority of the property was sold to Columbia University in 1892 for $ 2,000,000 .
Today , just one building remains from the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum : Buell Hall , formerly known as the Macy Villa .
Here 's a picture from 1897 showing both the original asylum grounds and Columbia 's encroaching construction . You can see the Macy Villa on the far right :
The same view today :
Built in 1885 , Macy Villa was the final building to be constructed at the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum . It was intended for the wealthiest male patients so that they could live in a residential setting , away from the noise and discomforts of the main hospital wards . It originally featured a wooden porch…
…but is otherwise virtually unchanged today :
The building was originally intended to be torn down once construction was completed but somehow managed to survive . It was moved back from 116th Street to its current position and has remained there ever since :
The Macy Villa is one of my absolute favorite buildings in New York . There is just something so surreal about touching its bricks and having that physical connection to a time when its surroundings would have been totally unrecognizable , a sprawling insane asylum located on a vast expanse of verdant land .
A time when the professors and students passing you by on the walks would have instead been doctors and nurses , patients and their families .
And here would have lived the wealthiest and most elite of those patients , those who found that their great success in life ultimately fell second to the power of their own minds .
The interior retains little of the original building , as it has been altered numerous times over the years to accommodate a myriad of Columbia groups and departments .
Finding information about the conditions at Bloomingdale is difficult . The hospital certainly offered the most advanced care of its day , but it 's frightening to think what that might have been . I came across one report of a doctor who had his wife committed to Bloomingdale after she complained about his frequenting brothels ( she was only released after agreeing not to bring it up ) .
I do n't believe in ghosts , but if there 's one building at Columbia I 've always thought should be haunted , it 's Buell .
There are a few other connections to the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum worth mentioning . Back in the day , one would take Asylum Lane off of Broadway ( then known as Bloomingdale Road ) to approach the hospital . As development spread north , the road was eventually lost under new construction ( you can see it at the bottom of the map ) :
However , according to Andrew Dolkart in his book , Morningside Heights , remnants of Asylum Road can still be found in the strange angles of nearby buildings . Note the odd slants of the below properties…
…and you 'll see that a road could perfectly fit through . This would have been Asylum Road .
To anyone who 's ever eaten at the great Mexican restaurant The Heights , now you know why the interior has such a strange triangular shape :
A picture of the road leading up to the asylum :
Two other asylum buildings almost survived demolition . Located near 116th Street and Broadway was the Superintendent 's House :
Sadly , this was demolished in 1922 and replaced with Dodge Hall :
The other was a hospital building just west of Low Library , in use for only a short time before demolition .
Finally , probably the most mysterious remnant from the asylum is Columbia 's sprawling underground tunnel system connecting every building on campus , the oldest of which date back to the Bloomingdale days . They 're off-limits to students , and the old asylum tunnels in particular are reported to be very small , VERY hot , and extremely dangerous ( of course , that does n't stop the tunnelers – check out this video for a quick trip into the bowels of Columbia ) .
It 's nothing short of a miracle that such a well-preserved building from the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum still exists . While visitors might overlook it for the more palatial Low Library , or the austere Butler Hall , I always take a moment to stare at Buell and try to think of it as it once was .
Then I get the strange feeling that someone 's watching me from one of those third floor windows and move on . Because you never know…
-SCOUT
If you enjoyed reading this post , would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie ? The goal is $ 50,000 , and to date , 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $ 36,348 ! Just $ 5 or $ 10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift ! Click here to donate today !
And hey , if you 've made it this far , why not follow us via RSS , Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , or Tumblr ?
A Methodist pastor in Seattle is defying his church hierarchy and pledging to continue to officiate at same sex weddings even after another pastor was punished for doing the same thing earlier this week .
On Monday , 13 Methodist pastors found Rev . Frank Schaefer of the Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in Lebanon , Pennsylvania guilty of “ conducting a ceremony that celebrates same-sex unions ” and “ disobedience to order and discipline of the Methodist Church ” for participating in his son 's gay wedding .
Schaefer was suspended for 30 days and will have his credentials revoked if he does not agree with the church 's stand on marriage by the end of his suspension .
“ The United Methodist Church is wrong , stupid , and evil on its stand on homosexuality , ” Methodist Pastor Sandy Brown , who performs same-sex marriages at the oldest church in Seattle , told KOMO on Tuesday . “ Everybody deserves to be a recipient of the ministry of the church . ”
In an interview with KIRO , Brown explained that the “ most important thing is same-sex couples are being ministered to . That 's much more important than an individual 's ordination . ”
So , Brown says that the upcoming same sex ceremonies at his church will go forward as planned .
“ Many clergy , just like me , have decided to take that risk anyway in favor of ministering to the people in our church , ” he insisted .
Watch this video from KOMO , broadcast Nov. 19 , 2013 .
What is the main lesson learned in the Murdoch scandal ?
That corporate conglomerate power run unregulated causes great public harm and lacks the checks and balances required for there to be any accountability . Given this , what would be the best way to investigate the criminal wrongdoings of such a conglomerate ?
News Corp would have you believe that the answer to that question is : have the guilty and obscuring conglomerate examine itself and then report to the rest of the world the level of information it chooses to publish .
Let me be blunt : this is the definition of insanity .
Former New York City school Chancellor Joel Klein , now News Corp 's executive vice president , has been tapped to lead the investigation of the company that pays him $ 4.5m a year and gives him stock awards . What could potentially be a conflict of interest around that ?
And who does Klein report to ? Viet Dinh . Viet Dinh 's prior work experience ? Authoring the USA Patriot Act , a law that greatly increased the government 's use of wiretapping and other forms of eavesdropping on citizens .
We also have already seen how such internal News Corps investigations turn out . There is the precedent of Les Hinton 's prior internal investigation , which revealed no phone hacking beyond the `` bad apple '' who had already gone to prison . Eventually , that failed investigation caught up with Hinton , who resigned from his post as chief executive of Dow Jones , publisher of the Murdoch-owned Wall Street Journal . But this example further highlights the point : there is no incentive for a senior executive to do anything other than minimise the issue they are investigating .
This act of News Corp supposedly investigating itself is a clear and raging sign of why consolidated power can not be left in complete and unchecked control – particularly of their own investigation . As my 2004 documentary Outfoxed highlighted , in examining the unethical behaviour of Fox News , the News Corp problem of distorting the truth has long existed . As a company , News Corp , with Fox often leading the way , has led an imaginary war in which it sees itself as `` against the world '' . Nothing from its corporate practices suggests that a self-investigation would reveal actual information .
This is not how things have to be . News Corp could follow the lead from dozens of prior companies and hire outside legal counsel to oversee the investigation . What News Corp is doing , once more , goes beyond standard practice and refuses to cede any control , presumably fearing that it might stop it from doing whatever it is it wants to do . Charles M Elson , an expert on corporate governance at the University of Delaware , was recently quoted in The New York Times on this matter , saying clearly , `` You can not be seen as objective if you are inside . ''
Let me summarise what has been learned by this whole parade of corruption . Corporate conglomerates run without regulation do not work in the service of society , and run reckless and unchecked whenever possible . Self-investigation of such malfeisance is not the standard , and should not be the situation in this case . This whole phone hacking story has been nothing but an absurd example of how power run unchecked responds by claiming more power when attempted to be reined in .
News Corp should not be allowed to continue this charade of a self-investigation . Meanwhile , the United States Senate and the department of justice should use all the power they have to push for a complete and thorough investigation into News Corp 's US dealings . We all deserve real answers to how much criminal activity occurred , and where the related responsibility and accountability failed .
Those answers will never come from News Corp itself .
• Comments on this article are set to remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
This impressive-looking piece of equipment lives up to its appearance . The Plasma Kristall-4 , to give the device its full name , recreates how atoms interact so we can understand the intricacies of basic physics and chemistry in space .
The machine , a joint venture between the European Space Agency and Roscosmos , creates a stew of microparticles—a surrogate for atoms—which are held in a charged plasma ( which is just a gas made of ions and electrons ) . By imposing electrical charges , astronauts can make the microparticles interact with each other . The ESA explains why that 's useful :
On Earth the particles are influenced by gravity but in space the particles will behave similarly to charged atoms in a fluid or crystal structure allowing researchers to understand better the hidden interactions of our world .
Advertisement
The Tron-like glow is a result of argon plasma in the PK-4 hardware , which provides the bright purple hue . The device is aboard the ISS , where it runs for up to four days , four times a year .
[ ESA ]
President Trump 's performance at a press conference today about the horrible events in Charlottesville over the weekend is n't getting rave reviews . Not even at normally Trump-friendly Fox News .
WATCH : Fox News host blasts Trump 's Charlottesville comments as `` one of the biggest messes I 've ever seen '' https : //t.co/XvLjEO9s9C pic.twitter.com/tNVLB4D1WW — The Hill ( @ thehill ) August 15 , 2017
Fox News 's Kat Timpf slammed President Trump on Tuesday for his “ disgusting ” press conference in which he again blamed “ both sides ” for the violence that occurred in Charlottesville , Va. over the weekend , stepping back from his direct condemnation of white supremacist groups a day earlier . “ It was one of the biggest messes I 've ever seen . I ca n't believe it happened , ” said Timpf , a co-host of “ The Fox News Specialists. ” “ It is honestly crazy for me to have to comment on this right now because I 'm still in the phase where I am wondering if it was actually real life — what I just watched . ”
Timpf pointed out the obvious ( to everyone but Trump ) fact that denouncing a group of white supremacist Nazis should n't be something that needs to be nuanced .
The Specialists co-host also went after Trump for saying that some protestors within the self-described pro-white crowd were not bad people , reasoning that some were there to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee . “ It should n't be some kind of bold statement to say , ‘ Yes , a gathering full of white supremacist Nazis does n't have good people in it . ' Those are all bad people , period . And the fact that that is controversial , makes me — I do n't know if I should laugh or — I have too much eye makeup on to start crying right now . It is disgusting , ” Timpf said .
Fox News host @ KatTimpf absolutely goes off on Trump 's “ disgusting ” presser : “ I 'm wondering if it 's actually real life what I just watched. ” pic.twitter.com/BS0xFwxk3o — Andrew Kirell ( @ AndrewKirell ) August 15 , 2017
My RedState colleague Andrea Ruth reported on the President 's press conference at Trump Tower earlier today . To sum it up , it did n't go well . The President really has great difficulty with choosing the appropriate time to discuss certain things .
Never one to not be divisive , the president reiterated his comments from last week by pointing out the violence in Charlottesville was coming from both sides , between white supremacist rally-goers and those protesting it .
Some of the left wing counterprotesters are known to be bad actors but when a neo-Nazi protest results in the violent murder of a counterprotester , it is not the time to split blame evenly between the two parties .
SINGAPORE - Asia 's population is ageing faster than anywhere in the world , a study said Thursday , warning the swelling ranks of the elderly will cost the region $ 20 trillion in healthcare by 2030 .
Two elderly women chat on a sidewalk in Beijing
Health systems , businesses and families across Asia-Pacific will come under huge pressure as some 200 million people pass the age of 65 by then , according to the Singapore-based Asia Pacific Risk Center .
Yearly spending on caring for the elderly is expected to reach $ 2.5 billion -- five times the cost in 2015 -- the study said .
`` The Asia-Pacific region is ageing at a faster rate than any other region in the world , '' said APRC executive director Wolfram Hedrich .
Surging growth in Asia over the past few decades prompted an baby boom in many Asia-Pacific countries , creating a large and cheap labour force that in turn boosted productivity and incomes .
But that trend is now reversing as the baby-boomers age , leaving the young to look after them -- either by staying at home or paying for their care .
`` Many Asia-Pacific countries are transiting from a period when they reaped a 'demographic dividend ' to one where they face the prospect of paying a 'demographic tax ' , '' the study said .
By 2030 , there will be 511 million elderly people in the region , out of 3.8 billion , according to the study .
Japan will become the first `` ultra-aged '' country , with elderly people accounting for 28 percent of its population , while a fifth of people in Hong Kong , South Korea and Taiwan will be 65 .
The APRC warned governments would need to invest heavily to care for their ageing populations , warning current levels are `` unsustainable '' as medical costs are growing faster than the economy in many countries .
Asia 's ageing rate is `` an unprecedented challenge , '' said the study , which covered 14 Asia-Pacific markets .
`` The problem is big , it 's very urgent , '' said Hedrich , adding that finding solutions will be complex .
`` What we want to achieve with this report is to act as a broad call of action for governments , individuals , insurers , healthcare professionals and organisations to start acting now . ''
What are GMOs ?
GMO stands for genetically modified organisms . They are organisms whose genetic material has been artificially modified in order to give it a new property . For example this could be to make it easier for a plant to resist a disease , insects or drought or to increase crop productivity .
Which are the main crops involved ?
Maize , cotton , soybean , oilseed rape , sugar beet .
Are GMOs allowed in the EU ?
GMOs can only be cultivated or sold for consumption in the EU after they have been authorised at the EU level . This process includes a scientific risk assessment .
Only one GMO has been approved for cultivation in the EU so far . Maize MON 810 was authorised for cultivation in 1998 , but this authorisation has now expired and is waiting for renewal . In 2013 it was mostly cultivated in Spain and on a small scale in Portugal , the Czech Republic , Romania and Slovakia .
In the same year eight countries banned the cultivation of GMOs on their territory : Germany , Austria , Bulgaria , Luxembourg , Poland , Hungary , Greece and Italy . It is possible that other countries could follow suit .
Currently there are eight applications for approval pending , including the renewal of maize MON 810 .
So far 58 GMOs have been authorised for consumption in food and feed in the EU . They include maize , cotton , soybean , oilseed rape and sugar beet and another 58 are waiting for approval .
In 2013 , the EU needed 36 million tonnes of equivalent soybean to feed its livestock ; 1.4 out of it was non-GMOs and produced in the EU . The EU is therefore dependent on imports to feed its livestock .
Are people in the EU already consuming GMOs ?
Most of the GMOs authorised in the EU are used to feed farm animals , but some imported food might also contain them .
The EU food labelling system obliges companies to indicate if the food or feed they produce contains GMOs . This applies when GMOs account for at least 0.9 % of the food or the feed .
Companies also have the option to indicate on a label that their product does not contain GMOs .
Who is responsible for approving GMOs in the EU ?
It depends on if we are talking about cultivating GMOs or about including them in food products .
When it comes to cultivation , the authorisation is given at EU level , but member states have the last word . Since April 2015 , countries can decide to ban the cultivation on their territory at any time during the authorisation procedure or even after authorisation has been granted . Countries can justify the ban for a variety of reasons and not , as was the case before , exclusively on the grounds of health or environment risks .
However , for commercialisation , EU countries still have to abide by the decision at EU level .
What is in the new proposal concerning GMOs ?
The European Commission is proposing to give member states the power to ban the commercialisation of GMOs on their territory , even if they have already been approved at EU level . However , MEPs voted against it on 28 October .
Why did the Parliament vote against plans to give countries more powers to ban GMOs ?
MEPs rejected the proposal on 28 October , because they fear it could prove unworkable and lead to border controls between countries that disagree on GMOs , which would affect the internal market .
What will happen now that MEPs have rejected national bans on commercialisation ?
Member states have to decide whether to continue negotiations to allow national bans on commercialisation or to let current rules remain in effect . If there is no majority for either option , then the decision has to be taken by the Commission .
For more information , check out the press release .
Former Dodgers greats Steve Garvey and Orel Hershiser are forming an exploratory ownership group in case their former team goes up for sale .
In the wake of financial struggles that have left the team in limbo , Garvey approached Hershiser and the two launched the Garvey-Hershiser Group .
`` We 've always talked and communicated through the years , '' Hershiser , an ESPN analyst , told the Los Angeles Daily News . `` He was a little more of a role model for me , the way he did things . I was like , 'That 's what I want to do . ' He 's been a good businessman .
Orel Hershiser spent all but five of his 18 seasons with the Dodgers . `` If there would be an opportunity there , I would be interested to look at it , '' he said . Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
`` When he called and said he wanted me to be part of this group , I said , 'Garv , I 'd always be interested in helping and doing something like this that would be a lot of fun . ' We 're forming a group that 's investigating situations as they arise . That would be very interesting for me . ''
Hershiser met with Garvey and other possible investors in Los Angeles on Friday , according to the Daily News .
Hershiser , who lives in Las Vegas , was asked by the newspaper about the group 's plans to buy the Dodgers .
`` The Dodgers are not for sale , '' Hershiser replied .
Not for now , at least .
Owner Frank McCourt was able to meet the team 's payroll last week with cash advances drawn on the team 's corporate sponsorship deals , three sources told ESPN The Magazine 's Molly Knight .
But McCourt was still searching for funding to make the team 's next payroll on June 15 , sources said .
Should the beleaguered owner fail to make payroll , Major League Baseball would cover it for him and likely seize the team formally .
The league appointed a trustee to oversee the Dodgers ' finances in April amid McCourt 's ongoing divorce proceedings .
`` It would be tremendous synergy , '' Hershiser said , according to the Daily News . `` It would pique my interest to the highest level . It 's never been a verbal goal or outspoken goal of mine . But you 'd dream of this kind of once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . I 've kept my distance from the organization . They 've been very kind to me and getting me tickets for people when I 'm broadcasting there . They 've been kind and tried to include me in different things .
`` It 's not something I 've thought about pursuing because the Dodgers are owned and operated by other people . They 've been doing it their way , and unfortunately it 's gone the direction it has for the McCourts and the city . If there would be an opportunity there , I would be interested to look at it . ''
Garvey told the newspaper he had heard Hershiser talking about his playing days with the Dodgers on the radio when the idea struck him to approach Hershiser about forming the group .
Teens ' marijuana use continues to be a serious concern for parents . And now , with the legalization of cannabis for adults in Colorado and Washington in 2012 , media attention has intensified the fear factor , especially since Oregon and Alaska passed legalization measures in November .
Surprisingly , the most recent Monitoring the Future study released by the University of Michigan shows that parents have less to worry about as teenage use of marijuana has declined . Marie Veksler of Whaxy writes that until the 2014 survey , there had been a five year pattern of increase in teen cannabis use , but in the last year teens reported a 2 % decrease . The lead investigator in the study , Lloyd Johnston , reported that the study showed :
“ Personal disapproval of use is down some in 8th and 12th grades . Reported availability , on the other hand , is down significantly since 2013 in the two lower grades ( and unchanged in 12th grade ) , which may help to explain the modest decline in use this year . ”
This could mean that the regulation component of the legalization efforts may be making a difference . The reported number of daily users of marijuana has also decreased slightly . In 2013 , 6.5 % of high school seniors admitted to using daily . In 2014 , 5.8 % of seniors said they were daily users . A decline in alcohol and cigarette use also occurred among the sample participants .
The University of Michigan conducts the Monitoring The Future survey from a sample size of 40,000 to 50,000 students in the 8th , 10th , and 12th grades from at least 40 different secondary schools throughout the United States . This is the 40th year for the study .
Medical marijuana is now legal in 23 states and recreational use is legal in four states and the District of Columbia . That means that since marijuana has heretofore been illegal , research on its health effects has been sparse , especially in regard to how pot affects developing teenage brains .
KUNC Public Radio in Northern Colorado , in a piece by Maanvi Singh , reports that pediatricians say prescribing marijuana to children is not a good idea until further research has been done , except in chronic or debilitating circumstances .
Pediatric groups have also encouraged the decriminalization of marijuana use , but are not behind the legalization movement , according to a policy paper released this week by the American Academy of Pediatrics . The reason for this is that hundreds of thousands of adolescents and teens have been arrested for possessing marijuana , the majority of whom , says Dr. Seth Ammerman , a pediatrician at Stanford University who wrote the policy paper , are minority youths . In other words , marijuana use is a public health issue rather than a criminal justice issue and should be treated in that manner .
But keeping pot away from children can be a difficult task .
“ People make arguments that say , ‘ Oh , this is safer than alcohol , it 's safer than tobacco , it 's safer than heroin , ' ” Dr. Leslie Walker , chief of the adolescent medicine division at Seattle Children 's Hospital says . And all that may be true , she says . “ But marijuana on its own is harmful for adolescents . ”
The research done so far suggests that teens should not be using marijuana recreationally because of their developing brains , and because they are more easily addicted than adults . Marijuana use by anyone under the age of 21 is still illegal . The deterrents for teen usage are that alcohol and marijuana are usually too expensive for most teens to use habitually ; for parents not to use marijuana in front of their kids ; and controlling the extent to which companies can advertise marijuana products , especially edible products .
A new study published in the Journal of Neuroscience entitled “ Daily Marijuana Use Is Not Associated with Brain Morphometric Measures in Adolescents or Adults , ” suggests that alcohol use , not marijuana , was responsible for previous studies finding brain changes , reports Ray Stern of the Phoenix New Times . A published abstract explains that researchers could not replicate recent research that showed that cannabis “ is associated with volumetric and shape differences in subcortical structures . ”
Barbara Weiland of the Psychology and Neuroscience department at the University of Colorado , Boulder , and Brendan Depue of the University of Louisville in Kentucky compared MRI scan reports of 29 adult and 50 adolescent daily marijuana users with the same number of non-users . The team found a lack of differences between the two groups ' brain activity that was unexpected .
Dr. Frances Jensen , professor and chair of the Department of Neurology at the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine , explains that she wrote The Teenage Brain to explain and explore how the brain grows . Particularly , Dr. Jensen wanted to delve into why teenagers can be so impulsive , moody , and have poor decision-making faculties .
“ We have a natural insulation … called myelin , ” she says . “ It 's a fat , and it takes time . Cells have to build myelin , and they grow it around the outside of these tracks , and that takes years . ”
WMRA-NPR reports that Jensen says brains are not fully mature until the early 20s , and sometimes later than that . This research also highlights why teens can be so susceptible to addictions , like alcohol , drugs , smoking , and digital devices , and why they can become addicted so rapidly . Unfortunately , the effects on adolescent brains are also more permanent . For example , it can become more difficult to “ lay down new memories ” when a teen has become addicted to cannabis . Not only that , but in the short term , teenagers who binge drink on the weekends , could suffer effects on into Thursday or Friday of the school week .
Usually , when it comes up in the Brexit debate , freedom of movement relates to the passage of human beings . Usually , but not always .
Britain 's decision to leave the EU also threatens the free movement of horses , potentially dealing a blow to the racing community in the UK and Ireland , industry experts and an MEP have said .
Brexiters face rude awakening on immigration , says ex-minister Read more
A tripartite agreement between the UK , France and the Republic of Ireland allows thoroughbred horses to travel freely between those countries for races . Under an EU directive , the horses need only to have an EU passport and be on a livestock database . They do not require a veterinary export health certification or customs documentation .
Such are the concerns about the future of the arrangement that “ Brexit 's potential impact on the horse industry ” will be the lead subject for discussion at the National Equine Forum in London in March .
The UK has signalled its intention to leave both the single market and the customs union , although Theresa May has expressed a desire for “ frictionless borders ” .
Lucy Greayer , a shipping agent , said the racing industry was in the dark over the future . “ The current agreement between Ireland , the UK and France means that horses can move around freely without health documentation or anything like that . But if you go further afield , to Germany or Italy , you have to have a certificate from a vet saying they have seen the animal in the last 48 hours and it is fit to travel .
“ We do n't know what is going to happen . I have horses going to St Moritz in Switzerland . We are having to get a carnet [ a document to clear customs ] . And that costs a lot of money , hundreds of pounds . It 's perfectly possible that there could be more restrictions going to France . We have more horses going to France than horses coming the other way , ” she said .
“ We just do n't know what is going to happen when Brexit comes into effect . Maybe every time John Gosden or Sir Michael Stoute want to send a horse to France they have to get them a carnet . It costs money and it takes time because you have to go to the chamber of commerce to get it . ”
Brexit white paper spells out need for new immigration laws Read more
Mairead McGuinness , an MEP for the Midlands–North-West constituency in Ireland , said she was concerned about the potential blow to the industry , which is worth €1.3bn a year to the Republic . “ Uncertainty about so many issues around Brexit extends to the movement of live animals – domestic pets , farm animals and of course , horses . The EU facilitates the movement of horses between member states , ” she said .
“ What will happen when the UK leaves the EU is totally uncertain . How the important business between Ireland and the UK will be impacted is unknown , but there will be consequences and thoroughbred breeders are aware of the threat .
“ This is adding to uncertainty in the sector as it tries to navigate the unknown . Border controls , disease controls etc are possible outcomes , disrupting the normal movement of horses for racing and breeding between Ireland and the UK . Currency fluctuations are an immediate risk but the real concern is that the situation as it operates today will remain in place – but can it ? ”
McGuinness added : “ If Brexit means borders – what then ? And if the UK moves away from the EU regulatory regime on diseases controls , animal welfare and animal transport , this too could have negative consequences . I am not sure if anyone is betting on the outcome . ”
Will Lambe , director of corporate affairs at the British Horseracing Authority , said he had made representations to the government that they need to protect the industry during the coming negotiations .
“ The tripartite agreement pre-dates the formation of the European Union and there is no reason it should not remain in place following Brexit , ” he said . “ As we have emphasised to the UK government , the continuation of the free movement of horses between the UK and Ireland is vital to both countries ' racing and breeding industries , which have a significant economic impact and generate considerable international trade . ”
I work out at a gym that has a wide variety of grip conditions - from factory-fresh grips that will happily lacerate your palms down to the bone , to grips older than humanity itself which are so smooth and worn not even Spider-Man would be able to get a good grip . I had used palm-style lifting aids before , but found that they failed to provide adequate grip on the smooth bars and got torn to shreds on the new bars . Also , I found that those aids would squeeze my wrists mightily - which adversely affected my grip strength - which lead to more weight on my wrists - which caused more squeezing , etc .
These straps avoid all of those issues . Very comfortable around the wrists , no circulation-compromising squeezing , very durable & resilient , and excellently grippy . They also are surprisingly comfortable even when drenched in sweat . The padding provided for the back of your wrists seems like it would accomplish nothing , but is actually quite effective . The only downside I can think of , and I had to think very hard , is that the setup takes a bit longer than palm-style aids . If you are very clumsy , it will be difficult to wrap the straps around the weight with only 1 hand ( instructions are provided and are adequate ) whereas palm-style aids are simply grab-and-go . Also , if chalk is used at your gym , I find that it slightly compromises the gripping ability of these straps . Chalk will no way prevent you from working out - just remember to wash your straps afterwards and maybe consider wiping down chalky bars before you use them .
MarketWatch wanted to find out what you actually get when you ask for investing tips from a so-called robo adviser .
We rounded up recommendations from four prominent robo advisers and four human ones for a hypothetical 35-year-old investor .
Read on for a detailed look at each of the suggested portfolios and how they differed . They might all be more similar than you expected .
You can also take our quiz to see if you can tell whether a portfolio comes from a robo adviser or a mere mortal .
A note about our fictional , but perhaps typical , 35-year-old : Our investor is basically average in terms of tolerance for risk , financial knowledge and money saved . This individual is investing for retirement and has $ 40,000 for that purpose . ( Fidelity suggests that is about average for this age , and EBRI 's figures are near that level as well . ) Maybe the money was in a 401 ( k ) from an old job , and it is now getting rolled over into an IRA .
The 35-year-old has an annual income of $ 46,000 , since that is about average for his or her age group , according to the Labor Department , as well as $ 4,000 in a savings account — roughly typical as well , according to the Fed . One rule of thumb is that by age 35 you should have an amount saved for retirement that is equal to your annual pay , so our test case is somewhat behind and possibly part of a nationwide retirement crisis , but that is another story .
See : Chuck Jaffe on the battle between human advisers and their ‘ robo ' rivals
And : Philip Van Doorn on how a robot really can offer sound advice
( CN ) – Journalism advocacy groups on Friday filed an ethics complaint against Greg Gianforte , a Republican who reportedly body-slammed a reporter the night before winning a U.S. House special election in Montana .
Press groups PEN America , the Society for Professional Journalists , Free Press and Reporters Without Borders lodged a formal complaint with the Office of Congressional Ethics over Gianforte 's alleged assault of Ben Jacobs , a reporter with The Guardian .
Montana 's special election was required because Ryan Zinke , R-Mont. , had resigned his U.S. House seat in March to become President Donald Trump 's Interior Secretary . The night before the election , Gianforte reportedly attacked Jacobs when the reporter attempted to ask Gianforte a question about Trump 's health care plan .
Jacobs recorded the incident and immediately contacted police . Gianforte was charged with misdemeanor assault that night , but went on to win the May 25 election . He has until June 6 to appear on the misdemeanor assault charges in Bozeman municipal court .
Gianforte faces a maximum of 6 months in jail and a $ 500 fine if convicted . The Gallatin county attorney is also reviewing the case to see if additional charges are merited .
The press groups filed their complaint with the Office of Congressional Ethics , an independent agency within Congress . The office handles ethics complaints from the public and may refer them to a House Committee on Ethics for investigation .
The press freedom groups also wrote to the House Ethics Committee regarding its obligation to open an investigation within 30 days of any House member being charged with a crime , or to file a report to the full House explaining why it has not done so .
Trump also received a letter from the press groups , expressing concern that the White House 's denigration of the media is inciting physical violence against reporters .
Soon after Gianforte was charged with assault , his campaign released a statement saying Jacobs was to blame for the altercation . That claim was contradicted by witness reports and Jacobs ' recording .
Gianforte did not respond to requests for statements the night of the alleged assault , but released an apology after the election results showed him the obvious winner .
“ Tonight we won a victory for all Montanans , ” Gianforte said in his statement . “ Tonight Montanans sent a wakeup call to the Washington D.C. establishment . Montanans said Bernie Sanders and Nancy Pelosi ca n't call the shots in Montana . Montanans said we need to drain the swamp .
“ And we have a lot of work to do . Hard work is the way we get things done and sometimes hard work is born out of hard lessons .
“ Last night I learned a lesson . When you make a mistake , you have to own up to it . That 's the Montana way . Last night I did make a mistake . I took an action that I can not take back . I am not proud of what happened . I should not have responded the way that I did . And for that I am sorry . I should not have treated the reporter that way . I am sorry Mr. Ben Jacobs… I want to apologize to the FOX News team , and I am sorry to each of you for my actions .
“ That is not the person I am or the leader I will be for Montana . ”
Within a day of the alleged assault , emails soliciting contributions to pay down campaign debt were sent out from the Gianforte campaign office .
Campaign spokesman Shane Scanlon said the assault occurred when Gianforte was in a private office preparing for an interview with Fox News when Jacobs came in without permission .
According to Jacobs ' recording of the interview , which was posted on The Guardian 's website , Gianforte can be heard yelling at Jacobs , followed by crashing sounds . Jacobs can be heard saying his glasses were broken and he wanted to call the police .
“ I 'm sick and tired of you guys , ” a voice identified as Gianforte 's says in the recording . “ The last guy who came in here you did the same thing . Get the hell out of here . Get the hell out of here . ”
The press groups said this type of incident is becoming too common in American political coverage .
“ It is now clear that the steady stream of criticism of the press from the president and members of his administration – including the president 's notorious claim that they are the ‘ enemy of the people ' – is emboldening attacks on reporters and the important work they do , ” Suzanne Nossel , executive director of PEN America , said . “ The Trump administration 's constant demonization of the media is having a dangerous trickle-down effect . It 's time for the president to be presidential , and defend our free press . If he refuses to speak out , President Trump is complicit in political violence . ”
According to the press groups , the Gianforte assault is one of several acts of physical aggression against news media in the last month . On May 9 in West Virginia , a reporter was arrested for asking Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price a question , and on May 18 in Washington , security guards pinned a reporter for CQ Roll Call against a wall and ejected him under threat of force when he asked a Federal Communications Commission commissioner a question , according to PEN America .
“ It is appalling that the hostile anti-press rhetoric being used at various levels of the U.S. government has now escalated to physical violence against a journalist who simply asked a question , ” Margaux Ewen of Reporters Without Borders said . “ This new level of violence is completely unacceptable in a country founded on democratic values like a free and independent press . ”
Gianforte defeated Democrat Rob Quist 190,502 to 169,203 . Libertarian Mark Wicks received 21,683 votes . Gianforte had held a slim , double-digit lead going into election day , and that margin was trimmed even further after the attack – giving Democrats a glimmer of hope of regaining the Montana House seat , which a Democrat has not held since 1991 .
A wealthy businessman from New Jersey , Gianforte ran for Montana 's only House seat against Quist , a singer/songwriter making his first entrance into politics .
Gianforte had lost the Montana gubernatorial election in November to Democrat Steve Bullock . Gianforte will face another election test in 18 months , in the primary election for his House seat .
Like this : Like Loading ...
A U.S. Army Apache flies past the moon in the Zharay district of Kandahar province , southern Afghanistan June 11 , 2012 . REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Egypt received 10 Apache helicopters from the United States in the past week , security sources said on Saturday , a sign of easing tensions between the long-time allies confronting Islamist extremism across the region .
The United States originally announced in April that it had decided to lift its hold on the delivery of the attack helicopters , imposed last year after the military toppled elected president Mohamed Mursi and cracked down hard on his Muslim Brotherhood supporters .
The Pentagon said in September that the United States would deliver the helicopters , built by Boeing Co. , to support Cairo 's counter-terrorism efforts .
Egypt is fighting an Islamist insurgency targeting mostly security personnel and based mainly in the lawless Sinai Peninsula bordering Israel and the Gaza Strip .
The most powerful militant group there , Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , swore allegiance last month to Islamic State , the al-Qaeda offshoot that swept across northern Iraq and Syria earlier this year and now faces U.S.-led air strikes .
Egypt has created a one-kilometer buffer zone along the border with Gaza by clearing houses and trees and destroying subterranean tunnels it says militants used to smuggle arms from Islamist-controlled Gaza .
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , who as army chief ousted Mursi , has also expressed concern over militants who are thriving in the chaos of post-Gaddafi Libya and are opposed to the Cairo government .
Critics say Egypt 's crackdown on Islamists is trampling on human rights and expanding to include peaceful protesters as well as secular and liberal activists .
In another sign of improving relations between the two countries , Stephen Beecroft , the new U.S. ambassador to Egypt , arrived in Cairo on Thursday . The previous ambassador left the post more than a year ago following Mursi 's ouster .
PADUCAH , Ky. ( AP ) — A judge has sentenced two teen parents to probation for leaving their newborn girl in a trash bin in western Kentucky .
According to media reports , McCracken Circuit Judge Craig Clymer said during the sentencing hearing Thursday that he had to follow the juvenile code because a jury convicted the pair of wanton endangerment , criminal abuse and tampering with physical evidence . They were acquitted of attempted murder .
Clymer said both have already served more time in a juvenile facility than he could impose , so he sentenced them to 12 months ' probation . He also ordered them to complete a moral therapy program .
The crying infant was found in a dumpster in July 2015 with its umbilical cord still attached . The baby was hospitalized and later released into state custody .
Larry Ellison , the deep-pocketed head-honcho of Oracle , is one of a handful of investors to have ploughed $ 20 million into the UK company behind the Web currency called beenz .
Although Ellison 's personal contribution is being kept under wraps , it 's believed to be a sizeable wedge . `` As an entrepreneur , I have an appreciation for what beenz.com is trying to accomplish , '' said Ellison . `` My company is all about innovation . beenz.com is clearly an innovator by developing a true global Internet currency . ''
According to beenz.com , Ellison 's investment provides a `` solid US endorsement of beenz.com 's business '' . The cash will be used to develop beenz on the Web and to market the product and develop new technology .
The other beenz investors were Japanese communications and retailing company Hikari Tsushin , international merchant banking group Gefinor Group , French holding company Artemis SA and Euro-American venture capital firm Viventures Partners .
`` With funding from Hikari , Gefinor , Artemis and Viventures , and Larry Ellison investing his own money , beenz.com can make a strong statement to the marketplace that we are well on our way to creating a ubiquitous global currency for the Internet , '' said Philip Letts , chairman and CEO of beenz.com .
Investor interest in beenz was so great it was oversubscribed 300 times , said a source close to the company . ®
For more Mammonite mutterings , tune into Cash Register and turn on to our daily Net Finance News
Phil Spencer , corporate vice president of Microsoft Studios , seems to be in a jolly mood after recently calling the Wii U graphically equivalent to the Xbox 360 . He 's at it again , though , saying their top 4 franchises outsell like the top 11 Sony franchises put together .
“ We have always been about trying to create hits that really push our platform and reach millions of people , ” he told GamesIndustry .
“ I 've never looked at our first-party mandate as trying to simply pump out content that only a few select people will go out and buy . If you look at our top franchises in our first-party , they do incredibly well relative to other first-party franchises .
“ If you rank our top four franchises against the other franchises , our top 4 outsell like the top 11 Sony franchises or something like that . In the end , it 's about creating something to scale and something that matters . ”
So , it looks like he 's saying they will only fund games that have mass appeal . but that probably wo n't be enough next-gen where new IPs are necessary to push the system , especially ones that are risky .
Spencer is n't the only one who said that , however , as Aaron Greenberg , chief of staff for interactive entertainment business at Microsoft , bragged about the selling power of their first-party franchises two years ago . I guess it runs in their blood .
Filament , a magazine for women featuring semi-naked men , launched earlier this year to widespread media coverage . Issue 1 featured three photo sets of men , none of whom removed their trousers . While some questioned whether women would even buy visual erotica , Filament 's readers soon put them straight . Not only were women buying it , they were asking for more explicit pictures .
That demand brought Filament smack up against the biggest problem in providing visual erotica for straight women : the pervasive nervousness about depictions of aroused men . Previous attempts to offer erotic imagery to women flopped when publications such as For Women and Playgirl offered only photography that many believed fell short of what women wanted from an adult mag .
Filament , responding to reader feedback , had planned to include a photo set of an aroused man in their second ( September ) issue . It 's not illegal to print images of erections but the Obscene Publications Act is notoriously vague . After taking legal advice , Filament intended to make a test case of sorts . Its printers , however , refused , citing potential objections from `` the women's/religious sectors '' . As a new , independent publisher , Filament ca n't yet afford more liberal-minded printers willing to tackle the taboo on tumescence .
It 's the second major hurdle for Filament , which has already been turned down by numerous UK distributors refusing to handle a women 's magazine with a man on the cover . When set against the plethora of men 's lifestyle and top-shelf magazines featuring scantily clad and open-legged women , the struggles faced by Filament highlight a deeply entrenched sexism : men can look at women but women can not look at men .
Attempts to even out this disparity often lead to cries that two wrongs do n't make a right ; that countering the prevalence of eroticised women by adding men to the mix legitimises sexist objectification . But there 's nothing inherently sexist about depicting nudity . It 's sexist when only women are deemed to signify the erotic ; it 's sexist when eroticised images of women are so normalised and widespread that women stand to be viewed first and foremost as sex objects – their value inextricably linked to their sexual desirability . The sexism is in the inequality .
In challenging a culture that positions women as sex-products for men , Filament is n't seeking to turn the tables in an act of vengeance . Instead , it 's asking for women to be acknowledged as human beings who can look and lust just as men can .
While some contend the lack of female-oriented erotica reflects a lack of demand , claiming the free market would prevail if women wanted such material , Filament 's experience of cockblocking proves otherwise . Perhaps what 's most insidious in this saga is that the market 's refusal to admit Filament reinforces an idea of female sexuality which justifies that very refusal . The absence of visual erotica for women on shelves crammed with magazines where women are products for male consumers , reduces female desire to the less-interested counterpart of male desire . The deficit positions women as the providers of sex for perpetually horny dudes . And so , runs the self-fulfilling logic , of course women do n't want magazines targeting their desire . Women do n't have desire , see ? They merely receive it . How do we know ? Just check out those magazine shelves .
Suzuki legend Kevin Schwantz has urged the factory not to wait until the season ending Valencia MotoGP for the race debut of its new grand prix machine .
Suzuki 'suspended ' its MotoGP activities due to the financial crisis at the end of 2011 , but will return in 2015 and has taken part in official tests for the last two years as it develops a new Inline four-cylinder powered motorcycle .
The machine is set to make its debut as a wild-card entry in this year 's season finale , at the hands of test rider Randy de Puniet , but Schwantz does n't think Suzuki should wait until November to go up against Honda , Yamaha and Ducati in a head-to-head race .
Speaking at this weekend 's Suzuka 8 Hours , Schwantz - who tested the Suzuki grand prix machine at the Circuit of the Americas earlier this year - told Bridgestone Motorsport :
`` The bike itself is really nice . For the twelve or so laps I rode it I got along with it well and so many pictures of me testing it shows my front wheel a foot off the ground but I never felt it get out of hand .
`` It was smooth , the tyres kept it planted and it really felt like there was nothing to riding it . It did everything right and I think there 's enough in the basic package to make it competitive , but it will take time .
`` When I was here in Japan earlier in the month I said to the guys from Suzuki that they had to get the bike racing before Valencia . Maybe they 're not ready , but you 're not getting more ready by waiting , you need to get at it . They need to look at it as a five year plan , get some hungry riders and build it up slowly .
`` When Suzuki took a break from GPs from 1984 to 1986 and came back in '87 , I raced the bike and it was n't the best to start with and could n't consistently win races for a couple of years . We worked hard and were able to catch up to the other manufacturers , but now I do n't know if with all the electronics it is as easy to catch up to the quicker bikes out there .
`` But you 're going to learn where you 're at and where you need to get to a lot quicker if you 're racing instead of testing and at the least I would enter the bike at Motegi for the Japanese Grand Prix as well . ''
Motegi , round 15 of 18 , takes place on October 10-12 .
Suzuki is yet to announce either of its riders for 2015 , but Aleix Espargaro and Maverick Vinales are heavily rumoured . That would leave no place for de Puniet , who is one of the riders 1993 world champion Schwantz is competing against at Suzuka this weekend .
Commenting on the lack of MotoGP riders present at the prestigious Japanese event , Schwantz said : `` There are not many guys from GPs here at the moment but I love that I can come out here and race against guys like Rea , Haslam , van der Mark , Parkes , de Puniet and all the top Japanese riders , even if there 's not the depth in the field like it used to be , there are some impressive guys out here .
`` It would be cool to get some of the other guys from World Superbike out here like Sykes and yeah , maybe some MotoGP riders too so we could see this race get as big as it was when I raced here back in the eighties and nineties .
`` Also , if I was Nicky Hayden and did n't have to get my hand operated on like he did I 'd be asking about coming to do the 8 Hour so I could keep my foot in the door with Honda . This race is so important for the Japanese factories . ''
· Region HIVE Efficiency scoring has been updated and a new map filter provided
· The ANT mineral radar is now passive ( no longer occupies the utility slot ) and the first rank is auto granted .
o Anyone who purchased the mineral radar utility will have their certs refunded ( and will need to repurchase any ranks in the passive skill line )
· Glaive IPC ( the ion cannon ) added to the construction depot
· Rocklet Rifle has been removed for the time being . We ran into a number of bugs with the way it 's been implemented , so we need to re-evaluate the direction and try again .
· Updated Koltyr lockout string to `` You are too experienced to fight on Koltyr '' to improve messaging for characters that are under BR 15 but are on veteran accounts that no longer qualify for Koltyr .
· Underbarrel Smoke Grenade now has unique fire audio .
· Reduced mass of Ammo packs
· Dual photon pod projectiles are now more visible on low settings
· Tank primary cannons will animate properly again when firing
A new initiative is hoping to get stories created into children 's books in the Labrador Inuktitut dialect .
InukBook is an initiative under the Tradition and Transition research partnership founded by the Nunatsiavut Government and Memorial University .
`` It came about when Nunatsiavut came out and spoke to us community members saying that there 's not enough material for children in terms of books , '' said Ossie Michelin , who works with the partnership program .
We want these books to be omnipresent in Labrador . - Ossie Michelin
The project was designed to publish Inuk books and provide more resources and more books in Labrador Inuktitut for children ( and adults ) learning the language .
`` There are a lot of resources out there for other dialects of Inuktitut but there really is n't that much out there in the unique dialect here in Labrador , '' said Michelin .
The project put out a call for submissions and is looking for Nunatsiavut beneficiaries to submit story ideas . The winning entries will be developed and published .
Ossie Michelin says there is a lack of resources for Inuktitut-language books for children . ( Facebook )
Michelin said they can be made up stories , true stories , traditional folk tales or legends , and that all ideas are welcome .
`` We 'll pick the two best story ideas between now and October . You can submit them in English or Inuktitut and if you need translating , we 'll help you , '' he said .
`` Once we select the authors we 'll do the same process for the illustrators . ''
The project will be ongoing for at least the next five years and the group is planning to produce at least two books a year .
In addition , Michelin said the project is also exploring possibilities to have future readalong apps or CDs to accompany the books .
`` I would love to see them in all of the schools , I would love parents to have them at home in waiting rooms at the airport everywhere , '' Michelin said .
`` We want these books to be omnipresent in Labrador . ''
'What better way to include everybody '
Stories can be submitted through Facebook , email or phone , as well as other options , such as sharing circle events .
Nunatsiavut said the book contest will fill a gap in demand for Inuktitut-language reading material .
`` We saw a need for an increase in Inuktitut children 's books and what better way to include everybody than to open it up to the public to have their stories told , '' said Jodie Lane , Nunatsiavut education manager .
`` They do n't have to come with a finished story we want ideas or any sort of contribution we welcome them in English or Inuktitut . ''
Scene from 'The Passion of the Christ ' - 20th Century Fox
A Arkansas history teacher has been suspended after students complained that he forced them to watch Mel Gibson 's graphic and violent 2004 film , The Passion of the Christ .
According to THV11 , teacher Greg Hendrix made his students at Wilbur D. Mills High School in Little Rock watch the film as part of a class on “ History since 1890 , ” before having them take a quiz on the movie .
In a recording taken by a student , the teacher also complained about Democrats and liberals , bemoaning “ political correctness . ”
Gibson 's film was a box office blockbuster for the stridently Catholic director despite earning an R-rating for its extreme portrayal of the torture and crucifixion of Jesus Christ — making over $ 600 million .
According to one student , she showed up expecting a history class only to find the film cued up for her class to watch .
“ It was weird . He should n't have done it because there are a lot of students that have different religions . It just did n't feel right , ” Kristina Coffman said before adding that five students — including herself — walked out of the classroom as the film started
“ They were like this does n't feel right . They just did n't want to be in there , ” she said .
The Arkansas ACLU agreed .
“ It 's religious proselytization . It has nothing to do with the class , which is history since 1890 , ” explained Rita Sklar , executive director of ACLU of Arkansas , adding that some students in Hendrix 's class were bullied by other students after watching the film .
Sklar stated that teachers need to respect their religious rights of students in their classrooms while keeping their own religious views to themselves .
“ Kids having the religious liberty in school means they can express their religious views . It does n't mean the teacher can , ” Sklar said .
“ He said that that Liberals and Democrats were trying to violate their first amendment rights , ” Sklar continued .
Hendrix has been suspended with pay pending an investigation by the school district , with some complaining parents holding their fire waiting to see what happens with Hendrix .
According to Sklar , the ACLU is considering filing an ethics complaint with the state .
Watch the video blow via THV11 :
A few weeks ago , my wife and I attended the Country Classic Auction , an incredible charitable event held annually to raise money for the London Health Sciences Foundation . This year , there were over 1,200 attendees who collectively donated millions of dollars to support the foundation 's campaign goal of $ 200 million by 2018 .
These types of hospital foundation fundraiser campaigns are commonplace in philanthropic circles across Canada . They include , among others , the popular Princess Margaret Home Lottery and the SickKids VS Initiative , which bring in hundreds of millions of dollars annually from private citizens . Most of the funds raised are earmarked for desperately-needed medical infrastructure and research development .
That raises an important question : why is it that our publicly funded health care system is so dependent on private fundraisers ? Put another way , how deficient would our system truly be without individuals and corporations stepping in to fill the void left by the government ?
Reduced health transfers
The simple answer to the first question is this : while individuals keep opening their pocketbooks , various levels of government have chosen to limit their spending on health care . Federally , the government has reduced the increase of Canada Health Transfers by three per cent annually , a curious decision by a government with a voracious appetite for deficit spending .
Canada will spend close to $ 242 billion nationally on health care in 2017 , representing 11.5 per cent of our gross domestic product . While this seems , and indeed is an astronomical number , it is undercut by systemic inefficiencies that leave public health care still chronically underfunded . These most recent clawbacks will only serve to exacerbate the problem .
These shortfalls in funding are not isolated to the federal government . The Ontario Liberal government , for example , has long been self-congratulatory about medical care in this province , despite administering devastating cuts to the health care system . These cuts also include decreasing the number of residency spots for future physicians , which might be the most myopic health policy in recent memory , given our aging population and growing crises of doctor shortages and specialist wait times .
What is truly unforgivable is a government taking credit for health care service and innovation that is significantly funded by private citizens . When Kathleen Wynne hosted Bernie Sanders in Toronto recently , it was reported that he was particularly impressed by Sinai Health System 's neonatal intensive care unit . This very same NICU was actually made possible through a $ 5 million donation from the Newton Glassman Charitable Foundation .
In fact , back in 2013 , Newton Glassman excoriated the government 's shambolic management of the health care system , saying , `` the province should be ashamed of itself . [ SickKids ' NICU ] looks like a 1970s Russian gulag . '' No wonder SickKids is in the midst of the most aggressive capital campaigns in Canadian hospital history , with a goal of raising $ 1.3 billion , in order to rebuild its hospital because its `` facilities and infrastructures do not match the expertise of our people . '' If this is not the responsibility of the Ministry of Health , I do n't know what is .
A tiered system
With a system riddled by inefficiencies , we have seen the proliferation of a tiered system in Canada , including the operation of private clinics in B.C . and Ontario .
The underfunding of the medical system has also been felt by patients who are forced to pay exorbitant prices for parking , which is used to offset operating costs and to fund necessary research . According to the Ontario Hospital Association , these costs have been passed onto patients because the government froze hospital budgets for years and encouraged hospitals to `` find new sources of revenue . ''
Importantly , a large proportion of the medical infrastructure and innovation in this country has been made possible by significant contributions of the donor communities . In a country that prides itself on a publicly funded health care model , this should not even be necessary . Truly efficient government ministries would be able to invest intelligently in medical infrastructure , innovation and delivery without a reliance on private capital .
This column is part of CBC 's Opinion section . For more information about this section , please read this editor 's blog and our FAQ .
Investigators learned that a juvenile had escaped from Devereux Brandywine , a behavioral-health facility , on the day of the attack . Authorities believe he walked the 1.8 miles from the facility in Glenmoore until he came upon the woman 's house .
The woman had no prior contact with him , they said .
Township Police Lt. Gene Babetski said that after the teen locked the woman in the closet , he poured bleach he found in the house on his sneakers , thinking it would disguise his presence there . Instead , the bleach caused footprints -- showing a distinct diamond pattern -- to be left on the cement floor outside the closet and on the second floor .
Police also found that one of the victim 's credit cards had been used in Maryland on Feb. 22 . Surveillance video from a store there showed the teen getting out of the woman 's car and using her card . Among other evidence , police found the victim 's phone at Devereux Brandywine .
The teen , originally from Thailand , had been living in Media and had returned to Devereux Brandywine two days after the attack but was then transferred to another facility .
District Attorney Thomas P. Hogan said detectives are checking with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to see if he is in the country legally .
FILE - In this Aug. 4 , 2015 file photo , the head of a Jewish extremist group Meir Ettinger appears in court in Nazareth Illit , Israel . Israel 's prison service says Ettinger has been freed from jail after a 10-month detention on Wednesday , June 1 , 2016 . Ettinger was arrested last year following a deadly arson on a Palestinian West Bank home that killed three people , including a toddler . The 24-year-old Ettinger is the grandson of U.S.-born Rabbi Meir Kahane , Israel 's most notorious Jewish extremist , whose ultranationalist party was banned from Israel 's parliament for its racist views in 1988 . ( AP Photo/Ariel Schalit , File ) The Associated Press
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Israel on Wednesday freed a Jewish extremist detained 10 months ago amid a security crackdown on extremists following an arson attack in which a Palestinian toddler was burned to death .
Meir Ettinger was arrested last year , shortly after the deadly arson of a West Bank home that killed three people , including the toddler . He was detained without trial or charge , under a measure called administrative detention , which Israel typically uses on Palestinians suspected of militant activity .
A number of extremists were arrested in the sweep , with one man and a minor eventually charged for the West Bank arson .
The Shin Bet , Israel 's internal security agency , declined to say why Ettinger was being released . In an email , it said he was banned from entering the West Bank for a year and barred from contacting certain radical activists for six months , among other conditions for his release .
The 24-year-old Ettinger is the grandson of U.S.-born Rabbi Meir Kahane , Israel 's most notorious Jewish extremist , whose ultranationalist party was banned from Israel 's parliament for its racist views in 1988 . He was killed by an Arab gunman in New York in 1990 .
Ettinger has been accused of heading an extremist movement seeking to bring about religious `` redemption '' through attacks on Christian sites and Palestinian property . Sima Cohav , a lawyer for Ettinger , denied the allegations , saying Ettinger was `` not involved in anything . ''
Jamal Dajani , a spokesman for the Palestinian government said Ettinger `` will be now allowed to roam free and put Palestinian lives in danger . ''
___
Associated Press writer Mohammed Daraghmeh contributed to this report from Ramallah , West Bank .
___
This story has been corrected to show that Ettinger is not a settler .
Leeds United have appointed Thomas Christiansen as their new manager .
The 44-year-old former Spain international he met with club owner Andrea Radrizzani in Madrid this week .
We understand that Radrizzani was blown away with the Danish-born coach and immediately called off the manager search following the interview .
Leeds United are set to appoint Thomas Christiansen as the new manager at Elland Road
The Elland Road club announced Christiansen as replacement for Garry Monk , who quit last month and has since joined Middlesbrough , on Thursday . He will hold his first press conference as manager on Monday .
Christiansen most recently managed Cypriot side APOEL Nicosia , who were crowned champions this year and reached the last 16 of the Europa League for the first time in their history .
He was previously in charge of Cypriot club AEK Larnaca , where he guided them to successive second-placed finishes .
The former striker - whose mother is Spanish - began his playing career at Barcelona after being signed by Johan Cruyff in 1991 .
Ex-Spain international Christiansen most recently managed Cypriot side APOEL Nicosia
He appeared 11 times for Spain Under-21 and twice for the senior side , scoring during a World Cup qualifier against Lithuania in 1993 .
His best season came in the Bundesliga with Bochum when he was joint-top scorer with 21 goals in 2003 . He retired in 2006 because of injury .
Leeds will be hoping the left-field appointment pays off in much the same manner as David Wagner 's arrival at Huddersfield did last season .
Christiansen is said to be a student of the game and his presentation to Radrizzani was so thorough that the Italian emerged from the meeting and told colleagues , 'He 's our man ' .
Owner Andrea Radrizzani was blown away with the Danish-born coach after his interview
Leeds United managing director Angus Kinnear said on the club website : 'We are delighted to make this announcement today as it successfully concludes what has been a thorough and extensive search , following a huge level of interest from all over the football world .
'We wanted to appoint someone who can help us create a winning culture at the club and unite everyone connected with Leeds United , from the players to the supporters , ultimately taking the club back to where we all feel we belong .
'Thomas was someone who had been on our radar from the very early stages of the process and quickly established himself as the outstanding candidate .
'We are confident we have found a man with who can work with us to take the club to the next level . '
This article is from the archive of our partner .
At a time of heightened awareness—and with U.S. and South Korean militaries in the middle of war games—North Korea has apparently decided that now would be the perfect time to start testing missiles . Good thing no one 's taking them that seriously .
South Korean military sources say the North launched several short-range missiles into their East Sea ( or the Sea of Japan ) on Friday , less than a week after declaring that their armistice with the South is over . Just a day earlier they the North conducted live-fire artillery drills near the Yellow Sea border with the South .
While the launch is not an actual attack , there was always the possibility that it could have been mistaken for one , or at least the preparation stage of one . After all , bigger wars have started over a lot less . Especially when of the parties has been shouting all week about `` retaliatory strikes '' and `` flames of justice . '' ( That 's why you need to pick up the phone when the other side calls . )
Fortunately , the South has so far taken the incident for what it is—a show of bravado—and is n't taking the bait . But it 's not going to make it any easier to bring everyone back from the edge .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
Syria
Today , it 's a brilliant , crisp sunny day , after a night of thunder and rain . I 'm always coming and going from home . This constant state of flux creates the sense of being suspended between worlds and always feeling isolated on some level , since I ca n't ever get grounded or fully connected either at home or on the road . One of the issues at home is how distracted everyone is , whether from your work or the digital gadgets and friends of the kids . And , of course , you all must live your own lives , so you are not in sync with my rhythms and moods . ( Pictured above , Damascus . )
Zululand , Africa
Taken 21.09.97
I am once again facing the demons of a tough fixer , the loneliness of the road and less than perfect conditions . But my problems pale when I think about our new baby on the way . It was a shock when I first got the news but now I 'm jumping out of my skin with excitement . Who knows what we 'll have ? I know you want a girl this time . I just want a healthy baby .
Today we went out at dusk to photograph the cane fields being burned . It was exciting , and I had a near miss . Hot embers were flying everywhere and they had these Zulu workers armed with big sticks to bat the embers down as they tried to fly to an adjacent field not ready for burning . That would be devastating for the farmers . I was on the fire break road that separates the fields , trying to photograph the worker swinging at the embers , when a bunch of them fell on me . They burned holes in my clothes , caught my forearm and left a small mark .
Every night I go to sleep thinking of your swollen belly and all the magic that 's inside . I ca n't wait to meet our new child . Only a few months left .
I love you so dearly and deeply .
Shuiluo river , China
Taken 21.10.95
Today was one of the most humbling days of my life , both physically and mentally . I fell out of the boat on a tough rapid through sheer-faced canyon walls . I lost one of the Nikon cameras and a roll of film almost at the end with possibly good images . I am OK. My right hand hurts to open and close it . Today was very scary , and not just for me . Two other boats flipped , people are sore and tired . The last two hours were through continuous rapids in tight canyons . Five miles back , a tributary merged with the main water , so now the river is twice as big . We are camped on the edge of rapids with very loud water 15ft away from the jagged and uneven river walls that I will be sleeping on .
We are 15 miles into a 65-mile stretch of river nobody has ever rafted down . Every bend is a surprise . A waterfall could end the trip and force us to hike out , leaving everything we ca n't carry . There are no towns nearby , only small clusters of Tibetan structures scattered on the cliffs and mountains . If anyone gets hurt , we are in big trouble . Help is days away . I 'm fighting to keep my spirits up and fear down . I want to see you and Eli again . I 've never experienced anything like this before . These people , for their own reasons , enjoy this or need to do something on the edge . I have nothing to prove . Maybe I 'll get into it more as I get firmer river feet . Today freaked me out , and not knowing what 's ahead is taking a mental toll . Also , I do n't know what to say to the other folks . They 're all very supportive , but I feel a hint of concern from them . It must be obvious how shaken I was by today . I hope tomorrow is smoother .
My body is aching , reminding me of the tough day just passed . I love you and want to see you again . This desire will help me overcome my fears and remind me of what I must survive this for . The rocks are swaying , like on the raft through the rapids . Never knowing when the slow-motion ride will abruptly end with a nightmarish , chaotic swim .
Aracaju , Brazil
Taken 05.06.02
Day 1 This story is questionable from the start , one of those that sounds great but… I wish the subject [ legendary swimmer Zé Peixe ] was more co-operative , but then that 's the challenge . Maybe I am resenting his ways because it 's not an important political or social story , so what 's the problem with just making it easy ?
Day 2 My comments from yesterday seem arrogant . Today was humbling and difficult . For a moment I was ready to pack it in . We have a final opportunity for tomorrow . This means the weather must co-operate , and Zé Peixe must co-operate , and all else must go smoothly and safely .
Day 3 Another humbling day . Trying again to take underwater pictures of Zé Peixe , I could n't manage breathing comfortably enough to swim , to catch up to him , to take any pictures ! I struggled just to get back to the boat . It was a relief to get that out of the way . I can now relax . I feel we have a good story . We 'll see .
Gulmit , Pakistan
Taken 21.09.96
We had a great day . The afternoon was spent with a spunky group of Hunza women meeting in the village . They have their own community orchard , livestock and savings accounts , sponsored by the Aga Khan Rural Support Programme . Great idea and result . I am now stuffed in my room . We ate a filling , tasty dinner of apricot and macaroni soup , excellent french fries ( it 's potato harvest time ) and a yak stew .
So now I think of you and Eli and our great home and how much of your and Eli 's life I miss . I 'm getting nervous already about how Eli will react to me . It 's weird to know my time will be so short when I return . I 'm preparing myself for a week of trying to do little work and spend as much time as possible with Eli and you . That is assuming he will want to spend much time with me ! The mountains are big and breathtaking . I keep on thinking how much nicer it would be with both of you here .
I love you dearly .
Baghdad , Iraq
Taken 05.04.04
Day 1 Iraq is falling apart . This morning , I went with a group of journalists to Sadr City to see what happened last night . I walked through the blood of Shias killed by American fire . We were extremely careful and moved cautiously . In the end , we did some street shooting of American tanks on the main roads , then in the hospital we photographed 15 people dead and some of the wounded , children among them .
Day 2 Another weird Baghdad day . I had the Fortune Small Business shoot this morning , then went out to Sadr City to cover the demonstrations against the Americans and in support of Moqtada al-Sadr . I 'm back and safe .
Day 3 You know , it 's so weird hanging out around these guys [ Moqtada al-Sadr supporters ] , because they are actually mostly very sweet . It 's one of those strange moments where you 're hanging with the bad guys , but you realise if the two sides could just talk , they could work it out… And then they parade around us with guns , and we obligingly take images that paint them as fanatics , then the American military wants to kill them… Granted , they are capable of bad stuff .
Day 4 Quite a day , but I 'm thankfully home and safe . I went through two fierce firefights on highways . One in Abu Ghraib that necessitated us barrelling out of the car and jumping into ditches while gunfire and RPG rounds were exchanged between insurgents and an American convoy ; then , a few hours later , driving back from Sadr City . Man… Not fun or pretty , but thankfully we were unscathed . My driver and fixer quit on me today . They 'd had enough .
Simferopol , Crimea
Taken 01.06.93
We have just had an incredibly long , amazing , emotional , productive day . We started at 4.45am in a Tatar village a half hour outside of Simferopol . Today is Kurban Bayrami , a Muslim holiday of sacrifice . I photographed a bull being slaughtered , a feast , then a Muslim funeral , in detail , from the body lying in the house , to washing it , to taking it through the village to be buried . The death scene really hit me . Seeing the body up close ( only my third ) , and the fact he was 61 , reminded me of my dad . Watching the daughter wailing and yelling out his name made me think how I did n't have a chance to say goodbye to Dad .
Once the body was buried , I sat with the men who accompanied it . I wanted to show them respect for having let me into such intimate situations , but also to sit in the grass , with the sounds of the Imam singing and the view , and relax , be present ... It made me feel peaceful about life and death . I miss you and am excited about coming home . Much love .
Da Nang , Vietnam
Taken 10.07.10 . All photographs : Ed Kashi/VII
Had a good morning of shooting with Ly [ a girl disabled by Agent Orange sprayed by the US and remaining in Vietnam after the war ] . She went to the hospital for a checkup . Her chest is concave . She 'll need surgery , but she 's too thin and weak . The doctors told her mum she needs to eat more . Easy for them to say . The spirit of Ly and the love and support of her family were quite lovely to witness . She is a special little girl and will hopefully pull through . Wish I had something more profound to say , but my reserves are empty .
These are edited extracts from Witness Number 8 : Photojournalisms , by Ed Kashi , published by Nizraeli Press .
When you develop Android applications , using the Android Emulator to check the behaviour of your application on different kind of devices and configurations is an essential thing . With the tools offered by Google in the Android SDK , you can create virtual devices and define a lot of specific parameters to emulate different configurations . For example , you can define screen size , resolution , RAM , internal memory or still sensors supported . There are a lot of possibilities . However , there is even a better feature offered by the Android Emulator . You can define specific skins to change the aspect of your Android Emulator .
Almost two months after the announcement of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge during Mobile World Congress 2016 , Samsung has released Android Emulator 's skins for its two new flagships . Discover how to use these skins in your Android Emulator by following these easy steps :
1 . We assume that you have already installed the Android SDK and Android Studio on your computer . The following steps cover only Android Studio because it 's the official IDE supported by Google to make Android applications .
2 . Now , you must download the Samsung Android Emulator skins for Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge . For each skin , you can choose white or black color .
For Samsung Galaxy S7 Emulator Skin , go here :
http : //developer.samsung.com/technical-doc/view.do ? v=T000000287
For Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Emulator Skin , go here :
http : //developer.samsung.com/technical-doc/view.do ? v=T000000288 # none
3 . When downloads are done , extract the zip files in the path of your Android Studio installation that is like that : Android Studio > plugins > android > lib > device-art-resources
4 . Now , you can launch Android Studio and go to Tools > Android > AVD manager entry
5 . In the AVD Manager windows , click on “ Create Virtual Device ”
6 . Click “ New Hardware Profile ” on the Virtual Device Configuration section
7 . Now , it 's the interesting part . You have to complete the fields with the specifications you would like to use .
For Samsung Galaxy S7 , specifications to enter are the following :
Screen Size : 5.1 inches
Resolution : 1440 x 2560
RAM : 4 GB
Internal memory : 32/64 GB
Card slot : microSD , up to 200 GB ( dedicated slot )
Hardware buttons : Yes
Supported device states : Portrait and Landscape
Cameras : Front and Back
Sensors : Fingerprint , Accelerometer , Gyro , Proximity , Compass , Barometer , Heart Rate , SpO2
For Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge , specifications to enter are the following :
Screen Size : 5.5 inches
Resolution : 1440 x 2560
RAM : 4 GB
Internal memory : 32/64 GB
Card slot : microSD , up to 200 GB ( dedicated slot )
Hardware buttons : Yes
Supported device states : Portrait and Landscape
Cameras : Front and Back
Sensors : Fingerprint , Accelerometer , Gyro , Proximity , Compass , Barometer , Heart Rate , SpO2
8 . In the Default skin section , pick the folder of zip file you have extracted previously in the device-art-resources folder .
9 . Now , you can select the system image you would like to use for new virtual device . You can choose Marshmallow or Lollipop .
10 . Once the configurations are ended , you can check all is correct and click on the finish button
11 . On the AVD Manager , you can see your new virtual device listed . To launch it , you have just to select if and click on the play icon
12 . After some seconds , may be minutes if your computer is slow , the Android Emulator skinned must appear on your screen .
Note here that we have used a Samsung Galaxy S6 skin for the example but steps are the same for Samsung Galaxy S7 skin or some others skins you can find .
Like always , do n't forget that Android Emulator have some limitations compared to physical device . For example , it 's impossible to place or receive real phone calls , simulate USB connections , capture Camera / Video inputs , use device-attached headphones or still use Bluetooth . But , it stays a great tool that Android developers ca n't ignore to test their applications .
In the back room of every Apple Store in the US is something called an iPhone Calibration Machine . No images of this machine have ever been made public , it is kept under constant video surveillance , and its full functionality is unknown outside of Apple .
Update : We got photos of the device .
I learned about the existence of the calibration machine from two former Apple Geniuses and one current Apple Genius . According to those people , the calibration machine is a microwave-sized device that costs tens of thousands of dollars and has a mechanical arm that can run the iPhone through a battery of tests to make sure it 's working properly . More interestingly , the calibration machine can change the settings on the iPhone to allow Apple to replace broken Touch ID buttons , which is impossible outside of Apple .
This functionality gives Apple the exclusive ability to put new front panels on iPhones without swapping out the old Touch ID button from the original device , an example of an artificial `` software lock '' that prevents aftermarket repair . Thus , the machine is central to an ongoing legislative battle between Apple and independent repair shops . In fact , the machine is not even sold to `` authorized '' Apple repair shops . `` Right to repair '' legislation in eight states would require Apple to sell the calibration machine on the open market . Apple did not respond to my request for comment .
I would like to know more about this machine : How it functions , what its capabilities are , a photo or video of it in action . Here is my secure contact information .
Here 's how the machine was described to me by a former employee :
`` The calibration machine was a rather big device ( imagine something roughly the size of a fairly large microwave ) that phones had to be inserted into after replacing the display . It took about ten minutes per phone to calibrate them , and the device would run a battery of pressure-sensitive tests in addition to , supposedly , registering the display with the secure enclave .
An iPhone had to be secured in the device , naturally , and a mechanical arm would perform the necessary functions . Sometimes—and always completely at random—the calibration machine would just 'fail ' a phone . This would result in the 'bricking ' of said phone . The infuriating part of this is that when OUR machine ruined a customer 's phone , managers would force the customer to pay full price to replace their phone instead of just the cost of replacing their display . No explanation was ever given regarding why the customer suddenly had to pay more when our calibration machine was at fault , and managers were extremely combative about discounting the replacement cost when this happened . ''
A current Apple Genius said that the machine `` is like a cross between a microwave and a 3D printer . It is connected to a computer , but also connected to its own network and server . ''
Have you seen this machine ? Tell me about it .
Recently the Walt Disney World Resort announced opening dates for some of the attraction we got a preview of earlier this year in the Awaken Summer promotions . Below , is a rundown of opening dates broken down by park .
Starting off at Disney 's Animal Kingdom park , on May 27th the park 's iconic Tree of Life will awaken each night with music and dance celebrating Discovery Island . Animal spirits and fireflies will reveal stories of wonder and show the magic of nature :
Also on May 27 , Kilimanjaro Safaris will begin to offer nighttime safaris and for the first time ever feature hyenas and African Wild Dogs join the trails creature feature :
A new dining experience will also open at the park on May 27th . Tiffins signature dining experience will serve lunch and dinner and feature travel-themed dining rooms and a waterfront patio . The menu offering will consist of African , Asian and South American flavors :
Closing out Animal Kingdom , on May 28th a limited engagement show featuring the Jungle Book will premiere . The Jungle Book : Alive with Magic will be a live show that celebrates the new live-action film and music from the classic animated feature with an Indian Influence :
Moving on to Epcot , guests will soon get to experience an all new Soarin ' attraction with Soarin ' Around the World opening June 17th along with a 3rd theater for more efficient operation and higher capacity .
Currently already happening next door at the Seas with Nemo and Friends is a fun new addition to Turtle Talk with Crush . Some newer characters from the upcoming film Finding Dory join Crush during the experience .
The big new addition many have been waiting for at Epcot will open June 21st in World Showcase . Frozen ever After boat ride will take guests on a journey through Frozen Norway . Passengers will sail their way to Elsa 's Winter in Summer Celebration with all new songs from the writer 's that brought you “ Let It Go ”
Also opening in the Norway Pavilion , Anna and Elsa will greet guests in their all new Royal Sommerhus , modeled after a traditional Norwegian Cabin !
Moving over to Walt Disney World 's first park we find a grand new stage show set to open June 17th . Mickey 's Royal Friendship Faire will feature Tiana , Rapunzel , Anna and Elsa , along with a lot more Disney characters performed on one of the grandest stages . The “ timeless fairytale ” combines dance , fireworks , and stunts with memorable music and a new original song .
Wrapping up at Disney 's Hollywood Studios , the Star wars fun continues with the opening of “ Star Wars : A Galactic Spectacular ” premiering June 17th at the park ! The next generation of Star Wars show brings themed fireworks , lasers , special effects , video projections of characters and scenes all set to the unforgettable John Williams score .
We ca n't wait to experience all the fun coming up really soon at the Walt Disney World Resort ! For more on Disney and other parks from across the country , be sure to follow us on our social pages :
Disclaimer : This article was posted as part of CoinDesk 's April Fools ' Day coverage .
Following rumours of China 's plans to ban bank transfers to bitcoin exchanges , the CEO of Bitcoin™ has decided to ban China .
The decision was unanimously approved by Bitcoin 's shareholders , the Bitcoin Board of Directors , HaCkerz4BITZ and the Bitcoin Steering Board .
As of 8th April , bitcoin transfers to and from the Glorious People 's Republic of China will no longer by supported by the Bitcoin Network™ . The decision will not affect the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) – unless it gets invaded in the meantime . It is unclear whether or not it will apply to Hong Kong , which is sort of part of China , but really it is n't – you know ?
Pre-empting the PBOC ruling
The decision was announced by Bitcoin™ CEO Warren Winkleberg via reddit on Tuesday morning . It was made following extensive discussions with members of the bitcoin community , Chinese exchanges and Dorian S Nakamoto himself .
Although there were a few dissenting voices , they were drowned out in a lengthy discussion thanks to Godwin 's Law – hence the decision was unanimous .
As a result , Bitcoin Inc.™ decided to pre-empt the imminent announcement of an official People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) notice , which is expected to effectively prohibit banks from doing business with bitcoin exchanges in mainland China , which happen to be wholly-owned subsidiaries of Bitcoin Inc.™
Warren Winkleberg stated :
“ In light of China 's imminent decision to clamp down on bitcoin exchanges , we had no choice but to completely ban China . We are aware that the decision will have a long-term impact on the proliferation of bitcoin and the price , but frankly we had no alternative . ”
“ We had to act in the best interest of our shareholders and Bitcoin™ investors worldwide , ” he added .
Reactions , backlash , counter-backlash reactions
CEO of The Internet™ Kal-El Al-Gore told CoinDesk that while the decision is controversial , in the grand scheme of things it will help the bitcoin community and The Internet™ as a whole . He added :
“ The Great Firewall of China has been hampering development and eating into our margins for more than a decade . Here at The Internet™ we know full well that restrictive policies advocated by certain circles in the Chinese government can have a devastating effect on growth and the adoption of new technologies . I should know , I invented The Internet™ . ”
“ In addition , carbon dioxide emissions caused by the firewall are contributing to China 's air quality problems and they have become a public health issue . We all need to reduce our carbon footprint . ”
CEO of Dogecoin™ , Mr Shibah Inews said :
In addition , The Socialist Union of Bitcoin Miners warns that the decision will not do much to help the plight of Chinese bitcoin miners , who are often compelled to work in unregulated bitcoin mines under harsh conditions with no union protection .
The International Labour Organisation reports that more than a dozen canaries ( bred for their ‘ bitcoin ' yellow hue ) died in Chinese bitcoin mines last year .
“ Children are being forced to mine for blocks to add to the master block chain . However the difficulty is astronomical – these kids do n't even earn the transaction fees they 're mining for , ” an investigator told bitcoin 's premier news source The Coinion last December .
Even Apple has called for a thorough investigation from the authorities .
“ It is even worse than Foxconn . We did not believe it was humanly possible , but it is , ” Apple CEO Tim Cook tweeted in response . “ It is almost as inhumane as reading the iTunes terms of service . ”
Price swings gone wild
The move is expected to cause even greater volatility on an already volatile bitcoin market . Many Chinese investors and exchanges are expected to start dumping their bitcoin holdings over the next week . This could trigger a ripple effect , causing many investors to unload their wallets before the price tanks .
However , it is seen as an opportunity for speculators and even some governments . Ukraine is rumoured to be planning to acquire as much as $ 1bn worth of bitcoins , which it plans to use to pay off its $ 1.6bn gas bill and to irk Russia in the process .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is not impressed .
“ I bought into bitcoin at $ 14 and sold at $ 800 . I 'm all doge now , ” he said , adding : “ In Putin 's Russia , bitcoin exchanges you . ”
Analysts expect the price to bottom out later this month , but before it does it will spend a couple of weeks in negative territory , literally .
It is not all bad news . Speculators can expect great returns if they pounce at the right moment . In related news , Mt . Gox is widely expected to miraculously “ find ” a few hundred thousand bitcoins once they are worth next to nothing .
Woah here , cowboy image via Shutterstock
The Silver Award-winning meta-match-three RPG Scurvy Scallywags has just made landfall on Android as a free-to-play game .
If you did n't play it on iOS , this is a wicked smart puzzler . Here , you live out the life of a pirate , while also doing chores to keep the Scurvy Scallywags broadway musical up and running .
At its heart , this is a match-three puzzler . But unlike in Candy Crush Saga , one of the tiles on the board is actually your swashbuckling hero .
By matching up gems , you shift chunks of shiny tiles , which lets your pirate protagonist move around the board . This enables you to do battle with rival pirates , run away from monsters , and pick up quest items .
We called Scurvy Scallywags a `` fresh , interesting , and above all hugely entertaining match-three puzzler '' on iOS .
Unlike the iOS version , this Android edition is free to download . As such , some of the mechanics have been tweaked . The permadeath system has been replaced with an energy system , for example . And you can now pay to charge your skills .
But creator Ron Gilbert , of Monkey Island fame , assures us that the game has n't been compromised by the shift to free-to-play .
`` I still think F2P is destroying game design , '' he tells us . `` The problem with a lot of F2P games is that they prey on players ' addiction and habits and hook into that part of our brain that enjoys gambling . ''
`` When a game is doing that , it 's no longer keeping you playing because it 's good and fun , it keeps you playing because you 're addicted . Games are tuned not to be fun , but to maximize the amount of money players spend . ''
Ethics
So , how did Gilbert and long-time collaborator Clayton Kauzlaric keep their game on the 'straight and narrow ' ( ethically speaking ) ?
`` The Android version had over 200 beta testers and we gave none of them access to IAP , '' Gilbert says . `` It was important that they be able to enjoy the game without spending any money . ''
You be the judge . Scurvy Scallywags is free on Google Play right now .
Hey , Hollywood , Kevin Bacon has a bone to pick with you . There is so much gratuitous female nudity in films and television , and that 's not fair because male actors want to be naked too .
In a very serious PSA , the actor demands that more male actors be allowed to `` free their bacon , '' calling out Game of Thrones , Fifty Shades of Grey and My Dog Skip for their lack of justifiable male nudity ( well , maybe not My Dog Skip ) .
And like any great grassroots movement , he even has a nifty hashtag : # FreeTheBacon .
Some may call the campaign nuts , but it 's time to go hard and rise up . Listen to Kevin Bacon , people — he only needs a few good men to stand up for what 's right .
Bacon 's film Cop Car hits select theaters August 7 and on-demand August 14 .
And for more videos like this , make sure to subscribe to The Watercooler on YouTube .
Yelena Mizulina is a member of Russia 's Duma , and the author of the nation 's anti-gay “ propaganda ” law , which essentially criminalizes coming out . She is also a strong ally of the Illinois-based World Congress Of Families , which has come under increased scrutiny the past several years for exporting hate around the world through large summit meetings that bring together “ pro-family ” groups from far and wide . This year , the WCF was set to hold their annual summit in Moscow , but due to Russia 's behavior on the world stage , especially regarding Ukraine , they made a PR decision to “ suspend ” plans for that summit . Even some of the most fervently anti-gay American groups , most prominently Concerned Women For America , sought to distance themselves from the event , suggesting that they did n't want to be seen as giving aid and comfort to the Putin regime . The WCF event , of course , still happened , just under a different name and with different official sponsorship . WCF leaders bragged about their attendance , which exposed the cynical nature of their decision to “ suspend ” plans earlier in the year . Their argument , essentially , is that their alliances with Russian anti-gay groups does n't necessarily mean they support Russia 's government , but merely that they are making common cause with like-minded people . Of course , that 's hard to believe when Don Feder , WCF 's communications director , writes that Barack Obama is a greater threat to our national security than Vladimir Putin is .
That provides the backdrop for a very strange proposal recently made by Ms. Mizulina , which is just this week being translated in the American press . Mizulina , according to translations by the New York Observer , has introduced a bill in the Duma which would provide for Vladimir Putin 's sperm to be shipped to Russian women willing to birth his babies , so that a master race of Russians may be created :
The Russian-language newspaper , Trust , is reporting that an actual lawmaker—albeit one with a history of strange ideas—has introduced to the State Duma a bill that proposes extending the greatness of Russia by having children using the sperm of Vladimir Putin . To the best of our research , the Observer is the first to translate this strange proposal into English . “ The essence of my proposition is simple ” , says the chairwoman of Parliamentary Commission on Women 's Affairs , Children and Family , Yelena Borisovna Mizoulina . “ Each female citizen of Russia will be able to receive by mail the genetic material of the President , get pregnant from him and have a baby . These mothers will be receiving special allowances from the government. ” Ms. Mizoulina , who holds a PhD in law , made the proposal in a roundtable discussion regarding the issue of fertility and Russia . She went on to describe what would happen after President Putin 's babies were born , presuming that they will be male , at least in the translation commissioned by the Observer . “ And after the birth of the child , he will have to be given to be raised into the special institutions that resemble Souvorov Schools with the aim that he will be loyal to the Motherland and personally to the President of RF. ” A Souvorov school resembled the “ military boarding school ” concept familiar to Americans and RF means Russian Federation .
The World Congress Of Families , again , is an American organization . They plan to hold their 2015 conference in Salt Lake City . Mizulina is their buddy , and she allegedly wants to extract sperm from Vladimir Putin so that women may incubate his babies , which they would then turn over to the government . She reportedly did not detail exactly how she planned to go about procuring the Putin sperm .
Silliness aside , if these reports are true , WCF allies around the world are even scarier than we knew . It 's important to understand that the American anti-gay movement does n't have all that much in common with the Russian anti-gay movement . The main similarity is that they both hate gay people , but their motivations are different . In the United States , they 're theocrats who want to rule in moral superiority over everyone who is n't a straight , white fundamentalist Christian man . In Russia , there 's a distinctly nationalistic bent to the movement . Russia is a nation basically devoid of economic opportunity , and their population is shrinking . They blame gays for this , but they also blame immigrants and anyone who is n't , in their view , truly and purely Russian . They give aid and comfort to neo-Nazi vigilantes who inflame hatred and commit acts of violence against gays . Like many Third World nations , they scapegoat everyone but themselves for their problems .
For context , Mizulina has also said this :
She recently recommended that all remaining Russian Jews consider leaving the country , stating , “ We have enough problems . ”
So again , it 's not just gays . We are curious what the WCF 's Don Feder thinks about that statement , considering the fact that he is an Orthodox Jew .
Again , if these reports are true , while there is obviously a comedic angle to the story , Mizulina 's idea of creating a master race — and eliminating those who are not “ pure ” — is quite evil .
The New York Observer does mention a Russian national who does n't believe the story is true :
At least one Russian national is n't buying it . Mikhail Klikishin told the Observer the story is “ total BS from Ukrainian yellow press . ”
It is difficult to verify information that comes from that part of the world . Russia does n't even understand the concept of a free press . But the Observer gives a bit more context that shows that Mizulina 's sperm extraction bill would fit right in line with her other beliefs and policies :
In the spring of this year , she introduced a bill that banned higher education for young women who had yet to give birth before , presumably because Russian women are waiting too long to repopulate the state . Finally , Ms. Mizoulina also drafted a law prohibiting “ sexual intercourse in the territory of the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol. ” To the certain relief of summering Russians , the law was not adopted .
Nice company you keep , World Congress Of Families , regardless of whether this particular story about Vladimir Putin 's sperm is true .
KANSAS CITY , Missouri . – Not long after Soni Mustivar came to town , he was at a clinic with his new Sporting Kansas City teammates when an autograph-seeker approached .
Both of them were in for a surprise : “ I signed it , ” Mustivar remembers , “ and they said , 'Oh , you 're not C.J . Sapong ? ' ”
Never mind that Sapong is half a head taller than Mustivar , that there 's no real resemblance between the two and that they do n't play the same position . At the time of the clinic , Sapong was n't even with Sporting after being dealt to the Philadelphia Union in the offseason .
Mustivar laughed when he recalled the moment , during a one-on-one conversation with MLSsoccer.com on Thursday . He laughs a lot , actually , and why should n't he ? He 's in a good environment , playing for a team that despite its recent struggles in league play sits one U.S. Open cup final win away from its third trophy in four years .
People know not only who he is , but how important his presence in defensive midfield is to their team . And after missing three games with a strained adductor last month , the 25-year-old Mustivar is playing his way back into top form as Sporting look to halt their five-match winless streak on Friday against FC Dallas ( 7 pm ET , UniMas ) .
“ He seems to be functioning without any hindrance , and I think from game to game he 's getting fitter and fitter again , ” manager Peter Vermes told reporters on Thursday . “ The other piece is that it was a huge task for him to play the last two games he did . I was n't sure he was going to , but having done that and the rest he 's gotten up to this game I think is huge . Hopefully it 's going to be a step in the right direction . ”
That 's good news for Sporting , whose greatest successes under Vermes have come when they 've had a anchor at the base of their midfield : a Julio Cesar , an Uri Rosell , and now the up-and-coming Haitian international .
The three are anything but carbon copies of each other , though .
Julio Cesar , now retired , was a cagy veteran who did n't spend a whole lot of time running but had a knack for knowing just when to make a move to blow up an opposing possession . Rosell , sold to Sporting Clube de Portugal in the middle of the 2014 season , was an interception machine as well , but also a precise distributor .
Mustivar ? He succeeds by being all over the place , as his postmatch heat maps attest .
“ Uri was different in that he was much more involved in coming forward , where the other two guys are a lot more defensive , ” Vermes explains . “ It 's not that one is that much better than the others . The other two have maybe a little bit different tendency than Uri had , but Soni covers the most ground of any guy that we 've had . ”
That 's a good thing for Sporting , if Mustivar can stay healthy and not wear himself out .
“ I think any player that you have , you 're always worried – I would n't say worried ; you 're always checking up on them that they 're not overtrained or putting themselves in harm 's way , ” Vermes said . He 's probably somebody you have to be a little bit more concerned about or maybe check up on a little bit more , just because he does cover a lot more ground in games . ”
It 's a good thing someone else is checking up on him , Mustivar said , because he 's not all that good at doing it himself .
“ I 'm the type of guy that when I 'm on the field , I do n't calculate how much I run , ” he said . “ I just give all I 've got , and then hopefully that helps the team . The coaching staff here have to tie me down sometimes in training , because I want more , more , more . ”
Mustivar comes by that high energy level naturally , which was n't always great for his parents ' piece of mind as he was growing up in France .
“ They lost me at Euro Disney once , ” he said . “ They had to come to the lost child area to find me . ”
That happens , of course . If kids did n't have a tendency to wander off , there would n't be a need for designated places to pick them up . But in Mustivar 's case , it was a regular thing – and it usually happened at high speed .
“ I was the type of kid who was running everywhere , everywhere , ” he said . “ My mother lost me a couple of times in the supermarket . I would see something and just start running . I could n't stop . I could n't stay . I needed to run . ”
From an early age , soccer provided a place for Mustivar to burn off that energy .
“ I had a coach when I was young who said , ' I do n't care if you play bad , if you miss passes , but you need to give everything . I think I 've just kept that on my mind forever . ”
Mustivar made his senior debut in 2008 with hometown side Sporting Club de Bastia , but decided it was time to make a move away from the Corsican club after being loaned to Orleans for the 2010-11 season .
“ I was in my last season at Bastia and things were n't going well for some reason with the coach , ” he said . “ So I had a talk with my agent , and he said , 'Hey , just get out of France and see something else . Some other culture , other football , just something else . ' I believe my agent as my dad , because was with me since I was 11 years old . He was the first to tell me , 'Hey , if you work hard , you 're going to be a professional footballer . ' ”
The “ something else ” turned out to be a three-year stint with Romanian powerhouse FC Petrolul Ploiesti , where Mustivar overcame a rocky start to become not only a key player for the Yellow Wolves , but also their captain .
“ Things did n't go well at the beginning , but I was n't the type of guy to go , ' I do n't like this , no , ' ” Mustivar said . “ I 'm the type of guy who thinks it 's going to be good , and I took the time , and finally I spent three beautiful years in Romania . ”
Mustivar speaks Romanian now – along with French , Creole and English – but he did n't when he was made Petrolul 's captain .
And when he was given the armband , the advice that came along with it was reminiscent of the advice Mustivar got from his youth coach .
OFF TOPIC : MLS Instagram power rankings with Rachel Bonnetta
“ The coach said , ' I do n't care if you do n't speak Romanian , but you model your attitude on the field . That 's why I 'm going to make you captain , because you lead the team with only your attitude on the field , ' ” recalls Mustivar .
“ I 'm not the guy with the skills , the great shot . I think I got my attitude from the academy in Bastia . That 's the first thing you learn there . The coach told me , 'It 's not only technique , only physical . It 's 90 percent mental and 10 percent technique . ' ”
There 's a financial component to the pro game , though , and things were falling apart for Petrolul Ploiesti on that front . The club declared insolvency after the 2014-15 season , and several club officials were detained by authorities on suspicion of tax evasion and money laundering .
“ It was going well , and then we had some problems with the finance , ” Mustivar said . “ Our owner went to jail , and we were n't getting paid . All that stuff ” – he makes a motion like a nose-diving airplane – “ down , down , down . ”
Get all the latest news via SportingKC.com !
Sporting came calling at the right time , Mustivar said , and brought him in late in the preseason . And while he faced a steep curve to get integrated into the club , Mustivar could n't be happier with the move .
“ Peter knows what he 's doing , ” he said . “ If he brought me into the team , he knew I could be a good fit quickly . That was his first word to me : ' I know you 're a good fit for the team , for the way we play . You 're the type of guy we need . ' ”
In turn , Sporting have provided Mustivar with the stability he sought when he left Romania , and he showed the depth of his appreciation over the summer , when he turned down a Gold Cup call-up from Haiti to concentrate on his club development .
“ Everything is great here , ” he said . “ Romania , it was not as professional . Here , there 's no detail you do n't know . Everything you need to know , you know it . For me , it 's really the best conditions to work in . ”
Steve Brisendine covers Sporting Kansas City for MLSsoccer.com .
Open source has become a thing . A big thing . But with so many open source projects around , it is increasingly more difficult to attract contributors . With many of them backed by large corporations like Facebook or Twitter , the battle for volunteer programmers 's time is fierce .
This post is a second in a series of articles about how to build a community around your project . The previous post discussed your project 's audience and how to introduce it to them . This time , we 'll take a look at accessibility .
When a user decides that your project does what they need , they 'll look for instructions how to use it and try to make it work . The pitch succeeded , but the sale is n't closed yet . It 's in your best interest to make the onboarding as simple as possible to avoid losing people on the way . Here 's what you can do :
Make a package
A typical project will come with a series of steps to build and install it . The best ones reduce this sequence into a single action : install a package .
Are you more likely to try a project that you can get up and running with a single sudo apt-get install command or the one where you have to go though the whole cycle of setting up the build environment , installing a lorryload of dependencies and compiling from source ?
Distro-level packages
Your first option is to make an OS package , perhaps for a Linux distribution ( deb , rpm , pacman ) or for OS X using Homebrew . Or you can create a language-level package , if such an option exists for the technology you 're using .
Fedora Package Database : The rpms for Fedora .
Distribution level packages are the most convenient for users , allowing them to install your software from the trusted sources of their distribution . The learning curve is usually pretty steep with up to tens of pages of documentation to go through before you 're able to get the package accepted . But doing the work will bring your project as close as one command away from all the users of the respective OS , which can be well worth the effort with the millions of users that some operating systems have .
Language-level packages
Or you can create a language-level package , if such an option exists for the technology you 're using – like PyPI , Rubygems , npm and such . These tend to be much simpler , often devoid of the tens of pages of documentation you need to go through to get your package accepted into a distro . Depending on your ecosystem , they might even be a better option .
npm : Node Package Manager
Making a language-level package is a must for projects to be used by other developers such as libraries and toolkits . For a Ruby or JS developer , a library that does n't have a gem or npm package probably would n't be the first choice .
Putting your project up on these directories gives you a bit more visibility as well as these usually come with search that programmers use to find useful libraries .
Sometimes , there might be tools or algorithms for converting language-level to distro-level packages , so you might be able to take your language-level package and reuse it in several distributions . For example Debhelper can build your Python app automatically if it comes with a setup.py .
Automated setup script
If packaging is not an option , then provide at least an automated build and install script . As far as ease of use goes , this is pretty much the same to making a package .
Install Homebrew : A single command to rule them all .
Here 's how some other popular projects use setup scripts :
Some people do n't trust these scripts and sometimes rightfully so . You 're on your own here , without a trusted package management tool to back you up . Be extremely careful and make sure than anything you put in the script wo n't damage people 's system or data , particularly when doing things with root permissions . An enraged crowd of people that lost their data to your app is n't the best marketing for it .
Write the flipping manual
Now that users can install your project easily , they 'll want to know how to use it . It 's time to write the user manual ! This by no means needs to be a lengthy document . It should explain the basic interface and highlight any limitations and edge cases . Leave out the technicalities and focus solely on what the user needs to know .
Do n't strive to make it exhaustive right from the beginning . Start with the most important bits and fill the rest in as you go . You can write it up gradually as you 'll be answering questions from new users trying to make use of your project .
The best structure and tools depend on the nature and size of your project . Whether you 're generating it from the source code or writing it all up yourself , the end result should be searchable ( even if you put everything on a single page and use the browser search ) .
Rich Bowen published a great article about writing documentation on Opensource.com earlier this year . Make sure to check it out !
Do n't forget the licence
A major mistake that can hinder the adoption of your project is the lack of an open source licence . Make sure your code comes with one and that it 's been approved by the FSF or OSI . Check out one of my earlier posts on this for further information .
Coming up next
Now that your project is ready to be adopted by users , it 's time to spread the word about it , which will be the topic of the next instalment .
Next post : 3/5 : Spreading the word
We are excited by the news that a new radical social centre opened 6th June in Squat City , Grangegorman named the Violet Autonomous Space ( after Violet Gibson , the Irish woman who once shot at Mussolini ! ) .
Dublin has quite a long history of social spaces , going back at least to 2004 when the Seomra Spraoi project began , but has been without a dedicated social centre since the Barricade Inn closed last year . These kinds of non-profit , autonomous spaces provide an important and welcome contrast to the kinds provided by the capitalist system ( pubs , coffee shops , etc . ) where people tend to be unwelcome unless they have money and are willing to spend it , and those using the space generally have no input into how its run or what goes on there .
The Violet will be autonomous , run by the people who use the centre , and completely separate from the rest of the Grangegorman Squat . As a brand new social centre it 's likely that it needs lots of things to help realise its potential , but what it needs most of all is people . People to get involved and help out , and people to just hang out there and use it as a social space . To start off , the Violet Autonomous Space will be open Mondays from 6 to 10 pm . Why not drop by and check it out .
Tweet
Ca şi la turul unu , diferenţa între primul plasat Dodon şi urmăritoarea lui Maia Sandu s-a îngustat treptat pe măsură ce treceau orele , în noaptea numărării voturilor . In final va fi undeva la 4.5 % , ceea ce înseamnă vreo 70.000 voturi din cele 1.6 milioane exprimate . Este o înfrângere la limită , mare cât o victorie pentru candidata pro UE , în condiţiile în care :
1 . A făcut o campanie cu bani din donaţii , cam cât cheltuie un oligarh într-un weekend în Elveţia .
2 . A făcut o campanie exclusiv pe social media şi mers în teritoriu , cu zero acces la televiziuni ( cu o excepţie ) . Practic , dacă erai cetăţean al Republicii Moldova şi te uitai doar la televizor , nu ştiai că există candidatul Maia Sandu , ci doar , din când în când , o scorpie coruptă şi lesbiană , numa ' bună de aruncat în ea cu crătiţi , tigăi şi apă sfinţită la talkshow .
3 . A avut zero primari . Primarii guvernului au primit ordin pe unitate să tragă în turul doi cu Dodon , desi el în principiu se prezenta drept candidat în opoziţie cu guvernul , anti-UE şi anti-oligarhic .
4 . Moldova are o lege inexplicabilă , fără sens , care limitează votul în diaspora la 3000 oameni / secţie . Aşa încât dacă cele 3000 de buletine se termină , secţia rămâne bine-mersi deschisă încă două , trei sau cinci ore ( ca la Londra ) , dar degeaba . Legea e lege , făcută cu cap , astfel încât degeaba acuzi acum comisia electorală sau Ministerul de Externe – ei se scuză şi nu pot fi traşi la răspundere individual pentru bulibăşeală , ca în România în 2014 .
5 . Moldova are un teritoriu separatist , Transnistria , care nu acceptă să facă parte din Republică decât atunci când vrea ea : de exemplu , când nu plăteşte gazul la Gazprom iar acesta se trece la datoria de stat a Moldovei . La turul unu , n-a făcut parte : oamenii au venit să voteze în secţiile speciale din dreapta Nistrului ( Rezina , Varniţa , etc ) în ritm normal , pe speze proprii , am fost acolo observatori , i-am văzut , am vorbit cu ei ( filmul monitorizarii aici ) . In schimb la turul doi Transnistria a decis că vrea să facă puţin parte din republică , aşa că s-a organizat transport masiv de iobagi la vot , cu microbuze , pe liste de întreprindere . Da , şi în Occident s-au adunat moldovenii ca să meargă la urne mai mulţi într-o maşină pe distanţe mari . Insă trebuie să fii complet idiot ca să compari Occidentul cu Transnistria , acolo unde nu există drepturi , libertăţi şi nu mişcă nimic fără ştirea autorităţilor , care sunt atât de sovieto-paranoice că anchetează oameni pentru spionaj doar fiindcă au dat un telefon la Chişinău .
Ca sa fie clar : o parte din elita politică pretins pro-UE şi pro-România de la Chişinău doar mimeaza ostilitatea cu Tiraspolul . De fapt , au nevoie de aceasta zonă care pretind ca e în afara controlului lor ca sa facă împreună cu băieţii de acolo furturi masive din bănci , sistemul energetic şi , când trebuie , iată , să pună de o mineriadă electorală . De fapt , mulţi politicieni din Chişinău ar fi foarte trişti dacă Transnistria autonomă ar dispărea , într-un fel sau altul ; abureala de acum îi aranjează la perfecţie .
Prin urmare , Maia Sandu a trebuit să lupte în aceste alegeri cu triunghiul galactic , sovieto-oligarhic , format din aparatul de stat ( guvernul ) , opoziţia pro-Moscova ( Dodon ) şi prietenii lor de la Tiraspol , mobilizaţi în turul doi în regim de urgenţă . Marginal , au stat acasă ceva unionişti radicali , care-i reproşau că nu vorbeşte mai mult de unirea rapidă cu România ( deşi Dodon exact cu asta o ataca ) precum şi mica sectă urbană “ mă piş pă el dă vot , toţi aceeaşi mizerie ” ( avem şi noi ) . Insă evident că nu aceştia din urmă au fost factorul decisiv , ci primii : sistemul .
Nu există în Europa recent vreun candidat / mişcare care să fi urcat în mai puţin de un an , cu zero resurse şi acces la media tradiţională , de la nimic la 38 % în primul tur şi 48 % în al doilea . Asta arată că moldovenii s-au occidentalizat la propriu , deşi nu încă majoritar , o parte din ei votând cu picioarele pentru proiectul european . Arată că apropierea de UE funcţionează , că politica de deschidere a UE către Chişinău dă rezultate şi că viitorul este al lor . Cu condiţia ca ţara să fie lăsată în pace să evolueze natural , fără vreun cataclism politic generat din afară .
Dodon a câştigat prezentul şi Transnistria , Maia Sandu a câştigat viitorul şi Europa .
Până atunci , noului preşedinte şi fanilor marelui spaţiu Est , o dedicaţie muzicală : excelenta piesă a lui Vasia Oblomov , care prinde bine atmosfera triunghiului-sistem : la Magadan , blea . Pentru cei care n-aveţi transport aranjat de la Tiraspol , traducerea aici . Dar fimul e atât de bun şi muzica atât de mişto că se înţelege mesajul şi fără traducere , loveşte direct la plex .
Ai informatii despre tema de mai sus ? Poti contribui la o mai buna intelegere a subiectului ? Scrie articolul tau si trimite-l la editor [ at ] contributors.ro
Serbian game developer Ebb Software has officially announced that the new first-person horror video game , Scorn , which is coming out in 2017 . The game is being developed for Windows PC . The game also started its Steam Greenlight community . A new teaser trailer for the game was also released , which you can check out the in the player below .
According to Ebb Software , the game features a combination of gunplay and puzzle solving . Players will be stuck in an environment filled with creatures trying to stop them . What 's interesting is that some of the creatures players encounter will not want to eviscerate them , some will not care one way or the other .
Speaking on the game 's reveal , Ebb Software 's Ljubomir Peklar stated , “ We are trying to create something so unsettling it will make you think about the ideas and themes of the game long after you 've finished playing . ”
Ebb Software claims that all of Scorn 's storytelling will happen in-game without any actual cut-scenes . However , the game is built for everything to have a reason and purpose , so missing something important could be deadly . The game will focus on handcrafted environments .
Advertisement
The developers ' plan for the game is release Scorn in two parts . Part one is entitled DASEIN and is due out in 2017 .
JOSEPH -- An Idaho hunter shot and killed a collared male
from northeastern Oregon 's beleaguered Imnaha pack near Emmett , Idaho , between Boise and the Snake River .
The hunter 's Idaho wolf tag was no longer valid when he killed the Oregon wolf identified as OR-9 on Feb. 2 near a cattle feedlot and winter calving area north of Emmett , said Mike Keckler , spokesman for the
.
The hunter 's wolf tag was good only through 2011 , Keckler said . The department issued a warning , but stopped short of giving him a citation because he received `` incorrect information from a clerk from one of our vendor stores , '' Keckler said .
The hunter was led to believe his 2011 tag was good through the remaining months of the current wolf season , the spokesman said .
OR-9 was born to the alpha female of the Imnaha pack , Oregon 's first wolf pack . He was collared Feb. 26 , 2011 , east of Joseph in the Grouse Creek area when he was about 1 1/2 years old and weighed 90 pounds .
The
said OR-9 left Oregon last July , two months before his Imnaha pack relative -- the more famous OR-7 -- began an epic 730-mile trek west to Crater Lake and then south into California . It was about that time that state wildlife officials handed down a kill order on the Imnaha pack 's alpha male sire and a sibling of OR-7 for attacking cattle . The order remains on hold pending resolution of a lawsuit by conservationists .
Biologists say OR-9 headed east , swam Brownlee Reservoir into Idaho and traveled south toward Weiser , at the edge of the agricultural Treasure Valley . From there , he trotted into the Cuddy Mountains and Sun Devils area , where he stayed into last autumn .
His radio collar , designating him as the ninth wolf collared in Oregon , is being returned to the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife , said Michelle Dennehy , department spokeswoman .
--
Every now and then , everyone has brain farts . You forget how to make change , you misspell the word `` definitely '' or maybe you just wore mismatched socks . But these people all took that to a brand-new level . Maybe I 'm being a little bit harsh , but ... probably not .
1 . No ... just ... no .
2 . That 's not what those are for .
3 . Please stop using the Internet . GO AWAY .
4 . You know , they have a word for that .
5 . That 's NOT what you should have been correcting . Just FYI .
6 . Nice try , dude .
7 . No matter how awful this guy is , the girl who retweeted it is worse .
8 . That 's probably not how you should be using a car wash , but knock yourself out .
9 . This is why other countries hate us .
10 . Oh , sweetie .
11 . Nope , that 's not how that is used .
12 . ... you know what , not lighting up is probably the right decision for this guy .
13 . Please , someone find this girl and make her wear a helmet so she does n't bump into things .
14 . Let 's just pretend her bag accidentally flipped over while she was using it correctly .
15 . I sincerely hope she 's not from the UK .
16 . It 's all about context clues , Dayna .
17 . At least he knew to fall on his own sword .
18 . Tragically , someone who does n't know what `` Benz '' is short for owns a BMW .
19 . It would be funny if she was n't being serious .
20 . No one in their right mind would ever think this is a good idea .
21 . No , they certainly ca n't take that away from him ... because he never did it .
22 . Someone please steal that baby . She clearly is n't interested .
23 . Maybe she just moved to the US . And is four years-old .
24 . She gets an A for effort .
25 . It only took him 1 minute to realize this mistake . This man is a hero ( relative to everyone else on this list , at least ) .
26 . Yep , that 's exactly what it sounds like .
27 . ... Good God .
28 . Posted by the only person on earth still using a Blackberry . Makes sense .
29 . Well , how about that .
30 . Please , oh please , let this be an accidental auto-correct .
My IQ dropped 30 points after seeing that . Now it 's in the negative . Share this with everyone you know . Spread the dumb .
A 12-year-old boy was fatally shot by police after brandishing what turned out to be a replica gun , triggering an investigation into his death and a legislator 's call for such weapons to be brightly colored or bear special markings .
The boy , identified by the medical examiner as Tamir Rice , died from his wounds Sunday , a day after officers responded to an emergency call about someone waving a `` probably fake '' gun at a playground .
Deputy Chief Ed Tomba said one officer fired twice after the boy pulled the fake weapon — which was lacking the orange safety indicator usually found on the muzzle — from his waistband but had not pointed it at police . The boy did not make any verbal threats but grabbed the replica handgun after being told to raise his hands , Tomba said .
`` That 's when the officer fired , '' he said .
The hacktivist group , Anonymous , claimed that it shut down the city of Cleveland 's website in retribution for the shooting , reports The Plain Dealer .
In a video message posted on YouTube , Anonymous charges that an `` untrained rookie officer '' shot Tamir `` in cold blood , '' and asks why the officer did not Taser the child .
`` Police of the United States you will learn in due time once anonymous has shut down your sites that we will not stand for your ignorant untrained rookie cops , '' the message said .
# TangoDown : Anonymous close Cleveland City govt website over 12yo shooting death http : //t.co/FqE4j2hzWw yes , http : //t.co/9lx2l0Fxxr is DOWN — Anonymous ( @ YourAnonNews ) November 24 , 2014
Police described the weapon as an `` airsoft '' type replica that resembled a semi-automatic handgun . The orange safety indicator had been removed , police said .
The two officers involved in the shooting have been placed on administrative leave , which is standard procedure . The Cleveland Plain Dealer reported that the officers are a first-year rookie and a 10-year department veteran .
The police department has collected surveillance video and other evidence and will present it to the county prosecutor 's office , the newspaper said without citing a source . It said after reviewing the evidence prosecutors will present the case to a grand jury , which will decide whether the officer was justified in using force against the boy .
An attorney for the boy 's family , Timothy Kucharski , said Tamir went to the park with friends Saturday afternoon , but he did not know the details of what led to his shooting .
Jeff Follmer , president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen 's Association , said the officers were not told the caller thought the gun might be fake .
State Rep. Alice Reece , a Democrat from Cincinnati and the president of the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus , announced Sunday that she will introduce legislation requiring all BB guns , air rifles and airsoft guns sold in Ohio to be brightly colored or have prominent fluorescent strips .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
`` The shooting of John Crawford III devastated many people in our community and left us looking for answers , '' Reece said in a news release . `` This bill is but one small step in addressing this tragedy and helping to prevent future deadly confrontations with someone who clearly presents little to no immediate threat or danger . With Saturday 's deadly shooting of a 12-year-old in Cleveland , it is becoming crystal clear that we need this law in Ohio . ''
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
After he won the Nobel , Tom Sargent was “ interviewed ” in an ad for Ally bank in which his response was simply ( and correctly ) , “ no. ” The joke is even better than I realized because Sargent has a history of giving very short speeches . In 2007 he gave a graduation speech to Berkeley undergraduates summarizing economics in just 335 words .
It 's a damn fine speech .
I remember how happy I felt when I graduated from Berkeley many years ago . But I thought the graduation speeches were long . I will economize on words .
Economics is organized common sense . Here is a short list of valuable lessons that our beautiful subject teaches .
1 . Many things that are desirable are not feasible .
2 . Individuals and communities face trade-offs .
3 . Other people have more information about their abilities , their efforts ,
and their preferences than you do .
4 . Everyone responds to incentives , including people you want to help . That
is why social safety nets do n't always end up working as intended .
5 . There are tradeoffs between equality and efficiency .
6 . In an equilibrium of a game or an economy , people are satisfied with their
choices . That is why it is difficult for well meaning outsiders to change
things for better or worse .
7 . In the future , you too will respond to incentives . That is why there are
some promises that you 'd like to make but ca n't . No one will believe those
promises because they know that later it will not be in your interest to
deliver . The lesson here is this : before you make a promise , think about
whether you will want to keep it if and when your circumstances change .
This is how you earn a reputation .
8 . Governments and voters respond to incentives too . That is why governments sometimes default on loans and other promises that they have made .
9 . It is feasible for one generation to shift costs to subsequent ones . That is
what national government debts and the U.S. social security system do
( but not the social security system of Singapore ) .
10 . When a government spends , its citizens eventually pay , either today or
tomorrow , either through explicit taxes or implicit ones like inflation .
11 . Most people want other people to pay for public goods and government
transfers ( especially transfers to themselves ) .
12 . Because market prices aggregate traders ' information , it is difficult to forecast stock prices and interest rates and exchange rates .
Eligibility and Applications
Applications must be complete with all required official transcripts and documents received before an applicant will be considered for an admission offer to the Bachelor of Commerce program .
Processing of final admission offers for the Bachelor of Commerce program will continue until the quota has been filled .
All applications to the BCom programs are reviewed for eligibility by the Alberta School of Business Undergraduate Program Office .
Applicants who are not qualified for admission by the June 15 transcript deadline , will not be be assessed for an offer of admission until all qualified and competitive applicants have been admitted to the BCom programs . This includes applicants missing required courses and with lower than competitive GPAs .
If you have questions about setting up a back-up plan for the upcoming academic year , you can contact our Prospective Student Advisor at bcominfo @ ualberta.ca . You can also drop in during the scheduled advising hours for prospective students .
Bear Tracks
Information regarding admission decisions , application status and registration access is available on Bear Tracks . The Application Status page on Bear Tracks allows you to track the entire admission process online , from submission of your application to an admission decision . If your Application Status is PENDING , no official admission decision has been made .
no official admission decision has been made . Bear Tracks will indicate if you have any outstanding required items such as non U of A Transcripts or course descriptions . Please confirm that you have submitted all required items listed on the To-Do List on Bear Tracks . If you are currently attending a college or university within Alberta your institution may automatically send an electronic copy of your transcript to the U of A , please verify Post Secondary Transfer Applicants required documentation . U of A students are not required to submit U of A transcripts . Applicants are responsible for ensuring all required items have been received by the Office of the Registrar . If you have questions about the receipt of your transcripts , please contact the Office of the Registrar at 780.492.3113 .
Make sure your contact information is up to date . You can update your contact information directly on your Bear Tracks account .
If you have difficulties navigating Bear Tracks , please consult the Bear Tracks User Guide .
UAlberta Email
Please continue to check your UAlberta email for admission decisions .
The U of A and the Alberta School of Business use electronic communication through UAlberta email with its students instead of paper resources . Please refer to the Electronic Communications Policy for more information .
You will receive an update to your Bear Tracks account and email correspondence will be sent to your UAlberta email account , including information on your admission offer and your program flow chart .
Next Steps
Once admitted into the BCom program , you will have registration access to business courses through Bear Tracks . Please reference the on-line degree planner in Bear Tracks when making your course selection .
Explore the Bachelor of Commerce Current Student page for up to date information and program information .
Register for BCom Orientation for new students entering into the Bachelor of Commerce Program . Details and information on how to RSVP will be included in your admission email .
For any additional questions or to speak with an Advisor about your admission offer , please refer to the Undergraduate Program Office contact information . Please note that once you are admitted into the Bachelor of Commerce program , you are required to provide two days notice before you are able to see an Advisor .
Faculty Policies and Procedures - U of A Calendar
To keep up to date on policies you should consult the Faculty of the Business section in the U of A Calendar as it is your responsibility to be aware of all Faculty Policies and Procedures .
Admission Processing
February 6 , 2019 update : We are currently processing applications for offers of early admission with conditions . Qualified applicants with a GPA of 3.0 and higher will be admitted . Information on the requirements for an offer of early admission with conditions can be found in the U of A academic calendar .
We thank you in advance for your patience during the admission processing period . Please refrain from contacting the Undergraduate Office by phone or email regarding the status of your application , as this will result in further processing delays . You can track the up-to-date status of your application on Bear Tracks .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
During his confirmation hearing today for the post of ambassador to Russia , former Utah Gov . Jon Huntsman made clear that , unlike President Trump , he believes that Russia interfered in the US election .
“ There is no question , underline no question , that the Russian government interfered in the US election last year , and Moscow continues to meddle in the democratic processes of our friends and allies , ” Huntsman said in his opening statement before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
In January , intelligence agencies issued a report that concluded that Russian president Vladimir Putin had ordered an influence campaign targeting the 2016 US election . Still , President Trump has regularly cast doubt on the existence of Russian election interference . In June he called it “ a big Dem HOAX ! ” and later said “ it could well have been other countries ” that hacked the Democratic National Committee . In his confirmation hearing , Huntsman—who was formally nominated for the Russian ambassadorship by the White House in July—continued to reject Trump 's hedging on this question , reiterating his support for the findings of the intelligence community , and pledging to discuss the matter with Russian officials .
“ It 's a powerful symbol when you get the director of national intelligence , the director of the CIA , the head of the NSA , the head of the FBI , who come together in unison behind their findings . ”
“ It 's a powerful symbol when you get the director of national intelligence , the director of the CIA , the head of the NSA , the head of the FBI , who come together in unison behind their findings , ” Huntsman said . “ As a consumer of their material for some years , I very rarely see them come together in such a coordinated fashion . Of one mind and one conclusion . So I think that expresses where the facts are with respect to Russia 's involvement in our election . ”
Huntsman is an experienced politician and diplomat , having previously served as the ambassador to Singapore , and later to China during the Obama administration . He also ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 .
Later in the hearing , Sen. Chris Murphy ( D-Conn. ) highlighted the contrast between Huntsman 's words and those of the president .
“ Your job will be made very difficult by the fact that you will put pressure on the Russians to stop interfering in our elections and others , while you have a president of the United States who is actively , actively trying to cloud this question and often uses his personal communication device to call it a hoax , ” Sen. Murphy said . “ I just do n't want us to normalize what is happening today—where our diplomats are toeing one line and the president is toeing a completely different one on his Twitter feed . ”
Huntsman did not face many tough questions during his hearing Tuesday—at one point , Sen. Jeff Flake ( R-Ariz. ) and Huntsman discussed the nominee 's daughter 's piano career—and several senators praised his record of public service . He 's expected to sail through the confirmation process and earned the praise of many on the committee , including some Democrats . Sen. Joe Manchin ( D-W.Va. ) called Huntsman “ a tremendous patriot ” and encouraged his colleagues ” to vote unanimously for this outstanding gentleman . ”
The 35th annual Long Beach Grand Prix took place during a hot and sunny weekend with record crowds . All told , six racing series held competitions during April 18th and 19th on the 1.97 mile course that looped through the streets of Long Beach . These included the Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race ( click here for full coverage ) , Tequila Patron American Le Mans series , Team Drifting , Firestone Indy Lights and SPEED World Challenge GT . Tecate , one of the premier sponsors , even held concerts on Friday and Saturday night . In addition , a massive Lifestyle Expo was held showcasing tons of automotive related products and services . A continuing trend was the proliferation of green and eco-friendly motoring with Toyota leading the charge as they showcased their “ Green-Power Prix-View ” with alternative energy cars . Below is a brief recap of the three major races of the weekend – ALMS , Speed GT and Indy Car .
Tequila Patron American Le Mans Series at Long Beach Race
This race was held on Saturday , April 18 , 2009 and featured 4 classes of race car simultaneously on the same track . Purpose-built race cars competed in the Prototype class ( known as P cars ) designated as LMP1 and LMP2 while modified production cars competed in the Grand Touring classes of GT1 and GT2 . Acura , Audi , Mazda ( Lola chassis ) and Peugeot were strong competitors in the LMP1 class ( although Audi and Peugeot sat this one out ) and Acura and Mazda ( Lola chassis ) were competitors in LMP2 class . Chevrolet owns the GT1 class with the Corvette and GT2 shaping up as the place to be with Porsche , Chevy , Dodge , Ferrari , Panoz , BMW and Aston Martin all competing .
The ALMS winners at Long Beach this year were :
LMP1 : Gil de Ferran/Simon Pagenaud ( Acura )
LMP2 : Adrian Fernandez/Luis Diaz ( Acura )
GT1 : Olivie Beretta/Oliver Gavin ( Corvette ) * Final domestic GT1 race , as Corvette moving to GT2 after 24 Hours of Le Mans
GT2 : Patrick Long/Jorg Bergmeister ( Porsche 911 GT3 RSR )
35th Annual Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach IndyCar Race
A little history first… This is the top level of open wheel racing in America . IndyCar got it roots in 1996 when Tony George , the founder of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , created the league to compete against CART as a lower cost alternative . Last year , IndyCar and Champ Car merged to unify open wheel racing with the new series sanctioned by the Indy Racing League . The Chassis are all currently built by Dallara while those from Panoz , Riley & Scott and Falcon Cars have been phased out . As Honda is the sole engine manufacturer through 2010 , IndyCars all use the same 3.5-liter naturally aspirated V8 capable of producing 650 hp ( rev-limited to 10,300 ) rpms . Curb weight is around 1,525 pounds on oval tracks and 1,600 pounds on road courses . The transmission is a 6 speed gearbox with paddle shifters . Steering is handled by operating a manual , rack and pinion based system . Top speed is around 240 mph . This race was held on April 19th , 2009
2009 Long Beach Grand Prix IndyCar Top 10 Finishers :
Dario Franchitti
Will Power
Tony Kanaan
Danica Patrick
Dan Wheldon
Marco Andretti
Helio Castroneves
Raphael Matos
Robert Doornbos
Alex Tagliani
Applied Computer Solutions SCCA SPEED World Challenge GT at Long Beach
This was the final race of the 2009 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach on April 19th , 2009 and was just as exciting as all the others . The SPEED World Challenge GT racing series is sanctioned by the Sports Car Club of America ( SCCA ) and usually involves both touring and grand touring vehicles . Grand Touring cars can be sedans , coupes or convertibles , either rear-wheel or all-wheel drive with between 350 and 550 bhp ( forced induction allowed ) . Touring cars have to be four-seaters that are either front , rear or all-wheel drive with a horsepower range between 240 and 290 bhp from natural aspirated engines up to 2.8 liters ( forced induction allowed only if factory installed ) . Grand Touring cars include the Aston Martin DB9 , Audi RS6 , BMW M3 , Ferrari F430 , Lamborghini Gallardo , Mitsubishi Evo , Pontiac GTO , Volvo S60 , Porsche GT3 , etc . Touring cars include the Acura Integra , Audi A4 , Lexus IS300 , Mazda6 , Scion tC , etc . That said , because of the tight schedule , only the Grand Touring cars were able to run . Each race lasts 50 minutes :
Here are the 2009 Long Beach Speed GT race results :
1 ) Brandon Davis
2 ) Randy Pobst
3 ) Andy Pilgrim
4 ) Michael Galati
5 ) James Sofranas
Source : Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach
10 Most Beautiful Places In Pakistan For Visit
Natural beauty is un matched . Pakistan have world most beautiful places for visit , specially at its best in northern areas of Pakistan and Kashmir region . This part of the country is famous all around the world because of sky high mountains , lush green valleys , mighty rivers , beautiful lakes , and amazing wildlife . The Pradise on Earth ‘ Neelum Valley ' Mini Switzerland ‘ Swat Valley ' and Mountain Kingdom ‘ Hunza valley ' are the major tourist attractions in Pakistan . All these places are real natural beauty of the world . Here is a list of top 10 naturally beautiful places of Pakistan , you will not found these beautiful places all over the world .
1 . Neelum Valley
Muzaffarabad ( The Capital of Azad Kashmir ) . Running through the Lesser Himalaya , the Neelam River valley has excellent scenic beauty , panoramic views , towering hills on both sides of the noisy Neelum river , lush green forests , enchanting streams and attractive surroundings make the valley a dream come true .
Neelum valley is one of most attractive place for tourists due to its famous lush greenery , springs , streams , lakes and hilly and slopy mountains . Some of its famous places like Athmuqam , Kutton Jagran , Karen , Neelum , Ratti Galli , Baboon , Noori top , sharda , sharda fort , Sharda University ( The Oldest University of Sub-Continent ) Halmet , Taobut and many more . Neelam Valley is a 144 km long bow-shaped valley in Azad Kashmir Region . The Valley is situated at the North & North-East of ( The Capital of Azad Kashmir ) . Running through the Lesser Himalaya , the Neelam River valley has excellent scenic beauty , panoramic views , towering hills on both sides of the noisy Neelum river , lush green forests , enchanting streams and attractive surroundings make the valley a dream come true.Neelum valley is one of most attractive place for tourists due to its famous lush greenery , springs , streams , lakes and hilly and slopy mountains . Some of its famous places like , Baboon , , Sharda University ( The Oldest University of Sub-Continent ) Kel , Surgon , and many more .
2 . Hunza Valley
The Hunza Valley is a mountainous valley in the Gilgit–Baltistan region , It was formerly a princely state . The Hunza valley is situated north/west of the Hunza River , at an elevation of around 2,500 metres . The Valley has three Regions – Upper Hunza ( Gojal ) ; Center Hunza and Lower Hunza .
Hunza valley is the most beautiful place to visit and have many places to see . Some of these beautiful places are . Rakaposhi Base Camp ; Diran Base Camp ; Hoper Glacier ; Passue and Gulmit ; Khunjrab Pass ; Atta Abad lake and Nagar valley .
3 . Swat Valley
Swat is a valley and an administrative district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province , Pakistan . It is the upper valley of the Swat River , which rises in the Hindu Kush range .
Swat Valley , Mini Switzerland of Pakistan has many attractions for visiting such as Mahodand Valley & Lake , Natural Ushu Valley & Ushu Forest , Malam Jabba ( Famous ski resort in Swat Valley ) , Madyan , Swat & Kalam Vallies , Bonir , Der and many other naturaly beautiful sites .
4 . Kalash Valley
Kalash Valley is one of the major tourist attractions in Pakistan . This is situated in the Chitral district of Pakistan . This valley has a historic background but its history has controversies . Kelash is actually a very old greek civilization . The people beloning to this civilization are called ‘ The Kelash ' . Belongs to old tribes and have their own religion and culture . This valley has a unique and amazing culture . The People here live in small villages which they built on the hill sides . These villages are at the banks of the streams and rivers . People construct their homes with rough shaped logs . People of Kalash are cheerful , they celebrate many festivals like Uchal Festival , Phoo Festival and Chomos Festival . There are many attractive sites for visting .
5 . Kaghan Valley
The Kaghan Valley is a beautiful valley in the north-east of Mansehra District . It attracts many tourists from not only Pakistan but also from the whole world . Laying in lower Himalayan mountains range , the Kaghan valley , famous for its bewitching splendor and natural beauty , is one of the most charming tourist resorts in scenic Hazara division . There are many beautiful and attractive spots like Shogran , Jared , Naran , Lake Saiful Muluk , Lake Dudipat Sar , Lake Lulu Sar , Babusar Pass and much more to do .
6 . Murree Hills
This is a summer hill station , summer resort and is sitated in Murree , the subdivision of Rawalpindi District and includes the Murree Hills . Murree was the summer capital of the British Raj in the Punjab Province . People from all over the Pakistan wish to go there in summer to enjoy its beauty and in winter season for astonishing experience of snowfall . Bhurban and New Murree ( Patriata ) are amain tourist centre . One of the most favorite tourist point of Murree is Galliat , it has fascinating greenery and scenic beauty that attracts tourist belonging different regions of Asia . Most Popular Picnic Points of Murree Hills are Dunga Gali , Muskpuri Hill , Nathia Gali , Bara Gali and Mall Road .
7 . Shandur Pas
Shandur – The Highest Polo Ground on Earth , is a bout 3738 meters an above sea level and lies midway between Chitral and Gilgit . Each summer a hug event called the Shandur polo festival is organized here , which is a big source of attraction for the tourists . Different come against each other in this freestyle contest . The pass is generally unpopulated and passing through its snow covered slopes in winters is an exceptionally difficult adventure . The polo ground is about 168 Km from the main town Chitral and accessible by jeep . The road is closed during winter due to heavy snow .
8 . Rawalakot
Rawalakot is a town in Azad Kashmir , and is the district headquarters of Poonch Division . It is in a beautiful valley surrounded by hills , which is located 80 km away from Rawalpindi and Islamabad . Rawalakot is a summer visiting point The winters in Rawalakot are cold and chilly . There are many attractions for vistors like Banjosa ; Toli Pir ; Poonch River ; Tatta Pani ; Banjosoa Lake ; Sudhngalli and many more .
9 . Ziarat
Ziarat is the capital of Ziarat District , Balochistan , Pakistan . Ziarat is a famous holiday resort of Balochistan and nearly every trip from Karachi to Quetta stops at Ziarat . Ziarat was the summer residence of the chief commissioner of Baluchistan , and sanatorium for the European troops at Quetta . There is a good water supply , and the hills around are well-wooded and picturesque . A visit to Quetta is incomplete without a trip to Ziarat . Ziarat is a hill station in the Sibi district of the province of Baluchistan . It remains quite cool during summer and receives enough snowfall during the winter .
10 . Jehlum Valley
This is an ideal valley of Azad Kshmir region for both the domestic and international tourists . The curling river Jhelum passes through from East to West between the high green mountains of this valley . This valley has a most beautiful valley “ Leepa Valley ” . This is the most fascinating & loveliest valley in Azad Kashmir . Its lush green rice fields in summer and typical wooden Kashmiri houses present a wonderful view to the people visiting the area . Walnut , Apple , Cherry and honey of Leepa are very popular and in great demand . There are many visting sites like Peerchanasi , Chikar , Chinary , Leepa , Chakothi , Ghari Dopatta , Chokothi Cham-fall and Zilzaal Lake .
Bit by bit , Rumsey digitized his collection -- up to 38,000 maps and other items -- along the way developing software that made it easier for people to explore the maps and 3D objects such as globes online . Today , the Digital Public Library of America announced that Rumsey 's collection would now be available through the DPLA portal , placing the maps into the deeper and broader context of the DPLA 's other holdings .
He could have donated them to the Library of Congress , but Rumsey had even bigger ideas : the Internet . `` With ( some ) institutions , the access you can get is not nearly as much as the Internet might provide , '' Rumsey told Wired more than a decade ago . `` I realized I could reach a much larger audience with the Internet . ''
More than three decades ago , David Rumsey began building a map collection . By the mid-90s he had thousands and thousands of maps to call his own -- and his alone . He wanted to share them with the public .
`` I am very excited to have my digital library of historical maps added to the DPLA , '' Rumsey was quoted as saying in a DPLA press release . `` Maps tell stories that complement texts , images , and other resources found in the growing DPLA library . ''
To see exactly what this means in context , click on any one of the 38,142 results that come from a search for `` David Rumsey . '' Once you 've clicked through to , say , this 1838 globe , you 'll notice a little module on the right ( I 've put a screenshot of it here as well ) that invites you to `` view on timeline . '' Click there and you 'll arrive at a page with all of the DPLA 's other materials from that year .
In addition , Rumsey 's maps will now be available through the DPLA 's API , meaning people who are creating location-based apps will be able to tap into the historical resources of the collection .
The DPLA , as with much of its `` holdings , '' does n't actually hold anything at all -- rather , they use Rumsey 's metadata to make it all searchable and accessible through DP.LA , but when it comes time to look at an object up close , you 'll be linked over the David Rumsey 's own site . It 's not about what the DPLA has so much as how it presents and connects what is already out there . As DPLA executive director Dan Cohen told me earlier this month , `` By bringing them together , I think we 're also in a sense making those collections much more usable . When people come to the website , first of all , they 'll be able to find a lot of content that exists out in smaller archives and collections much more easily . They wo n't have to go to hundreds or thousands of websites to find this amazing , unique scanned content from America 's heritage and , indeed , from the world 's . ''
Top image : A map from Joseph and James Churchman 's 1833 volume `` Rudiments of National Knowledge , Presented To The Youth Of The United States , And To Enquiring Foreigners '' ( David Rumsey/DPLA )
This post originally appeared on The Atlantic .
A tiny species of fish can claim some of the most unenviable of all records .
The so-called Devils hole pupfish survives within one of the driest places in the world , in the heart of the Mojave desert in the US .
Each fish is less than one inch-long ( 2.5cm ) , and perhaps fewer than 50 individuals survive .
Even more remarkably , every member of this species has existed in the wild , since they first appeared thousands of years ago , within an area no bigger than the living room in your house .
Which makes the Devils hole pupfish perhaps the rarest of all fish , the world 's loneliest species , and the most isolated animal species on Earth .
And now scientists believe they have finally established where it came from .
These records have helped make this specific species of pupfish a true scientific and conservation icon .
The fish lives in a single limestone cavern , known as Devils Hole in Nye County , Nevada .
Although the cavern opens to the air , the water inside is not connected to any other source .
How did the Devils Hole pupfish come to live inside Devils Hole ?
Some 15 metres below the cavern 's opening , is a pool of water , within which every wild Devils pupfish has ever lived .
At one end of this pool is a small limestone shelf , measuring just 3 metres by 6 metres . This shelf is the fish 's only known feeding and spawning ground .
As a result , the pupfish has the smallest geographic range of any vertebrate species .
The fish also survives continually harsh conditions ; a constant temperature of 32-33 degrees Celsius , low levels of oxygen , and sporadic changes in water levels .
The fish 's extreme rarity led to it , in 1966 , being one of the first species listed under the original US Endangered Species Preservation Act , and the US Supreme Court once ruled in the fish 's favour , banning the pumping of nearby groundwater , that may have threatened its habitat and existence . That ruling strengthened the legal protection later offered to a range of endangered species .
However , such rarity raises a fundamental question ; how did the Devils Hole pupfish come to live inside Devils Hole ?
Experts have always thought it somehow arrived thousands of years ago , evolving into the unique species it is today .
But doubts have recently been cast on the unique heritage , and therefore iconic status , of the fish .
The fish colonised the limestone cavern far earlier than anyone thought
Studies into the geology of the cave , and appearance of the fish species , led some to suggest that native Indians may have introduced the fish to the cave relatively recently .
Other ideas are that related species of pupfish living in Death Valley may have somehow journeyed overland to colonise the cavern , been carried there by birds , or found a subterranean route in .
Each essentially proposed the Devils Hole pupfish did not deserve its exceptional reputation .
Now an answer is provided by a new study published in the journal Molecular Ecology , by a team of US researchers , led by Ismail Saglam and Michael Miller of the University of California , Davis , US .
They examined the genetic history of the Devils Hole pupfish ( Cyprinodon diabolis ) and compared it to two other closely-related pupfish species , the Owens pupfish ( C. radiosus ) and Ash Meadows Amargosa pupfish ( C. nevadensis mionectes ) , to find out when they diverged .
They were surprised to learn that the Devils Hole pupfish split from the other species 50,000 to 80,000 years ago , more than 40,000 to 60,000 years earlier than previous evidence suggested .
That was also the same time that Devils Hole itself appeared in the desert , 50,000 to 60,000 years ago .
The pupfish population in Devils Hole is on the brink of extinction , with numbers falling to as low as 30
The “ pupfish colonised and have survived in Devils Hole since the cavern opened to the surface , ” say the researchers .
In short , the fish colonised the limestone cavern far earlier than anyone thought .
What 's more , the Devils Hole pupfish and Devils Hole cavern may have appeared at the same time , the fish surviving inside almost immediately after it opened up .
“ The two events , [ the ] colonisation and collapse of the cavern 's roof , could have been caused by a common , yet unidentified , geologic event , ” they suggest .
The new findings have confirmed the rarity and iconic status of the fish , which has survived in complete isolation for sixty millennia .
“ Our results clearly indicate Devils Hole pupfish were isolated in Devils Hole for even longer than the previously assumed 20,000 years ago , most likely since the cavern opened to the surface 60,000 years ago . ”
Conserving an icon
The findings may lend yet more weight to efforts to conserve the species .
“ The fate of the Devils Hole pupfish is far from certain , ” state the scientists in their research paper .
Efforts to breed the fish outside the cavern have been unsuccessful .
“ Today , the pupfish population in Devils Hole is on the brink of extinction , with numbers falling to as low as 30 from sizes around 400 in the 1970s , ” say the researchers , while human demands for fresh water in the region and climate change also threaten its habitat .
Matt Walker is BBC Earth 's editor . He is @ byMJWalker on Twitter .
Join over five million BBC Earth fans by liking us on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter and Instagram .
If you liked this story , sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called `` If You Only Read 6 Things This Week '' . A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future , Earth , Culture , Capital , Travel and Autos , delivered to your inbox every Friday .
Most of the interesting bits of my assembler are finished . For under 500 lines of sparsely commented javascript it already has a good deal of functionality . Highlights include :
18 pseudoinstructions ( chapter 21 in the 2.1 RISC-V spec )
register aliases according to the standard calling convention
data assembler directives ( byte , half , word , string ... )
user defined symbolic constants
Pseudoinstructions
Currently implemented pseudoinstructions are :
nop
li ( load immediate )
mv ( move )
not
neg
seqz ( set equal zero )
snez ( set not equal zero )
sltz ( set less than zero )
sgtz ( set greater than zero )
beqz ( branch if zero )
bnez ( branch not zero )
blez ( branch equal or less than zero )
bgez ( branch equal or greater than zero )
bltz ( branch less than zero )
bgtz ( branch greater than zero )
j ( unconditional jump )
jr ( jump register )
ret ( return )
Register Names
The RISC-V standard calling convention gives a name to each of the 32 GPRs . They are as follows ( this is table 20.2 in the 2.1 spec document ) :
With the exception of the floating point registers ( which risk-vee does n't have ) , each name is predefined for you in RVeA . Implementing this was probably the single largest improvement I have made so far ( although labels are really nice too ) .
Assembler Directives
RVeA supports a handful of assembler directives . They are :
.byte
.half
.word
.string ( a string terminated by a null byte )
.stringu ( as above except unterminated )
.constant ( define a symbolic constant for use in your program )
If you want to tinker around with it you 'll need to grab node.js and then get the assembler from the risk-vee repository . After that assembling things is just a matter of :
node assembler.js whatever.s > whatever.bin
Notice that you have to send the output to a file yourself . At the moment RVeA just spits the assembled code to stdout . Right now it can only generate logisim binary files , but in the future I 'll add options for raw binary output and Fallout 4 compatible files .
Once you have your binary file , right-click on the RAM object in logisim , click load image , select your file , and then enable ticks ( ctrl-k ) .
At some point I 'm sure I 'll get a HiFive 1 . Extending RVeA for compatibility would be the obvious next step at that time . The biggest issue is instruction alignment : in a `` real '' implementation of RISC-V every instruction has to be word-aligned . Due to how risk-vee accesses memory ( serially , a byte at a time ) I 'm not currently enforcing that , but it should just be a matter of tying the bottom two bits of the PC to 0 . Well , that plus some checks for alignment in the assembler .
If you get your hands on a HiFive before you see a post about it here it means that you have one before me . Feel free to send me a message if you 'd like to play around with RVeA and I 'll see what I can do .
New Zealand 's Copyright Tribunal has handed down its second decision under that country 's controversial “ SkyNet ” anti-downloading legislation .
Once again , the tribunal has imposed a fine considerably less than that sought by the country 's music industry lobby , RIANZ ( the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ) . Asked to slap the unnamed 50-year-old defendant with a NZ $ 1,681 penalties , the tribunal instead fined the defendant NZ $ 557 .
His defence was that BitTorrent was downloaded by his children , which seems plausible since the two songs for which he was punished were Coldplay 's Paradise and Kesha 's We are Who We are , according to Stuff .
Under the New Zealand regime , RIANZ notifies an ISP when it believes illegal downloading is taking place . The ISP then sends three notices to the customer . If no acceptable response is received , the case is escalated to the Copyright Tribunal .
The defendant claimed financial difficulties . Most of the fine was in the form of costs and penalties , with a fee of just $ 7.17 to pay for the actual songs .
This case follows a case handed down at the end of January , in which similar fine was imposed for an individual who had downloaded Rhianna 's Man Down and Hot Chelle Ray 's Tonight Tonight .
The New Zealand Herald reports that RIANZ has so far spent NZ $ 250,000 pursuing pirates in that country . Its return so far of NZ $ 1,200 suggests a hot tip at the horse-races would yield a better return .
RIANZ has also told NZ Radio it believes installing a BitTorrent client is proof that an individual is sharing files illegally . ®
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , left , listens to Chechen regional leader Ramzan Kadyrov ( Picture : AP )
Police in Chechnya , southern Russia , have rounded up more than 100 men suspected of being gay and at least three of them have been killed , according to a Russian newspaper .
Novaya Gazeta claimed it had confirmed the information with sources in the Chechen police and government .
Babysitter finally admits to suffocating her son and two other infants in 1980
But the newspaper did n't give any further details .
The claims were denied by Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov 's spokesman , Ali Karimov , who suggested there were no homosexuals in the Muslim-majority region .
‘ It 's impossible to persecute those who are not in the republic , ' he said , according to the state news agency RIA Novosti .
MORE : Former detective believes Madeleine McCann is still alive and wants to help find her
He added : ‘ If such people existed in Chechnya , law enforcement would not have to worry about them , as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return . '
Kadyrov , who is backed by the Russian government , has been accused of violating human rights in Chechnya .
He has heavily promoted Islam in the region and has built Europe 's ‘ biggest mosque ' in Russian republic .
MORE : Outrage after Tampon Tax money used to fund anti-abortion charity
MORE : Man to be deported despite working in the UK for 27 years
A man who killed a pensioner and posted gruesome video of the murder on Facebook killed himself in his car after a police chase , .
Steve Stephens , 37 , had been on the run since he gunned down a stranger , Robert Godwin Snr , 74 , at random on Sunday afternoon in the US city of Cleveland .
In a video on Facebook the suspect boasted of killing more than a dozen other victims , but police say they have not linked him to any other victims or incidents .
In another video he rambled on about breaking up with `` the love of my life '' and admitted losing `` everything '' gambling at a casino .
Mr Godwin , father-of-10 and great-grandfather , was collecting discarded aluminium cans when he was approached and fatally shot in the street .
A $ 50,000 ( £40,000 ) reward was offered for information of his whereabouts .
After two days on the run , Stephens shot himself after being chased by police when he was spotted in a McDonald 's car park .
Members of Lebanon 's Shiite Hezbollah movement salute behind the coffins of three comrades killed in combat in Syria during their funeral in the southern Lebanese city of Nabatieh on Nov. 8 . ( Mahmoud Zayyat/AFP/Getty Images )
Even as Arab countries step up pressure on Hezbollah for its ties to Iran , the Lebanese Shiite militant group has cemented its status as a regional power , projecting military strength beyond Lebanon 's borders and weathering political crises at home .
The group 's rise comes as Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for hegemony in the region , intensifying conflicts from Syria to Yemen . Saudi Arabia sees Hezbollah as Iran 's most potent proxy , and in recent weeks has spearheaded an effort to isolate the movement .
But Hezbollah 's dominant position was made apparent this month in the ongoing saga of Lebanon 's prime minister , Saad Hariri .
According to U.S. and Lebanese officials , Saudi Arabia forced Hariri 's resignation , shattering Lebanon 's coalition government , which included Hezbollah ministers . Saudi Arabia hoped the move would undermine Iran by paving the way for more aggressive action against the Shiite militants , the officials say .
Instead , it rallied Lebanon in support of its prime minister and cast Hezbollah as the stabilizing force . On Wednesday , Hariri announced he was suspending his resignation as he held talks with Lebanese President Michel Aoun .
Now Hezbollah is set to potentially benefit from the turmoil , using its political and military prowess — and vast social networks in Lebanon — to entrench itself further . From its strongholds in southern Lebanon , where it made its name fighting Israeli troops , to the battlefields of Syria , Hezbollah is ascendant , with few ables to challenge it .
Saad al-Hariri , who announced his resignation as Lebanon 's prime minister from Saudi Arabia , arrives to attend a military parade to celebrate the 74th anniversary of Lebanon 's independence in downtown Beirut on Nov. 22 . ( Mohamed Azakir/Reuters )
`` The Saudis hoped that Hariri 's resignation would create an electroshock . . . that the cabinet would be immediately dissolved , and Hezbollah and its allies would have to step down from ministries and other important positions of power , '' said Raphaël Lefèvre , a nonresident scholar at the Carnegie Middle East Center . `` Of course , this never happened . ''
[ Lebanon 's plunge into political crisis raises specter of war with Israel ]
Hezbollah became stronger after the Syrian war began , when it joined forces with Syria 's Iranian-backed government to battle Sunni rebels , he said . `` Its influence in the heart of Lebanon 's security institutions is certainly greater than ever before . ''
A nation of just 6 million , Lebanon is governed through a power-sharing agreement among the country 's main religious groups — Christians , and Sunni and Shiite Muslims . The prime minister is Sunni . The speaker of parliament , a Shiite , and the Christian president are both Hezbollah allies . Hezbollah holds 10 seats in parliament and two cabinet positions .
But the movement also draws strength from outside Lebanon 's formal power structures , where it is at once social provider and political kingmaker , as well as a fearsome nonstate army and Iranian-backed proxy .
Its capabilities arguably eclipse those of the Lebanese Armed Forces , and its social services — from schools to charities and technical assistance to farmers — have cultivated fierce loyalty among Shiites and other communities .
`` Hezbollah thrives of course on its position of being a state within a state , an alternative provider for all kinds of things , '' said Heiko Wimmen , project director for Iraq , Lebanon and Syria at the International Crisis Group , a nonprofit that researches violent conflict .
In times of crisis , when Lebanon 's political institutions are weakened , `` what Hezbollah provides for its constituencies becomes more important , '' he said . `` They are so firmly entrenched in their communities on the one hand , and they are so secure in their position vis-à-vis state institutions on the other . ''
[ Saudis accuse Iran of possible ‘ act of war ' as regional tensions rise ]
As a guerrilla force , Hezbollah traces its origins to Israel 's occupation of southern Lebanon from 1985 to 2000 , when attacks on Israeli troops prompted their eventual withdrawal from Lebanese territory . Hezbollah fought another war with Israel in 2006 — one that ended in a stalemate but raised its status as a capable deterrent force .
But it was the fighting in Syria that catapulted the group to its position as a transnational ­organization with capabilities ­rivaling the region 's armies .
Hezbollah has lost thousands of fighters in Syria , `` but it has also recruited many new members . . . and has gained new skills that turn it from a paramilitary group able to wage guerrilla operations into an actual mini-army , '' Lefèvre said .
It now has its own tank divisions and special-operations units , coordinates with the Syrian and Russian armies in Syria , and leads complex offensives in hostile territories , he said . It also receives a steady flow of cash and weapons from Iran , where ruling Shiite clerics have nurtured Hezbollah 's rise .
As a result , Hezbollah has led offensive operations against Sunni extremists on the Syria-Lebanon border , coordinating with the Lebanese army but also relegating it to the background .
`` Hezbollah was obliged to play this role , because whenever the Lebanese government does n't fulfill its duty to protect the people , somebody has to defend them , '' said Mohammed Obeid , a political analyst who is close to Hezbollah .
In those offensives — in the Lebanese town of Arsal and in the Syrian town of Qalamoun near the border — Hezbollah and Lebanon 's army have expelled al-Qaeda and Islamic State-linked militants .
`` This coordination does n't mean that Hezbollah is controlling the decisions of the Lebanese army , '' Obeid said of the operations . `` But [ the fighting ] is not easy for the Lebanese army . And Hezbollah is everywhere . ''
While it remains popular , particularly in the face of what many Lebanese see as Saudi aggression , Hezbollah needs to maintain nationwide support . The group has billed itself as a defender of all of Lebanon 's communities , and seeks to cultivate Sunni allies inside and outside the government .
Hariri , who is Sunni , has long been a Hezbollah opponent . But when he resigned from his post on Nov. 4 , Hezbollah 's secretary general , Hassan Nasrallah , accused the Saudi government of detaining the embattled premier — and called for his immediate return home .
`` Hezbollah definitely wants Sunni allies , '' Wimmen said . `` The whole outlook of the movement , at least on the surface , is not a sectarian one. ``
In the meantime , even some Lebanese who say they are not affiliated with Hezbollah are still ardent supporters of the group .
`` There are people with Hezbollah for ideological reasons and there are people with Hezbollah because they are protecting us , '' said Bilal Ballout , a credit collection agent from southern Lebanon . `` Lebanese forces are giving as much as they can . But Hezbollah has an army . ''
`` When you get popular power , you get political power , '' he said . `` And Hezbollah gets better and stronger every single day . ''
Suzan Haidamous contributed to this report from Beirut .
Correction : An earlier version of this story misstated the location of the town of Qalamoun . It is in Syria , not Lebanon .
Read more :
Crown Prince gains power after sweeping purge of Saudi officials
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Whether you invest in stocks , bonds or mutual funds , you generally expect that any profits realized from the sale of those securities will be taxed as capital gains at 50 per cent of your marginal tax rate rather than being 100 per cent taxable as business income . But , depending on your particular circumstances , you may be surprised to learn that your trading activity could constitute a business , even if it 's done inside a tax-free savings account .
Under the tax rules , if a TFSA carries on a business then it must pay income tax on its business income . This has been a focus of recent audit and reassessment activities where the Canada Revenue Agency has been targeting taxpayers who actively traded securities in their TFSA .
Last week , at the annual conference of the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners held in Toronto , the CRA was asked to provide an update on the result of its audits and whether it has any plans to educate the public on what the acceptable limits are on securities trading to prevent a TFSA account from being considered to be “ carrying on a business . ”
The CRA said that “ millions of additional taxes have been recovered as a result of audits of TFSAs , ” and referred to a recently-released Income Tax Folio which indicates that “ the determination as to whether a particular taxpayer carries on a particular business is a question of fact that can only be determined following a review of the taxpayer 's particular circumstances . ”
The CRA then quoted its Interpretation Bulletin entitled “ Transactions in Securities , ” which sets out factors developed by the courts that are relevant in determining whether transactions in securities constitute carrying on a business . It concludes that “ as there is nothing unique about TFSAs in the context of securities trading , there is no plan to provide any additional guidance specific to TFSAs . ”
So , what are the factors that must be taken into account when determining whether a taxpayer 's gains from securities constitute carrying on a business ?
The factors that the CRA looks at include : the frequency of the transaction ; the duration of the holdings ; the intention to acquire the securities for resale at a profit ; the nature and quantity of the securities ; and the time spent on the activity .
For an example of how the CRA applies these factors to an individual 's particular circumstances , let 's take a look at the recent case of a taxpayer who found himself arguing for capital gains treatment in the face of a CRA reassessment .
The taxpayer , a certified financial analyst , was the co-head of institutional trading at a Canadian investment firm and an investment industry veteran with over 25 years of experience . He was licensed by securities regulators in several Canadian and U.S. jurisdictions , including as a trader and dealer in securities .
In the first two months of 2009 , he liquidated his holdings in both of his brokerage accounts and converted them to cash . He testified he did this because he originally intended to pay down his mortgage when it was scheduled to renew . Instead , he saw “ an unprecedented opportunity to invest in stocks that met his investment criteria given that the market was considered by many to have bottomed out in its decline during the financial crisis that started to hit the markets in 2008 . ”
In the remaining ten months of 2009 , he bought and sold stocks of 34 issuers costing about $ 2,500,000 , involving 38 purchase transactions and 50 sale transactions , realizing a total gain of about $ 550,000 . His average hold period of stocks was about 50 days and his average return on any particular stock was about 30 per cent .
He testified that he gleaned information on the markets from his day job , even though he did not necessarily need to know this information to do his job . In addition , he estimated he spent about 45 minutes daily reading and watching business and market news . He also followed market analysts and research .
In five cases , he sold his stock positions within the first week of buying them . In ten cases , sales began within 30 days of purchase and in 20 cases , within 60 days . In at least one other case , he started selling the day after he bought – even before his purchase settled – for a gain of less than 1 per cent . In his Canadian account , the longest hold period was 274 days while in his U.S. account , the longest hold period was under 30 days .
The taxpayer reported the $ 550,000 profit on his 2009 personal tax return as a capital gain but was reassessed by the CRA as business income on the basis that the taxpayer was buying and selling securities as either a business activity or as an “ adventure in the nature of trade . ”
In court , the taxpayer testified that his investment strategy has always been to invest in diversified securities that he feels have the potential for 30 per cent returns , including distributions and growth , within what he thinks will be a “ certain reasonable time frame . ”
The judge quoted prior jurisprudence which stated that “ All of these cases turn on their own facts and illustrate the importance of the factual underpinning that supports a finding that a person has crossed the line from investing to trading . ”
Or , as tax law professor Vern Krishna wrote in his monumental tome on tax principles , “ Was the taxpayer intending to trade ( do business ) or invest ( hold property ) ? ”
Weighing all the evidence , the judge concluded that the taxpayer was trading in the securities as a business activity , or , at the very least , was buying and selling the securities as part of an adventure in the nature of trade . He reached this conclusion by considering that the taxpayer 's primary intention when purchasing the securities was to sell them at a profit as soon as a reasonable return could be realized . The taxpayer also spent “ considerable time ” daily monitoring markets beyond what he testified was required for his job . He was buying and selling regularly throughout the year and his holding periods were “ clearly short and often very , very short . ”
As a result , the judge held the taxpayer 's profits to be 100 per cent taxable as business income .
Jamie.Golombek @ cibc.com
Jamie Golombek , CPA , CA , CFP , CLU , TEP is the Managing Director , Tax & Estate Planning with CIBC Wealth Strategies Group in Toronto .
Will Latino voters make Nevada a “ blue state ” in this election , despite a tight race in a state which has seen high unemployment and foreclosures ? Four out of five Latino voters — 78 percent — favor President Barack Obama in a recent Latino Decisions poll , an increase of 9 percent since June . Latino support for the Democratic senatorial and congressional candidates has also increased by 5 percent since June . Moreover , Latinos have increased their enthusiasm for voting in November by 19 percent since June .
David Damore , a political scientist out of the University of Nevada , says the fact that Mitt Romney has not won a single poll in Nevada “ largely lies in the other narrative shaping the 2012 election : how changing demographics are reshaping political competition. ” Latinos account for nearly half the population growth in the state . In 2010 , Latinos organized politically against Republican Senate candidate Sharron Angle , who was running against Senator Harry Reid . Angle put out a campaign ad which showed Hispanic-looking men crossing the border on an ad on terrorists coming through porous borders . Angle had also told Latino students at a high school she did not know they were Hispanic ; since some of them “ looked Asian. ” Latinos mobilized and voted in large numbers for her opponent , Senator Harry Reid , securing his Senate re-election .
Damore argues the mobilization among Latinos to elect Reid “ continues to pay dividends for the Democrats during the 2012 election cycle. ” The Obama campaign , for example , has opened 25 field offices , versus only 11 opened by the Romney campaign . The Democrats have also bought extensive Spanish-language ads .
Republican Senatorial candidate Dean Heller , despite having positions on immigration to the right of Mitt Romney , is doing better among Latinos than Romney . Heller has 26 percent Latino support in the Senate race against Democrat Shelley Berkley , while Romney has 17 percent to Obama 's 78 percent . Damore says part of the reason could be that the Heller campaign is outpacing Berkley 's campaign in Spanish-language ads , many of them featuring Heller 's Spanish-speaking wife .
Damore says Latino demographics alone can not guarantee political change , but it can occur if there is an “ intervening variable — partisan outreach and mobilization , ” which was the case in 2008 and 2010 , when Latinos voted Democratic in large margins , and could happen again in 2012 , if Latino turnout is high for Obama and the Democrats .
Every once in a while , you get wind of a new artist with a bemusing name whose music you decide to peep . Next thing you know , you 're playing it for your co-workers in the office . Before long , people are walking over and want to know what that fire is coming out of your speakers . That 's basically what happened at Complex yesterday as Bobby Shmurda and his song `` Hot Nigga '' went viral in our office .
We first heard about Bobby after this amazing Vine of him tossing his hat and doing the Shmoney Dance started taking off .
Turns out that Vine is a clip from the music video for `` Hot Nigga '' —a video that 's been out since March but recently saw a huge spike in traffic ( likely because of the Vine ) and now has over 450,000 views . Using the beat to Lloyd Banks ' `` Jackpot '' ( produced by Jahlil Beats ) , `` Hot Nigga '' finds Bobby rapping with a controlled menace about how he 's ready to `` gun brawl , '' how his dad is locked up , and how he 's been `` selling crack since like the fifth grade . '' Really the best parts are when he deviates from his elastic flow and lets out a wail ( `` GS for the gun squaaaad '' ) before his flow snaps right back into place .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Bobby 's flow is like is crossing Chicago 's Z Money with Uncle Murda—which does n't feel much like a coincidence . The 20-year-old Bobby hails from East Flatbush , Brooklyn , but his video looks and feels distinctly inspired by Chicago 's drill scene . These are n't shirtless kids waving extended clips at the camera , but Bobby and his friends feel like authentically rowdy New York kids—the kind that get into fights on the train—the same way Chief Keef or Lil Reese represented for Chicago 's youth . However , unlike someone like Keef , Bobby is much more dexterous on the mic .
Bobby 's camp is well aware of the comparison . When we reached out to them for comment , they told us , `` Some people compare it to drill music because they do n't know what to call it , they have to put it in a box , but we call it GS9 music . '' GS9 is the name of Bobby 's crew . Whatever you want to call it , we 're calling it next . Bobby has got a few other songs out on YouTube , like `` Shmoney Dance '' and `` Act Right , '' but neither is as good as `` Hot Nigga . '' But that 's okay , this is just the beginning .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
We 're not the only people who are fans . Brandon Jennings of the Detroit Pistons recently tweeted :
Shmoney dance tonight .... — BRANDON JENNINGS ( @ BrandonJennings ) June 28 , 2014
Obviously , the Shmoney Dance is the movement .
Belgian Audi Club Team WRT has confirmed that Robin Frijns and Jean-Karl Vernay will join the team for the 2015 season , as the Vincent Vosse led squad revealed its lineups at its workshop in Belgium today .
WRT will enter four full-season cars in the Sprint Series and three in the Endurance Series , though it will field an extra second-generation Audi R8 LMS in the Monza and Paul Ricard rounds .
After two years of standing on the sidelines , 2012 Formula Renault 3.5 champ and F1 hopeful Frijns redirected his career in a new direction to end up in GT racing , with the Dutchman also conducted a DTM test for BMW this winter .
Frijns will team up with reigning Blancpain GT champion Laurens Vanthoor in the Sprint and Endurance Series , the No . 1 Audi of the Dutch-speaking duo will be bolstered by Jean-Karl Vernay for the longer endurance races .
Former Peugeot LMP1 reserve driver Vernay will combine his Blancpain Endurance commitments with a campaign in the GT Asia Series , where he 'll drive a Bentley Continental GT3 run by Absolute Racing .
GP2 convert Stéphane Richelmi stays on at WRT after competing in the final three Blancpain races last year . He 'll team up with Stéphane Ortelli , with Frank Stippler joining the Monegasque duo in the Endurance Series .
Stippler will also race in the Sprint Series , but with James Nash as his teammate , the Brit making the switch from BES .
Zandvoort Main Race winner Enzo Ide gets a new copilot in the final sprint car with Christopher Mies , as René Rast focuses on his LMP1 career .
The Belgian squad will also field a car in the Pro-Am Cup of the Endurance Series , driven by Laurent Pasquali , Sacha Bottemanne and Max Koebolt .
The composition of the BES Pro Cup entries will be altered when the teams run the new Audi R8 LMS in the Monza , Paul Ricard and Spa rounds .
Blancpain Sprint Series :
No . 1 Laurens Vanthoor / Robin Frijns
No . 2 Enzo Ide / Christopher Mies
No . 3 Stéphane Ortelli / Stéphane Richelmi
No . 4 Frank Stippler / James Nash
Blancpain Endurance Series :
No . 1 Laurens Vanthoor / Robin Frijns / Jean-Karl Vernay
No . 2 Stéphane Ortelli / Stéphane Richelmi / Frank Stippler
No . 4 Laurent Pasquali / Sacha Bottemanne / Max Koebolt ( Pro-Am Cup )
Additional 2015 Audi R8 LMS GT3
Monza : Nico Müller / Stéphane Ortelli / Frank Stippler
Paul Ricard ( 1000km ) : Laurens Vanthoor / Markus Winkelhock / René Rast
Audi Sport already announced the lineups of the factory supported 2015-spec Audi R8 LMS GT3s for the Nürburgring and Spa 24 Hours at the beginning of this week :
Nürburgring 24 Hours
Christopher Mies/Nico Müller/Edward Sandström/Laurens Vanthoor
Christer Jöns/Pierre Kaffer/Nicki Thiim/Laurens Vanthoor
Total 24 Hours of Spa
René Rast/Laurens Vanthoor/Markus Winkelhock
Nico Müller/Stéphane Ortelli/Frank Stippler
Long-classified section of report raises questions about whether Saudi nationals who were in contact with the hijackers knew what they were planning
The Obama administration has released the long-classified 28 pages of the official congressional report on the 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks , which concerned the alleged ties of the Saudi Arabian government to the 9/11 hijackers .
Publishing the long-awaited pages 13 years after they were first classified , the White House insisted they show no link between Saudi Arabia and the hijackers who carried out the terrorist attacks . The pages put into the public domain the remaining unseen section of the 2002 report , from the joint congressional inquiry into intelligence community activities before and after the 9/11 attacks .
“ This information does not change the assessment of the US government that there 's no evidence that the Saudi government or senior Saudi individuals funded al-Qaida , ” said Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary . “ The number one takeaway from this should be that this administration is committed to transparency even when it comes to sensitive information related to national security . ”
The publication , awaited for 13 years , will not necessarily end speculation around Saudi influence , however .
Declassified documents detail 9/11 commission 's inquiry into Saudi Arabia Read more
The 28 pages show that , according to FBI documents , several numbers found in the phone book of Abu Zubaydah , a senior al-Qaida operative captured in Pakistan in March 2002 who is still being detained at Guantánamo Bay , could be linked , at least indirectly , to phone numbers in the US . Among them was a number “ subscribed to ” by a company in Aspen , Colorado , that managed the residence of the then Saudi ambassador , Bandar bin Sultan .
In addition , according to an FBI document , the phone number of a bodyguard at the Saudi embassy in Washington , “ who some have alleged may be a ” – several words have been redacted – “ was also found in Abu Zubaida 's ( sic ) possession ” .
Zubaydah became the test case for the CIA 's post-9/11 torture program . Waterboarded more than 83 times in one month at a CIA black site in Thailand , Zubaydah was ultimately determined by CIA interrogators not to have yielded reliable intelligence from his abuse .
A recently declassified document from CIA medical personnel judged that he “ probably reached the point of cooperation ” before his torture , even though CIA interrogators , according to the Senate 's 2014 investigation , convinced themselves Zubaydah had actionable and specific intelligence on imminent al-Qaida plots .
Since 2006 , Zubaydah has resided in a classified section of the Guantánamo Bay wartime prison complex . The US has never charged him with any offense ; a 2009 justice department filing contesting his habeas corpus petition walked back the government 's frequent claim that Zubaydah was a senior member of al-Qaida , calling him merely an “ affiliate ” .
The newly declassified section of the congressional inquiry does not draw conclusions about Bandar , let alone accusations of complicity in 9/11 , despite listing known or suspected associations to people once believed to have aided the terrorist attack . At several points its source material , largely derived from the FBI , states that it has closed inquiries or held them in “ abeyance ” , as with the Aspcol connection .
Yet some of the sections of the declassified pages remain withheld . One such section concerns a Saudi navy officer who in March 2000 was in telephonic contact with two of the hijackers . It is unclear if the FBI ultimately found anything relevant on the officer , but the FBI currently does not consider the Saudi Arabian government complicit in the attack .
Former president George W Bush had classified the chapter , part of a bigger 2002 congressional investigation into the 9/11 attacks , to protect intelligence sources and methods and , many believe , to avoid offending Saudi Arabia , an oil-rich US ally .
Later investigations found no evidence that the Saudi government or senior Saudi officials knowingly backed the 19 hijackers , 15 of whom were from Saudi Arabia . But politicians and relatives of victims pushed to get the pages published because of questions over whether Saudi nationals in contact with the hijackers after they arrived in the US knew what they were plotting . Barack Obama ordered a declassification review .
The House intelligence committee voted to reveal the pages but with certain redactions to protect sources . Devin Nunes , chairman of the committee , said : “ I support the administration 's decision to declassify this section of the post-9/11 joint inquiry . Because the information can be released without jeopardising national security , the American people should be able to access it .
“ However , it 's important to note that this section does not put forward vetted conclusions , but rather unverified leads that were later fully investigated by the intelligence community . ”
Saudi officials were 'supporting ' 9/11 hijackers , commission member says Read more
Many of the intelligence community 's findings were included in the 9/11 commission report , he added , as well as in a newly declassified executive summary of a CIA-FBI joint assessment that will soon be released by the director of national intelligence .
Perhaps most intriguingly , the 28 pages reveal that Osama Basnan , whom the documents describe as a supporter of two of the 9/11 hijackers in California , received a cheque from Prince Bandar , the former Saudi ambassador to the US .
“ On at least one occasion , Bassnan received a check directly from Prince Bandar 's account , ” it says . “ According to the FBI , on May 14 , 1998 , Bassnan cashed a check from Bandar in the amount of $ 15,000 . Bassnan 's wife also received at least one check directly from Bandar . ”
Basnan lived across the street from two of the hijackers – Khalid al-Midhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi – in San Diego and told an FBI asset that he had helped them , according to the document . Basnan was allegedly a supporter of al-Qaida mastermind Osama bin Laden and spoke of him “ as if he were a god ” .
Meanwhile Tom Kean and Lee Hamilton , who were chairman and vice-chairman of the 9/11 commission , emphasised that the 28 pages had been written before they started their investigation . “ The 9/11 Commission was created , in part , to finish the work the congressional panel had begun , ” they said in a joint statement .
The 28 pages from 2002 were “ based almost entirely on raw , unvetted material that had come to the FBI ” , they added . “ That material was then written up in FBI files as possible leads for further investigation . As of June 2003 none of these leads had been checked out . The documents are therefore comparable to preliminary law enforcement notes , which are generally covered by grand jury secrecy rules . ”
Kean and Hamilton also noted that last year the 9/11 review commission reviewed the Saudi-related leads in the 28 pages and concluded that , despite the fact that two FBI teams continue to actively investigate the issue , “ there was no new evidence against the Saudi government ” .
Adam Schiff , ranking member of the House intelligence committee , said : “ I hope that the release of these pages , with appropriate redactions necessary to protect our nation 's intelligence sources and methods , will diminish speculation that they contain proof of official Saudi government or senior Saudi official involvement in the 9/11 attacks .
“ The intelligence community and the 9/11 commission , which followed the joint inquiry that produced these so-called 28 pages , investigated the questions they raised and was never able to find sufficient evidence to support them . I know that the release of these pages will not end debate over the issue , but it will quiet rumours over their contents – as is often the case , the reality is less damaging than the uncertainty . ”
Harry Reid , the Democratic leader in the Senate , said he was pleased by the release . “ The American public deserved to see the report 's declassified contents and now they can . ”
Saudi Arabia also welcomed the decision , hoping it would draw a line under the matter . Its ambassador to the US , Abdullah al-Saud , said : “ Since 2002 , the 9/11 commission and several government agencies , including the CIA and the FBI , have investigated the contents of the ‘ 28 pages ' and have confirmed that neither the Saudi government , nor senior Saudi officials , nor any person acting on behalf of the Saudi government provided any support or encouragement for these attacks .
“ We hope the release of these pages will clear up , once and for all , any lingering questions or suspicions about Saudi Arabia 's actions , intentions , or long-term friendship with the United States . ”
As I mentioned last night , Mitt Romney proved himself to be the stupidest person in a very stupid room . And it was n't easy to be the stupidest person in that room because the people we hear on tape questioning Romney were all , let 's say , very slow students of American politics . They are all rich , that 's how they got in that room , that 's how they were they , that 's how they were able to attend that high dollar fundraiser . They 're all people to who much was given . Many of them were surely people like Mitt Romney to whom much was given at birth by rich parents . And they are all people who are bitterly and angrily resentful of any system which requires them to part with anything they 've been given which explains their hatred of taxation .
Like Mitt Romney they lie to themselves and each other about the world they live in . One of the most vile and despicible lies told in that room that night was by the rich , Republican buffoon who told Mitt Romney this
Attendee :
You have Eric Holder , who 's probably the most corrupt attorney general that we 've ever had in -- in -- in American history . And -- I think it 's something that -- that -- if spun the right way and in simple terms , can actually resonate with the American people .
The man who said that began his comments by saying he thought he might be the oldest Republican there because he said , the first campaign he worked in was Barry Goldwater 's campaign . Barry Goldwater 's the Republican who lost the election in 1964 . The next Republican nominee , 4 years later , was Richard Nixon who won the presidency . This is old , and loyal Republican surely helped Nixon 's campaign too . And then this loyal Republican must 've missed his newspaper delivery the day Richard Nixon 's attorney general John Mitchell was indicted for perjury and obstruction of justice . He must have continued to miss his newspaper delivery during John Mitchell 's trial and he must have missed the delivery when John Mitchell was convicted in federal court and sentenced to prison and then served that prison sentence . John Mitchell was steeped in filthy politics before he became Nixon 's attorney general . John Mitchell was Nixon 's campaign manager . And John Mitchell became the first attorney general in the history of the United States to be convicted of a crime but he was not the last .
The next attorney general to be convicted of a crime was the very next man Richard Nixon made attorney general of the United States . So we 've had exactly two attorneys general convicted of crimes , both of them Republicans , both of them appointed by Richard Nixon .
The man at the Romney fundraiser who says he worked on Barry Goldwater 's campaign may very well have known John Mitchell , may very well have known both of the attorney 's general who were convicted of crimes but he still could say , without any correction from the confederacy of dunces in that room , that Eric Holder is , in his words , the most corrupt attorney general that we 've ever had in American history .
The most corrupt .
So in that room of rich Republicans the unique characteristic of Eric Holder as attorney general is that he is the most corrupt of the 82 attorney 's general that we have had in this country .
Eric Holder 's bio is not unlike some of our most distinguished attorney 's general . He attended New York City public schools graduating from the academically demanding Stuyvesant High School where he recieved a regent 's scholarship . He went on to Columbia college and Columbia law school and then went straight to work in the Department of Justice . In 1988 President Ronald Reagan nominated Eric Holder to become a federal judge in the District of Columbia . That 's right , President Reagan . Eric Holder later left that judgeship that Ronald Reagan had given to him in order to serve as the justice department 's chief prosecutor in Washington , D.C . Nothing terribly unusual in that resumeé for an attorney general of the United States , nothing unique . There is only one unique thing about Eric Holder as an attorney general of the United States -- Eric Holder is the first and only , African-American attorney general this country has ever had . That is what is unique about Eric Holder as an attorney general -- he 's black . And every person at the Mitt Romney fundraiser knew that , especially the old Republican who knew all about the criminals , the convicted criminals , that Richard Nixon had as attorney generals -- attorney 's general -- and still insisted to Mitt Romney and everyone in that room that Eric Holder is the most corrupt attorney general that we 've had in American history .
How did Eric Holder get that label , in that room , with those rich Republicans ? Did Eric Holder get that label -- by being attorney general while black ? You do n't want to think that . You want to think better of the people in that room but there was nothing said in that room , not one word spoken in that room by anyone in that room that indicates in any way that those people are better than that . What I clearly heard , from one of the people in that room is shear hatred of Eric Holder . It was a room filled with contempt for 47 % of the American people , that 's over 150 million people , in that room hating one more person was n't hard . In that room , all the rich Republicans and the richest major party candidate in history were not made even slightly uncomfortable by lies and hatred spewed at the first black attorney general of the United States by the party who has given us the most corrupt attorney 's general in history .
Copyright by WHTM - All rights reserved
MARK SCOLFORO , The Associated Press - HARRISBURG , Pa. ( AP ) - A bill to let patients who suffer from a list of ailments obtain marijuana for therapeutic purposes is closer to becoming law after passing the Pennsylvania House of Representatives by a comfortable margin .
The House voted 149 to 43 Wednesday for a proposal that would set standards for growers , dispensaries and physicians .
Patients could take the drug in pill , oil or liquid form , but would n't be able to obtain marijuana they could smoke .
Supporters say it 's a way to help relieve the suffering of sick people .
Opponents argue the Legislature should n't be approving a drug that 's illegal under federal law .
It still needs final approval in the Senate , which passed a similar approach last year .
Democratic Gov . Tom Wolf has urged passage of legalized medical marijuana .
Donald Trump 's administration is spying on journalists who have been handed leaked information , it has been claimed .
The US Justice Department has obtained a legal warrant from the US Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to conduct electronic surveillance on reporters who were known to have published articles based on leaked information , according to the New York Post .
The surveillance is said to be part of the Trump administration 's attempts to clamp down on leaks from within the White House and government departments .
According to the newspaper​ , some in the administration believe the leaks are coming from someone he described as “ a retired , high-ranking military officer who held important posts in the intelligence service ” .
That person was “ getting some of his information from people inside the White House who were holdovers from the Obama administration ” , the columnist claimed .
Those three people are reported to either have been sacked already or are soon to be fired .
The US Justice Department came under fire from the media and some politicians in 2013 after it subpoenaed the phone records of 20 Associated Press journalists , reportedly in an attempt to uncover who had leaked details about a 2012 CIA operation in Yemen .
Associated Press called the act a “ massive and unprecedented intrusion ” into traditional press freedom .
In the middle of the large Chilean Atacama desert , a team of Polish astronomers are patiently monitoring millions of celestial bodies night after night with the help of a modern robotic telescope . In 2013 , the team was surprised when they discovered , in the course of their survey , stars that pulsated much faster than expected . In the following years , the team that included Dr. Marilyn Latour , an astronomer from the Dr. Remeis-Sternwarte Bamberg , the astronomical institute of Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg ( FAU ) , studied these stars in more detail and concluded that they had stumbled upon a new class of variable star .
Many classes of star exhibit variations in brightness . Unlike our Sun , these stars are not stable ; their surface oscillates , meaning that the surface expands and shrinks by a few percent . This is what happens in the case of the more familiar Cepheids and RR Lyrae stars , which have oscillation periods that extend over a few hours to hundreds of days .
The researchers discovered a dozen stars that seemed at first sight to show variations that were very similar to those of the Cepheids and RR Lyrae stars but have much shorter ( 20-40 minutes ) oscillation periods and , at the same time , are much bluer in colour . This indicates that the newly identified stars are hotter and more compact . It was because of these characteristics that it was proposed to give this new class of variable stars the acronym BLAPS , i.e . Blue Large-Amplitude Pulsators . What kind of stars these were , however , remained an enigma .
The nature of the newly discovered stars
For the astronomers , these new stars posed a riddle . At first , they assumed that BLAPs could be hot dwarf stars since they have similar oscillation periods . Hot dwarf stars are old stars approaching the end of their lives . They generate their energy by means of the thermonuclear fusion of helium to form carbon . The Sun , being in an earlier phase of its life , is currently converting hydrogen to helium .
In order to find out whether BLAPs are actually hot dwarfs , the astronomers used two of their largest telescopes to make observations . They were able to capture suitable spectra of some BLAPs using the large Gemini and Magellan telescopes , both located in the Chilean Atacama desert . Latour analysed these spectra using sophisticated physical-numerical models . She was able to show that the variations in luminosity are attributable to temperature changes on the surface of the stars . The temperature of the BLAPs turned out to be five times greater than that of the Sun - something that is characteristic of hot dwarfs .
However , the BLAPs are significantly bigger than hot dwarfs , meaning that they form a new class of stars that are similar to hot dwarfs but have a more bloated envelope than the latter . Why BLAPs oscillate like Cepheids and why they are bloated remain puzzles , as does their origin . Further investigations need to be undertaken to solve the mystery of how BLAPs come into being .
# # #
Subscribe to our newsletter Do n't miss the latest headlines . Sign up for our Daily Digests .
There 's a really cool time-lapse video from the International Space Station bouncing around the interwebs right now . Watch and you 'll see dramatic images of the Northern Lights and a string of lightning storms as the space station swirls around the earth .
Being a bit of a geography buff , though , I ca n't help but try to figure out specific locations based on the lights of different cities . And as the video sweeps across North America , I noticed a couple of “ cities ” that wo n't appear on any maps .
For instance , over Alberta , we can clearly see the oil sands near Fort McMurray :
But then as the video sweeps toward the east , at about 0:34 another strange , enormous “ city ” appears in the middle of nowhere .
What could it be ? Billings ? Saskatoon ? The parking lot of the Super K-Mart in Glendive ?
As we move further east , more familiar locations appear , revealing our mystery “ city. ” It 's the lights from the Bakken oil field in North Dakota ( and probably a fair amount of natural gas flares as well ) .
There have been numerous stories about the scope and impact of oil development in North Dakota . But none put it in quite such stark terms as this image .
NEW DELHI : The government 's work order for highway expansion has shot up by 122 % during the first three years of Modi government and the pace of construction has gone up by 25 % , according to data released by the road transport and highways ministry During 2011-2014 , daily highway construction was about 13 m in comparison to 17 m during the three years ' of Modi government.The acceleration in award of works to road builders — over 11,000 km on an average in the past three years against only 5,000 during UPA 's corresponding period — has significance considering that this will translate into actual construction of roads by April 2019 when the government faces election.It is expected that by 2019 , the government will be in a position to achieve more than 30km of highway construction per day , a source said.Highways minister Nitin Gadkari has set the target of pushing daily highway construction to 41km.Highway development is considered one of the biggest job generators and increased road connectivity has been recognised as a major contributor to economic activities even in the hinterlands.However , for the current financial year , the government has set the target of awarding at least 30 % of highway projects on public private partnership ( PPP ) . Last year only 17 % projects were bid out on PPP mode.Similarly , shipping ministry data show high increase in capacity of 12 major ports under government from 745 million tonnes in 2012-13 to 1,065 million tonnes in 2016-17.The total cargo handled at all these ports have also increased from 570 million tonnes in 2011-12 to 648 million tonnes during the last financial year.Officials said there has been a greater cohesive planning in the road , rail , shipping and waterways sectors to improve connectivity , which was missing during the earlier government.Target for smart tags The government has set the target of a three-fold increase in installation of FASTags in vehicles in the next one year . Till March end , about 4.1 lakh such tags have been fixed in vehicles , which allow these vehicles to pass through toll plazas on highways without waiting at toll gates.At a meeting chaired by PM Narendra Modi earlier this month , the roads ministry has been asked to increase it to 15 lakh by April 2018 and 25 lakh by 2020 .
Liam Fox said his new department would focus on a “ GDP map of the world ” instead of the capital cities and diplomacy Gareth Fuller/Press Association
Liam Fox has reignited his row with the Foreign Office , suggesting the department has a “ cartographer 's view of the world ” and is too interested in politics at the expense of trade .
In his speech to Tory activists , Dr Fox dismissed the “ Foreign Office view of the world ” for focusing on capital cities and diplomacy rather than commerce .
He vowed that his new Department for International Trade would instead “ look at the GDP map of the world ” — noting that the city of Los Angeles had higher gross domestic product than the whole of Saudi Arabia . “ We have to start to think about [ the world ] in a totally different way , ” he told the Conservative Way Forward reception .
“ We 've got to change from the cartographer 's view of…
Greek banks are close to collapse , even if a new bail-out programme is agreed soon . The deterioration of the economy means that their fragile capital position is deteriorating further . In this CEPS Commentary , Daniel Gros observes that any new programme needs to include recapitalisation , comprising possibly a bail-in and restructuring to get the banking system working again . With only a small part of the assets unencumbered and a government with empty pockets , the depositors might have to take a large part of the burden . As private investors are unlikely to participate in a recapitalisation , foreign official funds will be needed . A direct equity investment by the EIB or the EBRD could be used to transfer control rights , and special ESM bonds could be used to provide additional capital without entailing additional risk to the creditors .
Daniel Gros is Director of CEPS . Willem Pieter De Groen is Research Fellow in the Economy and Finance research area at CEPS .
In this finale of a six-part series , Globe and Mail Africa correspondent Geoffrey York investigates how Africa 's growth is changing its future .
Within sight of the biggest gold mine in Burkina Faso , hundreds of children are slipping silently into starvation .
They live in flimsy wattle or mud huts in a scrub wasteland . They help their parents scrounge for flecks of gold in the sand . And every month , hundreds are so malnourished that they need emergency food at the village clinic – just a short walk from the perimeter of the massive high-tech gold mine , owned by a Canadian company .
Story continues below advertisement
I 've seen the same contrasts and inequities across Africa : poverty and hunger in the shadow of gleaming new mines and plantations ; luxury hotel towers rising near crowded slums ; villagers gaining jobs from multinational projects while others lose their land ; local entrepreneurs capitalizing on the economic growth even as most of the profits go to foreign shareholders .
Today 's investment boom is Africa 's biggest opportunity in decades , but will it seize the moment or squander it ? Some African countries are getting it right and there are lessons to be drawn from their successes .
Lesson 1 : Use your resources to create new industries
On the outskirts of Gaborone , visitors enter the ultra-modern Diamond Trading Company through a series of airlock-like security doors . The sorting floor is watched by 500 cameras , capable of zooming in on the smallest diamond that the 100 sorters are handling . `` This is the safest building in the world – safer than the Pentagon , '' says Kago Mmopi , corporate affairs manager at the trading company . `` Theft is almost non-existent . ''
The high-tech building is just one example of how Botswana has exploited its mineral resources to create thousands of jobs in gem processing . This small semi-desert country , with just two million inhabitants , is aiming to turn itself into a new version of Antwerp or Tel Aviv : a diamond hub where rough stones are turned into polished gems , to the benefit of the local economy .
When it gained independence in 1966 , Botswana was one of the world 's poorest countries . Over the next three decades , as a result of massive diamond deposits , it became one of the fastest-growing countries in the world , expanding at 9 per cent annually . But its government realized that the growth would vanish if it did n't figure out a way to move beyond a rudimentary mining sector .
Beginning in 2006 , Botswana has been insisting on a bigger share of the processing industry , which was traditionally based in Europe and India . Today , after intense negotiations with diamond producer De Beers , there are 21 diamond factories and more than 3,200 processing jobs in Botswana . The government holds a 50-per-cent share of the new trading company and De Beers is transferring its rough-stone sorting and trading division from London to Gaborone .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Lesson 2 : Keep it transparent and democratic
Last year , Iamgold Corp. paid more than $ 100-million to Burkina Faso in taxes and royalties – part of a dramatic rise in the government 's mining revenue in the past three years . Yet corruption is widespread in Burkina Faso and the same regime has ruled the country since a military coup in 1987 . What it does with its revenue is often opaque .
Burkina Faso could learn from the more inspiring example of Ghana , the second-biggest gold producer in Africa and now an oil producer as well , forecast to receive $ 1-billion in annual oil-export revenue over the next 20 years .
Ghana is considered one of the less corrupt countries in Africa , with relatively strong institutions , a vibrant democracy and a degree of transparency in its mining and oil revenue . It has published all of its oil contracts on a government website for anyone to see . It benefits from a vigorous civil-society movement , which acts as a watchdog on the government . And , not completely coincidentally , Ghana has become one of the fastest-growing economies in the world , reaching the status of a middle-income country last year .
Many other African countries have discovered oil or natural gas in recent years and there is growing awareness of the need for transparency in their resource deals . More than 20 African countries have joined – or applied to join – the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative , which requires them to publish their resource revenues and submit them to an independent monitor . It 's a key step for reducing corruption and ensuring that Africans finally benefit from their own resources .
Lesson 3 : Put the people first
Story continues below advertisement
One of the world 's biggest coal-and-gas booms is taking place in one of the world 's least-developed countries . An estimated $ 50-billion in foreign investment will flow into Mozambique 's offshore gas fields over the coming decade , producing up to $ 400-billion in revenue over the next 40 years . Mozambique also contains some of the world 's biggest untapped coal reserves , generating billions more in investment by mining companies .
Yet little of this bonanza is helping ordinary Mozambicans . Corruption and poverty are widespread . Most people earn less than a dollar a day and 60 per cent are unemployed .
The discontent is growing . When about 1,000 families were relocated to make room for a $ 1.7-billion coal mine in northern Mozambique , they were angered by the cracked walls of their new homes and the lack of water , electricity and farmland at their new site . Early this year , they rose up in protest , barricading a railway and clashing violently with police .
Last month , the government introduced new rules to require the mining and gas companies to give enough land and infrastructure to every relocated community – or face the loss of their operating licences and potential fines of up to $ 175,000 . Civil-society activists say it does n't go far enough , but it 's a step in the right direction .
United Nations experts , meanwhile , are quietly lobbying the Mozambique government to improve its mining and tax laws and its management of its resource revenue , learning from models such as Botswana . And they are urging the government to protect the rights of affected communities and to invest a bigger share of its resource profits in health and education .
Lesson 4 : Take advantage of your strengths
Story continues below advertisement
Most African countries have struggled to create a full system of telephone land lines to serve their people . But , paradoxically , this weakness has produced a new strength : mobile technology . There are more than 700 million cellphone subscribers in Africa today , with the number surging by 20 per cent annually , and Africa has become a world leader in mobile banking .
In Kenya , about 19 million people ( nearly half of the population ) are using mobile money – primarily a system called M-Pesa , a phenomenally popular technology for paying bills and sending money through ordinary cellphones .
Now the technology is shifting down to remote villages and isolated farmers .
In Uganda , the microfinance-focused Grameen Foundation is reaching more than 70,000 farmers through their cellphones , sending them crucial agricultural information such as market prices , weather reports and expert tips on how to treat animal diseases .
By the end of this year , the program aims to reach 250,000 farmers – most of whom are earning less than $ 2 a day . Similar projects , called iCow and M-Farm , are helping farmers in Kenya . And many more innovations are churned out every week in technology laboratories in Nairobi and across the continent .
I made decision on Saturday morning that I was going to buy the new Pokémon game . Why ? Well it was a mixture of curiosity , nostalgia and some very flattering reviews .
I wanted to get to EB Games early so that I would n't have to buy the game in front of a million children . My reason behind that is that I do n't want kids to think its ok for a grown man to play Pokémon . I mean , it 's totally being fine for a grown man to play Pokémon , but I do n't want them to know that . It will only lead to problems for them in the future .
Anyways , I made my way into the store and there were a few kids buying games so I had a quick look around . I could n't find Pokémon anywhere on the shelves ; I figured that it must be behind the counter . After the kids finished , I sidled up to the side of the counter and asked the clerk very secretively whether or not they had Pokémon White in stock . He looked around , as if sensing my need for secrecy , and assured me he had it . I walked to the front of the counter and pulled out my wallet ; he pulled the game out from the drawer flashed it to me , and then slid it beneath some papers . He 'd done this before , or he was a spy ; I had n't decided which .
I attempted to pay with my Pre-Paid American express ; there would be no way to track that purchase back to me . It got declined . I quickly phoned customer support . They explained that when I attempted to use it at a restaurant it had been authorized for way more than the bill . Pre-Paid was out of the equation . I decided that I would just pay for it on debit and get out as quickly as possible . Pin error . Elaina had used my debit card the previous night and had put the wrong pin in . This was of course the last of the allocated wrong pins before my card froze . The card was useless until I changed the pin at an ATM . Balls . I finally was able to pay for the game with my credit card . Luckily there was still no one in the store but the clerks and myself . The female clerk did not seem entirely impressed with our antics . She likened the whole process to that of buying cocaine . I do n't entirely disagree . Only this White substance will last me many more hours of enjoyment then cocaine . Get it ? Cuz I bought Pokémon White . As I was leaving the store I could hear the male clerk quietly singing to me . “ I want to be the very best , like no one ever was… ”
If you have some time , and you would n't mind taking a quick survey I would appreciate it greatly . I 'm doing some data collection in regards to the possibility of opening a brewpub . Thanks . http : //www.surveymonkey.com/s/6Q65TMS
Advertisements
Japan Airlines Flight 351 was hijacked by nine members of the Japanese Communist League-Red Army Faction ( a predecessor of the Japanese Red Army ) on March 31 , 1970 , while flying from Tokyo to Fukuoka , in an incident usually referred to in Japanese as the Yodogo Hijacking ( よど号ハイジャック事件 , Yodogō Haijakku Jiken ) .
Hijacking [ edit ]
Armed with samurai swords and pipe bombs , [ 1 ] the hijackers took 129 hostages ( 122 passengers and seven crew members ) , later releasing them at Fukuoka Airport and Seoul 's Gimpo Airport ( after an abortive attempt to disguise the airport as North Korean ) . They then proceeded to Pyongyang 's Mirim Airport , with Japan 's Transport Minister now as hostage , where they surrendered to North Korean authorities , who offered the whole group asylum . The hijackers ' motive was to defect to North Korea . [ 2 ] Using North Korea as a base , they thought they could promote rebellion in South Korea and elsewhere across East Asia . [ citation needed ]
Later events [ edit ]
The alleged mastermind of the hijacking , who did not take part in the actual operation , was Takaya Shiomi . Shiomi was arrested , convicted , and served almost 20 years in prison in Japan . After his release in 1989 , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] suffering from poor health , Shiomi obtained a lowly paid [ 3 ] job as an attendant at a multi-level parking facility in Kiyose , Tokyo , where he was working as late as 2008 . [ 5 ] He mentioned that they were supposed to go to Cuba in the first place . [ 1 ] He joined an antibase movement in Okinawa and an antinuclear campaign , and wrote several books related to the Red Army Faction . [ 4 ] In April 2015 , he ran in the city assembly elections in Kiyose , campaigning on an anti-Abe platform and against the city 's policies which are `` bullying '' the elderly . [ 3 ] He died on November 14 , 2017 of heart failure at a Tokyo hospital . [ 4 ]
Moriaki Wakabayashi was an early member ( bass player ) in the long-running avant-garde rock band Les Rallizes Dénudés . In a March 2010 interview with Kyodo News , Wakabayashi stated that the hijacking was a `` selfish and conceited '' act . Wakabayashi added that he wished to return to Japan and was willing to face arrest and trial for his role in the hijacking . [ 6 ] In April 2014 he was still alive , and residing in North Korea together with other members of his group . [ 7 ]
In 1985 , Yasuhiro Shibata returned to Japan in secret to raise money for the group , was arrested , and was sentenced to five years in prison . Yoshimi Tanaka was arrested in Thailand with a large amount of counterfeit money and repatriated to Japan in March 2000 , where he was sentenced ; he died before its completion . However , the other hijackers remain at large , according to Japan 's National Police Agency . [ 8 ]
The leader of the group , Takamaro Tamiya , died in 1995 and Yoshida Kintaro sometime before 1985 . Takeshi Okamoto and his wife Kimiko Fukudome were probably killed trying to flee North Korea . [ 9 ] Takahiro Konishi , Shiro Akagi , Kimihuro Uomoto and Moriaki Wakabayashi still reside in North Korea ; all except Takeshi Okamoto were confirmed to have been alive as of 2004 when they were interviewed by Kyodo News . In June 2004 , the remaining hijackers made a request to North Korean authorities that they be allowed to return to Japan , even if they are to be punished for the hijacking . [ 8 ]
Notable passengers [ edit ]
The future Roman Catholic Archbishop and Cardinal Stephen Fumio Hamao was one of the passengers on the flight . Japanese pop singer Mita Akira was also on the flight , as was Shigeaki Hinohara . Hinohara was one of the world 's longest-serving physicians and educators . [ 10 ]
See also [ edit ]
Hollywood , like the Main Stream Media , exists to tell us pretty lies . Most films are overwhelmingly biased towards the Left . When it comes to immigration , they will usually give us sob stories about immigrants with hearts of gold victimized by evil white racist Amerikkan oppressors . And when it comes to children 's films , we usually get a syrupy sweet story about how We Are Really All The Same and how children should learn to celebrate differences .
`` Angry Birds '' is not a film like that . Based on the popular game for cell phones , `` Angry Birds '' is actually a cautionary tale about # refugeeswelcome . A group of happy , decadent , flightless birds live peaceably on an island . Red , a bird with some anger issues , does n't really fit in with everyone else . And his alienation becomes especially acute when a group of pigs arrives at the island . While Red is suspicious , the rest of the birds are delighted and savagely turn on Red for `` bringing shame '' on the birds though his caution .
As it turns out , the pigs are only at the island to eat the eggs of the birds . Using explosives ( much like another group of refugees , one which really does n't like pork ) , they blow up the houses of the birds and steal the eggs . Red suddenly finds himself thrust from outcast to leader and rouses the birds to a righteous fury . `` We used to be dinosaurs ! '' he cries . The birds launch a furious attack , launching themselves at the pigs ' castle with giant slingshots . With the help of a legendary hero named `` Mighty Eagle '' ( who has seen better days and which some reviewers think is a stand in for a declining United States ) , they reclaim their eggs , and leave the enemy city in flames .
There 's no moment where the two tribes learn that they actually are the same . They are just enemies . Good guys win , bad guys lose , and we have a few laughs along the way .
Of course , it 's just a children 's movie so I might be reading way , way too much into this . But the Left evidently feels the same way . There have been a spate of negative reviews about `` Angry Birds , '' with the film 's politics serving as a focal point .
The Angry Birds Movie is both the equivalent of a screaming five-year-old and a regressive piece of American propaganda . Out of all the films I 've seen this year , this is the one I least expected to have an anti-immigration and an eye for an eye message underneath it . But it 's actually happened . Angry Birds is now a metaphor for the September 11 terrorist attacks ... [ T ] he film is also politically dubious and set on a message that is n't appropriate for children or clear-minded adults . [ The Angry Birds Movie - Film Review , by Damien Straker , Impulse Gamer , May 8 , 2016 ]
LOL .
`` Angry Birds '' is funny , entertaining , and best of all , right wing and hated by SJWs . It 's PG , so it might be a bit too edgy for very small children , but if you are ok with that , take your kids to see it today !
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya was granted bail three hours after he was arrested in London ( File photo )
There is something pathological about how we report and respond to news these days . Whatever may have happened , even if relatively routine and predictable , is presented as one of three or four narratives , mostly to do with Narendra Modi.This was particularly visible in the amusing series of events that occurred when Vijay Mallya was arrested yesterday for fraud in England . Some reporters tweeted , to general acclaim , that he was about to be `` handed over to India '' . Various open , surreptitious , or aspiring members of the BJP declared that this was a sign of Narendra Modi 's strength , universal popularity , and incomparable knowledge of the British judicial system . Ministers declared that it was a great victory for Modi , of course , but also their ministry in particular somehow . Meanwhile , those unsympathetic to Modi wondered warily how precisely to respond to this news without sounding sympathetic to Vijay Mallya , another indication of how poor the narrative-building of the Opposition has been . Oh , and the three people still left in the Congress sought to give the credit to Rahul Gandhi . ( I 'm not making this up - some people tried to point out that he kept on mentioning Vijay Mallya 's name at rallies , and claimed that Mallya himself blamed the opposition for demonising him . ) All this noise for a story that , in the end , was revealed to be farcical and predictable . Mallya was granted bail with the promptness one expects from the people who invented habeas corpus . He then stepped out of the court and promptly - showing all the crowd-pleasing instinct that made him briefly the King of Good Times - tweeted that it was all a bit of hype from that crazy Indian media , and all that had happened was that a long-predicted extradition process had begun.It was particularly galling that Mallya was on this occasion right . A note requesting Mallya 's extradition had been sent months ago to Whitehall , and had been certified by the Home Secretary and delivered to the Westminister Magistrates ' Court weeks ago . The Ministry of External Affairs said as much in its daily press conference on March 24 ; Mallya was bound to be briefly and procedurally arrested after that . The real question of whether his extradition will succeed does not depend on this process as such ; it depends on whether the government makes the case sufficiently well in the extradition hearing . It will have to focus there on claims of fraud rather than on walking out on investors . This will not be easy , and Mallya is unsurprisingly still looking confident.Just to be clear on how difficult the process has been till now : the UK-India extradition treaty came into force in 1992 , and the first reported extradition order was signed by the Home Secretary Amber Rudd last year . That 's right - last year , 2016 , 24 years after the treaty . Plus , and this is important , the person being extradited , Samir Patel , did not contest the extradition ( which Mallya will , noisily ) . We do n't know why he did n't . Patel was facing charges of rioting in Gujarat in 2002 , had escaped to Hounslow , but was now suddenly and mysteriously quite willing to come back - make of that what you will.This is not to say that the government can not try to claim some credit if it wishes ; clearly , the original extradition request was competently enough framed to satisfy a British district judge - not always certain , given the competence of the Indian government . And the Opposition can clearly keep on reminding people that it was this government , not the previous one , that let the BJP-supported then-Rajya Sabha MP out of the country in the first place . The Central Bureau of Investigation actually changed the look-out notice it had posted for Mallya at airports from `` do n't let him leave '' to `` send us a postcard by regular mail if you happen to see him skipping town '' . Certainly , nobody has been held to account for that mistake - if it was a mistake.Mallya 's extradition case will be messy , and it is absurd to declare victory so soon . Just to point out exactly how tough these cases can be , consider the case of `` Tiger '' Hanif , accused of complicity in the 1993 Surat bomb blasts , and supposedly an associate of Dawood Ibrahim . Hanif was arrested in Manchester in 2010 ; and his case has worked its way through the courts to land eventually on Theresa May 's desk when she was Home Secretary . May did n't sign it , although a high court judge had already declared there was `` no arguable basis '' against his extradition . Nor did the woman May appointed as her successor when she herself was elevated to Number 10 . If `` Tough on Crime , Muslims and Immigrants '' Theresa May dithered over throwing a bearded chap nicknamed `` Tiger '' out of the country , Mallya might be there for a long while yet.Which brings us back to the breathlessness of the whole thing . Since 2014 , we have been so inundated with this government praising itself that we do not know how to respond to even the most incremental news in any way other than ecstatic or dismissive . This is a real problem - because it means that we lose sight of the real , sustained pressure , legal and diplomatic , that cases like Mallya require . The Indian government did something marginally competent , and let 's praise it for that . And let 's hold back on all the remaining praise until they show they can keep it up for long enough to get Mallya back here and facing an Indian judge . ( Mihir Swarup Sharma is a fellow at the Observer Research Foundation . )
Two Red Panda cubs , one male and one female , were born at the WCS 's ( Wildlife Conservation Society ) Prospect Park Zoo this summer and have made their public debut .
Photo Credits : Julie Larsen Maher / WCS
WCS has a successful history breeding Red Pandas at the Bronx , Central Park , and Prospect Park Zoos as part of the Species Survival Plan , a cooperative breeding program administered by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums designed to enhance the genetic viability and demographic stability of animal populations in accredited zoos .
The Red Pandas at the Prospect Park Zoo , in Brooklyn NY , are a subspecies from the eastern portion of the Himalayas , known as Styan 's Red Panda ( Ailurus fulgens styani ) . Their native habitat is , more specifically , southern China and northern Burma . The subspecies at the Bronx Zoo and Central Park Zoo -- -Western Red Panda ( Ailurus fulgens fulgens ) -- -is found in the western part of their Himalayan range , particularly Nepal , Assam , Sikkim , and Bhutan .
Styan 's Red Panda has been distinguished in some studies as having a longer winter coat , bigger skull , more strongly curved forehead , and darker coloring than the Western Red Panda .
Female Red Pandas are only fertile for just one day a year and can delay implantation until conditions are favorable . They give birth to between one and four young at a time , and the cubs are born with pale fluffy fur , which becomes coarser and darkens to the distinctive red coloration of the adults over the first three months . The cubs reach adulthood at around 18 months .
Red Pandas have an adaptation on their wrists that acts much like a thumb and enables them to grasp food items like bamboo as well as tree branches .
Red Pandas are listed as “ Endangered ” by the International Union of Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) due to habitat loss caused by deforestation for timber , fuel and agricultural use . Despite international efforts , their population in the wild has plausibly declined by 50 % over the last three generations ( about 18 years ) .
WCS works in China and Myanmar to help save Red Pandas and other Asian wildlife .
You might not think about the Fourth Amendment while you 're using Facebook and other online tools , but you probably should .
You are no doubt familiar , now , with Facebook 's concept of `` frictionless sharing . '' You enable a social reader like the one from the Washington Post and the next time you read an article on the site , news of that textual encounter is broadcast to your Facebook friends .
It is so easy . It seems so simple . But it could also create a fundamental shift in the way that judges view people 's expectations of privacy online .
That 's the argument that Margot Kaminski , the executive director of Yale 's Information Society Project ( and sometime Atlantic contributor ) , makes in an intriguing new article in Wake Forest Law Review .
In Fourth Amendment cases , the Supreme Court has to determine what `` a reasonable expectation of privacy '' actually is . If you do have that expectation of privacy , then the government needs a warrant to look into your communications . So , if you go out in the public street and shout to the world that you committed a crime , the government does not need a warrant to use that communication . However , if you were to send a sealed letter to a friend containing the same information , you would have a reasonable expectation that the government would not be reading that note .
Durga Shakti Nagpal Durga Shakti Nagpal
IAS officer Durga Shakti Nagpal is again hogging the headlines for throwing out a senior Samajwadi Party leader of Mathura out of her office .
Nagpal had earned the dubious distinction of being anti-Samajwadi Party when she cracked down on illegal mining operations allegedly run by SP leaders in Noida and also demolished a partially constructed wall of a mosque in Kadalpur village of Greater Noida , leading to her suspension in 2013 .
The 2009-batch IAS officer , who was born in Agra , is currently the Chief Development Officer of Mathura district .
On Monday , while she was in her office , a local Samajwadi Party leader Jageshwar Yadav visited Nagpal and asked her to look into the matter immediately . However , as she was busy , Nagpal asked him to wait .
Hearing this , Yadav began creating a ruckus in the office , following which , Nagpal asked her guards to escort the SP leader and his companion out of the office and ensure that they do n't enter again .
Furious by this , Yadav is now threatening to report this matter to the SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , with whom , he boasts to have personal relations .
Talking to India Today , Yadav said Nagpal 's attitude was n't conducive of a public servant and she was behaving like a dictator in her office , which was unacceptable and required reporting to the party high command .
Over on Flannel Guy ROI , blogger James has been talking about retirement .
Specifically , he 's discussing pretirement , which he defines as `` a stepping-stone compromise between full-time work and full-time retirement . '' Basically , you stop contributing to your retirement savings and let them grow on their own until you actually retire , when you start using them .
While pretirement sounds appealing , we 're most interested in his calculations , which show how long you 'd need to let your retirement savings grow before tapping into them if you stopped saving today .
Technically , you could raid them any time after age 59 1/2 , but James has calculated the waiting period based on your savings increasing enough to generate the income you expect to have in retirement .
Check out the chart below . The bottom axis represents your current savings . Trace up to the colored line that represents how much income you want each year in retirement . Then look to the left axis to estimate how many years it will take your current savings to grow enough to support you during retirement .
Flannel Guy ROI
There 's a table version , as well :
Flannel Guy ROI
Essentially , the chart tells us that if you have $ 200,000 saved today and wanted to have a $ 40,000 income in retirement without saving another penny , it would take 41 years to achieve your goal .
Here 's his methodology :
There are a few caveats to this information . First , I 'm assuming a 4 % safe withdrawal rate and a 4 % real rate of return . The rate of return assumption might be a little conservative for long-term , inflation-adjusted growth on a stock portfolio while the 4 % safe withdrawal rate might be a little aggressive , depending on whom you ask .
The idea behind the 4 % withdrawal rate is that you could theoretically maintain it forever because investment growth will cover or outpace withdrawals … your $ 1,000,000 nest egg never really gets any smaller even though it keeps throwing off $ 40,000 in passive income per year .
Some experts say that many modern-day retirees will need upwards of $ 1 million to support the retirement life they plan to lead , and James 's calculations do n't dispute that theory : His numbers find that if you retire this year with $ 1 million in retirement savings , you 'll be living on a pretty conservative $ 40,000 annual income .
And for the record , no one is saying you should stop saving for retirement — just the opposite . If your current savings could grow by this much , imagine how much more money you 'll have if you keep contributing ?
Hat tip to Rockstar Finance .
Less than two weeks after citing holocaust denier and racist Peter Gemma in his Breitbart column , Kobach held a fundraiser in Washington , D.C , for his Kansas gubernatorial campaign . At the November 3 event , Kobach posted a photo of himself on his Twitter account with former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . Behind both men , clearly visible , is longtime white nationalist Marcus Epstein .
Marcus Epstein , rear left , attended Kris Kobach 's fundraiser on Nov. 3 .
Epstein has been active in the white nationalist scene for over a decade and even has a past history of racial criminality . In 2009 , he pleaded guilty to assaulting an African-American woman in Washington , D.C. , two years prior . His appearance at Kobach 's fundraiser is another indication that the Trump era is serving to rehabilitate not only the ideas once relegated to the racist fringe , but also the careers of movement members . It also underscores the social and political circles that Kobach has long moved in .
Epstein had a hand in founding two now defunct racist groups . In 2006 , he , along with white nationalists including Kevin DeAnna and “ alt-right ” leader Richard Spencer founded the Robert A. Taft Club . The Club , described as , “ a monthly meeting group of traditionalist conservatives and libertarians in the Washington , D.C. area , ” hosted guests such as Ron Paul , Charles Murray and Jared Taylor , one of the most prominent racist figures of the past three decades . The Taft Club eventually dissolved in the late aughts .
Epstein again teamed up with DeAnna in late 2006/early 2007 to help run the Youth for Western Civilization ( YWC ) . YWC was white nationalist student group whose chapter leaders have gone on to become key figures on the radical right . The group 's chapters held a number of events on campuses across the country designed to stoke racial tensions , including erecting a mock border fence at Washington State University , and a organizing a “ Straight Pride Day ” at Towson University in Maryland . The Towson chapter was founded by Matthew Heimbach , a white nationalist who now runs the Traditionalist Worker Party , a group intimately tied to neo-Nazis and extremists .
Marcus Epstein ( right ) with alt-right leader Richard Spencer ( left ) circa 2011 .
For a number of years , Epstein worked with white nationalist Pat Buchanan , a former presidential candidate who many younger white nationalist activists , including YWC leadership , have cited as a major influence . In the mid-2000s , Epstein served as executive director of Buchanan 's American Cause , which at the time organized gatherings of right-wing activists to discuss topics including immigration . Epstein also served as executive director of Team America PAC , a PAC dedicated to electing right-wing politicians founded by Buchanan 's sister , Bay , and nativist icon Tom Tancredo .
Epstein resurfaced in 2011 when Buchanan thanked him for his “ invaluable assistance and untold hours he devoted to researching ideas , issues , and anecdotes ” in helping Buchanan write his book , Suicide of a Superpower : Will America Survive to 2025 ? . Nativism plays a large role in Buchanan 's book , and it has been the core element of Kris Kobach 's agenda for years .
For over a decade , Kobach has worked as counsel to the Immigration Reform Law Institute ( IRLI ) , the legal arm of the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , one of the oldest anti-immigrant hate groups in America . FAIR has historical ties to white supremacists and eugenicists and who have made numerous racist statements . FAIR and IRLI 's founder is white nationalist John Tanton , a man who in 1993 wrote , `` I 've come to the point of view that for European-American society and culture to persist requires a European-American majority , and a clear one at that . '' During his tenure at IRLI , Kobach has been responsible for helping to draft some of the harshest anti-immigrant legislation in the country , including Alabama 's HB56 and Arizona 's SB1070 .
In October 2015 , Kobach was a featured speaker at the annual Writers Workshop put on by The Social Contract Press ( TSCP ) , which regularly publishes the writings of white nationalists . Its journal , The Social Contract , has published four articles from Epstein . TSCP is a project of another foundation , U.S. Inc. , created by FAIR 's Tanton . When Kobach ran for Congress in Kansas in 2004 , he received $ 10,000 in campaign contributions from U.S. Immigration PAC , which was operated by FAIR founder John Tanton 's wife .
It is unclear if Epstein had to donate to the Kobach campaign to attend the fundraiser .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a rally on October 18 , 2016 , in Grand Junction , Colorado .
Most weeks , New York Magazine writer-at-large Frank Rich speaks with contributor Alex Carp about the biggest stories in politics and culture . Today : Trump 's dangerous rhetoric , the last presidential debate , and the potential future of the GOP .
Despite the protestations of his party , his campaign , and his family , Donald Trump still refuses to state outright that he will unconditionally accept the results of the election . Could he be too isolated for this stance to be dangerous ?
It 's true that Trump has virtually no allies at the top of the GOP when it comes to his new crusade to delegitimize the results of a presidential election . When Charles Krauthammer , a conservative pundit who gave Trump more rope to hang himself than many , calls his stand “ political suicide , ” and when a proven right-wing nutcase like Maine 's governor Paul LePage tells Trump to “ get over yourself , ” you know you 're out on the fringe .
But being on the fringe does not mean Trump is isolated . It 's not for nothing that , as the Boston Globe recently reported , his supporters are talking about armed uprisings and assassinations if he does n't win . These furies have been fueled not only by Trump but by his campaign chieftain , the Breitbart warrior Stephen Bannon , and the whole alt-right zoo that has now found a home in the Republican Party . Are there enough of these people to win a national election ? No , but let 's not forget that the polls ( the real polls , not the online “ polls ” cited by Trump ) consistently show that roughly 40 percent of those watching felt that Trump won this week 's debate . There are more than enough of them to make the election and its aftermath hell . Before the debate , after all , Trump was all but inviting those “ Second Amendment people ” he 'd previously encouraged to take aim at Clinton to take their guns to polling places in cities with major black populations to intimidate minority voters . The Times reports that few are heeding his call . But it only takes a few to turn Election Day very dark indeed . This is what we should be worrying about rather than another empty threat by Trump to file a lawsuit if he does n't like the election results .
What the Republicans who are separating themselves from Trump this week do n't seem to realize is that they are too late — way too late — to hop off Trump 's kamikaze mission unscathed . Instead of releasing press statements taking issue with Trump 's latest ravings — and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell have n't even done that , by the way — they might start making some amends by mobilizing behind a proactive plan to keep the Trump mobs from interfering with voters on Election Day . But given the larger GOP 's record of trying to suppress minority voters with unconstitutional state laws and lying — a project that long precedes Trump 's ascent — they are unlikely to do so . And they will own whatever happens on Election Day .
The standard narrative of the past few weeks blames Trump 's fortunes on his own missteps , but after the last debate some pundits are coming around to the idea that Hillary Clinton set a series of very effective traps . Should she get more credit ?
Without question , Clinton set a brilliant trap near the end of the first debate : her telling of the story of Alicia Machado , the former Miss Universe who was a twofer as a victim of Trump bigotry — he 'd disparaged her both as a woman and as a Hispanic . His campaign has never been the same since . The airing of this incident set him off on a Twitter bender and set the stage for an outpouring of sexual-assault allegations ( some of which were seemingly confirmed by Trump himself , with Billy Bush as prompter ) . What 's also been impressive about Clinton 's debate performances was her sheer professionalism as a debater : She was usually poised , retained her sense of humor , and steadfastly avoided getting down in the muck with Trump under very trying circumstances . Best of all , she executed superb psychological warfare , irritating him with her continued use of “ Donald , ” confronting him with precise regurgitations of some of his most embarrassing quotes , and maintaining her self-control so that he could hang himself with his constant interruptions , his bizarre stage perambulations in the town-hall debate , and a repertoire of inane or blustery facial expressions that made you wonder if he was channeling Alec Baldwin rather than the other way around .
He was so amateurish that you have to ask again : Why did so many conservatives go into primary season convinced that the field of Trump opponents was so talented ? That field of 16 was up against a guy who did no preparation , knows no facts , runs out of attention span and stamina like clockwork after 15 minutes on stage , and in general behaves like a child with ADHD who has no parent at home to make sure he takes his medication . The universal excuse for his GOP opponents ' poor performances was that with so many of them cluttering the stage they had no chance to slay him . My alternative theory is that they were ill-prepared , lazy , and made no attempt ( as Clinton did ) to study and game out the narcissistic buffoon they wished to vanquish . They lost not because there were so many of them , but because Trump in fact outsmarted them in the arena .
Meanwhile , it should also be remembered that Clinton had her problems in the debates , some of them visible at the final one : She has never come up with a persuasive explanation for her email carelessness and she offers no real defense for the many conflicts of interest haunting the Clinton Foundation . Compared to Trump 's transgressions — including , as Clinton pointed out , his own utterly bogus “ foundation ” — hers are misdemeanors . But the first thing she should do on November 9 is shut down the Clinton Foundation and find a transparent , independent mechanism for adjudicating any ongoing conflicts between its donors ' interests and a Clinton administration .
In a Bloomberg Politics poll conducted last weekend , only 24 percent of Republicans said that , if Trump loses in November , he should be the national face of the GOP ( and only 15 percent picked Ryan ) . Is there anything the party can do to bring itself together ?
Far and away the most interesting thing about the poll is who Republicans ' want most as the public face of their party : Mike Pence ( at 27 percent , only slightly ahead of Trump ) . Pence is a raving homophobe and anti-abortion-rights zealot whose gubernatorial endorsement of a “ religious liberty ” law in Indiana last year had to be walked back lest it devastate business in his own state ( much as has happened in North Carolina after its Republican governor signed on to a legislative trampling on LGBT rights ) . Pence 's popularity at home was collapsing at the time Trump alighted on him ; he was eager to join the ticket for the simple reason that without it he might have to go look for a job . In his short time on the national stage , he has been consistently caught lying , even when the proof of his dissembling is a Google search away on video , handy to be cut into a Democratic campaign ad within hours after he 'd left the debate stage with Tim Kaine . This is the best the GOP has to offer ?
Maybe so . The GOP elites would have it that Ryan is the great white hope ( and I do emphasize white ) of their party , the “ adult ” who will inherit the Earth once the Trump fever has passed . But as this poll shows yet again , the Republican base does n't want Ryan any more than it wanted a Kasich ( 10 percent ) . It wants another Trump , a new and improved Trump : That 's why the aggregate percentage in the poll for the base favorites of the GOP — Pence , Trump , and Cruz — is 70 percent as opposed to a total of 25 percent for Ryan and Kasich . So Pence is serving as a placeholder until the next shining demagogue comes along .
Welcome to 1984 : Russia gets Soviet-era 'thought crime ' law
New legislation : Dmitry Medvedev signed the law allowing its intelligence agency to detain people suspected of preparing to commit crimes
It sounds like something straight out of George Orwell 's nightmarish Nineteen Eighty-Four .
In a move that harks back to the dark days of the KGB , the Russian security service has been given new powers to crack down on so-called 'thought crime ' .
The Federal Security Service , successor to the feared Soviet KGB , will now be able to summon and imprison people it believes are about to carry out a crime .
In a statement yesterday , the Kremlin said the security service , known as the FSB , would now be able to issue warnings to those 'whose acts create the conditions for the committing of a crime ' .
Suspects can be held behind bars for up to 15 days or face fines .
Critics blasted the decision by the Russian parliament , claiming the law could be used to detain opposition activists and journalists .
'It 's a step towards a police state , ' said Vladimir Ulas , a member of the Communist Party .
'It 's effectively a ban on any real opposition activity . '
Independent political analyst Yulia Latynina added : 'In the case of a drunken FSB officer shooting at you - and there have been many such cases - you might end up getting jailed for 15 days for merely trying to escape . '
Reactive : The bill was submitted to Russian authorities in April shortly after twin subway bombings in Moscow killed 40
The law was submitted in April after subway bombings in Moscow killed 40 people , and was said to be a response to the attacks .
Kremlin loyalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky , leader of the nationalist Liberal Democratic party , praised the law .
He said : 'This is not a repressive law . We 're only talking about preventive measures . '
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , who initiated the bill , angrily retorted to criticism . He said earlier this month that 'each country has the right to perfect its legislation ' .
The legislation continues a trend under former President Vladimir Putin , blamed by the opposition and the West for rolling back Russia 's democratic reforms of the 1990s . The former KGB officer and FSB head allowed the security services to regain power and influence at the expense of Russia 's democratic institutions .
Putin is now prime minister , and many see his intolerance of dissent as influencing Medvedev , his hand-picked successor .
The bill has raised doubts about Medvedev 's commitment to promoting full-fledged democracy and freedom of expression . Medvedev often has spoken of instituting judicial and police reforms , and has taken a less hard line on many issues than Putin .
LONDON — Queen Elizabeth II is seriously chic . So chic in fact that Gucci — the pinnacle of Italian fashion — channelled the Queen 's iconic style for its latest catwalk show at Westminster Abbey on Thursday .
SEE ALSO : People are channeling the Queen by wearing classic silk headscarves
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery ; and imitate Gucci most certainly did .
Gucci models sported the Queen 's signature silk headscarves in a presentation of the fashion house 's Spring/Summer 2017 collection .
A model presents a creation by Gucci at Westminster Abbey in London . Image : EPA/ANDY RAIN
Some models even rocked tartan kilts in a nod to the Queen 's love of Scotland . And , that 's not to mention the box handbag worn in the crook of the arm . Very HRH .
Scotland meets Italy in this contemporary twist on a classic . Image : EPA
Models strutted the Abbey 's aisles , which have previously been walked by the Queen during her wedding and her Coronation , and by Kate and Will — the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge — during the most recent Royal Wedding .
And , headscarves were a MAJOR aspect of the models ' ensembles .
God save the Queen . Image : EPA/ANDY RAIN
Modern geometric prints mixed up with headscarves and regal-looking box bags made for a contemporary twist on Her Majesty 's iconic look .
The Queen 's steadfast and true love of the headscarf was everywhere during the show . Image : EPA/ ANDY RAIN
Her Majesty would most certainly approve .
Is that a Royal nod of approval we spy ? Image : Tim Graham/Getty Images
Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments .
Beauty Wellness 3 Beauty Detox Recipes Gwyneth Paltrow Swears By There are enough makeup-free images of Gwyneth Paltrow out there for us to know that the actress turned clean living entrepreneur has enviable skin . Now following the launch of her nontoxic skin care line , she has teamed up with her Goop editors to launch Goop Clean Beauty , a book full of healthy , Goop-y beauty detox recipes that focus on real , whole foods . In the book , you 'll also find a long list of clean beauty tips for dry skin , breakout-prone skin , aging skin as well as details about product ingredients , hair health and makeup tips so that you can take a holistic approach to glowing skin . ( Come on , we know you did n't really expect a Paltrow-esque flawless complexion to come effortlessly . ) For an idea of what it takes to get glowing skin from the inside out , check out three of Paltrow 's favorite beauty detox recipes below . No moon dust required . Spinach and Lemon Hummus ( Makes About 2 Cups ) Packed with protein from chickpeas , good fat from olive oil , fiber , vitamins , calcium , and iron from spinach , and vitamin C and antioxidants from lemon , this hummus is a serious nutritional powerhouse . It 's great with crudités or crackers , spread on a sandwich , or simply eaten with a spoon . 1 ( 14.5-ounce ) can chickpeas , drained and rinsed
5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
3 tablespoons tahini
1 cup packed baby spinach leaves , cleaned , dried , and roughly chopped
Zest and juice of 1 medium Meyer ( or small regular ) lemon
1 large clove garlic , minced
1 teaspoon kosher salt Combine all the ingredients with 1/4 cup water in a food processor and blend until smooth . Add more salt to taste . Green Grain Bowls ( Serves 2 ) This is a perfect and filling detox staple that you can easily add protein to . For the Pesto 1/3 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves , roughly chopped
1/3 cup lightly packed fresh mint leaves , roughly chopped
1/3 cup walnut halves , roughly chopped
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
Kosher salt For the Bowls 1 medium zucchini , cut into 3 long strips
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 1/2 cups cooked brown rice or quinoa
Zest and juice of 1/2 lemon , plus more juice to taste
3/4 cup Sautéed Cavolo Nero ( see below ) , or any simply sautéed greens such as chard or rapini
1/2 large ripe yet firm avocado , diced
3 tablespoons toasted pumpkin seeds
Red chili flakes to taste , optional To make the pesto , combine the herbs , walnuts , olive oil , and 2 tablespoons water in a food processor and blend until almost smooth . Season to taste with salt . To cook the zucchini , heat a grill pan over medium-high heat . Toss the zucchini with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste . When the grill pan is hot , add the zucchini strips and cook for about 2 minutes per side , until the zucchini is tender and has nice grill marks . Remove to a cutting board and dice when cooled . To assemble the bowls , toss the brown rice with 1/4 cup of pesto and the lemon zest and juice ; divide between two bowls . Top each bowl with half the zucchini , half the sautéed greens , half the avocado , and half the toasted pumpkin seeds . Finish with a pinch of red chili flakes and some fresh lemon juice , if desired , and serve with the remaining pesto on the side . Sautéed Cavolo Nero ( Serves 4 ) This easy kale dish is a total detox staple . It 's great as a side dish with a simply cooked protein , but we particularly love making a big batch and adding it to dishes throughout the week like our grain bowls or a quinoa and veggie stir-fry . 2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cloves garlic , thinly sliced
Pinch red chili flakes
1 bunch cavolo nero ( also called dinosaur kale ) , washed , dried , and chopped into 1-inch pieces
Kosher salt Heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan over medium heat . Add the garlic and red chili flakes and cook for 30 seconds , until the garlic is fragrant but not browned . Add the kale and a large pinch of salt . Use a wooden spoon to stir , mixing everything well so that the garlic does n't stick to the pan and burn . Sauté for 3 to 5 minutes , until the kale is starting to wilt and the garlic is lightly toasted . Cover with a lid , turn the heat down to low , and cook for 5 minutes , until the kale is tender . Coconut Rice With Mango ( Serves 2 ) Coconut sticky rice might be the best treat ever , and this version , made with nutrient-dense brown rice and sweetened with coconut sugar , is totally addictive . We like a ratio of mostly mango and a little rice , but if you 're looking to fill up , increase the amount of rice . 2/3 cup cooked brown rice
1/2 cup light coconut milk
2 teaspoons coconut sugar
Pinch sea salt ( depending on how salty your rice is )
1 ripe mango , peeled and thinly sliced
Sesame seeds , for garnish , optional Combine the rice , coconut milk , sugar , and salt in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer . Simmer over low heat , stirring often , for 2 minutes , until the mixture has thickened and most of the liquid has evaporated . Top with the mango and sesame seeds , if using . [ Next : 21 Life-Changing Detox Teas You Can Make Yourself ] Images and recipes excerpted from the book Goop Clean Beauty by the Editors of Goop . Reprinted with permission of Grand Central Life & Style .
Whereas We have received Information , That several Persons , Subjects of Great Britain , have , since the Twenty fourth Day of June , in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifteen , committed divers Piracies and Robberies upon the High Seas in the West-Indies , or adjoyning to Our Plantations , which hath , and may Occasion great Damage to the Merchants of Great Britain , and others , Trading into those Parts ; And though We have appointed such a Force as We Judge sufficient for Suppressing the said Piracies : Yet the more effectually to put an End to the same , We have thought fit , by and with the Advice of our Privy-Council , to Issue this Our Royal Proclamation ; And We do hereby Promise and Declare , That in case any of the said Pirates shall , on or before the Fifth Day of September , in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighteen , Surrender him or themselves to One of Our Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain or Ireland , or to any Governor or Deputy-Governor of any of Our Plantations or Dominions beyond the Seas , every such Pirate and Pirates , so Surrendring him or themselves , as aforesaid , shall have Our Gracious Pardon of and for such his or their Piracy or Piracies , by him or them .
Several community advocates have said they want to see the end of the Minneapolis Office of Police Conduct Review after they say an analysis of data by Communities United Against Police Brutality shows that few officers in the last two years have been disciplined after their cases were reviewed . But an official from the agency said the way the group has framed the statistics is significantly flawed .
`` Now more than ever , the people of this country , the people of our community are certain that there is a problem with policing and are certain that we want to hold police accountable '' said Michelle Gross , president of CUAPB .
From October 2012 through March 2015 , 962 complaints with a total of 919 separate allegations were submitted to the office , the group reported . Out of those cases , 392 were dismissed , 216 were submitted to supervisors for coaching , 33 were submitted for mediation and another 202 were given to investigators for at least a preliminary investigation .
Though 36 allegations were found to have merit , only one officer as a result of community member complaints has yet to be disciplined , CUAPB said . That officer received two weeks of unpaid suspension and a written reprimand . Another officer received three weeks of unpaid suspension after a complaint filed by a Wisconsin police officer .
Gross said the data was `` frankly appalling '' and called the agency `` an epic fail . ''
Gross said that advocates are calling for the Office of Police Conduct Review to be disbanded and to be replaced by a civilian review body independent of the city 's Department of Civil Rights . CUAPB also is pushing for officers to carry personal liability insurance , which the group asserts would help hold individual officers responsible for their conduct .
`` We need to make some changes , '' said activist Al Flowers , who earlier this month filed a lawsuit against Minneapolis police whom he alleged used excessive force during an arrest at his home .
The lawsuit followed a complaint Flowers filed last fall with the city 's Civil Rights Department and an independent investigation called for by Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges and Police Chief Janeé Harteau . No officers were disciplined in the case .
`` Let 's not wait for Ferguson to happen here , '' said Steve Belton , interim president of the Minneapolis Urban League .
Michael Browne , director of the Office of Police Conduct Review , said that the conclusions that CUAPB have made are based on misconceptions and are misleading . For one , many open cases that have not gone through the grievance process yet when officers have the chance to appeal before discipline is finalized , Browne said . There were 217 complaints that did not contain allegations against Minneapolis officers but involved officers from other agencies , Browne said .
Another argument that Browne made was that the CUAPB disregarded when more minor cases were forwarded to precinct supervisors for coaching , which could result in the officer going through counseling , training , or possibly result in policy violation findings . The process allows for the most serious cases to be investigated sooner . Browne argued that police critics should be more concerned about improving the culture of the department as opposed to just inflicting punishment .
`` How many officers need to be disciplined for them to be happy ? '' he said .
Browne said the agency has made `` significant progress . '' In 2012 , the city dismantled the Police Civilian Review Authority and replaced it with the Office of Police Conduct Review .
On Saturday at 4 p.m. , CUAPB is hosting a listening session for community members to discuss police misconduct at 4200 Cedar Avenue in Minneapolis .
News in Science › Being Human
Meditation helps kids with ADHD
Meditation can help improve symptoms in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , an international psychiatry conference heard this week .
The Australian study in 48 children diagnosed with ADHD found Sahaja yoga meditation led to an average 35 % reduction in symptom severity over six weeks , and enabled many to reduce their medication .
Study co-author , Sydney general practitioner Dr Ramesh Manocha , told the World Psychiatric Association conference in Melbourne this week that improvements occurred in behaviour , self-esteem and relationship quality .
Children said they slept better and were less anxious at home . They also said they could better concentrate and had less conflict at school .
Parents were happier , less stressed and more able to manage their child 's behaviour .
The trial , at the Prince of Wales Hospital , Randwick , taught the technique to children under 12 taking ADHD medication and their parents .
The technique uses visualisation , music and nature plus one-on-one instruction . For six weeks they attended two sessions a week at the hospital and meditated twice a day at home while soaking their feet in cool salt water .
`` We had remarkable results . Overall there was about a 35 % improvement in symptoms , which was significant , '' Manocha says .
`` Six were able to go off medication and their behaviour normalised , 12 halved their medication and another group reduced it by about one-quarter .
`` Feedback from children was the best , things like ' I always knew what I was doing was not good and upset people but now I can control it ' . ''
In the moment
Manocha , who has taught Sahaja yoga meditation to patients in the past , says the meditation is about being in a state of mental silence and not thinking .
He says it gives people the ability to tap into the present moment .
`` Kids are generally naturally meditative ; they think in the moment , '' Manocha says .
`` Children with ADHD are inattentive , hyperactive , impulsive but meditation is the opposite . It focuses attention , is still and in control of urges .
`` This re-teaches kids who have forgotten these skills and lost their natural ability to meditate because something in their environment is off balance .
`` It gives them a tool to get back into the normal zone . ''
The study has been published in the journal Clinical Child Psychology and Psychiatry .
Milpitas teen is being denied the chance to graduate from high school .
This should have been one of the most important weekends in Shontale Taylor 's life . The Milpitas High School senior had looked forward to it for years .
June 13 was graduation day and Taylor is the first in her family to get a diploma .
But there was no cap and gown moment for her . The school barred her from ﻿graduation because of the role she played in breaking up a fight on campus .
Taylor was suspended last month after a teacher witnessed her pulling the hair of another student . She did it as she was attempting to break up a fight between that girl and another student . Witnesses , including the alleged victim , have disputed the claim .
The suspension violated the school 's honor code , which made Taylor ineligible to graduate .
The San Jose Mercury News posted her story on Wednesday night and ever since a long line of people have stood in Taylor 's corner in an attempt to get the school board to change its mind . Many spoke on her behalf Friday night .
No go . The board refused to let her participate in the event . They said she is eligible for the summer graduation in August .
Taylor is not your average student . She has truly beaten the odds .
Taylor has been in foster care nearly all her life . Statistics show 90 percent of foster care student do n't graduate , so getting here is an accomplishment .
Taylor said she accepts the school board 's decision . Instead of sitting with the graduating class , she sat in the stands in support of her friends .
George Clooney was questioned about two $ 353,000-per-couple fundraisers he hosted for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on the NBC 's 'Meet the Press ' Sunday .
When moderator Chuck Todd asked Clooney about the Sanders campaign calling the entrance fee “ obscene ” , the Oscar-winning actor and multimillionaire agreed .
“ Yes , I think it 's an obscene amount of money , ” Clooney said . “ I think , you know , that we had some protesters last night when we pulled up in San Francisco , and they 're right to protest , they 're absolutely right , it is an obscene amount of money . ”
Protesters threw dollar bills at the Clinton motorcade when she arrived at the Clooney event , in an effort to demonstrate the absurdity around campaign finance laws .
Sanders supporters shower Clinton motorcade with $ 1 bills as she arrives at Clooney event https : //t.co/PrUvnxxzGMpic.twitter.com/hLgzegCW3q — The Hill ( @ thehill ) April 18 , 2016
The top tier price gave a lucky pair access to Clinton , Clooney , and his wife Amal at either an event in San Francisco or the couple 's LA mansion the following night .
What it was like to attend @ HillaryClinton 's fundraiser at George and Amal Clooney 's home https : //t.co/WIwmkD9Rb9pic.twitter.com/CYecpA0mPm — People Magazine ( @ people ) April 18 , 2016
The money raised , estimated to be $ 15 million , goes to the Hillary Victory fund , a joint fundraising committee formed by her campaign , the Democratic National Committee headed up by Clinton supporter and Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , and 32 state parties .
This allows the campaign to circumvent limits on individual donations to candidates , raising the maximum individual cap to $ 660,000 per person over two years , as reported by RT .
Clinton campaign taps ex-Goldman Sachs partner for Asian fundraisers https : //t.co/QDZxnY7kh1pic.twitter.com/5ib5rtR5a4 — RT America ( @ RT_America ) April 12 , 2016
The Washington Post referred to the deal as the “ earliest creation of a joint fundraising committee between a presidential candidate and the party , and it would be the biggest ever , thanks to a 2014 Supreme Court decision that knocked down a cap on how many donors could give to federal campaigns in a single year . ”
Clooney claimed the money raised “ is split between DNC , Clinton , and state parties ” , but according data from the Center for Responsive Politics as cited by Politifact , her campaign received 63 percent of money raised in 2016 , in addition to $ 6.7 million for ads “ that mostly looked like Clinton campaign ads , as well as $ 5.5 million in direct marketing ” , reports Politico .
Clooney also claims Democrats are forced to raise money this way in order to compete with Republicans , mentioning the Koch brothers to bolster his point .
Read more : New book finds father of Koch brothers built Nazi 's third largest oil refinery
However , the Sanders campaign , which refuses to accept contributions from billionaires , has repeatedly surpassed Clinton 's monthly fundraising levels , mostly through small donations from individuals .
The 54-year-old actor believes that if elected , Clinton would reverse the controversial US Supreme Court decision known as Citizens United and put a stop to big money in politics .
As usual @ SenSanders far more clearly against Citizens United . Hillary says she would support Garland who is pro-Citizens United . # DemDebate — Cenk Uygur ( @ cenkuygur ) April 15 , 2016
However , Glenn Greenwald points out in The Intercept , the Clinton campaign 's argument in favor of her fundraising methods , particularly the money she receives from Wall Street and other “ influential ” sources , mirrors the majority Citizens United ruling : “ Expenditures , including those made by corporations , do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption ” .
Clooney said he looks forward to getting “ this obscene , ridiculous amount of money out [ of politics ] so I never have to do a fundraiser again . ”
Sanders made it clear that his campaign 's comments were not a criticism of the actor .
“ It 's a criticism of a corrupt campaign finance system where big money interests , and it 's not Clooney , it 's the people who are coming to this event that end up having undue influence over the political process , '' he said , adding that he had “ a lot of respect for ( his ) honesty and integrity on this issue . ”
If Sanders does become the Democratic nominee , Clooney said he would support him .
His comments about his protesting roots made during the interview suggest he has a lot in common with Sanders .
Bernie Sanders 50 years ago chained to a black woman and arrested for protesting segregation.✊🏽✊🏾✊🏿 # BLACKLIVESMATTERpic.twitter.com/M0xEBGT83p — BLACK LIVES MATTER ( @ AIlLivesMatter ) March 7 , 2016
“ I 'm a protester from way back . I got arrested in DC a couple years ago with my father protesting , ” he said . “ I 'm a big believer in protests . I think it matters from the '56 Montgomery bus protest to the Apartheid protests that I was a part of when I was a young man . ”
Stock 6.0.1 MPG24.107-70.2 ( Brazil ) for Verizon XT1254
BookmarkProvider , BrApps , PartnersBookmarkProvider , BodyGuardApp , DemoMode , GuideMe , NuanceTTS , WapPushSI
Installation instructions :
Download ROM and BHB27 v200-8-M kernel
Reboot into TWRP
Make a TWRP of System , Data , and Boot ( Optional , but recommended )
Wipe System , Data , Cache , Dalvik-Cache
Flash ROM , then flash BHB27 v200-8-M kernel
Reboot system
Complete the setup wizard
Reboot TWRP
Flash SuperSU v2.76/ Xposed v86
Reboot system
Complete the setup wizard
Flash debloat script
Reboot system
Download links :
I adapted factory 6.0.1 Marshmallow , specifically the Brazilian firmware , to work on Verizon XT1254 Droid Turbo 's along with BHB27 kernel so that Wi-Fi works . Basically all I have done is modify the build.prop so that Verizon 's CDMA works . I tested with SU4TL-49 radio and bootloader , but there should n't be an issue with SU4TL-44 . The stock Brazilian firmware is actually usable on Droid Turbos without modifications ( BHB27 Kernel is needed for Wi-Fi ) , but only for Droid Turbo users on GSM carriers.ROM is not debloated , the few Brazilian apps/apps not found in the Droid Turbo 's stock firmware are still in this ROM . I have included a debloat script which removes the following : Included in the script is also everything I personally removed . They are disabled by default . To enable any of them , extract the .zip and in the META-INF - > com - > google - > android - > updater-script , delete the `` # '' that I inserted before each line that you want re-enabled . That `` # '' before the line turns the code into a comment.Major stock functionality that I have confirmed working as it should : Moto Display , Approach to wake , Wi-Fi , mobile data ( LTE/3G ) , calls , etc. , no Verizon VoLTE ( yet ) . I have not tested Moto Voice as I do not use Moto Voice , but I see no reason why it would n't work . I tried deodexing the stock ROM , but Moto Actions , Moto Display , and Moto Voice continually force close.There likely will not be any updates to this ROM as it is only a stock ROM with build.prop edits to make it usable on Droid Turbo XT1254s . If in the future I figure out how to port VoLTE , it will come in the form of a TWRP flashable zip.For root/Xposed ( I have only tested with SuperSU v2.76 and Xposed v86 , use older versions at your own risk . If you flashed BHB27 kernel v2.0.2-1 or newer , follow the instructions in that thread . Installing SuperSU is different for the newer kernel versions . ) : Debloat script : MD5 Checksum : For those who like to use a smaller DPI than stock 640 DPI , Moto Display will look broken , and if you use the Moto G4 camera , the shutter button will not work . Use the Xposed Module `` App Settings '' and set Moto Display and Moto Display System Process to 640 DPI , and for the Moto G4 camera set it to 480 DPI.I have also noticed a bug with GravityBox 's QuickSettings management , where adding QS tiles adds all , none , or some disappear . This is out of my control.Screenshots : Big thank you to @ junior_ilha and @ baybutcher27 , whose Brazilian 6.0.1 soak 4 TWRP backup and BHB27 v200-x-M kernel , respectively , prompted me to take on this project . Also thank you to testers/users of my original `` ROM '' build , the TWRP backup .
The P-04D 's combination of a 1GHz dual-core TI OMAP 4430 processor , 1GB of RAM , and 8GB of onboard storage are found in other mid-range Android phones like the Motorola Atrix 2 and LG Prada Phone 3.0 , and the P-04D performs similarly , if not a little worse . I experienced some lagginess during normal use with the phone occasionally failing to recognize touch inputs , particularly in the browser , sometimes requiring two or three swipes to get things moving . Scrolling certainly did n't feel as smooth as phones with faster processors like the Galaxy Note , but when the browser recognized my input the experience was acceptable . The planned update to Android 4.0 this summer should hopefully make things snappier as well .
Quadrant Vellamo GLB 2.1 Egypt ( 720p ) GLB 2.1 Egypt ( 1080p ) AnTuTu HTC One S 5,141 2,420 57fps 29fps 7,107 LG Prada 2,114 825 28fps 14fps 5,335 Panasonic P-04D 1,833 703.75 20fps 11fps 5,326
Gaming performance was OK , but not great . My game of choice was Shadowgun , a very graphically intensive third-person shooter . While it was certainly playable , I noticed quite a few dropped frames when the action got hairy , and would hesitate to recommend the phone to someone for whom gaming is a priority . It 's worth pointing out that the Quadrant test made it appear the phone was only using one core — the company did n't respond to our questions about that .
Update : We 've heard from Panasonic that the P-04D takes advantage of both cores , but that the processor responds dynamically to load . Aurora Softworks , the makers of Quadrant , let us know that a fix for the issue should be included in the next update .
One of the phone 's bigger issues was mapping performance . Even with Wi-Fi , 3G , and GPS enabled , the test unit frequently located me tens to hundreds of yards away from my actual position . It once insisted that I was in Kyoto ( where I had recently visited with the phone ) when I was actually in Tokyo ( about 300 miles away ) , requiring me to kill the app to set things straight .
Battery performance on the P-04D was very good — I always got more than a full day of light to moderate use with the screen set to auto brightness . A typical day for me included listening to MP3s , an hour or two of web browsing , a few calls , light Twitter and e-mail , and half an hour each of video playback and Shadowgun . It 's worth noting that the latter can be a real battery hog ; in the P-04D 's case running down 10 percent of the battery in less than twenty minutes .
Reception was great — I never lost a call on the P-04D and had great signal all over Tokyo and Kyoto . I can sometimes have serious problems getting a connection indoors on my SoftBank phone and the difference was noticeable . Data speeds were a different matter — the average 1.8Mbps down I got was considerably slower than the 3Mbps I get on my iPhone 4 on SoftBank , but upload speeds were right around 400kbps on both devices . Audio quality was good — the P-04D 's single speaker is n't ideal for listening to music , but it 's loud enough to function as a decent speakerphone , or to hear clearly in a loud environment like a busy city street .
It 's worth noting here that the European Eluga variant includes built-in NFC for things like contactless wireless payments , which the Japanese P-04D does not , so I ca n't comment on that feature of the device . Also , while the P-04D on Docomo does include support for IC-based contactless payments with FeliCa , I was n't able to try the feature out on my demo unit .
Clinton 's camp has put off paying bills for months , earning campaign a reputation as something of a deadbeat in some small-business circles . Cash-strapped Clinton fails to pay bills
Hillary Rodham Clinton 's cash-strapped presidential campaign has been putting off paying hundreds of bills for months — freeing up cash for critical media buys but also earning the campaign a reputation as something of a deadbeat in some small-business circles .
A pair of Ohio companies owed more than $ 25,000 by Clinton for staging events for her campaign are warning others in the tight-knit event production community — and anyone else who will listen — to get their cash upfront when doing business with her . Her campaign , say representatives of the two companies , has stopped returning phone calls and e-mails seeking payment of outstanding invoices . One even got no response from a certified letter .
Story Continued Below
Their cautionary tales , combined with published reports about similar difficulties faced by a New Hampshire landlord , an Iowa office cleaner and a New York caterer , highlight a less-obvious impact of Clinton 's inability to keep up with the staggering fundraising pace set by her opponent for the Democratic presidential nomination , Illinois Sen. Barack Obama .
Clinton 's campaign did not respond to recent , specific questions about its transactions with vendors . But Clinton spokesman Jay Carson pointed on Saturday to an earlier statement the campaign issued to Politico , asserting : `` The campaign pays its bills regularly and in the normal course of business , and pays all of its bills . ''
Just like with other businesses , it 's common for campaigns to carry unpaid bills from month to month , but in Clinton 's case , it also could serve a strategic purpose .
The New York senator 's presidential campaign ended February with $ 33 million in the bank , according to a report filed last week with the Federal Election Commission , but only $ 11 million of that can be spent on her battle with Obama .
The rest can be spent only in the general election , if she makes it that far , and must be returned if she does n't . If she had paid off the $ 8.7 million in unpaid bills she reported as debt and had not loaned her campaign $ 5 million , she would have been nearly $ 3 million in the red at the end of February .
By contrast , if you subtract Obama 's $ 625,000 in debts and his general-election-only money from his total cash on hand at the end of last month , he 'd still be left with $ 31 million .
The presidential campaign of presumptive Republican nominee Arizona Sen. John McCain reported $ 4.3 million in debt at the end of February , but only $ 1.3 million of that was in the form of unpaid bills to a dozen vendors . The rest was a bank loan , which the campaign says it paid off last week .
It 's not just the size of Clinton 's debts that 's noteworthy . It 's also that her unpaid bills extend beyond the realm of high-priced consultants who typically let bills slide as part of the cost of doing business with powerful clientele whose success is linked to their own .
Some of Clinton 's biggest debts are to pollster and chief strategist Mark Penn , who 's owed $ 2.5 million ; direct mail company MSHC Partners , which is owed $ 807,000 ; phone-banking firm Spoken Hub , which is waiting for $ 771,000 ; and ad maker Mandy Grunwald , who 's owed $ 467,000 .
Clinton also reported debts more than one month old to a slew of apolitical businesses and organizations , large and small , in the states through which this historically expensive Democratic primary campaign has raged .
When I was a teenager , one of my teachers told us about his list of “ required ” experiences . These were experiences that he felt were prerequisites to being a fully alive , aware person . I remember nothing of that list except one : spend a night in jail . I asked him if he 'd ever spent a night in jail . He had . ( I have not . )
Twenty-five years later , I wonder how much of his list I 've covered , and how much it 's changed . If I were to meet him and tell him about my life , would he feel that my life is on track , or would he only see gaps in experience ? What about things I 've done that he has not ? Would he find them threatening ? Would he dismiss them as distractions ?
I 'm aware , both in the Zen community and in myself , of our tendency to define what is real and what is not according our own experiences . It 's natural . Anyone who has kids ( this is especially true of new parents ) probably has the experience of talking to a childless friend and thinking , “ This guy does n't know anything about the real world . He has no idea. ” And many young people have the opposite experience — talking to a friend whose life revolves around her children and thinking , “ Wow , she 's completely lost in her narrow little world. ” When we are among the initiated , we imagine that it could n't possibly be any other way ; when we are outsiders , we mock the people on the inside for their self-importance .
So it 's natural that in the Zen community , we tend to advocate a kind of training similar to what we ourselves have experienced . There are only a few Zen teachers in the US who are products of a traditional monastic system , and as a result , there are only a few who feel strongly about passing that system on . There are some on the extreme other side who feel monastic practice is a complete waste of time , then a majority in the middle who feel that it 's OK for people who are into that sort of thing , or who feel it might have value in small , manageable chunks . But , at least for the moment , there is very little energy behind establishing monastic training opportunities for the current and future generations of Soto Zen priests .
That 's how I see it , based on conversations with other priests , attendance at national meetings , and perusal of what 's written on various Zen center websites . A few teachers may still hold up “ the monastery ” as a kind of abstract , romantic ideal , but much more often , the language we hear is “ outside the monastery , ” or “ beyond the monastery ” ( if the monastery is mentioned at all ) . Many , many teachers reference the monastery not as an ideal , but as something that is fundamentally at odds with modern living . It 's the problem with Zen . And when I read such statements , I always wonder , “ Who is the audience here ? ” If American Zen teachers are already not actively advocating monastic training , then against whom are we arguing ? At this moment in the history of Zen , abandoning monastic practice is hardly a revolutionary move .
I think there are legitimate and constructive conversations to be had about this : What is monastic training ? What 's it about ? If there is a goal , what is it ? What does it produce ? How has it justified its existence up to now , and do those justifications hold up in a modern , Western context ? If yes , then what causes our cultural resistance to such practice ? And if not , why not ? What aspects of the monastic tradition in Japan can find traction in the US ? Which require modification ? Which do n't stand a chance from the start ? And how do we determine such things ? If we attempt to establish an “ American ” monastic model , what is our inspiration ? Modern Japanese monasteries ? The monastic guidelines ( shingi ) left behind by Dogen ? By Keizan ? Do we go back further , to the shingi from China ? Do we go back to the beginning , to the birth of the monastic sangha in Buddha 's time and take our cues from that original structure ? American culture hates rules , but it also has a deep puritanical streak that connects to the tradition of the vinaya ( browse almost any Buddhist blog 's comments section to find people insisting that any monk who is not celibate and poor is a scam artist , a sexual-predator-to-be who 's just in it for the money ) . How can we fund monasteries in the US , knowing that the Asian models of patronage just wo n't work ?
At the center of all of it : What is a priest ?
These are really interesting questions . These are among the most compelling questions I 've ever encountered .
But before we can address any of them , we need to move beyond the popular idea that the monastery is somehow different from the “ real world. ” This idea is everywhere . I hear over and over again that we do n't need monastics , because monastics ca n't possibly understand the challenges of ordinary people . People refer to monastic life as something sheltered , a way of hiding from “ real life. ” They say , “ Get a job. ” This could only make sense to someone who is looking at monasteries from the outside .
One night in the monastery , I slept in a closet to hide from a monk who had gone down to the local village , gotten drunk , and decided upon his return that this was his night to kill me and the monk in charge . I just stayed where he could n't find me , and the next day we found our mutual ways back into the normal routine . I watched a monk trying to break a sleeping monk 's face with a kyosaku ( but missed , luckily – it was dark ) . One evening after dinner , after hearing the next day 's job assignments , a monk who felt he spent too much time in the kitchen jumped completely over a table and tried to strangle the shuso ( chief novice ) . I watched a fistfight break out over how much or how little monks should be involved in politics . A monk went crazy one day and basically destroyed a room , like a wild animal trapped indoors . We all waited in the hallway for it to end , then went in and silently cleaned it up .
For a time , the head monk , hell-bent on saving money , tried to force us to eat rotten pickles every day – so rotten that they had turned from yellow to a deep blue . One afternoon , I just went into the woods , dug a hole , and buried them .
In winter , when the head monk had to suddenly leave for medical reasons , some of the junior monks holed up in a room for three weeks . They were free , and their version of embracing freedom was to close the door and keep their little kerosene stove burning constantly , with the windows closed , essentially gassing themselves into a constant toxic sleep . They 'd stumble out from time to time , looking intoxicated and confused , then wobble down the hall to raid the kitchen . During that whole period , I do n't think I ever heard any of them actually speak .
A monastery is not some romantic place where people spend their days serving each other tea and thinking about saving all beings . When we look beyond the schedule of ceremonies and zazen , what we find in monasteries is an experiment in intimacy . It 's an intimacy with others — more than once , I 've heard it likened to a pot full of potatoes , rubbing against each other until they 're all skinned and shiny white . It 's also an intimacy with yourself . If you sit six hours of zazen a day , every once in a while , zazen will slip away and you 'll find yourself thinking about things — a recurring theme , guaranteed , will be , “ What the hell am I doing here ? ” You have time in a monastery to go over every mistake you 've ever made , to dissect every regret , to luxuriate in self-doubt .
More than anything , it 's an experiment in saying yes . We say yes to the bell , to the schedule , to the demands of being , in many ways , glorified custodians ( if you go to bed at 9pm and wake up at 3am , that 's not just an 18-hour day , it 's 16-18 hours of actually working ) . We say yes to seniors , putting personal issues aside . We say yes to the tradition , to the 24-hour ritual enactment of the life of Buddha , eating this way , standing this way , sleeping this way , sitting this way . And under all of it is the fundamental yes , the one where we decide not to leave , to stay where we are . We agree to move in concert with these crazy people .
In this way , we start to understand what it is to move beyond preferences . A mantra in the monastery is suki kirai kankei nai ( 好き嫌い関係ない ) — essentially , like and dislike are irrelevant . If you 're like me , then in the beginning , you hear this to mean , “ Do n't whine. ” But it 's much more than that . It 's at the center . When my daughter just bumped her head and my son is tantrum-screaming as if he 's on fire , but it 's something about which cup I gave him , I have lots of preferences about how I would like things to be . And none of them matter .
When we default to the idea that the monastery is another world , we both demonize and romanticize it — we insist that its differences make it irrelevant , and in doing so , we imply that it really is a magical world where bodhisattvas stroll around , unencumbered by human problems . The most basic stance of Buddhism , from its first day , is that human experience is universal — we all see the world through the lens of our own narrative , and in doing so , we all create criteria by which we judge ( and thereby distance ourselves from ) this moment . We all separate the world before us into “ like ” and “ dislike. ” We all believe , consciously or unconsciously , that some things are more “ real ” than others . We all , I suspect , have a hierarchy of experience .
And if pressed , I 'd bet that most of us believe , deep down , that there is some place a person can go to “ get away from it all , ” a place for retreat . There is no such place .
There is only this place . In a monastery , too , there is only this place . When this is all there is , how can this be unreal ?
When this is all there is , how can there be someplace else to go ?
Converse with your plants
Ever wonder how your plants are feeling ? Maybe you 've always wanted to grow your own thriving garden full of flowers and vegetables , but did n't know where to start ? Well now there 's hope !
Bitponics is your shortcut to a green thumb . It 's designed to be an add-on to any existing hydroponics system , and it will simplify and automate your growing process . Once you tell it what you 're trying to grow , it will use a database of knowledge built up by the community to create a “ growing plan ” for you . Bitponics will automate anything that can be controlled by a power outlet , like water pumps and lights . No more need for a bunch of bulky mechanical timers crowding your power strip ! For things we ca n't automate ( like flushing and refilling your reservoir ) , we 'll remind you by whatever means you choose : email , text , or in-app notifications . Our plug and play solution is designed to be as simple as possible to set up and wo n't require a bunch of technical know-how .
A prototype of the Bitponics device . Your reward for pledges $ 250 and up !
Why Hydroponics ?
Hydroponics is an innovative approach that 's ideal for environments where plants ca n't normally grow , like apartments and harsh climates . It 's basically any method of growing plants without soil , and instead providing nutrients directly to the roots with a nutrient solution . The root systems do n't need to reach as far , so more plants can be grown in the same amount of space . But because you 're essentially creating the entire growing environment , it has a steeper learning curve compared to traditional soil gardening .
Our goal with Bitponics is to allow more people to grow plants , no matter where they are or how much experience they have . We want to make hydroponic gardening easy for everyone .
Your reward for a $ 100 pledge : a `` water culture '' hydroponic system .
How will it work ?
Bitponics is made up of two parts : a sensor device and your online account . Once you sign up , you enter in the details of what you 're growing and the type of hydroponic system you have . The next step is to generate a growing plan : Bitponics can either create one for you or you can create your own . The growing plan is the step-by-step roadmap for how to take care of your plants . It will tell you :
How many hours of light your plants need per day
When to change the lighting schedule ( for example , when your plants are ready for their flowering phase , we 'd switch the lights to a 12-hour cycle )
What pH range is safe for your plants
When to replace your nutrient solution
What balance of nutrients to use for each growing phase
How often to run your water pumps
The Bitponics device will collect readings from its sensors and log them to your online account . You can also manually log data and even upload photos to track progress . Whenever sensor data deviates too far from your growing plan 's recommendations , we 'll alert you to how to fix it . The device will initially ship with the following sensors :
Water & air temperature
Humidity
Brightness ( to determine if your plants are receiving enough light )
pH ( for measuring the acidity of the nutrient solution )
And if you want even more detailed data , you 'll be able to purchase an electrical conductivity ( EC ) sensor for measuring the concentration of nutrients in the solution . We will also have your device setup to work with Cosm right out of the box , so you can share your data with the greater Internet of Things network !
The device will also have two power outlets that can be set up on timers via the website to control anything from lights to pumps .
The Bitponics Dashboard , where you can see real-time data from all of your sensors and manage your growing plan .
Community of Growers
Once you 're a member of the Bitponics community , you 'll be able to share your growing plan and results , and try out other members ' growing plans and rate how successful you were with them . If you 're completely new to hydroponic gardening , we think this will be a great way to get started : you tell us you want to grow tomatoes , and we show you a growing plan that 's been rated as being “ easy ” and has been successfully used by other members of the community .
Cost
We 're aiming to retail the Bitponics device at $ 395 . But as a special thank you for supporting this project , we 're offering it for pledges $ 250 and up . With a purchase , you become a member of the online Bitponics community . You 'll be able to store 1 year 's worth of growing history and hundreds of photos on the Bitponics website . And we 'll have extra membership tiers if you want to store unlimited growing history .
If you just want to try out the website without buying a device ( like if you just want to create a growing plan that sends you email reminders ) , we 'll have a completely free tier that lets you store 6 months of growing history . And we 're big believers in people owning their own data , so we 'll always provide an easy way for you to export all of your logs and photos .
Open Source Hardware
We 're open sourcing the device and its firmware , allowing everyone to contribute to the development of the Bitponics platform . If you 've got some tech skills , you could add additional functionality , like adding more sensors or sending logged data to services besides the Bitponics website . And we 're writing the device firmware in the popular Arduino programming language , which will make it accessible and easy to tinker with .
Education
We think that Bitponics will be an amazing resource for schools . Kids will be able to get unprecedented insight into the environmental factors that support plant growth . And with the community aspect , schools across the country could run collaborative experiments : imagine two schools running the same growing plan , with the same seeds and setup , but with one using fluorescent lights and the other using LED 's . Think of how much students could learn about photosynthesis and how it relates to different wavelengths of light !
Now think of all the other experiments being run across the gardening community . How much knowledge is gained every season by hydroponic growers , each trying out little tweaks to their garden to see if it 'll make their plants happier ? Imagine if all of a sudden , we could all share that with each other in real-time . What could we learn by looking at past growing history , comparing it to current results , and examining how each environmental factor played its part in our plants ' health ? Let 's find out !
Partners
We 've already discussed partnerships with various organizations including Boswyck Farms and Dekalb Market Farm . So as soon as the system 's ready , we 'll be able to bring Bitponics to the the educational environments and communities that will benefit the most from it .
Where We 're At & Where Your Money Will Go
We 've developed functioning prototypes of the device and software . Your contribution will help us fund initial manufacturing costs . We 've finalized all the sensors and are now working to refine the WiFi system to make setup dead simple . For the more complex sensors , pH and PPM , we partnered with local bioengineers Atlas Scientific . We 've chosen to manufacture the board through Seeed Studio because of our past experience with them . The goal is to send the final design out for fabrication late July . By mid-September we will receive the boards and begin testing and final assembly to begin shipping out in December .
On the software side , we 've completed designs and are currently hard at work developing the website and back-end . Once the site is ready for beta , we 'll be developing apps for iPhone and Android . Your contribution will allow us to dedicate the resources to make the website & apps as awesome as we know they can be .
If we meet our funding goal , we plan to deliver the first batch of devices and have the software beta ready in September .
CTVNews.ca Staff
The World Health Organization has warned that the Zika virus is “ spreading explosively , ” and with three cases now confirmed in Canada , travellers are being told to consult their doctors .
Health Minister Jane Philpott told reporters in Ottawa Thursday that all three cases reported in Canada were acquired outside of the country , and that risk of the mosquito-borne virus spreading locally is low .
However , Philpott is encouraging Canadians planning to travel internationally to read the warning on the Public Health Agency of Canada 's website . The warning states , in part , that pregnant women and those considering becoming pregnant should discuss their travel plans with health care providers .
Two of the cases were confirmed in B.C . travellers . One had been to El Salvador and the other to Colombia , according to the BC Centre for Disease Control . The third case was in an Alberta traveller who returned from an unidentified country .
Pregnant Vancouver woman Elana Lanteigne said Wednesday that she had decided not to go on a trip booked to the Dominican Republic after cases were confirmed there and her doctor had warned against going .
However , she had been told she would not be getting a refund . “ I 'm hoping travel companies become a bit more compassionate , ” she said .
On Thursday , Air Canada , Sunwing and Air Transat announced they will allow changes to flights for pregnant passengers who provide doctor 's notes . WestJet , meanwhile , said it will provide refunds in the form of travel credit to anyone booked on flights to affected countries .
Minister Philpott 's warning came just as the World Health Organization announced it will host an emergency committee on Monday to decide if the outbreak should be declared an international health emergency .
In a statement Thursday , WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan said there is an “ extremely high ” level of concern about the virus , which may be linked to a serious birth defect and neurological problems in some parts of South America .
“ Questions abound . We need to get some answers quickly , ” she said .
Although there is still no proof that Zika is responsible for a sudden spike in the number of babies being born in Brazil with abnormally small heads – a condition called microcephaly -- a causal relationship between the virus and birth defects “ is strongly suspected , ” the WHO statement said .
“ The possible links , only recently suspected , have rapidly changed the risk profile of Zika , from a mild threat to one of alarming proportions , ” Chan said .
The virus is also being linked to an increase in cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome , a condition in which the body 's immune system attacks the nervous system .
The Zika virus has spread to more than 20 countries in the Americas in the last year . It is transmitted by a species of daytime mosquito called Aedes aegypti .
Earlier this week , the WHO said the virus is likely to spread to every country in the Americas , except Canada and continental Chile .
Dr. Chan said Thursday WHO is concerned about the lack of immunity in the newly affected areas in the Americas , as well as the absence of a vaccine , any specific treatments , or any rapid diagnostic tests .
“ For all these reasons , I have decided to convene an Emergency Committee under the International Health Regulations , ” she said , adding that the committee would meet in Geneva .
“ I am asking the committee for advice on the appropriate level of international concern and for recommended measures that should be undertaken in affected countries and elsewhere . I will also ask the Committee to prioritize areas where research is most urgently needed . ”
An international team of researchers including Laval University 's Gary Kobinger , are among those working to develop a vaccine .
Dr. Vanessa Allen , the chief of microbiology with Public Health Ontario , told Canada AM on Thursday that it usually takes a decade for a vaccine to be developed , tested and produced .
Allen said she feels the concern about Zika virus is justified .
“ It 's in a population that has never been exposed to this virus , ” she said . “ A lot of people are getting sick and I think it 's appropriate for us to mobilize in this case . I think there 's a lot still to be learned about the virus . ”
Allen said her hope is that the wealth of knowledge around the world can be mobilized to begin working on ways to protect people from the virus .
That process could be expedited the way it was for the Ebola virus , she said . In that case , a vaccine went to the human trials stage much faster than normal . But she said a vaccine is likely a long way off , even in the best-case scenario .
“ Certainly , it would not be in the phase of several months ; it would be several years , ” Allen said .
Millions of asymptomatic cases
In a conference call with journalists Thursday , Sylvain Aldighieri , head of WHO 's epidemic response team in the Americas , said there could be as many as 3 to 4 million cases of Zika in the Americas over the next year .
He said that estimate was based on the previous spread of dengue fever , which is also carried by the same mosquito species .
But Aldighieri noted that the vast majority of those cases will be asymptomatic , meaning they wo n't show the typical rash and fever that Zika infection can cause in 20 per cent or patients . This `` silent circulation '' of the disease may make tracking the virus ' spread more difficult , he said .
Dr. Bruce Aylward , who runs WHO 's outbreaks and health emergencies department , noted in the conference call that there is a lot of uncertainty on these estimates which are likely to change as more is learned about the virus and its spread .
He added that WHO is working with both the global scientific community and industry leaders to help develop a Zika virus test , treatments and perhaps a vaccine . He added that Monday 's emergency meeting will also look to prevent “ inappropriate ” travel or trade bans .
With a report from CTV National 's Peter Akman and files from The Associated Press
Updated : May 8 , 2017 , with new sales tax reports for April and more information on April income tax collections .
April is the most important month for collections of the personal income tax ( PIT ) , California 's largest state government revenue source , as well as a significant month for corporation tax ( CT ) payments . Based on preliminary tax agency data , combined collections of California 's `` Big Three '' General Fund taxes ( PIT , sales taxes , and CT ) fell $ 934 million short of the administration 's projections for the month of April alone . This essentially wipes out prior months ' gains , leaving Big Three collections $ 136 million ( 0.1 % ) below projections for the 2016-17 fiscal year to date .
April Results Negate Revenue Gains Made Earlier This Fiscal Year . For the Big Three taxes combined , the state ended March $ 780 million above the administration 's 2016-17 year-to-date projections , as shown in Figure 1 . Preliminary data , however , indicate that Big Three tax collections fell $ 934 million short of the administration 's monthly projection in April . Accordingly , the April result wiped out the positive revenue results observed through March . ( The table at the end of this post details the preliminary April results . )
Good News : PIT Withholding . Withholding from paychecks was strong in April , totaling $ 4.8 billion . This preliminary number exceeded the administration 's projection for the month by $ 418 million ( 9.6 % ) . This result builds on withholding gains made earlier in the fiscal year . Specifically , through the first 10 months of 2016-17 combined , collections from withholding now exceed the administration 's January projections by $ 560 million ( 1.2 % ) . Compared to the same 10 months in 2015-16 , PIT withholding for 2016-17 to date is up by $ 3.3 billion ( 7.3 % ) .
Bad News : Other PIT Collections . April FTB collections , however , fell short of the administration 's monthly projections by $ 922 million ( 7.7 % ) , based on preliminary data . This was the combination of a $ 650 million shortfall in final payments on 2016 tax liabilities , as well as a $ 271 million shortfall in extension and other payments , which generally relate to 2016 tax liabilities . Quarterly estimated payments on taxpayers ' 2017 tax liabilities , on the other hand , came in right on the administration 's monthly target . Compared with receipts from April 2016 , there was essentially no year-over-year growth in estimated and extension payments received in April . Notably , however , final payments in April 2017 were down 11.8 % from April 2016 . In addition , as shown below , FTB processed $ 3.4 billion of PIT refund claims during April , or 4 % more than projected .
Follow @ LAOEconTax on Twitter for regular California economy and tax updates .
Grimoald III ( died 806 ) was the Lombard Prince of Benevento from 788 until his own death . He was the second son of Arechis II and Adelperga . In 787 , he and his elder brother Romoald were sent as hostages to Charlemagne who had descended the Italian peninsula as far as Salerno to receive the submission of Benevento . In return for peace , Arechis recognised Charlemagne 's suzerainty and handed Grimoald over as a hostage .
When his father and brother both died in 788 , Grimoald was allowed to return to Italy . He recognised Frankish overlordship , but was permitted practical independence in return for defending Italy from the Eastern Romans . In 788 he faced a Roman invasion commanded by Adelchis , the son of the last Lombard king , Desiderius . A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand , Duke of Spoleto , joined Grimoald and defeated Adelchis on the coast soon after his landing .
Later , Grimoald tried to throw off Frankish suzerainty , but Charlemagne 's sons , Pepin of Italy and Charles the Younger , forced him to submit in 792 .
Sources [ edit ]
A mother of two teenage children who lives only 500 metres from a wind turbine at the Corkermore site where a rotor blade broke of in last week 's storm , has for the first time spoken publicly about wind farms .
On reading the comments in the Donegal News last Friday from Cllr John Boyle that their was ‘ no danger ' from the sheared blade , Ms Carol Duddy contacted this paper .
She got planning permission for her home six years ago in the Corkermore area when there was no mention of erecting wind turbines .
“ Cllr Boyle said the turbines were no problem for the neighbours – he was n't speaking for me and I live closest to one . I am not happy with the noise and the flicker effect and I am particularly concerned that a blade could brake off . What would have happened if it had hit someone or my house ?
Advertisement
“ We have seen a turbine collapse and if one of these did it would not be far from my back door , ” Ms Duddy said .
She contacted Donegal County Council after the blade broke off last week and was told it had nothing to do with them .
“ I am very annoyed and they are looking to erect another four of these turbines – my house actually vibrates .
“ Up until now I have said nothing as I just wanted to keep the peace but now I want to know who is answerable if something happens . I rang the windfarm operators and the Health and Safety Authority and no one has come back to me , ” Ms Duddy concluded .
Homeowner pleads with Council over turbine hell Ms Duddy lives only 500 metres from a wind turbine at the Corkermore site , halfway between Ardara and ...
North West Garden Show – Strong roots for success in Castlefin NEXT week 's North West Garden Show in Castlefin is expected to attract in the region of 20,000 visitors as ...
Bay Area rents are hitting their highest levels ever , according to a report Wednesday , and they 're being pushed up by demand from an improving jobs market and the lingering hangover from the housing recession .
Record rents were found across the region — from Walnut Creek to Oakland to San Jose , according to a report by RealFacts , a rental information service that analyzed rents in apartment complexes with 50 or more units .
“ They are absolutely at all-time highs , ” said RealFacts spokesman Nick Grotjahn .
In San Jose , the average monthly apartment rent jumped 10.1 percent to $ 1,811 during the past year . That tops the previous high of $ 1,674 set in 2001 .
San Jose was n't the only Bay Area city setting a record : Oakland saw a 14.4 percent rise to $ 1,835 ; Walnut Creek an 11.9 percent leap to $ 1,620 , and San Francisco a 12.9 percent jump to $ 2,734 .
Experts attribute the rent increases in part to the region 's improving job market , particularly in the tech sector .
“ What 's going on here ? It 's jobs , ” Grotjahn said .
An equal force behind the soaring costs of apartment living is the housing market , which has yet to fully recover from the financial crisis of 2008 , experts said . In many cases , those who want to buy a home ca n't get a loan and are forced to rent . Others , still not confident that the economy is fully on the mend , prefer not to own right now . And in some communities , the lack of houses for sale means renters ca n't find homes to buy .
Soaring rents may benefit landlords , but they are n't good for the overall economy , said Richard Carlson , chairman of Spectrum Economics , which has offices in California .
“ What it means is you 've got millions of people who would normally buy forced into the rental market and they bid the rents up , ” he said . “ People are forced into smaller and smaller units . They are paying a higher and higher percentage of their income for rent . And that means they ca n't spend money on other things , so everybody is hurt . This is happening everywhere ( in the nation ) . ”
Increasing rents are squeezing Bay Area residents like Claudia Gardetto , who lives in a two-bedroom Fremont apartment with her husband and three children for $ 1,300 a month .
“ We 've been wanting to rent a three-bedroom house , ” she said . But homes in areas that are appealing to the young family have rents ranging from $ 1,800 to $ 2,200 a month . “ I do n't want to pay that much for rent , ” said Gardetto , who works as a patient advocate in a health clinic .
And they do n't want to move to Tracy , where rents are much cheaper , because it would mean she and her husband would have long and costly commutes to jobs in the Bay Area . Meanwhile , buying a home is out of the question .
“ It 's hard to save money to even put a down payment on a house , ” she said .
Rents have risen steadily since the second quarter of 2010 in the counties of Santa Clara , San Mateo , San Francisco , Alameda and Contra Costa , RealFacts said .
In Santa Clara and San Benito counties , rents have jumped 5.6 percent from the first quarter , to $ 1,961 a month , RealFacts said . That 's the biggest quarterly increase among 44 metro markets tracked by the Novato company . Rents in the region that includes five counties — including Marin , San Francisco , San Mateo , Alameda and Contra Costa — were up 3.1 percent , from $ 1,753 a month to $ 1,808 , the company said .
The incessant rent increases could slow this summer as many people lock in one-year leases before the start of the school year , said Ron Stern of Bay Rentals in San Jose .
“ I do n't see major increases a year from now , ” he said .
And landlords are apt to keep rent hikes to a minimum if they have tenants they like . “ They are not going to charge more if the tenants are good , ” Stern said .
Still , the rental market now is as tough as he has ever seen it , he said . So renters need to act quickly if they see something they want .
“ If you see a place you like and you do n't take your checkbook out and write a check , chances are it 's gone , ” Stern said .
Rents in some smaller complexes are negotiable , he added , depending on the renter 's credit history . “ They 're looking for good tenants , as opposed to huge rent increases , ” Stern said .
Contact Pete Carey at 408-920-5419 .
Last week it was announced that Snipedown and Pistola would be leaving OpTic Halo after placing 5th/6th at The Master Chief Collection Invitational . For the past few days rumors have been swirling on the forums and twitter about what move would be made next for the duo .
Hello everyone 🙂 I have an announcement ! Please RT to spread the word , oh , and also ! http : //t.co/VsnLfytH8W pic.twitter.com/TgSTvvWIjo — Eric Wrona ( @ Snip3down ) November 21 , 2014
Today it was announced that Snipedown , Pistola , Lunchbox and Roy would be joining the Evil Geniuses brand . This is the first time a Halo team will compete under the Evil Geniuses name , console fans will also remember Evil Geniuses picking up the now defunct Call of Duty team earlier this year .
With the new roster , this also marks the return of Roy , Lunchbox and Pistola back together for the first time since 2012 when they were formerly known as Instinct . The trio had multiple tournament wins for Halo : Reach at Major League Gaming . Towey will also be back as their coach for the Halo Championship Series .
What do you think about the new Evil Geniuses Halo team ? Discuss the news on our forums now !
Source : Evil Geniuses
Get the biggest Rangers stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
RANGERS right-back James Tavernier admits being treated like a superstar by the Ibrox faithful has taken a bit of getting used to .
The former Wigan man has got off to a flier with the Light Blues , bagging five goals in seven appearances already , including a couple of stunning free-kicks .
And having spent most of his career to date as a bit-part player or loanee , he 's relishing his status as a hero to the Gers fans .
Tavernier , 23 , said : “ The main aim this season was to play regular football and be in the team week in , week out .
“ I 've lacked that throughout my career , either because of being recalled from loans or because of an injury .
“ I 'm just happy that I 've found stability and a love of football all over again . I 'm thriving on it .
“ You ca n't soak it up quickly enough just how big this club is and the way the fans respond to you in the streets .
“ I think they know the club 's going in the right direction and they 're really happy with what they 've seen so far . ”
Watch one of the goals that has made Rangers fans adore James Tavernier :
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Tavernier revealed the early kick-offs for live TV have also come as a shock to his system .
He said : “ One of the things that set me back was the lunchtime kick-offs because I 've never done that before .
“ Eating salmon and pasta at half nine in the morning was weird at first but you get used to it . I stick to the same pre-match meal no matter what . It seems to work well for me , so I 'll have salmon and pasta for my Sunday breakfast before our game against Queen of the South . ”
Tavernier , who played against Queens in a pre-season friendly – is looking forward to the game but has been made aware that Palmerston was a bit of a bogey ground for Rangers last season .
He said : “ The record shows we lost two games down there last season . They 're obviously good at home but we 'll go down there as we do for every game .
“ We 'll come up with a game-plan and we 'll stick to what we know best . Hopefully we 'll get the win .
“ I played against Queen of the South for Wigan in La Manga during their pre-season .
“ We got the win but it 's difficult to judge them on a pre-season game , especially in 35-degree heat .
“ They got on the ball and passed well . I was concentrating fully on Wigan at that point as nothing happened with Rangers until a few weeks later .
“ We 're going down there with a lot of confidence and hopefully we can replicate what we did on Wednesday at Airdrie .
“ You always like to hear that you have n't won at a ground in so long because it makes you hungrier to score goals , keep clean sheets and play some really good football .
“ We want to send the fans home happy . ”
Tavernier was thrilled with the contribution of on-loan Arsenal midfielder Gedion Zelalem after he made his Rangers debut in the midweek League Cup win in Lanarkshire .
He added : “ Gedion is very good on the ball . He 's confident with the ball at his feet which is what you want from a midfielder .
“ When you play the ball in to them , you want them to be able to take it under pressure .
“ He showed his qualities in the game on Wednesday and I think there 's a lot more to come .
“ When Gedion watched the previous game against Hibs he was sitting in a crowd of 50,000 fans and he was overwhelmed by the support .
“ After the game people were asking for his autograph even though he 'd just signed .
“ He was thrown by that and I 'm sure he 's soaking it up . ”
At this point I have spent about 6 hours in total running around in Funcom 's latest MMO , The Secret World . Up to this point I had n't really fully decided if I liked the game or not . From what I am seeing floating around , seems like most people are having similar mixed emotions . The game is an odd mixture of really good elements , and horrifically bad elements . Up to now I was n't quite sure if the good were good enough to make me ignore the bad .
The Ugly and Awkward
The Secret World focuses heavily on the story of this dark setting . The problem is , the cut scenes and voice acting that make up the otherwise well written story are tragically bad . The motion of the characters are rigid and mannequin-like as then bend in impossibly puppet like directions . The voice acting varies greatly between extremely well done , to tragically confused accents .
The saddest part about this is that the dialog is actually extremely well written . The characters are interesting enough to make you take note of them and remember their names . They weave a story of a world gone wrong . Instead of giving it to you in a sea of quest text that you likely wont ever read , you have to draw it out of the characters a line at a time . In traditional roleplaying game fashion , each question has multiple answers , and talking to the NPC yields different results each time . When you have heard all the possible results , a green check mark shows up at the end of the prompt .
So the game world is intricate and engaging , but you are forced to sit through a sequence of awkward cut scenes and often times lousy voice overs to get to the meat of the game . In SWTOR you could skip through the voice over , and still be able to read the text by hitting the spacebar . Unfortunately right now there is no option like this , and you are forced to make a decision between sitting patiently through the rough movies , or skipping them entirely with the escape key and having no clue what is actually going on .
The biggest detractor the game has right now is the fact that in order to get into any action at all , I had to sit through literally 45 minutes of cut scenes and FedEx quests in London before I could actually go do anything interesting . I 've heard this intro was unique to the beta weekend , and I really hope they either greatly reduce it , or remove it entirely . Once you get to Kingsmouth the game becomes fun and interesting , but up to that point you feel like you are having to suffer through a mile of bad road .
The Really Good
The atmosphere of the game is amazing . When you land in Kingsmouth you are surrounding by a town besieged by zombies and other things that go bump in the night . Little gatherings of survivors fight to stay alive in the midst of the ravenous hordes . The game feels like a really good World of Darkness gaming session . I was expecting to need to roll 7d10 for Initiative at any moment . It has been years since a game made me physically jump , and as I wandered around the small town , I jumped several times as a zombie horde rushed out of hiding at me .
The game is pretty much standard role playing game fare , talk to NPCs , get a quest and them complete it by following on screen guidance . Where the game differs greatly however is the fact that your standard MMO trope of batching up a bunch of quests simply does not work here . The system really is designed for you to focus on a single quest , and then follow it through to its logical conclusion . When you pick up additional quests they go into a 6 quest queue , but only one can be actively worked on at a given time .
I actually found myself taking notes as I played , trying to remember where I had seen quest objects in the world to interact with and accept the quest after I finished the one I was on . I found a severed arm , a damaged pda , a suspicious body , forgotten mail , all beckoning me to figure out what exactly was up with each . Over the hours of play , I have been working my way through a laundry list of objectives I found both from various NPCs and out in the “ wild ” .
Level-less system still has levels
I went into the beta assuming this would be the case , but there is no such thing as a level-less system . While there is no magical number that appears on your character , there is a mechanism in place that determines how well you perform verses the various mobs . I have not entirely reasoned out how it works , but it seems as you gain more Skill Points and Anima Points you gain additional hit points . So essentially , the number of points you have accumulated roughly equates to your level .
Monsters in the world have a “ con ” , just like they do in any other game . White mobs are roughly equivalent to your own level , and Yellow are much harder . I 've heard there are other colors that denote different relations , but to this point I have not encountered them . Normal mobs are marked with a dot , if you see more than one icon on their nameplate , it means they come as part of a group . I 've run into several mobs that are marked with a flag , and they seem to be some form of a mini-boss classification .
Atmosphere : Dice Included
So essentially you have all the same characteristics of a traditional mmo , they are just wrapped in a more pen and paper dynamic . Honestly the entire game feels like it came from one of my late night Werewolf : The Apocalypse sessions , tracking down the taint of the Wyrm . One of the first equipable items I got as a drop , were Dice . I can see several different games here . Parts of it feel like Matrix Online , other parts like Grand Theft Auto 3 , and even others like the early PSX Survival Horror titles .
As I walk down the foggy streets near the shore , I had multiple flashbacks to playing Silent Hill . Honestly so far I have yet to see any reason why this game has to be an MMO at all . The atmosphere is great , I love the town , the abandoned cars , and the crude fortifications the survivors have thrown up . One of the early quests I did involve helping the Sherriff defend the barricades against hordes of oncoming zombies . Each time a new wave would spawn in the distance , a “ tornado ” siren would start up warning against their arrival .
Forgettable Combat
At the beginning of this post , I mentioned that I had withheld my opinion on whether or not I was able to look past the bad and see the good . As I have played the game more , around hour three , it started growing on me . I can see the potential I guess . The game is still very rough , there are a good number of awkward and confused things about it , but there is also a good deal of raw intricacy there . Part of the reason why I love Everquest 2 so much , is because the game exudes depth , and even in one small coastal town I can see depth to spare .
There are going to be several folks that will be turned off as a whole by the game . I 'm nearing the end of at least one of the skill trees , and to this point combat is still wholesale forgettable . I went with a blade build , that overall feels much like the Katana Scrapper in City of Heroes . So far however , it seems like my PBAOE resource builder attack , is somewhat of an I-Win button . I can run into a pack of zombies and just brainlessly spam it until I win a prize .
When I face bigger baddies , I have to use more or two other attacks , but overall the combat is pretty mindless . So long as I am careful with what I attack , and watch out for drawn areas on the ground to avoid , I can pretty much defeat anything without much issue . That is n't to say that I have not taken more than my fair share of deaths . Before I had the basics of the “ con ” system explained to me , I was trying to take down mini bosses and much higher level monsters that I could realistically handle . The big problem is , nowhere during the tutorial does it ever explain how you should actually play the game .
The Rundown
So far I really like what I see . I like the look and feel of the world . Unfortunately the game has a long way to go before it will be ready for the bulk of the MMO market . By the large number of negative reviews I have already seen this weekend , the game is just accessible enough for most people . Personally I am looking for games more like EQ2 , and less like WoW/Rift/SWTOR . So all the extra fluff this game has , really appeals to me , and I can look past some of the akward combat and cutscenes for the time being .
What has me most concerned is the fact that this game is supposedly shipping in roughly a months time . Based on the multiple alphas and betas I have participated in over the years , I see multiple months worth of solid work here . If this title launches as it is , I am afraid it will fail to find a stable market . I know now that I will likely play it when it launches , but I will also be playing EQ2 , GW2 , and probably others . The game has to be a bit more polished than it is now if it hopes to win even my full attention .
I am looking forward to spending more time working through Kingsmouth . I hope by the next beta , we see a good amount of polish applied . I am really hoping that they can poke and prod and tweak everything to make the overall experience better . They 've nailed the atmosphere , and they have some really good writing , the delivery just gets lost in all the lousy animation . Hopefully they will work on all of this , because I see a game that will be really fun if they do .
Ultimately the final challenge will be in pumping out the content . SWTOR was a fun theme park ride , but after riding the roller coaster to completion three times , I just do n't care to ride it any more . The storytelling , voice , and cinematics were an amazing tour de force . When the story is over however , there just was nothing left I cared to do . The Secret World will have to find a way to avoid the same trap WoW , Rift and SWTOR did n't . The end game has to be something other than raiding , pvp and dailies . Here is to hoping they find a way to make the game stay relevant once you reach the ultimate cap .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Javier Pastore has offered himself to Inter according to Tuttosport in a bid to secure the move he currently craves .
The Argentine playmaker has long been linked with the Nerazzurri and is believed to have revealed to his teammates in recent days that he will be moving on from Paris Saint Germain in the upcoming January transfer window .
The 28-year-old is one of many players under consideration as Inter look to strengthen in order to remain in the Champions League places for next season .
Bologna 's Simone Verdi is another name regularly linked but he has stressed he does not see himself leaving the club at least until the summer . Manchester United 's frozen out Henrikh Mkhitaryan is another option and the Armenian could be involved in a swap deal with Joao Mario if reports are to be believed . Barcelona 's Gerard Deulofeu is a newer name in Inter 's notebook as is Shakhtar Donestsk 's attacking midfielder Bernard .
Now that we 've cooled down a little bit from all the LEGO Scooby-Doo news this morning , let 's turn our attention to LEGO Star Wars . There 's a new image coming out of Eurobricks of a Stormtrooper Sergeant ( 5002938 ) minifigure polybag from the Rebels line . There 's no mentioning of how it will be distributed because it 's not on our list of 2015 promotions . If I were to guess , it will be available to volunteers who participate in the 2015 LEGOLAND California Star Wars Days by building and bringing a MOC to display . I 'll have to confirm with Ace from FBTB later if this is the minifigure that will be given out or not . I would also guess that it 'll be available to the general public at a later date , most likely as a gift with purchase .
Update : There 's also reports that the Stormtrooper Sergeant will be available in a goodie bag for the first 500 visitors to the park who are dressed up in a Star Wars costume .
Grizzlys Wolfsburg are a professional ice hockey club of the German professional ice hockey league Deutsche Eishockey Liga . They play their games at Eisarena in Wolfsburg . The professional team is named after the title character of The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams , while the parent club is known as EHC Wolfsburg .
The team enjoys substantial financial support from the Czech automobile manufacturer Škoda Auto , which in turn belongs to the Wolfsburg-based Volkswagen Group . Grizzlys themselves have been engaged in providing support to a nearby bear park . [ clarification needed ]
History [ edit ]
Wolfsburg earned their first promotion to the DEL in 2004 . However after one season , they were relegated back to 2.Bundesliga due to their arena not meeting league standards . In 2006 , Eisarena Wolfsburg opened , allowing the club to return to the DEL , where they have remained since .
The 2010–11 season marked the first time the club advanced to the league championship series , but they were swept by Eisbären Berlin .
Honors [ edit ]
Winners [ edit ]
Deutsche Eishockey Liga Championship : 2011 , 2016 , 2017
Season records [ edit ]
Old logo
Season Games Won Lost Tie OTL SOL Points Goals
for Goals
against Rank Playoffs 2004–05 52 19 29 0 4 - 58 134 174 13 Relegated 2007–08 56 19 34 - 2 1 55 152 202 13 No Playoffs 2008–09 52 26 20 - 5 1 83 180 141 7 Lost in Quarterfinals 2009–10 56 33 19 - 2 2 97 192 152 3 Lost in Semifinals 2010–11 52 31 13 - 2 6 96 156 116 1 Lost in Finals 2011–12 52 25 17 - 1 3 91 174 122 3 Lost in Quarterfinals 2012–13 52 19 23 - 2 2 73 142 150 10 Lost in Semifinals 2013–14 52 25 19 - 2 1 88 151 125 6 Lost in Semifinals 2014–15 52 28 18 - 3 3 84 152 136 7 Lost in Semifinals 2015–16 52 25 19 - 3 1 87 151 118 4 Lost in Finals 2016–17 52 30 16 - 5 1 91 153 128 5 Lost in Finals 2017–18 52 19 20 - 5 2 76 153 146 7 Lost in Quarterfinals
Current roster [ edit ]
Updated August 22 , 2018 . [ 1 ]
DATE : Nov 2 , 2011 | BY : Steve West | Category : Sci-Fi
Doctor Who 's Karen Gillan said recently that she wants her character , Amy Pond , to die on the show . This would mark the first death of a companion on screen , and would put finality on her character in a way others never get . Even Rose still lives on and could feasibly return to the Doctor 's life , except she belongs forever to the 10th Doctor ; just as Amy belongs to the 11th Doctor .
I can understand Gillan 's desire to differentiate her character from the slew of companions . She 's made a huge impact on the show , and has been a major reason that we accepted Matt Smith so quickly . Amelia Pond is by far my favorite of the main companions , but I 'll admit that the Rose/Tennant relationship is far sweeter . On her own though , Amy ca n't be beat . Lately I 've come to think of Rory , Amy 's husband , as the Doctor 's new companion . I wonder if Rory would stick with the Doctor if Amy died , especially as it would somehow have to be the Doctor 's fault .
Karen 's comments on her wanting Amy Pond to die are very brief . All signs point to Amy 's run ending on the show , and I 'd be happy to see Rory or someone new take up the task . I 'm not opposed to such a momentous event as Amy 's death happening , and I think it could lead to a fantastic self-examination by the Doctor . Perhaps something like this could lead the 11th Doctor to finally confront the “ Who ? ” question .
A man thought to be an Islamic extremist is believed to have shot the windows out of at least two businesses in Alabama City early Sunday to lure police officers to the area and engage them in a shootout .
A man thought to be an Islamic extremist is believed to have shot the windows out of at least two businesses in Alabama City early Sunday to lure police officers to the area and engage them in a shootout .
Luis Ibarra-Hernandez , 21 , from Albertville , was charged today with attempted murder , according to a news release from the Gadsden Police Department .
“ After the man was taken into custody , he reported that he knew he must do something extreme to draw attention to Islam and himself , so he planned to shoot police officers , ” Gadsden Police Capt . Regina May said .
Gadsden police officers responded to alarm calls for glass breakage after doors were shot out about 1:30 a.m. Sunday at AutoZone and Rainbow Food Mart near the intersection of 27th Street and West Meighan Boulevard .
While investigating the broken doors and determining they were shot out , officers heard gunfire and spotted a man near the old CVS building .
The man knew he had been seen and ran toward the Cathedral of Praise Church parking lot , then started firing rounds at the officers .
The man continued to run through several blocks and at one point was in the Dwight Baptist Church parking lot . Shots were fired over about six blocks , and at least eight officers were shot at , before officers talked the man into dropping his weapon .
May said Officer Mitchell James , a trained crisis negotiator , was working off-duty security at another job at the time and heard the radio traffic . He went to the scene and using his patrol car as cover , moved in close enough to take over negotiations started by another officer .
During the fray , the man told officers he wanted to talk about religion and he apparently had displayed some signs at a nearby church .
He was taken into custody between 3 a.m. and 3:30 a.m. after officers pinned him down behind some trees near 30th Street and Western Avenue . No injuries were reported .
“ Gadsden officers showed tremendous discipline by avoiding crossfires , and considering backdrops , ” Gadsden Police Sgt . Tom Bradley said .
No Gadsden officers returned fire according to preliminary reports of the incident . One Etowah County deputy did return fire after being fired upon .
“ We are very fortunate as a city and a police family that no officers were hurt or killed , ” May said . “ Departmental training and sound supervision on the shift contributed to everyone going home unharmed . ”
Actor Rip Torn arrested , charged with breaking into local bank with loaded gun
Actor Rip Torn is shown in a mugshot from an earlier New York state drunken driving arrest . The picture became an Internet station . Actor Rip Torn is shown in a mugshot from an earlier New York state drunken driving arrest . The picture became an Internet station . Photo : AP Photo : AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Actor Rip Torn arrested , charged with breaking into local bank with loaded gun 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
SALISBURY - Actor Elmore `` Rip '' Torn was arrested Friday night for allegedly breaking into a Main Street bank intoxicated , armed with a loaded revolver .
Torn allegedly forced entry into a Litchfield Bancorp building , at 326 Main St. , setting off an alarm , state police from the Troop B barracks in North Canaan said today . When police responded to the alarm around 9:40 p.m. they found Torn `` with a loaded revolver and was highly intoxicated , '' according to a police news release .
Torn allegedly entered the bank through a back window , police confirmed . The small bank appeared untouched in the front and on its left and right sides . A screen resting adjacent to the window was also torn .
The actor was taken into custody without incident , and transported back to the Troop B barracks where he was processed . He is being held there on a $ 100,000 cash bond and is scheduled to appear at Bantam Superior Court on Monday , Feb. 1 , police said .
Torn was charged with carrying a pistol without a permit , carrying a firearm while intoxicated , first-degree burglary , first-degree criminal trespass and third-degree criminal mischief .
Torn , 78 , a Salisbury resident , did not go to jail for a December 2008 drunken driving incident , and was expected to attend a weekend alcohol education program instead .
He had two previous drunken driven charges against him in New York . He was acquitted by a jury in a 2004 drunken driving case and , in a second case , pleaded guilty in 2007 to a lesser charge of being ability impaired , according to published reports .
Police refused to release a videotape of that incident , which allegedly showed him acting belligerently toward officers , because he was granted special probation .
Bantam Superior Court Judge Corinne Klatt approved Torn 's application for the state-approved program . Because Torn had difficulty hearing the judge during that proceeding , she ordered him to submit to an evaluation for a possible hearing disability before he could receive his driver 's license back .
A previous conviction in New York for driving while impaired did not disqualify Torn from the program . He was acquitted on an earlier charge of drunken driving in that state . Since Torn qualified for the program under state law , the prosecutor did not object .
`` Mr. Torn was very happy that the judge thought the Alcohol Education Program was appropriate in his case , '' said Torn 's attorney , A. Thomas Waterfall .
Torn was charged with illegal operation of a motor vehicle while under the influence and failure to drive in the proper lane on Dec. 14 , 2008 .
A bartender at the White Hart Inn reportedly served Torn , but apparently noticed he appeared intoxicated as he was leaving the establishment , according to a police report . Torn reportedly refused a ride home .
State Trooper Roy Dungan followed Torn as he drove a 1994 Subaru Legacy with a Christmas tree tied on top on Route 44 . Torn failed field sobriety tests and was not fully cooperative with the trooper , police said .
Torn reportedly told the trooper he , too , was a police officer and showed him a New York auxiliary police officer identification . Torn also mentioned he was an actor , Dugan said . Much of his slurred responses were punctuated with profanities , Dungan said , and Torn reportedly told Dungan he would go to jail , too .
A microphone in Dungan 's pocket and the video camera attached to the rearview mirror in his cruiser captured the arrest , Dungan said . The video tape may eventually become an exhibit at trial , but is not available to the public , police said .
Torn could not complete all three of the field sobriety tests , police said . He had a difficult time following instructions for the horizontal nystagmus gaze test and was unable to complete the walk-and-turn test , Dungan said .
`` That 's where things fell apart . He started to walk away , '' the trooper said .
Torn complained the China Inn parking lot was not level ground as he staggered toward the road .
`` At that point , I put the handcuffs on him , '' Dungan said .
Instead of attending the 10 or 15 classes offered by the state , Torn was approved to attend the Amethyst Foundation Inc. in Epping , N.Y . The agency is a private , nonprofit organization that offers an intensive weekend substance abuse program .
Torn , a Salisbury resident , is an award-winning actor in film and theater and for the last 50 years has starred in popular films such as `` Dodgeball , '' where he throws wrenches at geeks in tights , and `` Men in Black '' with Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith . Most recently Torn played the role of Josh Hartnett 's father in the film `` August '' and in `` Happy Tears '' with Parker Posey and Demi Moore , and as a lead in the recently released film , `` The Golden Boys '' as Captain Jeremiah Burgess .
The Language of Harry Potter
The Harry Potter novels by J. K. Rowling and the films based on them have spawned an incredible amount of new words and phrases , as well as introducing previously rare words back into mainstream English . Rowling 's work is so broad in scope and well-crafted that the words , names , and terms used deserve a close look , if only to appreciate all the more the world of Harry Potter , Hogwarts , and Wizards and Witches .
The poster here is for the Korean version of the film Harry Potter and the Order of Phoenix . Note how the Hangul script has been nicely stylized to resemble the Englsih alphabet , including the thunderbolt used in the `` H '' and `` P '' of Harry 's name , and the generally gothic quality to the lettering overall . The Korean Hangul is not used this way , except in association with Harry Potter .
Muggle is all about the word that J. K. Rowling is probably best known for besides the names of her main characters .
The Deathly Hallows describes the meaning of the title of the last Harry Potter novel , and what the hallows actually are and mean ( do not read this if you have n't read the book ) .
Wizards and Witches talks all about these words in Harry Potter 's world as well as in our world and in other fantasy stories .
Lord Voldemort takes a close look at the name of the arch-villain and nemesis of Harry Potter throughout the books and films .
Draco Malfoy describes the name of this nasty fellow and what it means , plus the names of his parents and how they are used to portray this evil family .
Order of the Phoenix examines the origins of the name of this group and what it has to do with the ancient Phoenicians .
Hogwarts covers the famous school of witchcraft and wizardry , how it got its name , and what it is all about .
Quidditch describes the name of this sport and the names used in it , how they came to be , and what we know about their origins .
The Four Houses of Hogwarts is all about Gryffindor , Hufflepuff , Ravenclaw , and Slytherin .
The Ministry of Magic looks at the governing body of the wizarding world , its departments and offices , and what it lacks .
Azkaban looks closely at the wizard prison in the world of Harry Potter , its name and reputation .
The Dementors examines these terrifying creatures , their name , and their well-earned reputation .
Acronyms in Harry Potter takes a look at the meaning and wordplay found in OWLs , NEWTS , and SPEW , plus what they become in other languages .
Magic , Spells , Charms , and Curses looks at what these words actually mean and where they come from , since J.K. Rowling is not the first author to use them , though she does so in her own distinctive way .
Latin for Spells goes through the common spells for wizards and witches and where they got their names .
The Unforgivable Curses look at the three forbidden spells , Cruciatus , Imperio , and Avada Kedavra , and the origins of their names .
Potent Potions describes the names and uses of the potions in Harry Potter 's world , and how J.K. Rowling generally comes up with them .
Horcrux explains the use , possible origins and significance of this most evil object and its name .
Diagon Alley takes an in-depth look at the Main Street of the wizarding world , including its many shops and stores .
Pensieve is all about the magical means for managing memories .
Unauthorized Harry covers the unauthorized translations of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , and why the real translation will be worth the wait .
Translating Puns uses examples from the Harry Potter novels to explore the challenges of translating word play among various languages .
Translating Names takes the common names in the Harry Potter novels to see how translators can best come up with good names when translating fiction .
↑ top
BY : JESSICA BEUKER
Sub-Saharan Africa , with its large deserts and deep valleys , is home to a diverse number of communities and villages . It is also home to the giant African pouched rat , a rodent that has become so ubiquitous in African countries that they are seen primarily as an important food source , or as nothing more than a pest . However , thanks to APOPO , a Belgian non-profit that 's been in operation since 1998 , these rats are developing a new reputation .
HeroRATs are carefully trained by APOPO to use their exceptional noses to sniff out landmines . The rats can effectively search 200 sq . metres in 20 minutes , compared to the 25 hours that it would take a human using a mine detector .
HeroRATs are carefully trained by APOPO to use their exceptional noses to sniff out landmines .
The training works using click and scent conditioning . According to APOPO , a click sound is established and reinforced using a food reward . Once the rat learns that the click means food , it will have to search for the TNT scent to earn its reward . From the training centre , the rats are sent out to previously war-ravaged countries to help local communities . About $ 8,000 is needed to train each rat , but according to the Guardian , that cost is a lot cheaper than using human detectors .
Before the mines can be detected , the ground has to be prepared through the softening of soil and removal of trees , shrubs and grass . The HeroRATs will then search any suspected areas in half-metre lanes , usually working two at a time . Once a rat has indicated a mine , which is communicated through a fit of scratching , a metal detector is used to clear a safe lane to the spot . The mine is uncovered with gentle excavation and carefully disarmed .
The rats can effectively search 200 sq . metres in 20 minutes , compared to the 25 hours that it would take a human using a mine detector .
The average mine requires a weight of 11lbs or more to detonate . The heaviest male rats do not exceed 3.3lbs . Since the rats are nocturnal , and not used to such harsh sun conditions , sunscreen is applied to the rats ' ears in order to protect them from skin cancer . Once they are too old to work , or they lose interest , the rats are retired . According to Boredpanda , “ no HeroRATs have died in the line of duty . ”
According to APOPO , there are currently 56 countries and four territories around the world that are affected by landmines . These pose a barrier to development and economic growth . In 2013 , there was a global average of nine mine-related casualties per day .
The training works using click and scent conditioning with positive reinforcement using food .
HeroRATS are also being used in labs to sniff out tuberculosis—another large problem on the African continent .
The average mine requires a weight of 11lbs or more to detonate . The heaviest male rats do not exceed 3.3lbs .
In 2013 , there was a global average of nine mine-related casualties per day . APOPO is working to change this , and in the process is changing the way people think of giant pouched rats .
Sources : globalgiving.org , boredpanda.com
A swarm of bees congregated on a tree at the Muhammad Ali Center on Sunday across from a mural with text from his famous quote . ( Photo : Kelly Recker )
Thousands around Louisville came out to the Muhammad Ali Center over the weekend to pay their respects to the late boxer and humanitarian -- even insects .
At the museum Sunday , officials needed to call a beekeeper after a swarm of bees congregated in a tree directly across from a mural with the famous Muhammad Ali quote , `` Float Like a Butterfly , Sting Like a Bee . '' Ali , who died late Friday in Arizona , used the quote to describe his boxing style .
Kelly Recker , of Fort Jennings , Ohio , said her and husband , Tony , arrived at the Muhammad Ali Center around 9:30 a.m. Sunday . She went to take a picture of the mural , which is across the walkway from the entrance to the museum and noticed the commotion going on behind it .
`` My husband said , 'Oh my God , look at those bees ! ' '' Recker said . `` The limbs were just covered with them . ''
Recker said the beekeeper was using two cardboard boxes and shaking the tree to trap the insects . Aside from the media , about 10 people crowded around to watch .
`` Nobody was really nervous , '' she said . `` Personally , I 've never seen that many bees . ''
A beekeeper was summoned to remove them from the tree . ( Photo : Kelly Recker )
Recker and her husband were in town this weekend visiting the Bourbon Trail when they heard the news of Ali 's death . Her oldest son called them to encourage them to stop at one of the vigils on their drive back through Louisville and pay their respects .
She cited Ali 's importance as a reason to pay their respects . She said she is n't the biggest fan of him as a boxer because of the violence of the sport .
`` I just know he 's an icon , but I never would turn in and watch him , '' she said . `` But everybody seems to know him , and I definitely fall into that category . ''
The Reckers did n't get to witness the final removal of the insects . But Kelly acknowledged that the irony of the situation was not lost .
`` This is just crazy . Just seeing the mural right there , '' she said . `` The tree is right beside the mural . `` ​
A swarm of bees congregated in a tree directly across from a mural at the Muhammad Ali Center depicting his famous quote . ( Photo : Kelly Recker )
Justin Sayers can be reached at 502-582-4252 or jsayers @ gannett.com .
It 's been two weeks since President Trump announced on Twitter that he 'd be banning transgender service in the military , and though there 's still no actual policy in effect , Trump is standing by the decision .
Speaking to the press Thursday , Trump claimed to have “ great respect ” for the transgender community and boasted that many transgender people had voted for him . “ It 's been a very difficult situation and I think I 'm doing a lot of people a favor by coming out and just saying it , ” Trump said . “ As you know , it 's been a very complicated issue for the military — it 's been a very confusing issue for the military — and I think I 'm doing the military a great favor . ”
The Pentagon announced in June of 2016 that it would be immediately lifting the ban for transgender servicemembers who were already serving and that recruitment of new trans servicemembers would begin July 1 of this year . At that time , studies had already been completed and a detailed plan laid out for implementation of the new policy . There was no confusion .
Advertisement
Mere days before July 1 , Defense Secretary James Mattis agreed to a six-month delay for further review before implementation . The Army and Marine Corps had reportedly requested a two-year delay , while the Navy had said it was ready to implement an acceptance policy . Mattis clarified at the time that the delay “ in no way presupposes the outcome of the review . ”
Meanwhile , thousands of transgender servicemembers have been openly serving for over a year , and there has been no disruption to military readiness or unit cohesion . Indeed , the only disruption that remains is the uncertainty as to whether they 'll have their jobs a week from now .
The Broncos regular season may not have ended the way we wanted it to , but at least they 'll get to dry those tears in arid Phoenix , Arizona for their 15th straight bowl appearance . The Motel 6 Cactus Bowl just announced that they 've selected Boise State ( 10-2 ) to appear in their bowl matchup against the Baylor Bears ( 6-6 ) of the Big 12 .
I get that the Broncos sights were set a tad higher , but the MWC bowl tie-ins are not fantastic ... meaning it 's generally NY6 or bust for our Broncos . Of course , playing in a warm weather bowl 2 days after Christmas is n't necessarily a bad thing either . The Broncos ' bowl opponent has also spent plenty of time in the Top 25 the last few seasons as well , although the last few they 've been known for somewhat more nefarious reasons . Frankly , it 's because of the latter that I 'm okay with this bowl matchup ... it will feature two high-powered offenses but also provide a hate-worthy foil for the Broncos to rally against . They no longer have Art Briles ... but they 've shown enough delusion throughout the mess in Waco that they 'll be easy to root against .
Here 's to a Boise State-NIU type of curb stomping for the reeling Bears .
Currently , there are two competing display standards that can provide smoother gameplay and refresh rates synchronized to GPU frame production — Nvidia 's proprietary G-Sync standard , and the VESA-backed Adaptive-Sync ( AMD calls this FreeSync , but it 's exactly the same technology ) . We 've previously covered the two standards , and both can meaningfully improve gaming and game smoothness . Now , Intel has thrown its own hat into the ring and announced that it intends to support the VESA Adaptive-Sync standard over the long term .
This is a huge announcement for the long-term future of the Adaptive-Sync . Nvidia 's G-Sync technology is specific to their own GeForce cards , though a G-Sync monitor still functions normally if hooked to an Intel or AMD GPU . The theoretical advantage of Adaptive-Sync / FreeSync is that it can be used with any GPU that supports the VESA standard — but since AMD has been the only company pledging to do so , the practical situation has been the same as if AMD and Nvidia had each backed their own proprietary tech .
Intel 's support changes that . Dwindling shipments of low-end discrete GPUs in mobile and desktop have given the CPU titan an ever-larger share of the GPU market , which means that any standard Intel chooses to back has a much greater chance of becoming a de facto standard across the market . This does n't prevent Nvidia from continuing to market G-Sync as its own solution , but if Adaptive-Sync starts to ship standard on monitors , it wo n't be a choice just between AMD and Nvidia — it 'll be AMD and Intel backing a standard that consumers can expect as default on most displays , while Nvidia backs a proprietary solution that only functions with its own hardware .
Part of what likely makes this sting for Team Green is that its patent license agreement with Intel will expire in 2016 . Back in 2011 , Intel agreed to pay Nvidia $ 1.5 billion over the next five years . That 's worked out to roughly $ 66 million per quarter , and it 's high-margin cash — cash Nvidia would undoubtedly love to replace with patent agreements with other companies . There 's talk that the recent court cases against Samsung and Qualcomm over GPU technology have been driven by this , but Nvidia likely love to sign a continuing agreement with Intel to allow the company to offer G-Sync technology on Intel GPUs . If Intel is going to support Adaptive-Sync , it 's less likely that they 'd take out a license for G-Sync as well .
The only fly in the ointment is the timing . According to Tech Report , no current Intel GPU hardware supports Adaptive-Sync , which means we 're looking at a post-Skylake timeframe for support . Intel might be able to squeeze the technology into Kaby Lake , with its expected 2016 debut date , but if it ca n't we 'll be waiting for Cannonlake and a 2017 timeframe . Adaptive-Sync and G-Sync are most visually effective at lower frame rates , which means gaming on Intel IGPs could get noticeably smoother than we 've seen in the past . That 's a mixed blessing for AMD , which has historically relied on superior GPU technology to compete with Intel , but it 's still an improvement over an AMD – Nvidia battle where NV holds the majority of the market share .
The subject of this article is from the Pathfinder update .
The information from this article is up-to-date as of 10 August , 2017 .
The information from this article is up-to-date as of 10 August , 2017 .
BotFodder 's Base Builder BotFodder2 Galaxy Euclid Region Eapustafiges Adjunct Star system K-9C BF165 Onsifi Planet BF165-1 Onsifi Oceana Game mode Normal Platform PS4 Release Pathfinder Features Farm Geobay Indoor All Landing pad NipNip Two No Trade terminal Racetrack Yes Yes
BotFodder 's Base is a player base .
Summary & Map [ edit | edit source ]
On the `` far side '' of the planet BF165-1 Onsifi Oceana in K-9C BF165 Onsifi travelers will find , hovering in the sky , BotFodder 's Base ( PS4 ) .
The temperate planet is occasionally subject to cold rains , and has some aggressive fauna , but for the most part the peaceful green waters , green grass , red trees , and blue skies can soothe the weary adventurer , and BotFodder 's Base can provide them with a much-needed shelter and rest .
Base Map [ edit | edit source ]
Map of BotFodder 's Base
There are four levels to the base : the lowest ( below the entry room ) contains only three Storage Containers . Next is the Entry Room , where the Science Terminal welcomes new visitors that come in from the ground ( after a jetpack ride or two to the entry pad ) . Up from that is the Main Deck , where the two landing platforms , two observation lounges ( one facing inward to the island , the other facing to the sea ) , and five workrooms reside ; four of them contain specialist stations , and the `` core '' room contains a Galactic trade terminal . Finally , the top floor contains the five Bio-Domes .
Farmable Resources [ edit | edit source ]
While not BotFodder 's primary farm , there are significant resources in the five biodomes :
RESOURCE PLANTS Albumen Pearl 20 Coryzagen 26 Mordite 10
In addition , the waters of BF165-1 Onsifi Oceana contain significant quantities of Rigogen .
Bargraphics
Offline
Activity : 518
Merit : 500
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do .
Hero MemberActivity : 518Merit : 500Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do . Re : [ ActiveMining ] The Official Active Mining Discussion Thread [ Self-Moderated ] November 11 , 2013 , 03:57:46 PM # 2501 I would like to see the current prospectus followed through before any changes were made , I do n't even believe shareholders could vote to change the prospectus so it would be silly speculating if that is the case .
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous . with an advanced technology . Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum . They may be unsafe , untrustworthy , or illegal in your jurisdiction . Advertise here .
minerpart
Offline
Activity : 280
Merit : 250
IIIIII====II====IIIIII
Sr. MemberActivity : 280Merit : 250IIIIII====II====IIIIII Re : [ ActiveMining ] The Official Active Mining Discussion Thread [ Self-Moderated ] November 11 , 2013 , 03:58:38 PM # 2502 We ca n't expect Ken to be a stockbroker . He would convert the btc as and when needed I 'm sure .
For example if 30btc can get us two more top end miners that will mine us 90btc over their lifetime then thats the sort of business decision I would expect him to make . He has far too much to do already without sitting around watching the price of btc fall and rally .
minerpart
Offline
Activity : 280
Merit : 250
IIIIII====II====IIIIII
Sr. MemberActivity : 280Merit : 250IIIIII====II====IIIIII Re : [ ActiveMining ] The Official Active Mining Discussion Thread [ Self-Moderated ] November 11 , 2013 , 04:06:34 PM # 2503 Quote from : Bargraphics on November 11 , 2013 , 03:57:46 PM I would like to see the current prospectus followed through before any changes were made , I do n't even believe shareholders could vote to change the prospectus so it would be silly speculating if that is the case .
The total percentage cost associated with reinvest are not defined in the IPO agreement . So Ken can reinvest 5 % or 100 % of mined revenue and we have no contractual say in that . But Ken is open and responsive enough to allow us input into this sort of decisions - the most recent example was the feelers he put out on here over the Avalon chip refund application . He went ahead only after consulting on the thread .
So we are consulted and everyone is free to voice their own views on this . But like I say Ken can choose whatever figure he thinks is best . At the moment he is saying that is 50 % but he might want to go higher but wo n't incase investors are not happy . Ofcourse he might think 50 % will be more than enough once we get hashing seriously . The total percentage cost associated with reinvest are not defined in the IPO agreement . So Ken can reinvest 5 % or 100 % of mined revenue and we have no contractual say in that . But Ken is open and responsive enough to allow us input into this sort of decisions - the most recent example was the feelers he put out on here over the Avalon chip refund application . He went ahead only after consulting on the thread.So we are consulted and everyone is free to voice their own views on this . But like I say Ken can choose whatever figure he thinks is best . At the moment he is saying that is 50 % but he might want to go higher but wo n't incase investors are not happy . Ofcourse he might think 50 % will be more than enough once we get hashing seriously .
WikileaksDude
Offline
Activity : 490
Merit : 500
Hero MemberActivity : 490Merit : 500 Re : [ ActiveMining ] The Official Active Mining Discussion Thread [ Self-Moderated ] November 11 , 2013 , 06:00:25 PM # 2505 Quote from : Bargraphics on November 11 , 2013 , 02:02:30 PM Quote from : LorenzoMoney on November 11 , 2013 , 02:00:05 PM
Just a suggestion . Previously , you had used BTCGuild for mining .
Recently switch to Eligius Pooled Mining . Did it in part just out of curiosity .
Discovered that Eligius pays out more than BTCGuild . Also , Eligius allows for the mining speed and income to be viewed publicly by anyone who knows the bitcoin address being used to mine .
http : //eligius.st/~gateway/
Also , Luke and his crew does a very good job of maintaining the site .
Lorenzo Money
Ken , Just a suggestion . Previously , you had used BTCGuild for mining.Recently switch to Eligius Pooled Mining . Did it in part just out of curiosity.Discovered that Eligius pays out more than BTCGuild . Also , Eligius allows for the mining speed and income to be viewed publicly by anyone who knows the bitcoin address being used to mine.Also , Luke and his crew does a very good job of maintaining the site.Lorenzo Money
BTCGuild has 3 % fees
Eligius has 0 %
Ken could be merged mining NMC does he do this currently ( Although it would be next to nothing right now )
Eligius is run by Wizkid057 and they are always helpful and online at Freenode # Eligius
BTCGuild has 3 % feesEligius has 0 % Ken could be merged mining NMC does he do this currently ( Although it would be next to nothing right now ) Eligius is run by Wizkid057 and they are always helpful and online at Freenode # Eligius
Yes this would be a good idea indeed ! Yes this would be a good idea indeed !
EskimoBob
Offline
Activity : 910
Merit : 1000
Quality Printing Services by Federal Reserve Bank
LegendaryActivity : 910Merit : 1000Quality Printing Services by Federal Reserve Bank Re : [ ActiveMining ] The Official Active Mining Discussion Thread [ Self-Moderated ] November 11 , 2013 , 07:51:06 PM # 2507 Quote from : LorenzoMoney on November 11 , 2013 , 02:00:05 PM
Just a suggestion . Previously , you had used BTCGuild for mining .
Recently switch to Eligius Pooled Mining . Did it in part just out of curiosity .
Discovered that Eligius pays out more than BTCGuild . Also , Eligius allows for the mining speed and income to be viewed publicly by anyone who knows the bitcoin address being used to mine .
http : //eligius.st/~gateway/
Also , Luke and his crew does a very good job of maintaining the site .
Lorenzo Money
Ken , Just a suggestion . Previously , you had used BTCGuild for mining.Recently switch to Eligius Pooled Mining . Did it in part just out of curiosity.Discovered that Eligius pays out more than BTCGuild . Also , Eligius allows for the mining speed and income to be viewed publicly by anyone who knows the bitcoin address being used to mine.Also , Luke and his crew does a very good job of maintaining the site.Lorenzo Money
Ken , if you switch , please post the address to the first page of this thread , so we do not have to search for it from 120+ pages of mostly useless crap . Ken , if you switch , please post the address to the first page of this thread , so we do not have to search for it from 120+ pages of mostly useless crap . While reading what I wrote , use the friendliest and relaxing voice in your head .
BTW , Things in BTC bubble universes are getting ugly ....
A new Yale-led study estimates that there are more than 3 trillion trees on Earth , about seven and a half times more than some previous estimates . But the total number of trees has plummeted by roughly 46 percent since the start of human civilization , the study estimates .
Using a combination of satellite imagery , forest inventories , and supercomputer technologies , the international team of researchers was able to map tree populations worldwide at the square-kilometer level .
Their results , published in the journal Nature , provide the most comprehensive assessment of tree populations ever produced and offer new insights into a class of organism that helps shape most terrestrial biomes .
The new insights can improve the modeling of many large-scale systems , from carbon cycling and climate change models to the distribution of animal and plant species , say the researchers .
`` Trees are among the most prominent and critical organisms on Earth , yet we are only recently beginning to comprehend their global extent and distribution , '' said Thomas Crowther , a postdoctoral fellow at the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies ( F & ES ) and lead author of the study .
`` They store huge amounts of carbon , are essential for the cycling of nutrients , for water and air quality , and for countless human services , '' he added . `` Yet you ask people to estimate , within an order of magnitude , how many trees there are and they do n't know where to begin . I do n't know what I would have guessed , but I was certainly surprised to find that we were talking about trillions . ''
The study was inspired by a request by Plant for the Planet , a global youth initiative that leads the United Nations Environment Programme 's `` A Billion Tree Campaign . '' Two years ago the group approached Crowther asking for baseline estimates of tree numbers at regional and global scales so they could better evaluate the contribution of their efforts and set targets for future tree-planting initiatives .
At the time , the only global estimate was just over 400 billion trees worldwide , or about 61 trees for every person on Earth . That prediction was generated using satellite imagery and estimates of forest area , but did not incorporate any information from the ground .
The new study used a combination of approaches to reveal that there are 3.04 trillion trees -- roughly 422 trees per person .
Crowther and his colleagues collected tree density information from more than 400,000 forest plots around the world . This included information from several national forest inventories and peer-reviewed studies , each of which included tree counts that had been verified at the ground level . Using satellite imagery , they were then able to assess how the number of trees in each of those plots is related to local characteristics such as climate , topography , vegetation , soil condition , and human impacts .
`` The diverse array of data available today allowed us to build predictive models to estimate the number of trees at each location around the globe , '' said Yale postdoctoral student Henry Glick , second author of the study .
The resulting map has the potential to inform scientists about the structure of forest ecosystems in different regions , and it can be used to improve predictions about carbon storage and biodiversity around the world .
`` Most global environmental data is thematically coarse , '' said Matthew Hansen , a global forestry expert from the University of Maryland who was not involved in the study . `` The study of Crowther et al . moves us towards a needed direct quantification of tree distributions , information ready to be used by a host of downstream science investigations . ''
The highest densities of trees were found in the boreal forests in the sub-arctic regions of Russia , Scandinavia , and North America . But the largest forest areas , by far , are in the tropics , which are home to about 43 percent of the world 's trees . ( Only 24 percent are in the dense boreal regions , while another 22 percent exist in temperate zones . )
The results illustrate how tree density changes within forest types . Researchers found that climate can help predict tree density in most biomes . In wetter areas , for instance , more trees are able to grow . However , the positive effects of moisture were reversed in some regions because humans typically prefer the moist , productive areas for agriculture .
In fact , human activity is the largest driver of tree numbers worldwide , said Crowther . While the negative impact of human activity on natural ecosystems is clearly visible in small areas , the study provides a new measure of the scale of anthropogenic effects , highlighting how historical land use decisions have shaped natural ecosystems on a global scale . In short , tree densities usually plummet as the human population increases . Deforestation , land-use change , and forest management are responsible for a gross loss of over 15 billion trees each year .
`` We 've nearly halved the number of trees on the planet , and we 've seen the impacts on climate and human health as a result , '' Crowther said . `` This study highlights how much more effort is needed if we are to restore healthy forests worldwide . ''
Researchers from 15 countries collaborated on the study .
For the second time in less than two months , an Alabama jury is unable to agree whether the police leg sweep of an Indian citizen violated the Constitution .
This was the second trial of Madison Police Officer Eric Parker for a jarring sidewalk takedown replayed countless times on American and Indian news stations in February . The first criminal trial at the federal courthouse in Huntsville ended with a hung jury on Sept. 11 .
The retrial began on Oct. 26 . The new jury spent more than three days deliberating after receiving the case on Friday afternoon . But at 3:25 pm . on Wednesday , the jury filed back into the federal courtroom in downtown Huntsville to announce they had reached an impasse .
U.S. District Judge Madeline Hughes Haikala read a note that said despite `` intense discussions ' jury votes in the morning and afternoon showed no hope of consensus .
The judge asked if further deliberations would be productive or not . `` Not , '' said the foreman . She asked : `` Is the jury deadlocked then ? '' The foreman replied : `` Yes , your honor . ''
The judge announced for the second time : `` The court declares a mistrial . ''
Parker , 27 , has said Sureshbhai Patel did not comply with orders to stop , could not answer questions about his identity and resisted attempts to check him for weapons . Parker testified Patel pulled his hands away during a pat down .
Police Officer Eric Parker leaves the federal courthouse in Huntsville , Ala. , on Oct. 29 , 2015 ( Bob Gathany/bgathany @ AL.com )
`` It concerned me that he was going for that weapon I presumed he had , '' Parker told the jury during two hours on the stand on Friday . As for the takedown itself , Parker testified , same as in the first trial : `` I lost my balance , as well , and fell . ''
But the team of three federal prosecutors argued Patel , 57 , is a `` small , old man '' who does not speak English , had just arrived from India a week earlier and did not pose any threat to the pair of officers who confronted him .
Police stopped Patel after a neighbor called police to report a suspicious `` skinny black guy '' walking near the homes in the neighborhood and looking at garages . Patel began to walk away when officers tried to question him . The defense all along has argued that inability to speak English does not allow Patel to ignore police commands .
But the prosecutors argued that Patel was not refusing to comply if he could n't understand the commands .
Federal prosecution gather outside the Huntsville courthouse on Oct. 29 , 2015 . The three prosecutors are Assistant U.S. Attorney Russell Penfield , left , Saeed Mody of the U.S. Department of Justice , center , and Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Posey , right . An FBI agent stands with her back to the camera . ( Bob Gathany/bgathany @ al.com )
Patel himself testified through a Gujarati translator that he just stood there , that he did not jerk nor pull his hands away before the takedown .
`` I did not try to run away but I did go back a couple of steps to show them my house , my house , '' testified Patel on Wednesday . `` They put their hands on me and I was just standing and did not move . ''
During opening statements , defense attorney Robert Tuten told the jury that lack of English does not excuse Patel : `` When you come to the U.S. we expect you to follow our laws and speak our language . ''
During closing statements , Tuten argued : `` The government wants you to give Mr. Patel a free pass because he does n't speak English . ''
But throughout the trial , Tuten repeatedly argued that Patel 's actions led to the takedown , that Patel was not allowed to walk away from police or pull his hand away .
`` He 's got to know the laws , '' said Parker on the stand Friday .
`` Does he ? '' replied Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Posey .
`` He 's got to comply with them , '' said Parker .
The case has divided the small police department for a bedroom community of fewer than 50,000 residents .
Ten Madison police officers testified during the second trial .
That 's three officers for the prosecution , who said the takedown was improper and not consistent with training or policy . Officer Charles Spence , who pulled up just in time to see the takedown , testified he saw no threat from Patel and no cause for force .
Defense attorney Robert Tuten leaving the federal courthouse in Huntsville on Oct. 29 , 2015 ( Bob Gathany/bgathany @ al.com )
`` To me , he appeared to be in his 70s , '' testified Spence on Wednesday . In fact , Spence testified he was the first to see Patel walking down the sidewalk that morning on Feb. 6 , but chose to drive on .
Seven more officers testified for Parker , saying Parker received inadequate defensive training and that taking down a non-compliant subject is consistent with police procedure . Some told the jury that police are not required to hesitate or sustain injury if they suspect a suspect is armed .
`` Would you say what he did was an extremely violent takedown ? '' asked Posey .
`` I would not say that , '' said Sgt . Marc Bray on Thursday .
Tuten asked if officers saw anything in the video that violated department policy ?
`` In my opinion , I did not , '' testified Officer Russell Owens .
During the first trial in early September , there was a whole day of testimony behind closed doors , as the court explored issues related to the communications among police witnesses . That hearing remains sealed .
This new jury watched five officers testify in uniform , another five in coat and tie . They heard from the neurosurgeon who brought in a scale model of the spine and explained how he inserted a metal cage and plate in Patel 's neck after the injury . He testified that such patients rarely regain full ability to walk .
The jury heard from the paramedic in uniform who said Patel was traumatized and then from a police dispatcher who said Parker called in search of crimes in the area to build his case for the stop after the fact .
This time the federal prosecutors brought in their own expert , Capt . Kenny Sanders , a top police trainer in Louisiana . Sanders testified the leg sweep was too violent to be reasonable given the circumstances .
`` Lumberjack , that 's what it reminds me of , somebody cutting down a tree in their yard , '' testified Sanders on Thursday .
Chirag Patel and his father , Sureshbhai Patel , arrive at the federal courthouse in Huntsville on Sept. 1 , 2015 . ( AP Photo/Brynn Anderson )
But Johnny Lee Smith , a blackbelt who helped develop the training regimen for Alabama police academies , testified it was n't even a leg sweep , more of an awkward improvisation and clumsy fall by a poorly trained officer .
`` I do n't see it as a calculated move , '' said Smith .
Parker himself testified for two hours , saying he grabbed Patel 's shoulder to take him down and then lost his balance . The defense this time focused the case on the actions of Patel , repeating the mantra to the jury that police told Patel to stop and then Patel `` took two steps , took seven steps and then took nine more steps . ''
The prosecution instead argued there were lesser alternatives to control Patel . `` He 's a little guy , '' said Posey , challenging another defense expert . `` It 's two on one . ''
But Matthew McCullars , a trainer at an Alabama police academy , answered : `` Size alone can be deceiving . ''
McCullars testified there were signs of resistance by Patel . `` The predominant indicator that was most clear was the continued moving away . '' He also said that Patel appeared to turn toward Parker at one point . `` It was difficult to see . It looked like maybe a head turn . ''
Prosecutors argued that police may not have to hesitate to use force , but they do n't get to slam people facefirst into the ground and ask questions afterwards . They argued the move was sure to cause injury .
The jury watched the video 10 times , including two replays during defense testimony as Parker explained how Patel resisted the pat down , pulled his hands away and then they fell . Some replays were in slow motion , several zoomed in , some versions weaving together different dashboard cameras to create a seamless video narrative .
Ten Madison current and former police officers testified during the retrial of Officer Eric Parker . Three testified for the prosecution and seven for the defense . ( Challen Stephens/cstephens @ al.com )
After an hour and half with the case on Friday , the jury asked to see the video again .
The jury also asked about the length of sentence for Parker . He faces up to 10 years in prison . But U.S. District Judge Madeline Hughes Haikala told the jury they do n't get to know and that the sentence is not a factor in determining guilt .
The jury on Friday also asked for a definition of `` willful , '' the key concept in both trials . The civil rights statute requires not only that the officer use excessive force , but that the officer do so willfully . Basically , Parker had to mean to deprive Patel of his constitutional right to be free from unreasonable force .
Haikala on Friday instructed the jury that willful in this context meant `` with the specific intent to do something the law forbids . '' She had also told the jury that reckless disregard can be evidence of intent .
In early September , the first jury deadlocked 10-2 in favor of acquittal . Jurors told Al.com they split along race and gender lines . Two black women argued for guilty . Ten men , none of whom were black , argued for acquittal .
The new jury was flipped , packed with nine women this time and just three men . The new jury had four black members , including the foreman . As of late Monday , the foreman told the judge they were having `` good discussions . ''
Tuten throughout had told the jury that Parker acted in the interest of police safety while doing a difficult and dangerous job . `` The event , this incident , was escalated by what Mr. Patel did . All he had to do was stand there , '' said Tuten in closing late Friday .
Posey closed on Friday by saying it 's true to say there are lives on the line during police encounters , but he added : `` It 's not only police lives that matter . All lives matter . ''
On Tuesday , the jury told the judge they were had trouble reaching a unanimous decision and asked : `` What do we do next ? '' Haikala told them there was no reason to believe the federal government could select a more confident nor more conscientious jury for a new trial .
On Wednesday , the jury asked no questions , sent no notes to the judge and ordered lunch in . They deliberated for six straight hours on the fourth day before finally declaring themselves deadlocked .
Leaving the courthouse after 4:30 p.m. , Tuten told reporters he did n't have any insight into the jury decision and did n't yet know if there would be a third trial .
`` That is going to be up to the government to decide that , '' said Tuten . `` I hope they decide not to . ''
Posey said Tuten moved the judge for acquittal after the mistrial . The judge must rule on that before the government can decide whether to bring the case back for a third trial .
Posey said : `` I feel strongly about the case . It 's something we 're going to discuss ... this is a strong case that needed to be brought . And it would be nice to get a resolution . ''
Parker also faces a state charge of misdemeanor assault . That case has been on hold pending the outcome of the federal trial .
Updated at 5 p.m. with late comments from Posey and Tuten .
SecondMarket has taken its first step to becoming a US-based bitcoin exchange , the company 's founder and CEO Barry Silbert has suggested .
Silbert took to Twitter today to announce that his alternative investment company is now buying bitcoins from interested sellers , then told CoinDesk this could mark a move into the US exchange market . He said :
“ There is a clear need for a US-based , regulated , compliant and trustworthy bitcoin exchange . This could be the first step in that direction . ”
The announcement follows Mt . Gox 's decision to halt all bitcoin withdrawals from its service one day earlier . The surprise move sent bitcoin markets into decline in the hours that followed , and caused uncertainty to spread throughout the bitcoin community .
Silbert did not mention the big-picture implications of the new service in his Twitter post , but did indicate that SecondMarket is now open to both buyers and sellers .
Announcement : Our bitcoin trading team is making a market on a pilot basis . Buy/sell and settle same day . Min 25 BTC https : //t.co/STT967lwPR — Barry Silbert ( @ barrysilbert ) February 7 , 2014
Expanding activities
Founded in 2004 , SecondMarket offers a number of services in addition to its most high-profile offering , the Bitcoin Investment Trust launched last September . To date , the private trust has raised approximately 80,000 BTC in holdings for its target investors , which primarily include high-earning Wall Street professionals and tech entrepreneurs .
“ Expanding these activities is a pilot intended to determine what buyer and seller demand exists beyond our current activities in support of the Bitcoin Investment Trust , ” Silbert said .
If Silbert 's own estimates are accurate , the company is growing fast . Speaking at the Disruptive Technologies Speaker Series earlier this week , Silbert indicated that the Bitcoin Investment Trust had raised just 70,000 BTC .
As for the transaction minimum of 25 BTC ( roughly $ 18,000 at press time ) , Silbert said that the decision was a practical matter .
“ Our market making , in its current form [ and ] structure , is high touch , and facilitating a large number of small transactions would not be feasible , ” he noted .
Timing the decision While Silbert did suggest that the news from Mt . Gox provided additional value to his company 's newest offering , the move to begin openly working with sellers did not happen overnight . Silbert noted that his team has been sourcing bitcoin on and off exchanges since last year , but that additional services like this might be needed to meet demand . Silbert , who spoke on day one of last week 's NYDFS hearings and recently made Forbes ' 40 Under Forty class of 2013 , has been vocal about his belief that “ 2014 will be the year of bitcoin on Wall Street ” . The investor says that this new pilot service is meant to help SecondMarket grow as it furthers its base of Wall Street and institutional investors , who he expects will soon be moving into the asset class with more frequency .
How SecondMarket selling works
To begin selling bitcoins to SecondMarket , sellers will need to first fill out a New Account Profile ( NAP ) form . This NAP form asks basic questions such as the name and address of the individual , and source of the funds .
Those representing entities will need to complete a separate , lengthier NAP form . From there , the transaction takes an additional five steps to complete .
SecondMarket notifies the seller of the trade approval The seller engages in an offline , privately held negotiation to determine the sale price The seller sends the bitcoins to SecondMarket After six confirmations via the block chain , funds are sent to the seller is provided a FED reference number for tracking .
To learn more about SecondMarket 's latest offering , read the full announcement here .
Disclaimer : CoinDesk founder Shakil Khan is an investor in SecondMarket .
Image credit : Buying and selling dice via Shutterstock
Traders and clerks frantically signal trades in eurodollar futures at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange after the Federal Reserve announced a hike in interest rates , June 30 , 1999 . REUTERS/Scott Olson
On Friday , the US Commodity Futures Commission gave exchanges the green light to roll out bitcoin futures , and Cboe President Chris Concannon says other cryptocurrency futures might be on the horizon .
Concannon told Business Insider that bitcoin futures , which will allow investors to bet on the future price of the digital coin , is a meaningful development for the scorching-hot cryptocurrency .
CME , Cboe 's cross-town rival , announced Friday it is set to roll out its futures product on December 18 , whereas Cboe Global Markets is preparing for a launch as soon as the end of the year . Cboe will announce its launch day shortly , according to Concannon .
Still , he made sure to hint at the fact that Cboe was the first exchange to lean in on bitcoin by throwing a bit of shade at his rival , CME head Terry Duffy .
`` I applaud Terry Duffy in joining us in this endeavor , '' he said . `` This is the beginning of what will become a major asset class over the next 10 years . ''
Concannon said the exchange thinks a family of cryptocurrency products , including futures for ether and bitcoin cash , could come to fruition as the market continues to mature . A spokesperson for CME declined to comment on the launch of additional products in crypto .
`` We started down this road in the form of an ETF , '' he said . `` A healthy market is a healthy underlying market , derivatives markets , and an ETF . That will take time . ''
Bats Global Markets , which was acquired by Cboe earlier this year , attempted to list a bitcoin exchange-traded fund from the Winklevoss twins . That attempt was rejected by regulators , with the Securities and Exchange Commission citing the lack of `` surveillance-sharing agreements with significant markets for trading the underlying commodity or derivatives on that commodity . ''
As for CME , Duffy said the path forward is relatively uncertain .
`` Though we have worked through a lengthy , comprehensive process with the CFTC to get to this point , we recognize bitcoin is a new , uncharted market that will continue to evolve , requiring continued collaboration with the Commission and our clients going forward , '' he said in a statement .
Not all market participants think launching a futures market for bitcoin is wise .
In an open letter addressed to J. Christopher Giancarlo , the chairman of the CFTC , Thomas Peterffy , the chairman of Interactive Brokers , one of the largest derivatives traders and a provider of clearing services for hundreds of brokers , expressed his concerns about a proposal by CME to launch bitcoin futures this year .
`` Cryptocurrencies do not have a mature , regulated and tested underlying market , '' he said . `` The products and their markets have existed for fewer than 10 years and bear little if any relationship to any economic circumstance or reality in the world . ''
Appearing on the 9 a.m . ET hour of NBC 's Today on Monday , left-wing actor Donald Sutherland recalled being scolded by actress Helen Mirren on the set of one of his films : “ Helen Mirren came up to me on the set and .... she said , ‘ You are the most privileged person on Earth ' .... I said , ‘ How can you say that ? ' And she said , ‘ You are a white male . ' ”
Co-host Tamron Hall wondered : “ And your reply to that was ? ” Sutherland proclaimed : “ There 's no reply . I was ashamed . I was stunned . And I have gotten more ashamed . It 's interesting to realize that you are seen as an integral part of a group that many of whom are mendacious , misogynist , of bigots , racists , and it 's appalling . ”
Hall followed up : “ So what do you tell your – you have many , many grandchildren . What do you tell them ? ... what do you tell them to give them a hopeful view of life ? ”
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Sutherland , clearly referring to election of Donald Trump , ranted :
How can I give them a hopeful view now ? How can I give them a hopeful view ? I have a wife , I have a daughter , I have a daughter-in-law and a granddaughter . What do I say to them ? What do I say to them ? Their women 's rights have gone , you know ? The environment has gone , minimum pay has gone . What do I say to them ? How do I – you know , I can only say one thing , I am a Canadian . And that 's what I am .
Here is a transcript of the November 14 exchange :
Aqib Talib made his return to the football field today , but it may not be for long .
According to ESPN 's Adam Schefter , Talib is staring down an NFL suspension , and it 's likely to be a long one .
. @ AdamSchefter tells us a knowledgable party said to him : “ I do n't see how this is less than 8 games , ” regarding Talib suspension . # Broncos — 104.3 The FAN ( @ 1043TheFan ) August 8 , 2016
Talib suffered a reportedly self-inflicted gunshot wound back in June , and while the investigation is still ongoing , it does n't look good for the Broncos ' star corner ; Roger Goodell could look to make a statement with his decision .
Without Talib , the Broncos would have to rely on Bradley Roby and Kayvon Webster to pick up the slack , and while they 're both quality defenders , the No Fly Zone just wo n't be the same without No . 21 .
Buy Photo Matt Layton , left , and wife Kate Layton , right , show the spare room they share with daughter Clementine , 2 , in Kate Layton 's parents ' house on Wednesday night . The Laytons , who moved to Asheville from Austin , Texas , have been living in an upstairs room since July , unable to afford their own home . Now , the family will be the first to move into a Fine and Small Homes house in Oakley . Fine and Small Homes is a new startup in Asheville that builds afford houses with advanced robotics . ( Photo : Katie Bailey/bkbailey @ citizen-times.com ) Buy Photo
ASHEVILLE – As the Laytons looked for a home to call their own in Asheville , discouragement surrounded them .
`` Unless it was a trailer , there was barely anything available for us , '' Kate Layton said , as she and her husband ran through the list of heartbreaks the family of three endured to find a house in the Asheville area for less than $ 135,000 .
First , there was the series of perfect houses that were perfectly overpriced for the working-class family .
`` We could n't find anything else , '' they both said .
Then , there was the two-bedroom , one-bath house in Woodfin that could have become their home if not for the additional $ 30,000 of work needed to bring the residence up to code .
`` We 'd see lots of things that we liked , but then it would be a diamond in the rough and a fixer-upper , '' Matt Layton said . `` But money is n't all of the problem . It 's also the time available to do it , and to do those kinds of projects . With a 2-year-old and with me working , it 's just not suitable for us . ''
With two dogs and two cats , even the rental market was no place for the Laytons .
`` Most of them wo n't even take pets , or their prices are just out of this world , '' Kate Layton said .
As the couple continued their house search , building a home of their own seemed an impossible and expensive endeavor — a fantasy at best . But come April , the family will have a two-bedroom , two-bath home of their own in the Oakley area because of Fine and Small Homes , a startup company headquartered in Asheville that is using advanced robotic technology to build new , affordable and cost-efficient homes .
`` There really is a difference between a house and a home . It 's amazing that we can say we are going to be able to make our own home and make memories in it for years to come , '' Kate Layton said as she spoke of her family 's 1,200-square-foot new house-to-be . `` We 're really excited to have a house that will actually feel like home in a place that feels like home . ''
Buy Photo Kate Layton , center , shares a spare room in her parents ' house with with daughter Clementine , 2 , and husband Matt . The Laytons , who moved to Asheville from Austin , Texas , have been living there since July , unable to afford their own home . Now , the family will be the first to move into a Fine and Small Homes house in Oakley . Fine and Small Homes is a new startup in Asheville that builds affordable houses with advanced robotics . ( Photo : Katie Bailey/bkbailey @ citizen-times.com )
The idea : 'Our company is about people '
Like the Laytons , too many people are being priced out of the housing market both in Asheville and nationwide , according to Joe Kimmel , the co-founder of Fine and Small Homes .
`` The rental market so far exceeds a mortgage on a home , construction companies ca n't afford to build homes inexpensively enough and many of the homes that have been purchased are being flipped or sold as vacation rentals , '' Kimmel said . `` It keeps it impossible for working people to get a home . ''
Citing data presented in the Asheville Housing Needs Assessment , Jeff Staudinger , the city 's assistant director of community and economic development , said 67 percent of the market can afford to buy homes priced only at $ 200,000 or below . However , just 27 percent of the housing inventory in Asheville is less than $ 200,000 .
This idea that working-class people are facing these major hurdles in the existing housing market inspired Kimmel to make Fine and Small Homes a reality .
`` Our company is about people , '' the 74-year-old engineer said .
Before co-founding Fine and Small Homes with Nicholas Godfrey , Kimmel was working at the company he founded in Louisiana in 1981 and would later move to Asheville . After more than 30 years of working at Kimmel & Associates , his construction industry executive search company , Kimmel decided to retire and pursue his next passion .
`` I went to my greatest interest , which was robotics and research and development , '' Kimmel said .
Kimmel connected with Godfrey , a who owns a robotics company called Charleston Fab Lab in Mount Pleasant , South Carolina .
Modeled after the digital fabrication lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , the Lowcountry makerspace provides 3-D printing , 3-D modeling , laser cutting as well as product design and digital fabrication , which is a manufacturing process where a machine is controlled by a computer .
From there , Godfrey and Kimmel started using the machines at the Charleston Fab Lab to build emergency and disaster shelters . However , the duo decided to pivot their focus away from shelters and toward what Kimmel saw as a disaster in the housing market .
`` Working families , younger people , cashiers — they all need a home , '' Kimmel said . `` It totally changes their lives because , oftentimes , they 've given up on the idea of being able to own a home . ''
That 's what happened to the Laytons . Though Kate and Matt Layton had owned a home together previously in Austin , Texas , the pair said they did not think they would be able to afford to build a new home — especially not in Asheville .
Even with the money they made selling their home in Austin , it was n't enough .
`` We 've been living with my parents in the meantime , '' Kate Layton said . `` I never really thought we would build a house . There was no way we could afford anything that existed in Asheville . ''
Last July , Godfrey and Kimmel founded Fine and Small Homes as a way to build smaller homes — between 1,000-2,100 square feet — in a way that makes the price of the house affordable to people both when they sign the contract and after the move-in date .
`` It 's a very green house . You can have solar panels and dual AC/DC wiring through the whole house , '' Kimmel said . `` On five-and-a-half killowats , you can entirely power the entire house . ''
After people purchase the land parcel where they want to build , the houses themselves tend to cost between $ 86,000- $ 92,000 . The more customized the home , the more expensive . Whitney Herline , project manager of Fine and Small Homes , said the company tries to keep the costs below $ 149,000 .
How does it work ?
Even though it is stretched across two states , the way Fine and Small Homes works is straightforward .
After designing a model of the home on a computer , the design information is sent to a computer numerical controlled ( CNC ) cutting machine at the Charleston Fab Lab .
Mark Welch , the director of business development at Fine and Small Homes , said it 's kind of like printing a house piece-by-piece . By using these robotics , Welch said they are reducing the amount of skilled labor needed during the construction process .
The pre-built homes are then shipped and construction begins . Instead of a concrete foundation , homes are built on helical piers . And instead of taking three or six months to complete construction , it often just takes one month .
`` We can go from foundation , so helical piers , and get those done in half a day ; and get an entire house set up and dried in in less than two or three days . We can have it all totally finished in less than 30 days , '' Welch said , noting that different components of the home fit together like Legos .
With a professional engineering stamp on every piece used in these homes , Kimmel said they can withstand hurricane-strength winds . The homes have a 10-year warranty , the materials have 40- to 50-year warranties and the helical foundation has a 50-year warranty .
Though the startup company is using advanced technology , it is still considered a typical stick-built home , which is the common practice of having a wooden house constructed largely on-site . But instead of large construction crews , these homes take a crew of only three or four .
`` It 's a way to combine advanced technology , as far as robotic technology , with construction in a way that had never been done before , '' said Herline , the project manager of Fine and Small Homes . `` You end up with these houses that can go up in 30 days or less that are energy efficient . ''
Though pieces of these homes are cut using advanced robotics , Kimmel said these are not cookie-cutter homes . Every component can be customized , from the roof to the design of the home itself .
For example , the Laytons designed their house to include a mudroom toward the back of the home for when the dogs and daughter Clementine come inside after playing in the backyard .
`` You can finish it however you want to . The base model is rectangular with the porch on the front , or there 's the shot-gun style house and you put a side porch on it , '' Herline said .
Welch said the startup is now at the point where they are ready to start building these homes .
Fine and Small Homes has already purchased 52 lots in West Asheville , Shiloh , and Hendersonville to build on . The company is also looking to build in areas of North Charleston , as well .
All that 's needed now are the homes and the homeowners , said Welch .
`` We 're ready to start building , '' he said .
Bringing it all home
The Laytons will be the first family in the Asheville area to have a house built by Fine and Small Homes . Kate Layton said they hope to have their house built by the time her husband turns 30 in May . If they do n't hit that mark , she said they are realistically expecting to have everything done by the end of April .
The next challenge , Welch said , will be helping others like them .
`` Just today I went to get my haircut , and I went to Sport Clips . The lady that was cutting my hair has looked at 40 homes and had eight contracts fall through . ... I 'm really excited to help folks like that to find a home that they can call their own , and help them build some equity , '' Welch said . `` You start looking at the housing problem , but then you have to decide do you want to finish the puzzle or leave it unfinished ? I like to finish them . ''
Matt Layton said more of this problem-solving is needed to address housing needs in the Asheville community because he said his situation is not unique .
`` I 've got lots of guys my age that I work with that live all the way out in Madison County or Candler because they have families but ca n't afford to live anywhere else , '' said Matt Layton , who works as a city carrier assistant for the U.S . Postal Service . `` I 'm a working-class guy , and Kate stays at home . We really only have one income , and we are still able to afford something that we want to live in and that 's quality . That 's what 's needed around here . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //avlne.ws/1BHewCw
Karl Rove , co-founder of Crossroads GPS , has taken of late to asking why his 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) social welfare group has been scrutinized , while “ liberal groups have operated for decades in the same way GPS does without Democrats complaining. ” He singled out the League of Conservation Voters , NARAL Pro-Choice America , unions , and the NAACP .
It 's true that , as congressional scholar Norm Ornstein put it recently , “ hypocrisy is the coin of the realm in politics , ” and both sides are less vexed when their guys are bending the laws . But when it comes to Crossroads GPS , there really is no comparison .
The group Rove helped found has massively outspent other 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s on political expenditures in the last two national election cycles , while fielding a tiny staff and offering no discernible social-welfare purpose .
If Rove and his colleagues intend to make the point that there are liberal groups that emulate the scheme perfected by Crossroads GPS , they are absolutely correct . Priorities USA , a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organization started by former Obama aides , raised $ 2.3 million from only five donors , according to its only tax returns filed to date . Like Crossroads GPS and every other 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) , Priorities USA does n't have to tell us who those donors were . Both groups also have a separate , disclosing super PAC—which , for the sake of clarity , do not factor into the data discussed in this article .
While 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organizations are supposed to have social welfare as their primary purpose , it 's often hard to tell how they provide for the “ common good and general welfare of the people , ” as the IRS describes it . Priorities USA spent hundreds of thousands on media consultants and television ads that do n't appear to have ever run on air . They also gave a grant to another liberal 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) , American Bridge 21st Century Foundation , which appears to do little more than provide opposition research to liberal and progressive groups making ads in races across the country .
Other liberal groups like Patriot Majority USA and Citizens for Strength and Security have been engaged for years in what appears to be a practice of popping up in one place , spending millions in dark money , then changing their address and shutting down—only to start up anew at the same address .
Rinse and repeat .
Patriot Majority USA has gone through three such transformations , and now it has been removed from the IRS list of exempt organizations , suggesting its status has been revoked . We 'll probably never know for sure though , because the IRS does not contact the FEC when a dark-money group 's status has been denied , nor is the denial public . The group in question simply pays its federal income taxes and fades away . That means that if Patriot Majority USA 's status was revoked , there is no system in place to force disclosure of the $ 7 million they spent in the 2012 election .
When it comes to liberal dark-money groups like this , the only thing that really separates Crossroads GPS , aside from ideology , is tens of millions of dollars in FEC-reported political spending over the last two election cycles . On that count , there is no comparison . In both the 2010 and 2012 , Crossroads GPS alone spent more than all liberal dark-money groups combined , according to FEC reports .
And that brings us to the examples Rove and his colleagues at GPS have cited for some time now .
Let 's start with the NAACP , whose name is on the Supreme Court case that made it possible for 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organizations to keep donors private . The NAACP has never filed an FEC report for political spending directly from its treasury . In 2000 it did spend $ 7.8 million against then-governor George Bush through a separate 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) called the NAACP National Voter Fund , and the NAACP was later audited by the IRS for possible political activities . However , the fund 's IRS filings in the years since show that it has only once raised more than $ 1 million , and it has reported no political spending , either to the FEC or the IRS .
By contrast , in just one month during the last election cycle , October 2012 , Crossroads GPS spent more than $ 41 million on negative political ads . That total amounts to about $ 10 million more than the NAACP 's entire budget in 2011—the most recent year for which tax information is available .
To reiterate , Crossroads GPS spent more on negative political ads in one month than the NAACP spent on every single thing that it did in the most recent year for which tax information is available .
But some of the groups mentioned by Crossroads GPS representatives did spend a good bit of money on politics . Even when compared with these groups , however , Crossroads GPS proves to be an outlier . Among the groups Rove mentioned , the League of Conservation Voters spent , by far , the most on politics in the 2012 election . Yet , not only does their 2012 spending represent a fraction of what Crossroads GPS spent— $ 11 million and $ 71 million , respectively—but even adding up all of LCV 's FEC-reported direct spending going back to 1996 only adds up to about $ 21 million . That 's less than Crossroads GPS reported spending in the last two weeks of the 2012 cycle .
The other peculiar thing about Crossroads GPS is that , for such a spectacularly well-funded social-welfare organization , it has a very small staff . The group that has been the vehicle through which hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent has managed to deliver its social-welfare function to the American public with , at last report , only eight employees and not a single volunteer . Compare that with the NAACP , which has 157 employees and 5,000 volunteers , or the League of Conservation Voters ' 62 employees and 80 volunteers . NARAL Pro-Choice , another group mentioned by Rove , does n't have any volunteers , but it has 80 employees overseeing a mere $ 8.4 million in overall expenditures , as of its last 990 . And it spent $ 1.7 million in the 2012 election—Crossroads GPS could spend several times that amount in one day .
Crossroads does n't just stand out among the liberal groups it chooses to compare itself to , but it 's also an outlier among conservative groups . Organizations like the National Rifle Association ( a recipient of Crossroads GPS money ) and Focus on the Family Action—both conservative social-welfare organizations that spent millions on political ads—have large staffs , including volunteers , who carry out identifiable social-welfare-function activities . Even a group like Americans for Tax Reform—which has raised eyebrows by filing its first every FEC reports in the same year it received more than $ 8 million from Crossroads GPS and the Phoenix “ dark-money mailbox ” known as the Center to Protect Patient Rights—has 59 employees , a couple of volunteers , and clear social-welfare agenda .
This brings us to the last type of group mentioned by the Crossroads GPS folks : unions . Crossroads GPS leadership repeatedly bring up unions as a liberal foil for their operations . Yet , viewed in terms of direct spending from their treasury , union spending on politics has fallen significantly , from $ 50 million in 2008 to $ 24 million in 2012 .
The union with the most direct political spending in 2012 was AFSCME , with $ 4.6 million spent on direct advocacy and an additional $ 813,000 on communications with its members . According to Department of Labor records , AFSCME had about 1.4 million members in 2012 . By contrast , we still do n't know how many donors Crossroads GPS had in 2012 , since 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s are n't required to file detailed , comparably timely financial reports to the DOL like unions are—but we do know that GPS raised $ 76.8 million in its first 18 months of existence from 96 donors . Even here , since we do n't have names , we do n't know if this donor list included multiple contributions from the same individual , group , or corporation .
So , again , some perspective : an organization with 1.4 million members spent less , much less , directly from their treasury than an organization with eight employees , no volunteers , and around 96 donors .
There is a valid , difficult , and heated debate taking place around the country about the worrisome and ill-informed targeting exercised by the IRS and about the growing influence of dark money in our elections . Just as it is troublesome that the amount of undisclosed funds in national elections is growing , it is also undeniable that most of the groups—liberal and conservative—spending dark money have legitimate social-welfare activities outside of their political spending . No matter the questions about their political activities , when you look at the League of Conservation Voters or the National Rifle Association , you do n't have to dig much to find valid social-welfare activities . Whether one agrees or disagrees with the content of those activities is another matter entirely .
That is not the case for Crossroads GPS , and it is also not the case for a slew of other liberal and conservative groups—as we have been reporting at the Center for Responsive Politics for more than a year now—from Patriot Majority USA on the left to American Commitment on the right .
Put all the employees and volunteers of these more shadowy groups together , and you could hardly staff a McDonald 's . But with hundreds of millions of dollars in dark money stacked up , you 'd hardly have space for the customers anyway .
An empty chair with a 'Nobama ' sign hanging from a tree has led to a great deal of discussion across the blogosphere , but the owner of the property tells Patch he is just trying to prevent theft .
`` It 's just Eastwooding , '' said Douglas Burger , referring to Clint Eastwood 's recent speech at the Republican National Convention , where the actor addressed an empty chair in a bit of political theater . ( You can watch the video in the media box to the right . )
Told that some people see racial overtones in a chair hanging from a tree , Burger replied : `` Not at all . They 're up because otherwise people would steal them . ''
The Centreville resident , who has donated to the Republican National Committee and the Herman Cain and Mitt Romney campaigns , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , has three `` Nobama '' signs on display near Bull Run Post Office Road .
One of them is situated on a brick wall . After an attendee at a popular Korean festival emailed pictures of one of the chairs and its accompanying `` Nobama '' sign to the Blue Virginia blog , a number of Web sites , such as Gawker and Salon.com , posted articles on the issue .
The chairs and signs also caught the attention of the Secret Service .
`` We are aware of the incident and will be conducting the appropriate followup , '' George Ogilvie , a spokesperson for the Secret Service , told Patch .
Burger said that he was just trying to protect his property .
`` Every time I put signs up at election time , people steal them , '' he said .
Patch Editor Mary Ann Barton contributed to this story .
Concept drawing for Keeyask dam by Hatch .
The Winnipeg Free Press reports , `` [ Manitoba ] Hydro has told the PUB [ Manitoba Public Utilities Board ] there are two pipeline proposals [ including the Energy East pipeline ] on the table in Canada that would see more crude oil shipped from Alberta 's oilsands to Eastern Canada and the United States through already existing pipeline routes . For all that oil to flow , both pipelines need a round-the-clock supply of electricity . Lots of it [ just under 2,000 gigawatt-hours of energy ] . All that power is to be sucked up by a series of pumping stations along each line . ''
The article notes , `` If approved , Energy East would see the expansions at four existing oil pumping stations and addition of four new electric pumping stations in Manitoba . '' It adds that the National Energy Board-approved increased capacity for the Enbridge Alberta Clipper pipeline to Superior , Wisconsin `` includes the installation of four new pumps and electrical work at the West Souris Pump Station and three new pumps and electrical work at the St. Leon Pump Station . '' The already-converted TransCanada Mainline pipeline into North Dakota meant the `` building [ of ] six new pumping stations '' .
`` Wuskwatim , the province 's newest dam that opened in 2012 , has a capacity of 200 megawatts . ... 'We 're looking at increased energy consumption from the pipelines -- the oil pipelines need electricity for their pumps ' , Ed Wojczynski , Hydro 's manager of portfolio projects , said . 'The amount of electricity is much more than Wuskwatim would produce . ' ''
And so new dams are being considered , with the twist that some of that hydro-electricity would be exported to the US .
`` In almost nitpicking detail , [ Manitoba Hydro 's ] plan to build two more northern dams and a transmission line to the United States has been pulled apart so many times it 's become known as K19/C26/750MW for the sake of brevity and to save paper . In short , K19/C26/750MW is Hydro 's plan to keep supplying the province with electricity for decades to come and to make some money off the Americans ... It means building the Keeyask generating station [ dam ] by 2019 [ with a net capacity of 695 megawatts ] , Conawapa by 2026 , and a 750-megawatt transmission line to Minnesota by mid-2020 . ''
The Keeyask dam would be located about 725 km northeast of Winnipeg , where Gull Lake flows into Stevens Lake , and would flood approximately 46 square kilometers of boreal taiga lands . In March , the $ 1.4 billion general civil contract for the Keeyask dam was awarded to Bechtel Canada Co. , Barnard Construction of Canada Ltd. and EllisDon Civil Ltd . While the four Keeyask Cree Nations : Tataskweyak Cree Nation , War Lake First Nation , Fox Lake Cree Nation and York Factory First Nation would own 25 per cent of the dam , Mike Sutherland of the Peguis First Nation is critical of the dam . He says , `` Is it a dollar today or the environment tomorrow ? You know , what is it worth ? To us as First Nations , especially Peguis , there 's no price on the environment . '' Additionally , Manitoba Metis Federation President David Chartrand says , `` Keeyask and its related transmission line will affect Metis rights . The Metis have not been taken seriously . We are being told we are a small and inconsequential minority in the Keeyask project area . ''
The Winnipeg Free Press notes , `` The PUB is considering whether Keeyask and Conawapa , and the new transmission line , make economic sense or whether they should be postponed until more is known about how much power the Americans are willing to buy . The PUB 's report is due June 20 . ''
The article adds , `` This new load from the pipelines highlights the sometimes overlooked electrical demand by Manitoba 's industrial users , the big mining companies and fertilizer plants that need a steady supply of affordable power to operate . '' The top ten industrial power users in Manitoba include : Vale ( Thompson ) , HudBay Minerals Inc. ( Flin Flon ) , Enbridge Pipelines Inc. ( southern Manitoba ) , Koch Fertilizer Canada ULC ( Brandon ) , and the TransCanada Corp. pipeline ( southern Manitoba ) .
Beyond the new dams being considered to power these export pipelines , concerns have also been raised in Manitoba that the Energy East pipeline would run past the Shoal Lake # 40 First Nation and the Iskatewizaagegan No . 39 First Nation in Ontario . Iskatewizaagegan ( Shoal Lake ) is the source of Winnipeg 's drinking water . For more on this , please see Energy East pipeline may put at risk Winnipeg 's drinking water and IJC says no to Winnipeg selling its water . For more on this , please see Energy East pipeline may put at risk Winnipeg 's drinking water and IJC says no to Winnipeg selling its water .
At a Sept. 4 press conference at Ankara Esenboga Airport , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , before his departure to the G20 summit in St. Petersburg , was asked whether he would be sharing with his bilateral contacts the evidence he has on the use of chemical weapons in Syria .
Erdoğan replied , `` There is no need for new evidence . I keep saying the same thing . The entire world has seen the pictures of those massacred , martyred children . If you are careful you will realize that there is no gun wound or blood visible , and that they were martyred with chemical bombs . ''
When another journalist asked , `` Where will Turkey be in a possible US operation against Syria ? '' Erdoğan answered , `` Circumstances will determine that . We have said we are ready to take part in any kind of coalition . ''
When reminded of Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Miqdad 's warning that `` in case the United States launches an operation against Syria , Damascus will hit back not only Israel but also Jordan and Turkey , if they support such an operation , '' Erdoğan reacted , `` Our country is always ready for such an eventuality . I do n't know how prepared Syria is . … Why Bashar [ al-Assad ] is making such a declaration , what does he count on , I do n't know . ''
The coalitions that Erdoğan seeks to join can be of two types in today 's conjuncture : a `` coalition of the willing '' that will be formed without a UN Security Council resolution or a Western alliance under the NATO hat .
But to be ready to join any coalition is not the same as agreeing on the political objectives of the operation . We understand that Turkey does n't favor limiting the objectives of such an operation to punishment of the Baath regime and deterrence from chemical weapons use . If we remember , on Aug. 30 , Erdoğan said , `` A limited operation against Syrian wo n't satisfy us . It should be like it was in Kosovo . You can not hit for a day or two and leave . It must compel the regime to the point of giving up . ''
A few hours after Erdoğan 's departure to St. Petersburg , a senior Turkish official who was briefing a group of journalists on Turkey 's position regarding a possible anti-Syria operation , gave details of what Erdoğan meant by `` you can not hit for a day or two and leave . ''
Accordingly , Turkey finds appropriate an operation of a scope that will end the war . What Turkey understands from ending the war is the collapse of the regime .
I took notes from what was said about Ankara 's vision of the intervention and its aftermath : `` The regime at present has about 40,000 soldiers as an active force and not all of them are combatants . Since their mobility has been constricted , they intervene from a distance . There is an asymmetry in weapons . They attack the people with airpower and missiles . The regime does n't have maximalist goals . Their aim is to prolong the war and demoralize their opponents . They are trying to hold on to the Homs-Damascus-Latakia line by conducting a war of attrition . The regime 's superiority against the opposition is with its heavy weapons , airpower , chemical weapons and missiles . This operation must be of a scope to end the war . If you degrade the regime 's capacity , this war will end . ''
Ankara therefore favors an operation that will not be limited to a few days but that will last until the military capacity of the Syrian regime is eradicated .
We do n't know whether the United States that is described by the Turkish official as the `` sole non-regional game changing actor '' shares Turkey 's position . All we know is that the Obama administration for the time being wants to make do with an operation that will penalize the regime and deter it from using chemical weapons .
Turkey 's `` to depose the regime '' perspective will need , at some point , the use of ground troops to secure the chemical weapons in the Syrian arsenal . Also , nobody can argue that an air operation may not lead to other situations that may require the use of ground troops .
A few-day punishment operation will not require Turkey 's active participation , but a longer air operation will demand Turkey 's active support , at least by allowing the use of Incirlik air base . That will mean Turkey openly joining the war .
On Sept. 6 , a public opinion poll was released , giving the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) government a headache . The Transatlantic Trends survey , prepared annually by the German Marshall Fund of the United States , revealed that the Turkish public 's opposition to an intervention in Syria has dramatically increased since last year .
According to the poll , conducted between June 3 and July 2 , 72 % of Turkish people oppose an intervention in Syria , up from 57 % last year .
In the survey , respondents were told that there had recently been discussion of the desirability of intervening in Syria , where the government has been using military force to suppress an opposition movement . They were then asked whether their government should stay out completely or intervene . Only 21 % of respondents in Turkey favored intervention . Those Turks who oppose intervention went up by 15 points in one year , and those who favored intervention decreased by 11 points .
As usual , the survey was carried out in the United States and 11 EU countries , in addition to Turkey . In the United States , those opposing intervention was 62 % , up from 55 % last year . In France , one of the most willing countries of the coalition , 65 % rejected intervention . The average ratio of those opposing intervention in 11 other EU countries was the same as Turkey , with 72 % .
Of course , one can ask what the results would have been if the survey was carried out after Aug. 21 , when chemical weapons were used in Damascus . An answer to such a question would depend on multitude of assumptions such as who believes that the Assad regime carried out the attack . In this case , the tendency to support an intervention on humanitarian grounds would be stronger . But there may well be those who will stick to their anti-war position because such an intervention will increase probability of a war .
But the picture is clear : More than half of those who voted for the AKP in Turkey want their government to stay out of a war . That means the AKP government has not been able to prevent a decrease in the ratio of those supporting an intervention over the past year .
These results are critical for the AKP government because in March 2014 there will be local elections , which are expected to have serious effects on the political fate of the government and Erdoğan . At a time when there is perceptible pressure on dollar parity and interest rates in Turkey 's financial markets , pushing the country into a war that is not supported by the people will have negative consequences , not only for the economy but also for election results .
The Islamist AKP government has committed itself to a war that is not wanted by the majority of its own constituency .
Kadri Gürsel is a contributing writer for Al-Monitor 's Turkey Pulse and has written a column for the Turkish daily Milliyet since 2007 . He focuses primarily on Turkish foreign policy , international affairs and Turkey 's Kurdish question , as well as Turkey 's evolving political Islam .
Late last year , it emerged that a small team of NASA researchers were working on warp drive technology in the lab . Led by Harold “ Sonny ” White , the team devised a variation of the Alcubierre warp drive that could almost be feasibly produced — if we can work out how to produce and store antimatter . Now , White is ready to discuss some other facets of his warp drive , such as the energy requirements , what a spacecraft with a warp drive would look like , and what it would be like to travel at warp speed .
When it comes to interstellar travel , due to the massive distances involved , the only feasible solution for reaching other planets and stars is a method of transport that travels at close to or faster than the speed of light . The nearest star system , Alpha Centauri , is just over four light years away — at a speed of 62,136 kmh ( the speed at which Voyager-1 is flying through space ) , it would take roughly 67,000 years for a spacecraft to reach it . There are a variety of proposed propulsion systems , such as ion drives , but none of them really get close to the speeds necessary to enable the exploration of other planets in under a few thousand years . Warp drives , while years away from even small-scale testing — if they 're even possible at all — are one of the few exceptions that would allow same-lifetime space travel .
As the name suggests , a warp drive enables faster-than-light travel by warping space-time around it . In essence , Miguel Alcubierre proposed a device that causes the space in front of the spacecraft to contract , while the space behind it expands . This creates a warp bubble that carries the spacecraft through space-time at 10 times the speed of light . We know from our observations of the universe that such deformation of space-time is probably possible , but in this case there 's a huge step between theoretical and experimental possibility . There are numerous problems with an Alcubierre drive — such as whether you 'd be able to survive inside the bubble , or my personal favorite : annihilating the entire star system when you arrive at your destination — but the sheer amount of energy required to reach the speed of light , let alone surpass it , is probably the main drawback .
Last year , Sonny White revealed a new design ( pictured top ) for the Alcubierre drive that reduces the energy requirement from the total mass-energy of a planet the size of Jupiter , down to the mass-energy of Voyager-1 ( 700 kilograms ) . We say “ mass-energy , ” because no one quite knows how to fuel an Alcubierre drive , with some research suggesting that it might require more energy than the mass of the observable universe , or possibly negative amounts of energy . Basically , though , according to NASA 's preliminary research , the energy requirements appear to be somewhat feasible if the drive is donut shaped ( like the image at the top of the story ) rather than a flat disc .
Speaking to New Scientist , Sonny White ( pictured right ) has filled in a few of the questions posed by his team 's original 2012 study . He begins with a warp bubble analogy , to help explain how superluminal ( faster-than-light ) travel is even possible in the first place : “ You are walking along at 3 miles an hour , and then you step onto [ a moving airport walkway ] . You are still walking at 3 miles an hour , but you are covering the distance much more quickly relative to somebody who is n't on the belt. ” Speaking about what it would actually feel like to travel at warp speed , White says “ you would have an initial velocity as you set off… It would be like watching a film in fast forward . ”
What would a warp drive-equipped spacecraft look like ? “ Imagine an American football , for simplicity , that has a toroidal ring around it attached with pylons . The football is where the crew and robotic systems would be , while the ring would contain exotic matter. ” Here the “ exotic matter ” is an energy source that we do n't know a whole lot about ( thus why we use phrases such as “ the mass-energy of Jupiter . ” )
Finally , White warns us that the first real-world warp drives are a long way away . The NASA research team have some “ very specific and controlled steps to take to create a proof of concept , ” to see if the physics of the Alcubierre warp drive actually play out in practice , but we 're talking about a microscopic warp bubble that will have very little relation to a real-world prototype . We are probably looking at a decade or more before we can create a car-sized warp drive — and even then , that 's only if we can find some of that elusive “ exotic matter , ” which we probably wo n't .
Now read : The first private mission to Mars will launch in 2018 and use poop for radiation shielding
When the Cincinnati Bengals headed to the locker room after a 16-12 loss to the Buffalo Bills at Paul Brown Stadium , their 2016 playoff hopes all but evaporated . The team could go on a six-game winning streak to sneakily secure a division win , but from what we 've seen from this team over the past couple of weeks , that prospect seems nearly impossible .
Not many things went right for the Bengals against Buffalo , but when you hold an opposing quarterback to 166 passing yards and give up just 16 total points , it 's largely a game your team should win . Especially when we 're talking about a must-win game on your home turf .
Fingers are being pointed at a number of different players for their individual performances , or lack thereof , but the somewhat-unexpected struggles this year start at the top of the franchise . Because of different factors and decisions that have been made in recent years , the five-year playoff run which has ended in five straight one-and-done outs is starting to prove to be a house of cards .
Do n't just blame Mike Nugent :
Look , the obvious blame is being placed at # 2 's right foot for Sunday 's loss , but that 's not entirely fair . Yes , the two missed extra points on Sunday were huge , especially when the team moved into field goal position at the end of the game , but it 's just a microcosm of other issues under the surface .
Over the bye week , the Bengals had a chance to make a move at the kicker position , as they brought in multiple different kickers for a tryout . The fact that no moves were made could have been simply a message to a struggling veteran , or that the coaching staff was n't impressed with whom they brought in , but they stuck with Nugent after the bye .
In defense of Nugent , if there is one , there were 11 missed extra points in the early slate of Week 11 's games , including Nugent 's two , so the new rule is affecting most teams . Giants kicker Robbie Gould ( who they had to sign due to Josh Brown 's placement on the commissioner 's exempt list ) also missed two PATs on Sunday . But the Giants won . Still , it 's been way beyond time to move on from Nugent and the coaches have been so stuck in their ways that they have n't brought in another viable option .
It initially seemed as if they were correct in their bye week assessment , as Nugent had a good game against the Giants last week , but the two missed PATs were gigantic on Sunday . The Minnesota Vikings gave Blair Walsh a number of chances before moving on to Kai Forbath this week ( one of the players the Bengals brought in a couple of weeks ago ) , as an example of a team exercising patience and making a wise move amidst a then-four-game skid .
It 's on Nugent to make those kicks , but it 's also on the staff for failing to recognize what kind of kicker Nugent is and the struggles he 's shown since joining the team in 2010 . Regardless , the veteran will probably be looking for a new job this week , leaving the Bengals to pick over the leftover free agency scraps . Sound familiar ?
Their “ draft-and-develop ” philosophy has stalled out :
The Bengals are notoriously sleepy in free agency and prefer to utilize the “ best player available ” strategy in the NFL Draft . When you 've made five straight postseasons , it seems like a decent strategy , akin to playing with house money . After all , the 2011 and 2012 draft classes have yielded great results and have been the catalysts to a successful rebuilding effort in the post-Carson Palmer era .
However , subsequent classes have been hit-and-miss at best , mostly because they kept stockpiling for the future instead of opting for potential instant-impact players . Moreover , the team almost never trades up for players they actually like , often opting for someone else that “ falls ” to them . In fact , Cincinnati has only traded up in the draft three times since their inception in 1968 , with the most recent being for center Russell Bodine in 2014 . Yeesh .
There 's no doubt that free agency should be used as a supplement to the draft-and-develop philosophy . We 've seen so many teams cripple themselves with high-priced free agency moves that do n't pan out , and it 's refreshing to see the Bengals not pin their own backs against the wall in that regard .
Still , there 's a fine line to walk . The Bengals did n't invest in an edge rusher of any kind this offseason and it has crippled them up front this year . Instead , they decided to lean on their productive veterans who have been worn down because of the immense amount of snaps they have played over the past handful of years , as well as hoping Will Clarke and Margus Hunt would have finally turned the corner . After a hot start , they 've cooled off immensely , as evidenced by their collective one tackle on Sunday versus the Bills .
Take a look at who they trusted with big contracts this offseason—especially when talking about their own internal free agents . Almost everyone they have relied on has disappointed in big ways . They trusted their system and former productive player to keep the status quo , at best , instead of finding ways to get better as a team . Honestly , have Adam Jones , George Iloka , Shawn Williams , Vincent Rey and outside free agents Karlos Dansby and Brandon LaFell impressed you this season ? Those were their free agency gets .
Moreover , team speed is an issue . I understand Marvin Lewis ' stance on preferring battle-tested veterans on his roster , but many who are starting have become slow , old and/or ineffective . After personnel losses at the coaching and player ranks this offseason , their conservative approach is doing them no favors in 2016 .
A.J . Green suffered a bad injury on the first possession of the game and it might cause him to miss the rest of the season . Who stepped up in his absence ? Tyler Boyd made some nice plays , including his first NFL touchdown catch , but Buffalo 's defense did n't respect the speed the Bengals employ outside of Green . It 's why long-developing passes were disastrous on Sunday—protection was once again porous and the other receivers could n't get open beyond 10 yards .
Everyone had high hopes for guys like Darqueze Dennard and Josh Shaw , but their biggest strengths seem to be downing a punt deep in the opposition 's territory . Many other draft picks are n't contributing , nor are any of the additions challenging longtime veterans for starting jobs .
It once seemed like a sound factory-like approach , churning out quality players , but either the developmental stage or obstinance in playing younger players has hurt the teams . Take a look at the Green Bay Packers , who use a very similar approach , to see it also catching up with them this year .
Marvin Lewis and his staff :
The decision to stick with failing veterans aside , Lewis and his staff are n't giving their team the best chance to succeed . For instance , going into this week , the Bills ' rushing offense was ranked No . 2 in the NFL . Though he was battling a fibula injury , linebacker Rey Maualuga practiced all week , but was inactive on game day .
Granted , Maualuga has his limitations , but he has always been effective in stopping the run . Why , if he was healthy , would you sit him against such an effective rushing attack ? In case you did n't pay attention , the Bills racked up 183 rushing yards on Sunday afternoon on Cincinnati 's home field . And that was with LeSean McCoy sidelined with a thumb injury for much of the game , including all of the second half .
Again , we 're talking microcosms . This week , Lewis rounded up some of his most trusted veterans for a pow-wow before a must-win game .
“ I wanted to show that we 've been in these situations before , and you have to pull out of it , ” Lewis said , via The Cincinnati Enquirer . “ The only way to pull out of it is to put your head down and go to work . There 's no other way , no magic words that make touchdowns appear or disappear . If I did , I 'd find them . ”
Does the mantra sound familiar ? It should because Lewis has preached the “ hard work ” theme since his 2003 arrival in Cincinnati . Given the way the Bengals played on Sunday against Buffalo , it appears that this is the very definition of a stale message falling onto ears that have become deaf to the same words preached for 14 years .
Let 's also have a look at linebacker Vontaze Burfict . Since he already does n't like those of us associated with Cincy Jungle , we might as well call him out on a gesture he made to the stands after a critical defensive stop . He had a productive game to be sure , but after the stop he decided to flip a double-bird to the stands , which will likely incur another fine .
As a head coach , it 's difficult to effectively manage the minute-by-minute antics of 53 players , but it 's clear that the message given to the team this offseason by owner Mike Brown and Lewis on poise after the loss of composure against the Steelers in the Wild Card game was n't received . This is n't to paint a bleak picture of just Burfict though , either .
The rest of the team is visibly experiencing a Vegas-like hangover . Most of it likely has to do with that crushing loss 10 months ago , but the losses of respected coaches like Hue Jackson and Vance Joseph are also obvious factors . They are pressing , making mistakes they do n't normally commit and , at times , seem disinterested in what 's happening on the field .
All the aforementioned issues point to the coaching staff . This trickle down effect from the top to the players has led to a disappointing 3-6-1 record this season .
Kevin Drawbaugh and Rachelle Younglai
Reuters
May 8 , 2009
The Obama administration is expected to propose legislation by June calling for the U.S. Federal Reserve to play a central role in regulating systemic risk in the economy , trade association sources said on Friday .
[ efoods ] Now that the U.S. bank stress tests are over , the administration is refocusing on a drive to tighten regulation of banks and markets to prevent another financial crisis like the one that is currently ravaging economies worldwide .
Systemic risk refers to problems in the financial system large enough to damage the overall economy . For instance , the government last year bailed out insurer American International Group because its failure was seen as a systemic risk .
Beyond that , there is little agreement among officials about the much-debated idea of setting up a government regulator to monitor and manage systemic risk .
The administration left the door open to further discussion in remarks by a Treasury Department spokesman .
Read entire article
Norman Lamb MP , Chair , said :
`` Almost 3 million people in the UK now use e-cigarettes , but there are still significant gaps in the research guiding their regulation and sale . They are seen by some as valuable tools that will reduce the number of people smoking ‘ conventional ' cigarettes , and seen by others as ‘ re-normalising ' smoking for the younger generation . `` We want to understand where the gaps are in the evidence base , the impact of the regulations , and the implications of this growing industry on NHS costs and the UK 's public finances . ''
E-cigarette regulations
New rules for nicotine-containing electronic cigarettes and refill containers were introduced in May 2016 by the Tobacco and Related Products Regulations 2016 , implementing the EU Tobacco Products Directive . In July 2017 , the Government published its Tobacco Control Plan .
It emphasised that the Department of Health would be monitoring the impact of e-cigarette regulations , while Public Health England would continue to provide evidence-based guidance on what is known , and unknown , about the risks of e-cigarettes relative to smoking .
Conventional smoking fell to 7.6 million adult smokers in the UK ( 16 % ) in 2016 . The use of e-cigarettes has risen to an estimated 2.9 million adults , up from 0.7m in 2012 .
Submitting written evidence
Submit written evidence via the e-cigarettes inquiry page .
The Committee would welcome written submissions by Friday 8 December 2017 on the health , regulatory and financial implications of e-cigarettes that address the following points :
On health :
The impact on human health of e-cigarettes—themselves and relative to ‘ conventional ' smoking—and any gaps in the science knowledge-base in this area .
The benefits and risks of e-cigarettes as a ‘ stop smoking ' tool , any gaps in the knowledge-base on this , and whether any approaches are needed to tackle e-cigarette addiction .
The uptake of e-cigarettes among young people and evidence on whether e-cigarettes play a role in ‘ re-normalising ' smoking .
On regulation :
Whether there is any regulatory variation between the EU and UK , and across UK nations , and the implications of Brexit on regulation in this area .
The effectiveness of regulation on the advertising and marketing of e-cigarettes .
The impact to date of the Tobacco and Related Products Regulations on the vaping industry and on the prevalence of e-cigarettes .
The safety of e-cigarette devices , and any safety regulation requirements .
On finance :
The economic impact of the UK 's e-cigarette industry .
The public finances implications of e-cigarettes , including how the rise in e-cigarette consumption could affect NHS costs .
The Committee would also like to hear views on whether Government policy and regulation has kept up with the full range of ‘ smoking ' and novel tobacco products ( such as ‘ heat not burn ' ) that are becoming available to the public , and if it takes account of their likely impact on human health .
Further information
Copyright : CC0 Creative Commons
About This Content Common Sense is the fifth major expansion for Europa Universalis IV and focuses on diplomacy and the internal development of nations . This addition allows you to peacefully develop your nation and build a 'tall ' empire , whilst also giving you the tools to execute grand diplomacy . Game changing religious features add depth and intriguing complexity to the gameplay .
The ability to work closely with your subjects and better control them through interactions and decrees should make common sense for anyone with designs to get to terms with the internal struggles of constitutional monarchies .
Main Features : New Religious Gameplay : New mechanics for Protestants and Buddhists deepen the religious gameplay . Protestants acquire the ability to create their own national church by gaining religious tradition , whilst Buddhists must maintain balance between high and low karma ( high karma ruler becomes detached from the world , while a low karma ruler loses trust of their soldiers ) . Devotion : Theocracies have Devotion based on how closely they adhere to their faith , with high Devotion increasing prestige , papal influence and tax income . Theocracies choose their successors from 6 different alternatives , such as an influential preacher or a noble 's son . Subject Interactions : Over 15 new special actions that can be taken towards subjects , such as installing your own dynasty on the thrones of your vassals . Parliament : Parliamentary rule for constitutional republics and monarchs , and a special parliamentary government for England . Grant your provinces seat in parliament and bribe them to vote on issues that strengthen your nation . Free Cities of the HRE : Small nations in the Holy Roman Empire can be granted the status of Free City . Government Ranks : All nations are ranked , from small Duchies to great Empires , and can increase their government rank as they grow in power .
Books and Interviews
Friends ,
A book is coming out with Damage Irreversible in it , put together by the majestic Ted Rall , preorders are here . David and I are interviewed , along with visionaries Ryan and Nick , and a slew of other webcomic giants .
Ted asked for childhood photos ; I sent him the most embarrassing ones ( chubs , playing with dolls , these are the only ones I save ) . So no promises , but our section should be pretty humiliating .
If you 're wondering what we 've been up to , other than furiously making comics in our time-honored process , its been interviews , interviews , interviews , which are a little puff of air for my constantly deflating why-don't-you-get-a-real-job psyche , i.e. , a faster way to get sick of your self .
Here you are my darlings ,
comixpedia
scene missing magazine ( This is a good magazine . )
fleen ( Jeff actually met me in person , fortunately , I wore a [ scary ] mask )
hugs ,
Dale
( CNN ) Doctors in Macon , Georgia , told Janea Cox that her daughter , Haleigh , might not live another three months .
That was the middle of March , when Haleigh 's brain was being short-circuited by hundreds of seizures a day , overrunning the array of five potent drugs meant to control them . Worse , the drugs were damaging Haleigh 's organs .
`` She was maxed out , '' Cox said . `` She 'd quit breathing several times a day , and the doctors blamed it on the seizure medications . ''
Cox had heard that a form of medical marijuana might help , but it was n't available in central Georgia . So a week after hearing the ominous diagnosis , she and Haleigh packed up and moved to Colorado Springs , Colorado . There , Haleigh began a regimen of cannabis oil : four times a day and once at night .
By summer , she was down to just a handful of seizures a day . In less than three months , doctors were able to wean her off Depakote , a powerful medication that had been damaging her liver .
Janea Cox and her daughter Haleigh fly to Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Haleigh had never been able to walk or talk . But freed from seizures in Colorado , `` She said 'Mama ' for the first time , '' Cox said . `` She 's playing with puzzles ; she 's walking . She 's almost being a normal child . ''
Despite all the good news , Cox is living in limbo . Her husband , a paramedic , could n't afford to leave his job and pension ; he still lives and works in Forsyth , Georgia . The family is relying on charity to keep their Colorado apartment for the next few months ; beyond that , the future is uncertain .
A bill being introduced Monday in the U.S. House of Representatives could be Cox 's ticket home . The three-page bill would amend the Controlled Substances Act -- the federal law that criminalizes marijuana -- to exempt plants with an extremely low percentage of THC , the chemical that makes users high .
If passed , it would be the first time that federal law allows any medical marijuana use .
`` No one should face a choice of having their child suffer or moving to Colorado and splitting up their family , '' said Rep. Scott Perry , R-Pennsylvania , the bill 's sponsor . `` We live in America , and if there 's something that would make my child better , and they ca n't get it because of the government , that 's not right . ''
The bill will land in a Congress that may be open to change . Across the country , highly sympathetic patients and a nonintoxicating product have proved a popular mix . This year alone , 11 states have passed legislation loosening regulation of cannabis strains with high cannabidiol and/or minimal THC content .
In this atmosphere , Perry says that once members and their staffs are brought up to speed , he expects the bill to attract `` overwhelming '' support .
`` It would n't be surprising if we see broad support for this proposal , '' agreed Mason Tvert , communications director at the Marijuana Policy Project , which advocates for marijuana and medical marijuana legalization . `` If this bill gets support , it will demonstrate that there is recognition of marijuana 's medical benefits . ''
Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – Charlotte Figi had her first seizure when she was 3 months old . Over the next few months , the girl , affectionately called Charlie , had frequent seizures lasting two to four hours , and she was hospitalized repeatedly . Hide Caption 1 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – By the time she was 3 , Charlotte was having up to 300 grand mal seizures every week . Eventually she lost the ability to walk , talk and eat . Hide Caption 2 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – The seizures were so severe Charlotte 's heart stopped a number of times . Doctors suggested putting the child in a medically induced coma to give her small , battered body a rest . Hide Caption 3 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – Her father , Matt Figi , found a similar case online in which medical marijuana helped a boy 's seizures . The family decided to give it a try . Hide Caption 4 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – The Figi family soon heard about the Stanley brothers , one of Colorado 's largest marijuana growers and dispensary owners . These six brothers were crossbreeding a strain of marijuana low in THC , the compound in marijuana that 's psychoactive , and high in CBD , which has medicinal properties but no psychoactivity . Hide Caption 5 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web –
The brothers started the Realm of Caring Foundation , a nonprofit organization that provides cannabis to adults and children suffering from a host of diseases . Here Josh Stanley , right , gives CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta a tour . Hide Caption 6 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – The first time Paige Figi gave her daughter , Charlotte , cannabis oil , the child 's seizures stopped for seven days . Hide Caption 7 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – The marijuana strain Charlotte and others used to help their symptoms have been named after her . It 's called Charlotte 's Web . Hide Caption 8 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – Today , Charlotte is thriving . Her seizures are down to 2 to 3 per month , almost solely in her sleep . She is walking , can feed herself and is talking more and more each day , her parents say . Hide Caption 9 of 10 Photos : Photos : Charlotte 's Web Charlotte 's Web – `` I literally see Charlotte 's brain making connections that have n't been made in years , '' Matt Figi said of his daughter . `` I want other people , other parents , to know that this is a viable option . '' Hide Caption 10 of 10
Dubbed the Charlotte 's Web Medical Hemp Act of 2014 , the bill is named after Charlotte Figi , a young Colorado girl whose parents have campaigned nationwide for easier access to medical marijuana after successfully controlling their daughter 's seizures with cannabis oil . Since her story became known , a growing number of parents have flocked to Colorado , hoping for similar success .
The Charlotte 's Web cannabis strain , developed by the Realm of Caring nonprofit organization in Colorado Springs , is in high demand , in part because of the attention it 's received in the media . Many families wait months for a batch to be grown and processed into cannabis oil . Perry 's bill , however , would apply to any cannabis strain with a THC content of less than 0.3 % .
Charlotte 's Web and similar strains not only have minimal THC , they have high levels of cannabidiol , another chemical . A growing body of anecdotal evidence suggests that cannabidiol can effectively control seizures , though there are no published studies to support its use .
It 's easy to find critics who say parents should follow a more traditional route .
`` There is no evidence for marijuana as a treatment for seizures , '' Rep. John Fleming , R-Louisiana , a physician , claimed during a congressional hearing last month . `` We hear anecdotal stories , and that 's how myths come about . ''
Fleming and others point out that a pharmaceutical version of cannabidiol oil , called Epidiolex , is being tested in clinical trials . But many children are n't able to get into the trials . Haleigh Cox is disqualified because she has type-1 diabetes . Others are n't willing to wait several months to be enrolled .
`` With Epidiolex , there just are n't enough seats at the table , '' said Mark Knecht , a father from Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania , whose story helped inspire Perry 's bill .
His daughter Anna , 11 , has epilepsy and suffers anywhere from a handful of seizures a day to more than 100 , despite her four anti-convulsant medications . Knecht , the chief financial officer of a large Christian medical nonprofit , says Anna has been evaluated at several top hospitals but could n't land a spot in the Epidiolex trial .
JUST WATCHED 'Doubling down ' on medical marijuana Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Doubling down ' on medical marijuana 03:01
JUST WATCHED Six months into Colorado weed experiment Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Six months into Colorado weed experiment 02:03
JUST WATCHED Does medicinal marijuana get a bad rap ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Does medicinal marijuana get a bad rap ? 03:37
JUST WATCHED Marijuana as a pain treatment Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Marijuana as a pain treatment 01:28
Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have laws on the books allowing medical marijuana for a variety of conditions . But even as states rewrite their regulations , federal law remains the same : Marijuana is illegal to grow , sell or use for any purpose . Under the 1970 Controlled Substances Act , marijuana is listed on Schedule 1 , meaning it has `` no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . '' To backers of reform , the Catch-22 is familiar : Marijuana is restricted in large part because there is little research to support medical uses ; research is difficult to conduct because of tight restrictions .
A series of memos from the Justice Department has said that arresting individual medical marijuana users is not a priority , and a 2013 memo added that federal prosecutors should not target large commercial operations except on a case-by-case basis . But most observers say that shipping or transporting the drug across state lines ups the ante .
`` For families like us , the biggest issue is the federal issue . You ca n't take it across state lines , '' Knecht explained .
His family still lives in Mechanicsburg . But after seeing CNN 's medical marijuana documentary last year , Anna and her mother , Deb , established residency in Colorado , where they obtained a medical marijuana card that let them place an order for a batch cannabis oil , in hopes it will control Anna 's seizures . If Perry 's bill becomes law , Knecht says , `` Realm of Caring could just put it in a FedEx package . ''
The Food and Drug Administration is conducting a review of scientific evidence to determine whether marijuana warrants looser treatment , but a spokeswoman says there 's no set date to complete the analysis . A review in 2011 ended with the Drug Enforcement Administration leaving marijuana 's status unaltered .
But certain actions in Congress give Perry and his supporters hope .
This month , the House passed a bill allowing banks to handle cash proceeds from dispensaries and other legal marijuana businesses .
The most recent Farm Bill allows industrial hemp -- a strain of cannabis without THC -- to be grown for academic or research purposes . That did n't stop the Drug Enforcement Administration from seizing a shipment of hemp seeds bound for the University of Kentucky this spring . In response , the Senate Appropriations Committee , with support from Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , passed an amendment blocking DEA funds for anti-hemp enforcement .
In May , the House passed a measure blocking money for DEA raids on marijuana dispensaries that are legal under state law .
And just last week , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky took it a step further , introducing an amendment to the Jobs Bill that would forbid federal prosecution of doctors and patients whose actions are legal under state medical marijuana laws .
`` If states allow doctors to prescribe medical marijuana , and people are in good faith prescribing medical marijuana , we want to make sure it 's OK and that the federal government does n't come in and prosecute somebody , '' said Brian Darling , Paul 's communications director .
The amendment seems likely to die amidst wrangling over the Jobs Bill , but Darling says his boss plans to move forward on a standalone measure .
Too many people have been sentenced to long prison terms for possession of marijuana , Darling says . `` The War on Drugs has gone overboard . ''
Knecht does n't want to uproot his family to move to Colorado . But he says his hand may be forced . `` We 're taking this situation one day at a time . ''
That 's where Janea Cox was a few months ago . She had n't heard about Perry 's bill until she got a call from a reporter but says she understands where the Pennsylvania families are coming from . She 's angry at home-state lawmakers who failed to push through Georgia 's cannabidiol oil bill this spring .
`` I lived in Georgia for 17 years , '' she said , `` but here in Colorado , I met my child for the first time , at the age of 5 . ''
Astrocytes Identified as Target for New Depression Therapy
Tufts neuroscientists find that starry brain cells can be used to mimic sleep deprivation .
Neuroscience researchers from Tufts University have found that our star-shaped brain cells , called astrocytes , may be responsible for the rapid improvement in mood in depressed patients after acute sleep deprivation . This in vivo study , published in the current issue of Translational Psychiatry , identified how astrocytes regulate a neurotransmitter involved in sleep . The researchers report that the findings may help lead to the development of effective and fast-acting drugs to treat depression , particularly in psychiatric emergencies .
Drugs are widely used to treat depression , but often take weeks to work effectively . Sleep deprivation , however , has been shown to be effective immediately in approximately 60 % of patients with major depressive disorders . Although widely-recognized as helpful , it is not always ideal because it can be uncomfortable for patients , and the effects are not long-lasting .
During the 1970s , research verified the effectiveness of acute sleep deprivation for treating depression , particularly deprivation of rapid eye movement sleep , but the underlying brain mechanisms were not known .
Most of what we understand of the brain has come from research on neurons , but another type of largely-ignored cell , called glia , are their partners . Although historically thought of as a support cell for neurons , the Phil Haydon group at Tufts University School of Medicine has shown in animal models that a type of glia , called astrocytes , affect behavior .
Haydon 's team had established previously that astrocytes regulate responses to sleep deprivation by releasing neurotransmitters that regulate neurons . This regulation of neuronal activity affects the sleep-wake cycle . Specifically , astrocytes act on adenosine receptors on neurons . Adenosine is a chemical known to have sleep-inducing effects .
During our waking hours , adenosine accumulates and increases the urge to sleep , known as sleep pressure . Chemicals , such as caffeine , are adenosine receptor antagonists and promote wakefulness . In contrast , an adenosine receptor agonist creates sleepiness .
“ In this study , we administered three doses of an adenosine receptor agonist to mice over the course of a night that caused the equivalent of sleep deprivation . The mice slept as normal , but the sleep did not reduce adenosine levels sufficiently , mimicking the effects of sleep deprivation . After only 12 hours , we observed that mice had decreased depressive-like symptoms and increased levels of adenosine in the brain , and these results were sustained for 48 hours , ” said first author Dustin Hines , Ph.D. , a post-doctoral fellow in the department of neuroscience at Tufts University School of Medicine ( TUSM ) .
“ By manipulating astrocytes we were able to mimic the effects of sleep deprivation on depressive-like symptoms , causing a rapid and sustained improvement in behavior , ” continued Hines .
“ Further understanding of astrocytic signaling and the role of adenosine is important for research and development of anti-depressant drugs . Potentially , new drugs that target this mechanism may provide rapid relief for psychiatric emergencies , as well as long-term alleviation of chronic depressive symptoms , ” said Naomi Rosenberg , Ph.D. , dean of the Sackler School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences and vice dean for research at Tufts University School of Medicine . “ The team 's next step is to further understand the other receptors in this system and see if they , too , can be affected . ”
Notes about this neuroscience research
Senior author , Phillip G. Haydon , Ph.D. , is the Annetta and Gustav Grisard professor and chair of the department of neuroscience at Tufts University School of Medicine ( TUSM ) . Haydon is also a member of the neuroscience program faculty at the Sackler School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences at Tufts .
Additional authors are Luke I. Schmitt , B.S. , a Ph.D. candidate in neuroscience at the Sackler School ; Rochelle M. Hines , Ph.D. , a post-doctoral fellow in the department of neuroscience at TUSM ; and Stephen J. Moss , Ph.D. , a professor of neuroscience at Tufts University School of Medicine and a member of the neuroscience program faculty at the Sackler School .
This research was supported by award number R01MH095385 from the National Institute of Mental Health , part of the National Institutes of Health , as well as by award number R01NS037585 from the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , both of the National Institutes of Health . Dustin Hines was partially funded by the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada . Haydon is co-founder and president of GliaCure Inc. , which has licensed a pending patent application filed by Tufts University claiming compounds that modulate the signaling cascades , and related methods of use , described in this paper .
Contact : Siobhan E. Gallagher – Tufts University , Boston Health Sciences Campus
Source : Tufts University press release submitted to NeuroscienceNews.com by Siabhan E. Gallagher . Thank you Siabhan E. Gallagher .
Image Source : Human astrocyte image by Bruno Pascal ( Own work ) shared with the CC-BY-SA-3.0 license via Wikimedia Commons .
Original Research : Full research article for “ Antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation require astrocyte-dependent adenosine mediated signaling ” by Hines DJ , Schmitt LI , Hines RM , Moss SJ and Haydon PG in Nature 's Translational Psychiatry Published online 15 January 2013 doi : 10.1038/tp.2012.136
Bitcoin is a new way to think about money , and there are people in places all around the world who could use it for purposes other than speculation . Maybe they do n't have faith in the financial system of the country they live in . Or maybe national regulations put limits on what kind of assets they can invest in . Bitcoin could assist with these and other economic problems in some countries in particular .
For a country 's currency to be successful , its citizens must believe in the good faith and credit of its government . Whether it is dollars , pounds or euros , money has value in part because of the government that backs it , along with some other factors .
So let 's take a look at five countries where citizens might have more than the usual reasons to adopt Bitcoin … whether that 's as a means of payment , as an investment or simply as a store of value .
1 . China
A lot of people in China have become very wealthy over the past 20 years of economic expansion . With a total population of over 1.3 billion people , China has more than a million millionaires . One of the biggest problems for Chinese citizens is that it is difficult to invest money outside of their own country . Although the very wealthy typically have no problem doing so , most in the middle class … and that 's a segment that will grow enormously in the next ten years .
Chinese people have a reason to be interested in Bitcoin since – other than pricey real estate and slow-growing bank accounts – they do n't have many other places to store their money . While China has national stock markets , Bitcoin is an attractive option because of its global reach . There is already a China-specific exchange called BTCChina .
2 . Iran
Much of Iran 's economy is centrally planned . And that means there are currency controls in place , not to mention sluggish private sector growth . That would perhaps make Bitcoin more favorable to Iranians . While much of Iran 's economy is based on oil , there is n't advanced economy with a financial services sector there like in Europe or in the United states .
Throw in the fact that the flow of US dollars in Iran is relegated to the black market , and Bitcoin seems like a golden opportunity in the Islamic Republic . And the country 's inflation rate – as the chart above shows – is getting worse , especially in the last few years . Strange as it may seem , bitcoins might just be less volatile than that of Iranian rials . That might convince those who want to their money to remain valuable to use something else … possibly Bitcoin .
3 . Greece
Greece is known as a country where tax evasion is rampant . Greeks with cash like to move their money elsewhere , and one possibility is into bitcoins . The banking controls in nearby Cyprus likely also led to increased interest in Bitcoin . There 's no doubt that some of the investor speculation was the result of Europeans placing bets on bitcoins … and Greeks have a lot of incentive to do so .
While the youth of Greece can not find a job , the elite are trying to get their money out of the country . Riots have been a reality in Greece as a result of diminished government services and the terrible labor market , so investment in Greece is flowing out rather than coming in . Most likely , some of it is probably going into Bitcoin .
4 . Argentina
Through the years , Argentina has gone through a series of debt crises that has left little faith in the country 's monetary system . From the country 's default in 2001 to the problems of today , the Argentine peso gives citizens very little reason for confidence . Recently , it has been reported that the wealthy are more interested in investing in luxury cars such as BMWs than in socking away their money in an ever-inflationary environment . This is why Bitcoin could prove to be of great interest to Argentinians .
“ Argentina has a terrible legacy of currency crises , and it is going through one right now ” , says Fergus Hodgson , an economist and policy advisor with the Future of Freedom Foundation . “ Bitcoin offers a vehicle for convenient civil disobedience . That is acting in a peaceful manner to engage in relatively freer trade and transfer wealth across nationalities with ease. ” In fact , Tradehill , a Bitcoin exchange , is planning to open an office in Argentina .
5 . Italy
Italy has a debt problem . While the media has spent a lot of time reporting on the woes of Greece , Italy is not far behind . It is the third-largest country in the Eurozone and has the second-largest amount of debt . This affects the euro , weighing it down despite more robust economies such as Germany that use it too .
The resulting problem is that there is a lack of liquidity in the banking market of Italy . It 's like paying only the interest on nearly maxed-out credits cards : you ca n't get out of the debt holding you down . Italians could increasingly look at Bitcoins to hedge against this uncertainty . It 's possible that Italy 's debt will hit 130 percent of GDP this year , leading to fears that debt could balloon out of control .
What these countries could do
These five countries have unique and intertwining problems with their money . But cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin could influence nations to adopt different economic or monetary policies . The actions government leaders in these countries take will be interesting to watch . They can not stop Bitcoin itself , so they will take actions in ways that will reveal what they really think about it .
Some of these countries can do things to control the flow of information to the masses . Since Bitcoin is a purely electronic currency , countries with control over their telecommunication industries could take steps to block access to web-based Bitcoin exchanges and wallets . That might slow down adoption , but is unlikely to stop it completely due to the digital currency 's decentralized nature .
What countries do you see Bitcoin being an influence in ? Can countries do anything to stop Bitcoin ?
Sources :
[ 1 ] . Market Oracle
[ 2 ] . Trading Economics
[ 3 ] . Greek Suicides up 27 % – Quartz
[ 4 ] . Scott Grannis
[ 5 ] . Google : Eurostat , World Bank
Almost a year ago , Sun News Network host Ezra Levant made disparaging comments about “ Gypsies ” in Canada in relation to a story about a ring of thieves which had been busted by police .
On Monday , the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council found his statements to be a clear violation of their code of ethics .
“ Levant made numerous comments , alleging that all Gypsies are criminals because it is part of their culture , ” the CBSC wrote in Monday 's decision , finding that Levant 's comments on air “ were abusive and unduly discriminatory against an ethnic group , and violated other provisions of the [ equitable portrayal cde ] regarding negative portrayal , stereotyping , stigmatization and degradation . ”
But despite the ruling , Sun News has escaped the standard punishment broadcasters are dealt when found in violation of the code .
“ When a broadcaster violates one or more codes , the CBSC customarily requires the station to announce the CBSC finding on air , ” the organization wrote .
“ In this case , Sun News Network aired two separate apologetic statements , one that appeared on screen and was read aloud in voice-over narration and another lengthier one made by the host , Ezra Levant , himself . Although these broadcasts did not appease the complainants , they did satisfy the CBSC requirements to acknowledge inappropriate statements on air . ”
You can read the full text of the ruling here .
Related articles
iStanford for iPad released
With more and more students using tablets for taking notes and accessing digital textbooks and social media platforms , iStanford for iPad extends the Stanford University campus experience to an increasingly ubiquitous device .
iStanford , the mobile application designed to help the Stanford community navigate the campus , is expanding its platform to the iPad with iStanford for iPad .
With more and more students using tablet devices for taking notes and accessing digital textbooks and social media platforms , iStanford for iPad extends the Stanford University campus experience to an increasingly ubiquitous device .
iStanford was originally released in 2008 as an iPhone tool for students to access campus maps , the course catalog and campus news , and to contact professors . Since its first iteration , the iPhone app has undergone several facelifts and now features real-time information about the Marguerite shuttle service , as well as class analytics and campus trivia .
iStanford offers a range of integrated proprietary and third-party applications that make it easy for students and others to get to and around campus , explore food options , manage courses and take advantage of a full range of other services and resources .
`` Students regard their mobile devices as indispensible to the way they learn , work and live , '' said Stanford Registrar Thomas Black , whose team developed the effort . `` Providing them with the native tools they need to more intuitively navigate campus life in a way that feels normal and natural to them has been our primary focus throughout the iStanford initiative . ''
Black also noted that the initial release for the iPad is just the beginning . `` We 're just getting started with the iPad platform , '' he said .
One of the service tiles within iStanford for iPad is ClassOwl . Founded by Stanford students , ClassOwl is designed to help students simplify their lives by providing course and event scheduling , and letting users join social and academic groups . Another useful service is an ePortfolio provided by Pathbrite ; the tool allows students to use multimedia to make formal and informal connections outside the classroom . There also is a Law School Navigator for Stanford law students and a tile that helps students find mentors through the Career Development Center 's Mentor app .
`` I use mobile devices , including my tablet , for just about everything , so being able to pick my classes , check my grades and find things around campus that way is quick and convenient , '' said Stanford senior James Mwaura .
While iStanford is primarily for students , faculty , staff and alumni , visitors also have benefited . In addition to the campus maps and transit information , the suite of services on the platform includes virtual campus tours developed by GoTourIt .
The iStanford for iPhone and iPad apps are now available in the Apple App Store . For more information , visit the iStanford for iPad Facebook page or Twitter feed .
Media Contact
Tom Black , University Registrar : ( 650 ) 723-1550 , tblack @ stanford.edu
Elaine Ray , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 723-7162 , ray @ stanford.edu
COLUMBIA , South Carolina ( CNN ) -- Funnyman Stephen Colbert 's presidential campaign is apparently no joke .
The host of Comedy Central 's `` The Colbert Report '' will file papers late Wednesday or early Thursday to put his name on South Carolina 's Democratic primary ballot , a source familiar with the comedian 's strategy said .
Stephen Colbert , a South Carolina native , made two `` campaign '' stops in the Palmetto State last weekend .
The South Carolina native will not file papers as a Republican because the $ 35,000 required to get on the GOP ballot is apparently too high a threshold .
`` They priced us out of range , '' the source told CNN .
The South Carolina Democratic Party demands a candidate pay $ 2,500 or garner 3,000 signatures to get on the ballot . Surrogates of `` The Colbert Report '' star will file the hand-signed papers at state party headquarters before the November 1 filing deadline .
The mock conservative pundit whose show regularly features real politicians and political commentators announced that he was running as both a Democrat and Republican on October 16 .
But whether Colbert 's name will show up on the ballot remains unclear .
The state party 's 26-member executive council -- with representatives from each of South Carolina 's six congressional districts as well as state members of the Democratic National Committee -- will meet Thursday afternoon to decide which candidates meet the criteria to appear on the ballot .
To make the cut , a candidate must demonstrate two requirements : that he or she is viable nationally and has spent time campaigning in the state .
Colbert made a `` campaign '' stop on Sunday in Columbia to receive a key to the city from Mayor Bob Coble , attracting about 1,000 people , mostly University of South Carolina students .
But Colbert 's national viability is what 's at issue before the executive council .
`` He does not appear to be campaigning to win if he is only running in one state , '' said Carol Khare Fowler , chairwoman of the state Democratic Party and a member of the executive council .
Another council member , Charleston Democratic Party Chairman Waring Howe , was more blunt : `` Over my dead body will Colbert 's name be on the ballot . ''
Opponents such as Howe argue that Colbert makes a mockery of the political process . They also note that for each candidate on the Democratic ballot , the state party must pay $ 20,000 to the state election commission , a consideration that could blunt Colbert 's chances .
Colbert 's supporters on the executive council said that the comedian will bring new , younger voters into the party fold and that he will use his candidacy to promote South Carolina nightly on national television .
`` I think a lot of people think it 's a joke because it 's a comedy show and what not , but he 's a nice fellow , and if he gets on the ballot , he will come here to South Carolina and campaign across the state , '' said Charles Hamby , the second vice chairman of the state Democratic Party .
`` We know he wo n't be president . He knows that . But it will bring a lot of people into the party , '' Hamby said .
On Sunday , Colbert had a private meeting with Joe Werner , executive director of the state Democratic Party , to discuss the implications of being on the ballot .
The source familiar with Colbert 's strategy said he will use his satirical candidacy to promote his home state , as he did during the recent speech in Columbia in which he extolled the virtues of Palmetto State peaches over Georgia 's .
Colbert is asking supporters to donate $ 100,000 to South Carolina schools at the Web site donorschoose.org , which already has raised $ 40,000 . E-mail to a friend
All About Stephen Colbert • South Carolina
A happy golfer . Andy Buchanan/AFP/Getty Images
Donald Trump likes to golf . He owns golf courses around the world , after all . Donald Trump does not like the media . We know this because he talks about it , he tweets about it , and he likely dreams about it . This weekend , the president took another break from Washington and headed south to Mar-a-Lago . On Saturday , Trump suited up to play a round of golf with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . The weather looks nice enough in Jupiter , Florida , the site of the Trump National Golf Club—mid-70s , a bit of cloud cover , but nothing to stress over . As good a day as any for a little golf diplomacy .
But what to do with the press while you 're teeing off ?
Trump 's press corps has been placed in a basement suite at Jupiter golf club . Black plastic over windows to give Trump privacy as he golfs . pic.twitter.com/8zbqi5HGSD — Jennifer Jacobs ( @ JenniferJJacobs ) February 11 , 2017
Our view of Trump 's Jupiter golf course from the pool hold . pic.twitter.com/VCtTIJaSLQ — Jill Colvin ( @ colvinj ) February 11 , 2017
Yikes . Needless to say , that seems a bit extreme .
American presidents playing golf has never been a particularly top-secret affair .
Barack Obama putting on the 18th green at the Kapolei Golf Club on Dec. 21 . Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
George W. Bush with his father , former President George Bush , playing golf in July 2002 at the Cape Arundel Golf Course in Kennebunkport , Maine . Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Bill Clinton after teeing off at the Farm Neck Golf Course on Martha 's Vineyard in August 1999 . Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Update , 1:32 p.m. : Donald Trump just did n't want the media to steal his likes .
The story of the Norwegian customer who had here entire collection of books on her Kindle wiped carries on . There 's a Guardian piece here and Cory Doctorow gives some idea of the legal issues here .
An Amazon Kindle user has had her account wiped and all her paid-for books deleted by Amazon without warning or explanation . The Norwegian woman , identified only as Linn on media commentator Martin Bekkelund 's blog , approached Amazon when she realised her Kindle had been wiped . She was informed by a customer relations executive that her account had been closed , all open orders had been cancelled and all her content had been removed , but has been unable to find out why .
Doctorow is quite right that what we 're talking about here is the territorial rights to a book .
`` Open territory '' is a publishing term describing places where no publisher holds exclusive retail rights . In English-language book-contracts , it 's almost always the case that countries where English is n't the native or official language are `` open territory , '' meaning that if a writer sells her English language rights in Canada and the US to Macmillan , and her UK/Australia/NZ/South African rights to Penguin , both Penguin and Macmillan are legally allowed to sell competing English print and electronic editions in Norway , Rwanda , India , China , and Russia . However , the universal approach taken by ebook retailers to `` open territory '' is to pretend that it does n't exist . If no publisher is registered as the exclusive provider of an edition in a given country , the ebook retailers just refuse to sell to people in those countries .
But he 's not right enough . Or perhaps he 's being too sophisticated that is . For I 'm pretty sure it 's not about such open territory rights at all . For I 'm certain that Amazon would do the same if they found someone purchasing US e-books onto a UK based Kindle too . For the very good reason that at that point Amazon would in fact be obeying the rules over who can sell what book where . For using the example he gives , the UK rights belong to penguin but Amazon will have supplied a Macmillan version to that person in the country where Penguin has the rights .
Do n't forget , Penguin has paid an advance sum for those rights : under such circumstances Macmillan would be taking ( stealing would be a little too strong a word ) some of that advance . This is as true of e-books as it is of physical books . It 's also largely true of recorded music too , which is why services like Spotify and Pandora etc are only available country by country as they sign up the rights .
Doctorow 's quite right about those open territories . But I have a feeling that Amazon 's default standing is that they simply wo n't sell anything at all out of the territories where they know absolutely that they have the rights . That is , they 're not distinguishing between open English language rights and territory specific English language rights . You 'd get into just as much trouble buying UK versions in the US as you would buy UK versions in Norway . Despite the fact that the Norway scenario would be legal and the US one not . Amazon 's simply decided not to take the chance and wo n't supply outside the territory . And it 'll wipe if they find you getting around that system .
( Image Credit : Carolyn Kaster/AP Photo )
The Obama administration today endorsed new oil and gas exploration along the Atlantic Coast , setting the stage for possible future drilling lease sales .
The announcement by the Interior Department sets into motion what will be at least a five year environmental survey to determine whether and where oil production might occur .
It also comes as President Obama faces mounting pressure over high gas prices and criticism from Republicans that he has opposed more drilling for oil .
`` Making decisions based on sound science , public input and the best information available is a critical component to this administration 's all-of-the-above energy strategy , '' said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
But Republicans say the announcement is simply for show . Obama delayed and then cancelled a planned 2011 drilling lease sale for areas off the Virginia coast following the BP oil spill in the Gulf .
There are also no guarantees the administration will approve drilling permits at the end of the environmental review .
`` The president 's actions have closed an entire new area to drilling on his watch and cheats Virginians out of thousands of jobs , '' said Rep. Doc Hastings , R-Wash. , who chairs the House Natural Resources Committee .
The announcement `` continues the president 's election-year political ploy of giving speeches and talking about drilling after having spent the first three years in office blocking , delaying and driving up the cost of producing energy in America , '' he said .
`` If President Obama truly wanted to support energy production in the Atlantic , he would immediately reinstate the lease sale that he canceled . ''
House Republicans say approving drilling off the Virginia coast would create at least 2,000 jobs and produce 750 million barrels of oil .
As I 've said before , I like when a game is elegantly written . I like when a game story manages to get its point across without too much expositional dialogue , ideally within gameplay , not cutscenes . I 'm very much a supporter of the 'show do n't tell ' rule . Partly because it 's boring to slog through too much dialogue at once , and partly because I like when there 's room for interpretation . That 's one thing ( of many ) that Hideo Kojima has never understood , he writes games like he spent all week working out complex profiles for all his original characters that he thinks are sooo cool and he 's going to sit you down and explain them all at you until you agree . 'Fat Man ' was named after the atomic bomb , was he ? Thanks for sharing , Hideo .
But I like when a story leaves room for interpretation because , as you should know by now , I 'm a big fan of over-thinking things . In the past , in this very column , I posed the theory that Bowser seems to be an unconscious stand-in for Nintendo as a corporation , and their relative stance in the video gaming market . I 'd like to stay on the subject of Nintendo and address the game that just got Zee-Peed : EarthBound , aka Mother 2 . What is the hidden subtext of EarthBound ?
I would ask you to consider what kind of audience EarthBound is for . I would n't say it 's for adults . It 's a cartoony game about schoolkids going on a colorful adventure to fight a big mean monster , and it 's all a little bit too mired in themes related to innocent wonder and childlike power fantasy . But at the same time , it 's hard to say that it 's for young kids , either , with the surreality and occasional dark moments . Certainly you 'd have to be older than I was when I first watched Yellow Submarine , which gave me fucking nightmares . I think the ideal age is somewhere on the cusp between child and adult . Twelve to sixteen , perhaps . This is also the point in life when puberty kicks in , and that 's not a coincidence .
Yes , once we dig around under the surface , it becomes clear : EarthBound is a game about sexual awakening , and about the realization of the masculine ideal . And that 's with the barest minimum amount of over-thinking .
The game opens with the main character , Ness ( or Steve or Twat or whatever you named him ) being woken in the middle of the night by a meteorite landing on the hill above his house , which begins the chain of events that sends us on the path to adventure . This is a pretty clear analogy to the manner in which most boys first discover their sexuality : by a sudden and cataclysmic event in the middle of the night , after which nothing will ever be the same again .
For there is a strange power within Ness that was in him all along , and which this night-time happenstance has brought to the surface . Suddenly , he can no longer be constrained by his home and mother , the comfortable trappings of childhood , he must set out and explore this new dimension of experience . Tellingly , his weapon of choice , from the very beginning , is a baseball bat . That long , curved , flesh-colored object best known for firing little white spheroids into the waiting grasp of a leathery mitt .
ROUBAIX , France ( VN ) — The Tour de France is n't the only place the big names in television and movies make appearances with the professional peloton . Famed in the U.S. for his roles on “ Saved by the Bell ” and “ NYPD Blue , ” Mark-Paul Gosselaar is a big fan of both Paris-Roubaix and last year 's winner , Johan Vansummeren , and talked with VeloNews Friday about the crossroads between big-time bike racing and Hollywood .
Gosselaar stopped by the Garmin-Barracuda team hotel on Friday before Roubaix to visit the riders and join them for a ride in the Chantilly countryside outside Paris . After a quick chat with team mechanics , he was quickly fitted to a Cervélo for the outing . The stubble-faced star then headed out for several hours on the bike with some of the sport 's best riders .
“ I got into cycling because I wanted to compete and I wanted to get better , ” said Gosselaar , a cat . 2 racer with a good finishing kick . “ When I found out I could n't be a pro cyclist , it crushed me . I thought , ‘ You mean everybody ca n't be a pro cyclist ? ' ”
For years , the actor used cycling as a way to stay in shape and sometimes lose weight . Like many riders , Lance Armstrong sparked an interest in European racing for Gosselaar . In 2005 he started racing himself and went from cat . 5 to cat . 2 in two seasons .
Gosselaar 's visit to Europe is his first as a race spectator , but he 's no novice . He knows his stuff , easily naming off race favorites and showing extensive knowledge of the sport .
“ I 'm stoked to be riding with last year 's champion , ” he says . “ I did n't realize he was so tall ! I mean , he 's a cyclist ? He 's like six-feet-six . He 's huge . But the guy that got me connected with Garmin is my buddy Dave Zabriskie . Zabriskie is in L.A. and we 've ridden a couple times . But it 's cool to go for a team ride . ”
As for Sunday , Gosselaar will be out on course cheering with the masses .
“ I do n't want to go to a hospitality thing . I want to be on course , ” he said . “ This is something that I 've wanted to go see more than the Tour de France , more than anything else . This and I wanted to be here last weekend for Flanders . But this is my first time as a spectator at a race in Europe . My first time riding in Europe ! This is everything , as a cyclist , you 've ever wanted to do . ”
This is also a very special occasion in his life .
“ It 's sort of my bachelor party , too . I 'm getting married in July and they asked me what I wanted to do and I said , ‘ I do n't want to go to a bar . Let 's go to Belgium and go ride . ' ”
As the team rolled out for its training ride , the sun began peeking from behind the clouds . As Gosselaar found his place in the middle of the pack , Garmin team director Allan Pieper commented , “ You can tell he rides . The way he sits on a bike . ”
It may not sound like much , but that 's high praise indeed for the actor . Unlike many stars along for a photo op , Gosselaar 's passion for cycling is clear . Hopefully Sunday 's race has enough excitement to serve as his bachelor party .
When anti-choice Republican Justin Humphrey referred to pregnant women as “ hosts ” , I found myself wondering , not for the first time , whether everything had got “ a bit Handmaid 's Tale . ”
I 'm not alone in having had this thought . Since Donald Trump won the US election , sales of Margaret Atwood 's dystopian novel have spiked and we 've seen a plethora of articles telling us how “ eerily relevant [ it ] is to our current political landscape. ” In an interview during Cuba 's international book fair , Atwood herself said she believes the recent “ bubbling up ” of regressive attitudes towards women is linked to The Handmaid 's Tale 's current success : “ It 's back to 17th-century puritan values of New England at that time in which women were pretty low on the hierarchy … you can think you are being a liberal democracy but then — bang — you 're Hitler 's Germany . ”
Scary stuff . Still , at least most present-day readers can reassure themselves that they 've not arrived in the Republic of Gilead just yet .
For those who have not yet read it , The Handmaid 's Tale tells the story of Offred , who lives under a theocratic dictatorship in what used to be the United States of America . White , middle-class and college-educated , Offred once enjoyed a significant degree of privilege , but now belongs to a class of women whose sole purpose is to gestate offspring for high-status couples . Much of the shock value of the story comes from the contrast between Offred 's former life – in which she had a name of her own - and her present-day existence . If this can happen to someone like Offred , it is suggested , surely it can happen to any of us .
Or so that is what a white , middle-class reader – a reader like me – might tell herself . Recently I 've started to wonder whether that 's strictly true . It can be reassuring to stick to one narrative , one type of baddie – the religious puritan , the pussy-grabbing president , the woman-hating Right . But what if it 's more complicated than that ? There 's something about the current wallowing in Atwood 's vision that strikes me as , if not self-indulgent , then at the very least naive .
In 1985 , the same year The Handmaid 's Tale was published , Gina Correa published The Mother Machine . This was not a work of dystopian fiction , but a feminist analysis of the impact of reproductive technologies on women 's liberties . Even so , there are times when it sounds positively Handmaid 's Tale-esque :
“ Once embryo transfer technology is developed , the surrogate industry could look for breeders – not only in poverty-stricken parts of the United States , but in the Third World as well . There , perhaps , one tenth of the current fee could be paid to women ”
Perhaps , at the time her book was written , Correa 's imaginings sounded every bit as dark and outlandish as Atwood 's . And yet she has been proved right . Today there are parts of the world in which renting the womb of a poor woman is indeed ten times cheaper than in the US . The choice of wealthy white couples to implant embryos in the bodies of brown women is seen , not as colonialist exploitation , but as a neutral consumer choice . I ca n't help wondering why , if the fate of the fictional Offred is so horrifying to western feminists today , the fate of real-life women in surrogacy hostels is causing so little outrage .
I suppose the main argument of these feminists would be that real-life women choose to be surrogates , whereas Offred does not . But is the distinction so clear ? If Offred refuses to work as a handmaid , she may be sent to the Colonies , where life expectancy is short . Yet even this is a choice of sorts . As she herself notes , “ nothing is going on here that I have n't signed up for . There was n't a lot of choice but there was some , and this is what I chose. ” In the real world , grinding poverty drives women of colour to gestate the babies of the wealthy . As one Indian surrogate tells interviewer Seemi Pasha , “ Why would I be a surrogate for someone else if I do n't need the money ? Why would I make myself go through this pain ? ''
None of the feminists who expressed shock at Justin Humphrey referring to pregnant women as “ hosts ” have , as far as I am aware , expressed the same horror at surrogacy agencies using the exact same term . As Dorothy Roberts wrote in Killing The Black Body , the notion of reproductive liberty remains “ primarily concerned with the interests of white , middle-class women ” and “ focused on the right to abortion. ” The right not just to decide if and when to have children , but to have children of one 's own – something women of colour have frequently been denied – can be of little interest of those who have never really feared losing it ( hence the cloth-eared response of many white women to Beyoncè 's Grammy performance ) .
As Roberts notes , “ reproductive liberty must encompass more than the protection of an individual woman 's choice to end her pregnancy ” :
“ It must encompass the full range of procreative activities , including the ability to bear a child , and it must acknowledge that we make reproductive decisions within a social context , including inequalities of wealth and power . Reproductive freedom is a matter of social justice , not individual choice . ”
It 's easy to mock the pretensions to pro-life piety of a pussy-grabbing president . But what about the white liberal left 's insistence that criticising the global trade in sexual and gestational services is “ telling a woman what she can and can not do with her body ” and as such is illiberal and wrong ? “ Individual choice ” can be every bit as much of a false , woman-hating god as the one worshipped by the likes of Humphrey and Trump .
One of the most distressing scenes in The Handmaid 's Tale takes place when Janine/Ofwarren has just given birth and has her child taken from her :
“ We stand between Janine and the bed , so she wo n't have to see this . Someone gives her a drink of grape juice . I hope there 's wine in it , she 's still having the pains , for the afterbirth , she 's crying helplessly , burnt-out miserable tears . ”
Right now there are women suffering in just this way . Only they 're probably not white , nor middle-class , nor sitting in a twee white bedroom in Middle America . Oh , and they 're not fictional , either .
The dystopian predictions of 1985 have already come true . It 's just that women like me did n't notice until we started to be called “ hosts ” , too .
* * *
Now listen to a discussion of The Handmaid 's Tale on the NS pop culture podcast :
Please note that this app is currently in beta so expect bugs and major app changes !
Features
Expected Features
A better icon . If anyone is willing to crate an icon for the app I would gladly pay them !
Screenshots
Change Log
Code : Version beta_5 * Fixed various bugs reported via email . * Floating notification can now be shown as at full width in landscape mode . Version beta_4 * Fixed various bugs reported via email . Version beta_3 * Fixed problem of notification showing when device is off . * Fixed problem of notifications showing over lockscreen . * Fixed bug that caused notification history to crash if not small icon is associated with notification . * Fixed bug that caused crash when trying to view expanded notification . * Fixed various bugs reported via email . * Added unselect all and select all options to whitelist and blacklist . * Added new Action : Single Tap * Added new option to show notification as expanded notification if an expanded view for that notification exists . Version beta_2 • Alpha of floating notification can now be set . • ACRA so users can report crashes to me !
Download
Uber notifications is the only app that has both notification history and floating notifications for android 4.0+ ! • Android L style floating notifications for Android 4.0+• Notification History• Notification Info including views of the original notifications• Three themes to choose from for floating notification with the option to create custom themes coming soon• Expanded notifications also use the same theme as the compact notification• Whitelist for apps that are able to show floating notifications• Blacklist for apps that floating notification are not able to be shown over• Floating notification supports the following action : double click , long click , swipe left , swipe right , swipe down , swipe up• Each floating notification action can be customized to preform different actions• Four different show and dismiss animation for floating notification that can be mixed and matched• User created themes for floating notifications• Lockscreen widget for notifications• Lockscreen like Android L for notifications• Save notifications as images• First time run welcome screen and short walk through of app features• Possibly the ability to show more than one floating notification• Show notification in floating window so user can keep it on screen , move it around , and re-size it until its not needed anymore.• Multi language• Anything else the community suggest
A release date has been revealed for Google Play 's Family Library feature , which will make sharing apps between up to six family members easier . All apps bought after July 2 , 2016 will be automatically opted in to the service . Therefore , developers of apps purchased after the release date will be required to manually opt out of the sharing service , if they want their apps to remain exclusive to one device .
However , for apps bought before the allotted date , app developers will have to decide whether they wish to opt in to the service . Developers will be unable to restrict sharing of their apps again once they make the decision to support the Family Library sharing feature .
Google also announced this week that Android apps and the Google Play Store would soon be available on their Chrome operating system . A preview will be available to developers in mid-June , while Google said Android apps would become supported by Chrome OS `` later in 2016 '' .
Source : Google Support via Android Police
NEW YORK -- Logan Morrison 's father remembers exactly what he said when the doctor told him he had inoperable lung cancer .
`` Am I going to be around long enough to see my son get his first big league hit ? ''
Oh , he 's seen that and much , much more .
Morrison and his dad , both choking back tears , sat side by side in the Florida Marlins ' dugout Wednesday trying to describe their emotions during a cherished reunion at Citi Field .
Words , in this case , could never be enough .
Not for a proud father who traveled 29 hours on a train to see his son play big league ballgames in person for the first time .
Not for a boy who knows all too well it could be their last chance to celebrate his birthday together .
Tom Morrison , 51 , was diagnosed with Stage 4 lung cancer in April and spent much of the summer fighting for his life in a hospital . Meanwhile , his son , Logan , earned a call-up to the majors July 27 and a spot in left field with the Marlins .
`` That was killing me , not being able to see him play , '' the elder Morrison said . `` It 's just nice to be able to sit in the park and watch him . ''
Tom Morrison , finally well enough to travel , got the chance to do just that Tuesday night following the long train ride from his Louisiana home . He saw his son go 1 for 5 and score a run in a 6-5 loss to the New York Mets .
`` It was an awesome feeling , for him to see that in person , '' Logan Morrison said .
Logan Morrison was in the lineup again Wednesday on his 23rd birthday . His dad was back at the ballpark , too , purple-tinted sunglasses sitting upside down on the bill of a black Marlins cap , with about 20 other family members and friends in attendance . A birthday cake awaited after the game .
`` Baseball has kind of brought the family together , '' Logan Morrison said .
Doctors ' orders prevent Tom Morrison from flying , but that did n't stop him from making it to the Big Apple this week . And after all of the radiation and chemotherapy he 's been through , sitting in the left-field stands watching his boy play was quite a treat .
`` It 's probably the best recreation I have , '' Tom Morrison said , smiling . `` I made him wave at me . ''
Logan Morrison is hitting .307 with seven RBIs since being called up to the majors by the Marlins . AP Photo/Denis Poroy
The rookie outfielder , selected to the Futures Game for top prospects during All-Star festivities last month , singled twice , tripled and scored two runs in a 5-4 victory Wednesday night . He 's hitting .307 with no homers and seven RBIs , and nobody is happier for him than his father .
`` Anytime he 's in the stands I kick it up a little bit . He 's the reason I 'm here , '' Morrison said . `` And with him being sick , there might not be too many more opportunities where he can see me play . ''
After the game , the Morrison clan met up in a corridor before heading out for a postgame dinner .
`` It 's kind of surreal . The kid 's living his dream , '' Tom Morrison said before the game . `` He 's a good kid . He deserves it . ''
Logan Morrison said it 's not hard to concentrate on the field , but he often thinks of his dad during batting practice and when he 's away from the ballpark . He said his all-out style of play and perfectionist personality comes directly from his father , still active as a chief petty officer in the Coast Guard and based out of Slidell , La .
`` Now you know why when I get three hits and I get out once I 'm mad , '' Logan Morrison said . `` I 'm never satisfied . ''
Tom Morrison , who said he played college football at Kansas , watches Logan 's games on his computer at home and plans to go to Florida in early October for the Marlins ' final series of the season . The weather should be cooler then , which is important for the elder Morrison because he gets dehydrated easily .
Next year , he wants to buy a special all-in-one train ticket that would allow him to hop on and off in different cities -- wherever Logan is playing at the time .
That 's how Tom Morrison wants to spend the days he has left .
Sitting in the dugout at Citi Field , he could only hope he gets that chance .
Emergency vehicles outside the home where two pit bulls killed Bessie Flowers .
Victim Identified
UPDATE 03/28/16 : The victim has been identified as 86-year old Bessie Flowers . Police have identified the attacking dogs as two American pit bull terriers . Both animals were properly licensed and vaccinated . Police confirmed they were called to the same address in April 2013 regarding a complaint about two aggressive dogs ; no other details were provided . WSOC-TV also reports that the homeowners association is now considering banning pit bulls in the community going forward .
The same male neighbor who spoke to Time Warner Cable News is also in the WSOC-TV video footage . `` There have been two incidents with those dogs , '' said the man who did not want to be identified . `` They attacked other dogs here . No one has done anything about it . I constantly told people that they are going to kill someone , '' he said . That is exactly what the dogs did too . It is unknown if the earlier incidents were reported to police . So far officials have not addressed this .
Evening Updates
In an evening update by WBTV , circumstances leading up to the deadly attack were included . Flowers had been on the back deck of the townhome and was heading back inside when she slipped or tripped onto a dog bed . Her daughter 's two pit bulls approached Flowers while she was on the floor and `` apparently '' began playing with her , which quickly escalated into a full-scale attack , said a police source . The dogs executed the killing bite , attacking her neck and head .
Flowers ' daughter was able to separate the dogs and call for help . A portion of the 911 call was released to the media . Heavily breathing , the daughter said , `` This is an emergency . My dogs attacked , they really hurt her . Please come ! '' When police arrived , Flowers was deceased on the floor , Captain Todd Lontz said . After seeing her own pit bulls attack and kill her mother , the daughter refused to sign the dogs over to officials , so animal control officers seized them .
03/28/16 : Family Dogs Kill Woman
Charlotte , NC - An 86-year old woman was attacked and killed by two dogs while visiting a family member 's home in south Charlotte . The victim , whose name has not been released , suffered `` fatal dog bite injuries '' and was pronounced dead at the scene , officials said . WBTV reports that the woman was visiting her daughter 's townhome on the 3200 block of Luke Crossing when the lethal attack occurred . Captain Todd Lontz confirmed that the dogs involved `` are actually family dogs . ''
`` Sources say the woman suffered injuries to the neck and lost a substantial amount of blood . '' - WBTV , March 28 , 2016
At this stage , police have not named the breeds of dogs involved , but neighbors told WBTV that the homeowner was `` always walking two pit bulls on leashes . '' Photographs taken by WCCB confirm that both dogs are pit bulls , specifically red nose pit bulls . The Charlotte Observer reports that a neighbor said both dogs -- a male and female -- and their female owner had lived in the area for several years and at one point had served on the community 's homeowners association .
Time Warner Cable News briefly spoke to an unidentified neighbor who was clearly upset . `` [ The pit bulls ] attacked another dog two times and no one ever did anything about it , '' he said . `` They never attacked a person , but they attacked two dogs . '' The footage also shows police gathered outside of the home where the woman was attacked and neighbors or possibly family members near the home 's front door . CMPD 's Animal Care and Control took both pit bulls into custody .
Fifth Fatal Pit Bull Attack
This still unnamed elderly victim is the third fatal pit bull attack in North Carolina since January 2016 and the fifth since July 2015 , when 6-year old Joshua Strother was fatally attacked by a pit bull that was adopted out three weeks earlier by the Asheville Humane Society . These victims include : Suzanne Story , 36 , of Perquimans County , Talan West , 7 , of Robeson County , Cathy Wheatcraft , 48 , of Davie County and Joshua Strother , 6 , of Henderson County , North Carolina .
View the DogsBite.org Google State Map : View the DogsBite.org Google State Map : North Carolina Fatal Pit Bull Attacks
Related articles :
02/12/16 : 2016 Dog Bite Fatality : Woman Killed by Pet Pit Bull in Perquimans County , NC
03/05/16 : 2016 Dog Bite Fatality : Pit Bull Kills Child , Injures Another in Lumberton , North Carolina
08/25/15 : 2015 Dog Bite Fatality : Pit Bull Kills Woman , Injures Another in Davie County ...
08/06/15 : 2015 Dog Bite Fatality : Recently Adopted Out Pit Bull Kills 6-Year Old Boy ...
05/05/09 : Alexandra Semyonova : Heritability of Behavior in the Abnormally Aggressive Dog
Exelon Corp. EXC , +0.29 % said Tuesday it will prematurely retire its Three Mile Island nuclear power plant on or around Sept. 30 , 2019 , absent needed policy reforms . The company said it has started informing key stakeholders , including the PJM , a regional transmission organization . The company will book charges of $ 65 million to $ 110 million in 2017 and accelerate about $ 1 billion to $ 1.1 billion in depreciation and amortization charges through the announced shutdown date . Exelon has further terminated capital investment projects for the plant and is canceling 2019 fuel purchases and outage planning that will impact roughly 1,500 outage workers . `` Absent policy reforms , the loss of Pennsylvania nuclear plants would increase air pollution , compromise the resiliency of the electric grid , raise energy prices for consumers , eliminate thousands of good-paying local jobs and weaken the state 's economy , '' the company said in a statement . The Three Mile Island plant has 675 full-time workers and about another 1,500 contract workers . Exelon shares were not yet active in premarket trade , but had gained 0.9 % in 2017 through Friday , while the S & P 500 SPX , -0.08 % has gained 8 % .
Have breaking news sent to your inbox . Subscribe to MarketWatch 's free Bulletin emails . Sign up here .
Rather than showing my students I was attempting to serve both their needs and my own with my classroom rules and expectations , I introduced my classroom management strategies as a series of consequences . I expressed no compassion for my students , and did not address them as trustworthy young adults .
When I entered the ninth-grade English classroom , I had a clear vision of the first-year teacher I wanted to be : a strict , but thoughtful , educator who held students accountable for their behavior in the classroom . While my intentions were not flawed , the execution of this teaching style was poor , and left my students with a different impression of me : apathetic .
As the school year progressed , my interactions with my students changed . I became more comfortable with demonstrating my love and respect for them , and my classroom management strategies became centered on compassion instead of consequences . When my students could see that I cared about their lives and well-being , they were better able to trust me . And that meant I could request more of them , and expect more in return .
All of the pre-service pedagogy and theory I had learned about wrangling a class of twenty-three 14-year-olds for 90 minutes became infinitely more applicable once my students knew I had compassion for them . Here are some things I learned that first year .
Show You Care
I began teaching under the incorrect assumption that my students would somehow naturally know that I cared deeply about their success and livelihood . Many students , especially ones who are prone to behavioral issues , expect the exact opposite from teachers , and it 's important to establish that you 're different from their expectations .
The simplest way to demonstrate to your students you care and have compassion for them is to tell them often and in different ways . Genuine praise for tasks , asking questions about their day , and sharing with them tidbits from your life are excellent ways to show students you care .
Another way to do this is by attending extracurricular events when your students are involved . Making the effort to support your students in a non-classroom environment can be extraordinarily meaningful .
Assume Students ' Lives Are Complicated
When a student acts out , it 's often a reflection of problems in their lives outside of the classroom . It 's key to be compassionate to these students as they learn to face tumultuous issues in their everyday life .
Teachers can show compassion by avoiding classroom management techniques that humiliate students or force them to address their behavior in a public setting . Speak to students in private , and always ask them how things are going .
Behavioral issues in the classroom should cause teachers concern for their students ' well-being , and we should work to understand what 's going on in their lives . Even as adults , when we have disruptive life events it 's challenging to maintain a cheerful attitude at all times .
Each Day Is a Clean Slate
Forgiveness is critical to classroom management through compassion . If a student feels as though they 're constantly reminded of their past errors , they 'll feel as though they are permanently labeled a “ bad kid . ”
When we forgive students for making mistakes , realizing that there are many factors in their lives that lie outside the school , we can make each day a little better than the one before .
And holding grudges against students who have made poor or hurtful decisions is tiring and wastes time . For the sake of your own happiness , it 's crucial to forgive and forget student behavioral issues .
The Difference Between Compassion and Friendship
Demonstrating compassion for your students is not the same as wanting your students to like you . Many new teachers fall into the trap of desiring their students ' approval , especially when teaching older students who are close to the teacher in age , but that can lead to a lack of mutual respect .
To show compassion to students is to take the time and effort to understand their perspective , while continuing to make choices that are best for their learning experience . Showing compassion does not mean you 're a student 's friend—it means you care about their progress and are invested in their future .
By itself , compassion is an important life skill . As a part of classroom management , compassion can enhance the effectiveness of any strategies you would normally put in place . Compassion gives students an opportunity to trust your choices and have faith in the requests you make of them . Classroom management procedures and explicit instruction are important , but students who know you 're invested in them are more inclined to respect you and follow your lead .
This is the first study that has compared the effect of using first- vs. new-generation EC devices on nicotine absorption . An 18 mg/ml nicotine-containing liquid was used , which is a popular “ strength ” consumed by experienced vapers and is close to the maximum level set by the European Commission regulatory proposal . Experienced vapers were recruited , who use the EC devices more intensively compared to novice users7 . The results of the study showed that new-generation devices with high wattage output to the atomizer resulted in higher plasma nicotine levels compared to first-generation devices . However , both devices delivered to the bloodstream far lower nicotine compared to a tobacco cigarette .
ECs are the only nicotine delivery devices that resemble the motion and behavioral patterns of cigarette smoking . Although the psycho-behavioral part of smoking is an important part of the overall addiction to smoking16 , nicotine delivery still plays a major role . Smoking characteristically delivers significant amounts of nicotine to the blood stream at a fast rate17 . This is probably the main reason for making it the most reinforcing and dependence-producing form of nicotine administration17,18 , although recent data suggest that other substances in tobacco cigarette may reinforce the addictive properties of nicotine19 . Studies have shown that the vast majority of EC users continue to use nicotine-containing liquids despite having quit smoking for several months2,10,11 . Therefore , it seems that nicotine is important in ECs ' success as smoking substitutes . In this study a liquid with 18 mg/ml nicotine concentration was chosen , based on previous findings from our group showing that this is approximately the level of nicotine concentration needed for experienced vapers to consume 1 mg of nicotine in 5 minutes ( which is similar to the level of nicotine in the smoke of one cigarette when smoked according to ISO 3308 ) 7 . Despite that , the main findings herein showed that such a liquid is insufficient to deliver nicotine to the blood stream as rapidly as smoking . In fact , it took about 35 minutes of vaping with the new-generation device at high wattage in order to obtain plasma levels similar to smoking one cigarette in 5 minutes . The first-generation device was even less efficient in nicotine delivery ; even 65 minutes of ad lib vaping was insufficient to deliver to the bloodstream nicotine at levels similar to smoking . This was reflected in participants ' answers to questionnaires , showing that satisfaction and craving reduction was higher after using the new- compared with the first-generation device . Moreover , better nicotine delivery may be the reason why new-generation devices are more popular in dedicated users , most of which have quit smoking by using ECs10,11 . Considering that it is reasonable to expect EC users to self-titrate nicotine intake in a way similar to smoking20 , this study indicates that there is an inherent inability of the EC to deliver nicotine to the blood stream at levels similar to tobacco cigarettes within the same time-period of use , although a previous study from our group showed that an 18 mg/ml liquid would theoreticaly be adequate for that in terms of liquid consumption7 . Possible reasons for these findings may be that nicotine delivered to the EC aerosol is not absorbed from the lungs but from the oral mucosa . Therefore , nicotine absorption would be expected to occur at a similar rate to nicotine-replacement therapies ( NRTs ) . Moreover , a significant part of nicotine deposited to the oral mucosa is expected to be swallowed , with subsequent first-pass metabolism to the liver which reduces bio-availability21 . Another possibility is that the vehicle of nicotine delivery ( liquid droplets of propylene glycol and glycerol ) may negatively interact with nicotine absorption from the lungs compared to the particulate matter , which is the delivery-vehicle of nicotine in smoking . More studies are needed to define the reason for this lower rate of absorption from ECs . The new-generation device was more effective in this study because the higher amount of energy delivered to the atomizer results in higher amount of liquid aerosolized per puff , while first-generation devices deliver far lower energy and do not have an internal current stabilizer which maintains constant energy delivery until the battery is discharged . Due to this , it is reasonable to expect that new-generation devices may be more effective as smoking substitutes compared to first-generation devices . Two randomised studies evaluating the efficacy of EC use in smoking cessation have used first-generation devices22,23 . New-generation devices seem more promising because they deliver nicotine more effectively , and this should be evaluated in future studies . In any case , findings from this study indicate that ECs may also have less addictive properties and lower abuse liability , similar to what has been observed with NRTs24 , due to the slow rate of nicotine absorption . This has been specifically observed in a study by Vansickel et al25 . Herein , participants reported lower dependence to ECs compared to smoking , however the retrospective nature of the answers for smoking could have biased the results .
The European Commission has recently released a proposal that the highest permissible levels of nicotine concentration in liquids used for ECs will be 20 mg/ml5 . The decision was based on the level of liquid consumption from 5 minutes of use6,7 , but did not take into consideration that consumption is different from absorption ; the main factors associated with the effects of nicotine are the levels in the bloodstream and the speed of absorption . Results of this study show that such nicotine concentration would be insufficient to deliver nicotine at levels similar to tobacco cigarettes unless ECs are used continuously for a long time . Moreover , the incidence of nicotine overdose or intoxication from EC use can be virtually excluded . Adopting the 20 mg/ml as the highest level of nicotine content in EC liquids might significantly reduce the efficacy of ECs to substitute smoking and will especially affect first-generation devices which are more popular , more attractive to first-time users ( smokers ) due to their resemblance to cigarettes and easier to use compared to new-generation devices . Based on the results of this study , showing very low levels of nicotine absorption from using ECs in a similar way to smoking one tobacco cigarette , it seems that nicotine levels in EC liquids should be close to 50 mg/ml in order to approximate nicotine delivery from smoking . This could also result in reduced daily EC use and liquid consumption , since the amount of nicotine needed by each user could be obtained by reducing the time and intensity of EC use . Clinical studies should be performed assessing the efficacy and speed of nicotine delivery by using higher nicotine-containing liquids . There is a possibility that using higher nicotine-containing liquids may elevate the addictive potential of ECs ; however , considering that there is currently minimal adoption of EC use by non-smokers adults and youngsters11 , it is reasonable to expect that the current proposal will reduce the effectiveness of ECs in substituting smoking while no beneficial effect to other population groups will be observed . Obviously , careful monitoring of use by these population groups is warranted ; however , considering the current situation , a strict regulation banning the sales of ECs to minors would be more appropriate rather than adopting upper limits in nicotine content that would potentially reduce the efficacy of ECs to substitute smoking .
In conclusion , new-generation EC devices delivering higher energy to the atomizer seem to be more effective than first-generation devices in nicotine delivery to the user and in reducing cravings for nicotine . However , both types of devices were significantly less effective in nicotine delivery compared to tobacco cigarettes when an 18 mg/ml nicotine containing liquid is used . It is reasonable to assume that nicotine levels in EC liquids should be considerably higher in order to improve their effectiveness in nicotine delivery , which is expected to make them more successful as smoking substitutes .
Step inside Stu Hart 's Dungeon and learn why it was the mat 's most notorious training ground from former students like Tyson Kidd and Natalya .
It was n't much more than a tiny room in the basement of Stu Hart 's Calgary mansion , but The Dungeon has become , perhaps , the most renowned training ground in all of professional wrestling . As Dungeon graduates began to populate the WWE locker room in the 1980s , the basement 's reputation started to grow — as did the names of the Superstars who reportedly trained there . But who really learned the art of grappling at the torturous hands of Stu Hart ? WWE.com set out to find those answers and called up the one man who would know best — “ The Excellence of Execution ” himself , Bret Hart .
WWE.COM : There are so many myths about who actually trained with your father in The Hart Dungeon . For example , it 's widely reported that Superstars like Lance Storm and Chris Jericho did , but they really trained in The Hart Brothers Camp . We were hoping that you could separate fact from fiction .
BRET HART : I think I can give you the truth [ laughs ] .
Check out these amazing photos from Stu Hart 's life
WWE.COM : Do you remember at what point your father started training people ?
HART : My father was training people right from the start , because he was running out of talent all the time and he needed to create new talent to fill out his [ Stampede Wrestling ] cards . He needed to find somebody who basically wanted to be cannon fodder and travel on the tour .
WWE.COM : How large was Stampede Wrestling 's territory ?
HART : My dad bought the territory from [ Larry ] Tillman in '48 . He had the rights to Calgary , Edmonton , Winnipeg , Seattle , Vancouver , Salt Lake City and lots of other Northwest states that nobody else was running . He was based initially out of Great Falls , Mont. , where he was from , and he 'd drive up to Calgary and Edmonton most days . On one of his trips , he saw the house in Calgary that he bought in '51 .
Who were some of the first competitors your father trained ?
HART : Nikolai Volkoff was one of the first guys who came out of The Dungeon . He was a teenager when he got here . He was just a big , strong , heavy kid . I remember talking to Nikolai many times in the basement and watching my dad stretch him . [ Former AWA World Heavyweight Champion ] Gene Kiniski was also trained by my dad .
WWE.COM : Just so we know where to cut off the list of who trained with your father in The Dungeon , who was his last student ?
HART : Jim Neidhart . My dad was no spring chicken anymore , and I did n't see anyone past Neidhart that he put the time into . He completely trained Jim on his own . Jim was my dad 's product . Jim was third in the world at shot put . He was training to get signed by the [ Oakland ] Raiders and was referred to my dad from somebody at the gym . He called directory assistance , found my dad and asked him to teach him to wrestle . He listed all of his accomplishments and my dad asked him to come up to Calgary .
He was a big , strong kid . He had a bench press close to 600 pounds . He was super-strong and really quick . He left Calgary after my dad taught him and got signed by the Raiders . He came back to train with my dad [ after ] he was injured . Then he was with the Cowboys and got cut . He was the last cut the year the Cowboys won the Super Bowl in '78 .
WWE.COM : Were all of the Hart brothers trained by your dad , or did the older brothers train the younger brothers ?
HART : No . My dad taught Keith , Smith and Bruce when they started , but we had other wrestlers train us . I learned some little things from my dad , some amateur wrestling and submission wrestling , but I was trained in pro wrestling by two Japanese wrestlers [ Tokyo Joe and Kazuo Sakurada ] who worked for my father . Owen was a fan of my dad 's submission style wrestling . Owen had a lot of respect for amateur wrestling . You can say that Owen trained in The Dungeon , but not in the same way .
WWE.COM : Who trained Natalya and Tyson Kidd ?
HART : Nattie , TJ and Harry [ David Hart Smith ] trained in The Dungeon with some of the other young Harts with a guy named Tokyo Joe . He was probably the best legitimate wrestling trainer in the world . He trained them for quite a long time , and on the same mat I trained on . They learned very serious grappling . There were no ropes , just walls around the mat . Tokyo Joe was a top-notch instructor , and Nattie , TJ and Harry were his pride and joy .
WWE.COM : Who are some big-name wrestlers that people may not realize trained with your father ?
HART : Ole Anderson trained for a couple of weeks in the basement . “ Superstar ” Billy Graham was someone that my dad taught from A-to-Z , from tying up to submission wrestling . Billy was more of a showman than a wrestler . My dad used to love tying Billy in knots and Iron Sheik would be watching .
WWE.COM : Did Sheik train up there ?
HART : He was here for quite a while . Verne Gagne got hold of him , but he was just a fan of pro wrestling and did n't really speak English , so Verne sent him to Calgary . He cut his teeth in Calgary first . He was an amateur wrestler from Iran . He had problems with The Shah and fled the country in fear of his life . He tried to get a job as a wrestler , because all he ever knew was amateur wrestling .
I saw Sheik and he said , “ I remember training with you. ” I said I could n't have trained with him , but I did . I was a high school wrestler . I was city champion . Iron Sheik was green as a pro , but my dad asked him to train with me . The Sheik had this little workout . He would do a squat , then a one-legged squat , then the other leg , then somersaults . He would do this routine . So we did it all over my dad 's yard . It was a little training regimen that they did in Iran . I never trained in pro wrestling with The Sheik , but I did amateur wrestling with pro wrestlers in my dad 's basement .
WWE.COM : What about younger wrestlers like Edge and Christian , who are rumored to have been trained in The Dungeon ?
HART : After being signed by WWE , Edge , Christian , Mark Henry , Giant Silva , Test and Ken Shamrock all trained at my house . I had a poolroom with an indoor pool and a garden behind it . I took out the garden and put in a wrestling ring .
WWE.COM : How many years were you training people at your house ?
HART : About a year and a half until I punched Vince in the face [ laughs ] . In fact , Edge and Christian did n't know what was going to happen to them because they were training with me at the time .
WWE.COM : One of the odder rumors is that Gorilla Monsoon was trained by your dad .
HART : That 's true . Monsoon did train with my dad . He started his training up here and then went back to New York . My dad had a great story about Gorilla . He had Gorilla in some kind of submission hold . It took him a long time to get him in the hold , because he was such a tough customer . My dad brought his forearm across his face and busted Gorilla 's nose . Blood was pouring out of nostrils . Blood was everywhere . Gorilla was furious , but my dad would n't let him up . Gorilla said that he was pushed to the limit that day in The Dungeon . Then , for years , he would talk about The Dungeon during my matches . My dad always had a lot of respect for Gorilla .
WWE.COM : Were there other legends that trained with your father ?
HART : Mad Dog Vachon started in Calgary . Fritz Von Erich was close friends with my dad before he had kids . He trained with my dad , worked a handful of places in Canada and went back to Texas . Paul and Jos LeDuc started with my dad . Archie “ The Stomper ” Gouldie started with my dad . He was a football player that wanted to become a wrestler . He was at one of my dad 's shows and he decided to climb the steps , get in the ring and become a pro wrestler right on the spot . My dad grabbed him by the wrist and said , “ Come back with me and talk if you want to be a wrestler. ” Stomper showed up the next day and my dad stretched him so bad that he crawled out of my dad 's basement . My dad had a scale of 1 to 10 of how far he would stretch somebody and he told me that he gave it all to Archie [ laughs ] . The Stomper showed up next day , hat in hand , knocked on the door , apologized for his attitude and asked my dad if he would teach him to be a wrestler .
WWE.COM : Greg “ The Hammer ” Valentine is on the list of wrestlers rumored to have been trained by your father , but would n't he have trained with his father , Johnny Valentine ?
HART : Greg Valentine was here . He was trained a little bit by his father , but he was sent up here when he was very green and had n't wrestled anyone yet . He looked just like his dad and just like he does now . He was about 19 and did really well . He told me that his foot got so infected from the mat that he had to leave the territory and go back to the States . The mats were never changed .
WWE.COM : Billy Jack Haynes is another name on the list , but Portland seems to be a long way from Calgary , and that would be the 1980s .
HART : Billy Jack Haynes trained with my brothers . I think my dad did train with him a little bit . My dad would bring in a lot of guys with a little experience and they 'd get schooled a little bit by my dad , my brothers , me and Dynamite [ Kid ] . We would get them ready for the tour . He became a fulltime wrestler for my dad and got the name Billy Jack Haynes up here .
WWE.COM : Did Steve Blackman train in The Dungeon ?
HART : Yes , but he did n't train with my dad . He was probably trained by my brothers , mostly Owen . He may have gotten on the mat with my dad , because he liked submission wrestling .
WWE.COM : What 's the status of the Hart House and The Dungeon today ?
HART : The house is occupied by three different families . There are three condominiums in the one dwelling . It 's quite an upscale area . It 's cozy , but I have no desire to see it . It 's not the same house that I remember . The Dungeon does n't exist anymore . It 's just a room .
North Korea reportedly drew up a plan to launch missiles into waters near Guam , a U.S. territory home to military installations . ( Lee Jin-man/AP-file )
North Korea appeared Tuesday to back down from a threat to launch missiles toward Guam , easing tensions after a week of Pyongyang and Washington trading threats of war .
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un made the decision not to give the go-ahead for an attack after supposedly viewing plans to send missiles toward the U.S. territory during a visit to a military command post , according to The Wall Street Journal , citing North Korean state media .
The country also reportedly warned that Kim could change his mind `` if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions . ''
The move by North Korea follows repeated rhetorical sparring between Pyongyang and U.S. President Donald Trump , who said North Korea would suffer `` fire and fury '' if it continued to make threats against the U.S. and later warned that the U.S. military was `` locked and loaded '' to respond .
It also came after an announcement from China on Monday that it would follow through on U.N. sanctions it voted to impose on North Korea , and begin cutting off certain imports from the Hermit Kingdom within three weeks .
Beijing traditionally has been reluctant to put pressure on the North Korean regime over fear of governmental collapse and a failed state on its borders , though its participation in the U.N. action signaled it was growing tired of Pyongyang 's bellicose behavior of late . China additionally has signaled it would not come to North Korea 's aid were it to launch an attack drawing U.S. retaliation .
The seeming respite in tensions also comes on the heels of South Korean President Moon Jae-in saying Monday that war on the Korean Peninsula must be avoided at all costs . And in a televised speech on Tuesday , Moon rebuked the U.S. , warning against its taking any unilateral military action against North Korea without consulting Seoul first .
The U.S. , meanwhile , is planning to carry out previously planned military exercises with South Korea , beginning next week . North Korea regularly blasts the drills as a provocative action .
`` It 's only South Korea that can decide on a military action on the Korean Peninsula , '' Moon said . `` No one should be allowed to decide on a military action on the Korean Peninsula without South Korean agreement . ''
Trump 's comments prompted deep concern from many who believed his unorthodox response to North Korean rhetoric could lead to a nuclear conflict with the isolated Asian country . Former Defense Secretary William Perry called Trump 's posture `` a dangerous departure from historical precedent . ''
Others , however , argue North Korea has exaggerated the capabilities of its weapons program . A paper titled `` North Korea 's 'Not Quite ' ICMB Ca n't Hit the Lower 48 States , '' produced by an American and two German rocket experts , claims missiles tested by the North Koreans in July could not have carried a nuclear payload to the continental U.S. , and possibly not to Anchorage , Alaska .
One of the authors , Ted Postol of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , told Newsweek the North Korean missiles amounted to a `` hoax . ''
The perceived nuclear threat , however , sharply elevated fears among the 162,000 people living in Guam , which is home to strategic U.S. military facilities , that they could be subject to an attack .
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon on Monday that the island , which sits in the Pacific roughly 2,100 miles from North Korea , `` is well-protected . ''
He added , however , that war would escalate `` very quickly '' should North Korea fire a missile at the United States .
`` If they shoot at the United States , I 'm assuming they hit the United States . If they do that , then it 's game on , '' the retired Marine four-star general said . `` We will defend the country from any attack at any time from any quarter . Yes , that means for a lot of young troops they 're going to be in a wartime situation . Welcome to reality . ''
`` You do n't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences . ''
An op-ed Mattis wrote roughly two weeks ago with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson about the importance of using diplomacy to lead the U.S. response to North Korea also was published Sunday .
Mattis told reporters the op-ed was `` wise for us to do , '' but that it was not a response to events in recent days .
* Any views expressed in this article are those of the author and not of Thomson Reuters Foundation .
By Stephen Leahy
Healthy soil looks dark , crumbly , and porous , and is home to worms and other organisms . It feels soft , moist , and friable , and allows plant roots to grow unimpeded . Credit : Colette Kessler , USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service
REYKJAVÍK , Iceland , May 31 ( IPS ) - Soil is becoming endangered.This reality needs to be part of our collective awareness in order to feed nine billion people by 2050 , say experts meeting here in Reykjavík .
And a big part of reversing soil decline is carbon , the same element that is overheating the planet.3
`` Keeping and putting carbon in its rightful place '' needs to be the mantra for humanity if we want to continue to eat , drink and combat global warming , concluded 200 researchers from more than 30 countries .
`` There is no life without soil , '' said Anne Glover , chief scientific advisor to the European Commission .
`` While soil is invisible to most people it provides an estimated 1.5 to 13 trillion dollars in ecosystem services annually , '' Glover said at the Soil Carbon Sequestration conference that ended this week .
The dirt beneath our feet is a nearly magical world filled with tiny , wondrous creatures . A mere handful of soil might contain a half million different species including ants , earthworms , fungi , bacteria and other microorganisms . Soil provides nearly all of our food - only one percent of our calories come from the oceans , she said .
Soil also gives life to all of the world 's plants that supply us with much of our oxygen , another important ecosystem service . Soil cleans water , keeps contaminants out of streams and lakes , and prevents flooding . Soil can also absorb huge amounts of carbon , second only to the oceans .
`` It takes half a millennium to build two centimetres of living soil and only seconds to destroy it , '' Glover said .
Each year , 12 million hectares of land , where 20 million tonnes of grain could have been grown , are lost to land degradation . In the past 40 years , 30 percent of the planet 's arable ( food-producing ) land has become unproductive due to erosion . Unless this trend is reversed soon , feeding the world 's growing population will be impossible .
The world will likely need `` 60 percent more food calories in 2050 than in 2006 '' , according to a new paper released May 30 by the World Resources Institute . Reaching this goal while maintaining economic growth and environmental sustainability is one of the most important global challenges of our time , it concludes .
Urban development is a growing factor in loss of arable lands . One million city dwellers occupy 40,000 hectares of land on average , said Rattan Lal of Ohio State University .
Plowing , removal of crop residues after harvest , and overgrazing all leave soil naked and vulnerable to wind and rain , resulting in gradual , often unnoticed erosion of soil . This is like tire wear on your car - unless given the attention and respect it deserves , catastrophe is only a matter of time .
Erosion also puts carbon into the air where it contributes to climate change . But with good agricultural practices like using seed drills instead of plows , planting cover crops and leaving crop residues , soils can go from a carbon source to a carbon solution , he said .
`` Soil can be a safe place where huge amounts of carbon from the atmosphere could be sequestered , '' Lal told IPS .
When a plant grows it takes CO2 out the atmosphere and releases oxygen . The more of a crop - maize , soy or vegetable - that remains after harvest , the more carbon is returned to the soil . This carbon is mainly found in humus - the rich organic material from decay of plant material . Soil needs to contain just 1.5 percent carbon to be healthy and resilient - more capable of withstanding drought and other harsh conditions .
`` Healthy soils equals healthy crops , healthy livestock and healthy people , '' Lal said .
However , most soils suffer from 30 to 60 percent loss in soil carbon . `` Soils are like a bank account . You should only draw out what you put in . Soils are badly overdrawn in most places . ''
Farmers and pastoralists ( ranchers ) could do `` miracles '' in keeping carbon in the soil and helping to pull carbon out of the atmosphere and feed the world if they were properly supported , Lal said .
The world 's 3.4 billion ha of rangeland and pastures has the potential to sequester or absorb up to 10 percent of the annual carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels and cement production , estimates Ólafur Arnalds , a soil scientist at the Agricultural University of Iceland .
Eliminating overgrazing and using other pasture management techniques will reduce the number of animals on the land in the short term but it is better for the long term health of grazing lands . While these practises can help with climate change , there many other good reasons to adopt them , Arnalds told IPS .
That view is echoed by many here since determining exactly how much carbon a farm field or pasture can absorb from the atmosphere is highly variable and difficult to determine .
Proper land management can help with climate change but in no way does it reduce the need to make major reductions in fossil fuel use , said Guðmundur Halldórsson , a research co-ordinator at the Soil Conservation Service of Iceland , co-host of the conference .
And using farmland or pastures as a 'carbon sponges ' will lead to all sorts of problems , Halldórsson told IPS .
`` The real key is adopted practices that enhance soil health to improve food productivity , '' he said .
That approach is much more likely to help in improve local livelihoods , protect water resources , improve biodiversity , reduce erosion and help put carbon back into the ground where it belongs , he said .
`` Iceland overexploited its lands , trying to squeeze more out of the land than it could handle . We call it 'killing the milk cow ' . We can no longer live off the land as we once did . ''
Situated in the North Atlantic , the windy island was once mostly covered by forests , lush meadows and wetlands when the first settlers arrived nearly 1,000 years ago . By the late 1800s , 96 percent of the forest was gone and half the grasslands destroyed by overgrazing . Iceland became one the world 's poorest countries , its people starved and its landscape remains Europe 's largest desert .
Of necessity , Iceland pioneered techniques to halt land degradation and in restoration . And for more than 100 years the Soil Conservation Service has struggled but the gains are small and very slow in coming . Today at least half of the former forests and grasslands are mostly bare and subject to severe erosion by the strong winds .
`` We 're still fighting overgrazing here , '' Halldórsson said .
Iceland relies far less on agriculture now and the harsh lessons of poor land management of the past are irrelevant to the 90 percent of Icelanders who now live in urban areas .
`` The public is n't supporting land restoration . We 've forgotten that land is the foundation of life , '' Halldórsson said .
http : //www.ipsnews.net/
The Octagon , built in 1834 , is a historic octagonal building and attached apartment block complex located at 888 Main Street on Roosevelt Island in New York City . It originally served as the main entrance to the New York City Lunatic Asylum , which opened in 1841 . Designed by Alexander Jackson Davis , the five-story rotunda was made of blue-gray stone that was quarried on the island . The Octagon is the last remnant of the hospital , and after many years of decay and two fires , was close to ruin . After restoration , it has now been incorporated into the adjacent buildings to create a large apartment complex .
History [ edit ]
Mistreatment of patients at the asylum was the center of the exposé by Nellie Bly in her 1887 book Ten Days in a Mad-House .
The Octagon was made part of the Metropolitan Hospital in 1894 . The Octagon , as a Metropolitan Hospital building , closed in 1955 , leaving the building abandoned . [ 2 ] On March 16 , 1972 , despite its condition , it was added to the National Register of Historic Places . [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
After many years of decay , as well as two fires that nearly destroyed the building , the Octagon was renovated and turned into a residential building . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] In April 2006 , the renovated Octagon reopened as the lobby entrance to a pair of adjacent apartment buildings with 500 units in total .
Sustainability [ edit ]
The new apartment complex utilizes both solar panels and fuel cell installations . A 50 kW array of solar panels and a 400 kW fuel cell enable the building to generate more than 50 % of its power . [ 6 ] The fuel cell is a combined heat and power system that converts natural gas to electricity and heat via a combustion-free , electrochemical process . This system provides power and heat that meets the majority of the building 's energy demand , and the efficiency it achieves is higher than the energy received from the power grid . Not only does the system provide more efficient energy usage , the heat from the process is also used for the building 's space heating and domestic water requirements . Thus the Octagon is projected to reduce its carbon emissions by 790 metric tons annually . [ 7 ]
The Octagon received the largest initial award of New York State Green Building Tax Credits and was recognized in the first New York City Green Buildings Competition with the `` Green Apple Award '' for leadership in applying sustainable design principles to residential development . In 2006 , a newly constructed residential building was built on the site , modeled on the original structure . It received LEED Silver status from the U.S. Green Building Council in 2008 . [ 8 ]
The main building in 1893
Rotunda as it appeared in 1970
Original interior stairway , second floor
As depicted in Ten Days in a Mad-House
Appearance in 2017
See also [ edit ]
The deal allows migrants who arrived on the island before April 5 to have short-term residence permits [ Reuters ]
Tunisian migrants being held in a compound on the Italian island of Lampedusa have rioted after a controversial deal struck between Rome and Tunis last week paved the way for their deportation .
Some of the migrants shouted `` Freedom ! Freedom ! '' at the centre where hundreds are being held . Other migrants started a small fire on Monday which was quickly put out by the fire brigade , local media reported , and dozens fled the enclosure .
Several of the escapees later returned to the immigrant detention centre .
Under the deal , Italy agreed to grant six-month residence permits to migrants who arrived before April 5 , while Tunisia agreed to the deportation of anyone arriving after that date .
Lampedusa measures just 20sq km and is closer to North Africa than to mainland Italy . More than 25,000 migrants have arrived in fishing boats from North Africa since the start of the year and most have been moved to detention centres on the Italian mainland .
Two planes carrying dozens of migrants flew out of Lampedusa to Tunisia 's capital , Tunis , during the day despite protests by the deportees that delayed the second flight .
A first planeload of deportees left Italy for Tunisia on Sunday with around 30 migrants on board escorted by around 60 police officers .
Meanwhile , two boats carrying 226 migrants arrived on the island on Monday , bringing to around 1,500 the number of boat people currently on Lampedusa .
Around 1,000 of the migrants on Lampedusa are believed to be Tunisians ; the others are refugees from sub-Saharan Africa who have been fleeing Libya .
Italy has accused the European Union and France , Tunisia 's former colonial master , of failing to help it deal with the wave of immigration . The issue topped the agenda of a heated meeting of interior ministers in Luxembourg .
Roberto Maroni , the Italian foreign minister , said : `` A document has been approved , with my abstention , that does n't give us a concrete measure . We expressed solidarity when we had the economic crisis facing Greece , Portugal and Ireland
`` But when faced with this social , geo-political crisis , the response from governments is : 'dear Italy , you must do everything and do it by yourself ' . We have done everything we can and will continue to do so . ''
His German counterpart , Hans-Peter Friedrich , said it was up to Italy to deal with the wave of migrants and find a solution with Tunisian authorities to stop people from reaching Europe 's shores .
`` We can not accept numerous economic migrants arriving in Europe through Italy , '' Friedrich said . `` This is why we expect Italy to respect the existing legal rules and uphold its duty in discussions with the Tunisians . ''
Silvio Berlusconi , Italy 's prime minister , said on Sunday that 80 per cent of the more than 21,000 Tunisian migrants who have arrived since the start of the year wanted to join friends and relatives in France .
The chorus is getting louder . Spread the word .
Soros in an interview with FT :
The big profits made by some of Wall Street 's leading banks are ‘ hidden gifts ' from the state , and taxpayer resentment of such companies is ‘ justified ' , George Soros , the fund manager , said in an interview with the Financial Times .
‘ Those earnings are not the achievement of risk-takers , ' Mr Soros said . ‘ These are gifts , hidden gifts , from the government , so I do n't think that those monies should be used to pay bonuses . There 's a resentment which I think is justified . '
That would push the risk-takers who are good at taking risks out of Goldman Sachs into hedge funds , where they actually belong , because hedge funds take risks with their own capital , not with deposits and not with government guarantees .
A homeless man was busted in connection with an attempted rape after cops spotted him urinating on a car in Chinatown — and recognized him from having seen him drunk and clad in a distinctive Batman jacket the week before .
Rubicel Sanchez was relieving himself against a vehicle on East Broadway near Market Street at around 9:15 p.m. when Officers Daniel Roth and Frank Faber spotted him .
Twenty hours earlier , at around 1 a.m. , Sanchez wore a Batman jacket when he tried to rape a 62-year-old woman in the rear lobby of her apartment building , police said .
Sanchez had been wearing the same jacket a week earlier , when Roth and Faber tried to coax him into an ambulance after finding him drunk near Madison and Market streets , but Sanchez slipped away .
So when the officers later saw surveillance-camera images of the attempted rape , with the attacker wearing a Batman jacket , they knew who to look for .
When they found him Friday night , Faber and Roth moved in and cuffed him .
By the time Faber and Roth found him , Sanchez had ditched the Batman jacket . He was charged with attempted rape , burglary and sex abuse .
Police sources say Sanchez was picked out of a lineup in the attempted rape .
