Remember “ Jurassic Park III ” ? The one Steven Spielberg did n't direct ? The film 's producers contacted the Pentagon to see if they could get some A-10s for scenes in which the actors would have to battle out-of-control Pteranodon . The A-10 , the military aircraft known as the Thunderbolt , or as the Air Force affectionately calls it , the Warthog , is “ designed to fire armor-piercing depleted uranium and high explosive incendiary rounds. ” “ I read the script . I called him back [ and said ] , ‘ They 're tank killers . A flying dinosaur is no match for an A-10 . It would only cause the audience to feel pity for the dinosaur , ' ” Phil Strub , the Pentagon 's entertainment-liaison officer , said in an interview . “ But tell me this : You 've got this major running around the world with the authority that the president can only dream about , so if you do n't care , would you change his character , make him like the president 's science adviser or something like that ? Just get him out of the uniform. ” The filmmakers agreed , Strub said . “ And I said , ‘ … at the end you want to have a nice military rescue ? ' They called back and said yes . So at the end , you see these Marines come and belatedly rescue the scientist and his family . You do n't know where the hell the Marines came from , but there they are. ” The U.S. military offices usually ask to see the entire script , not just the parts that relate to military involvement and , based on the entire script and the portrayal of the troops , will move it forward in the approval process . If based on a historical event , it also needs to pass muster with the Pentagon 's historians .
Phil Strub , entertainment liaison officer at the Pentagon , points at past collaborations between the U.S. military and Hollywood . Jamie Tarabay Phil Strub has been the Pentagon 's liaison officer for Hollywood for more than 25 years . His name has appeared in the “ producers wish to thank ” list in more than 50 films , including “ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , ” “ Lone Survivor , ” “ Ironman ” and some that might surprise you : “ The Perfect Storm ” and “ The Day the Earth Stood Still , ” as well as the TV shows “ Bones ” and “ 24. ” Movie posters and black-and-white photographs of past Hollywood-U.S. military collaborations hang on the walls of his windowless office at the Pentagon : John Wayne looking grim on the set of “ The Green Berets , ” people fleeing as a plane appears overhead in “ From Here to Eternity , ” and an ad for “ The Devil 's Brigade , ” starring William Holden . The corridor outside his office , which rings around the building , is a showcase for newer productions including “ Lone Survivor , ” “ The Last Ship ” and “ Godzilla . ”
Slideshow : Hollywood and the Pentagon
While Strub is the point man for Hollywood in the Pentagon , usually the scripts come to his colleagues on the other side of the country , in Los Angeles . They work in a nondescript office block along downtown Wilshire Boulevard , in departments belonging to the different service branches of the U.S. military — Army , Navy , Air Force , Coast Guard and Marines . They serve tours of duty for several years , just like their fellow troops , but their task is singularly different : to study film and television scripts producers have sent them in the hope the Department of Defense will help them with their project . The U.S. military has had a presence in Hollywood since the early 1900s . “ It 's not like they 're some surreptitious , hidden , secret-propaganda arm , ” said Todd Breasseale , a retired Army liaison officer who did a tour in the L.A. office . “ The Army 's been there since Hollywood was first built from the Los Angeles canyons and desert. ” The Pentagon liaison officers in Los Angeles primarily provide expertise for films , but they also lend their expertise to television shows , documentaries , and video games . But all their support is conditional . Capt . Russell Coons , director of the Navy Office of Information West , said that his office turns down 95 percent of what comes in . “ Because in most cases it does n't represent our core values , ” Coons said . “ We 're not going to support a program that disgraces a uniform or presents us in a compromising way. ” Generally , the Navy , like the other service branches , will only endorse scripts or productions that showcase U.S. military values that the Pentagon wants to promote : honor , courage and commitment . “ Top Gun , ” for example , the 1986 film about a cocky young pilot made good , starring Tom Cruise , used Navy crewmen as its pilot and aircrew onboard at least two aircraft carriers , one in San Diego and one in the Pacific Ocean . Ironically , the Air Force received a massive boost in recruitment , even though it had nothing to do with the film . “ The public does n't always discern the difference on the outside between the Navy and the Air Force , ” Coons explained . “ But it was also the single biggest boost to the Navy fighters ever. ” “ What 's interesting about ‘ Top Gun ' is it 's a typical 1930s movie : boy chases girl , gets a few flight scenes . You had all the ingredients of the typical Hollywood movie , ” said Lawrence Suid , the author of “ Guts and Glory : The Making of the American Military Image in Film , ” who has been writing about the military and Hollywood since 1975 . “ In the end everyone is happy . The last shot is of people on the aircraft carrier , and everyone is cheering. ” Suid coined the phrase “ mutual exploitation ” when he first stumbled onto the U.S. military-Hollywood connection . “ I was teaching the history of the Vietnam War , and I could n't explain how we got into Vietnam . I could give the facts , the dates , but I could n't explain why , ” he recalled . “ And when I was getting my film degrees it suddenly occurred to me that people in the U.S. had never seen the U.S. lose a war , and when [ President ] Johnson said we can go into Vietnam and win , they believed him because they 'd seen 50 years of war movies that were positive. ” Each side , Suid said , benefits from this arrangement . The U.S. military gets incredible publicity and recruitment advantages , and the film industry gets equipment , locations and authenticity . “ The relationship goes back as far as 1910 , 1911 , ” Suid explained . Back then it focused on things like the filming of an air show or movies about World War I . The connection was really cemented with the 1927 film “ Wings. ” The movie featured over 3,000 infantrymen as extras , plus military pilots and planes from the U.S. Air Force , and it starred Clara Bow , the original “ it ” girl , as the love interest two men fight over , enlisting in an effort to become combat pilots to win her affection . It won the first Oscar for Best Picture . “ It was a huge critical success and a financial success , ” Strub said . “ The reason for that is the unparalleled authenticity the filmmakers were able to achieve by virtue of the fact that the Army Air Corps gave them a lot of access. ” After World War II , the collaborations continued , and the Pentagon specifically requested Hollywood to make a film , Suid said , about Wernher von Braun , a Nazi rocket engineer who helped develop Nazi Germany 's rocket program . He was later arrested by the Gestapo and eventually surrendered to the Americans and was brought to the U.S. , where he worked on military rocket programs . “ At one point the Army asked the film industry to make a movie about him showing him as an American hero , ” Suid said . The film was called “ I Aim at the Stars , ” and it was released in 1960 .
Some of them do n't even come to us . Some of them think that by calling the Pentagon they will have sold out . Phil Strub Entertainment-liaison officer at the Pentagon
Not all involvement is so detailed or on such a grand scale , and there are varying degrees of influence today . Some of the current projects the military is working on for the smaller screen , for example the television series “ NCIS ” and “ Hawaii Five-O , ” are episode-by-episode consultations , said the Navy 's Coons . On the CBS hit show “ NCIS ” ( Naval Criminal Investigative Service ) : “ If you watch the episodes , it 's always a dead Marine or a dead sailor and reverse autopsy to see if they were the victim or the perpetrator , ” Coons said . “ In many cases you 'll see we hold ourselves accountable when the investigation reveals we 've done something wrong , and we take that person through the proper steps to punish them or make them whole if they were the victim , and it 's demonstrated for the public to see. ” In one instance , Strub said , the secretary of the Navy visited the “ NCIS ” set ( Secretary Ray Mabus even appeared on one episode in 2009 ) and suggested the show 's producers dedicate an episode to the Navy 's efforts to combat sexual assault with a promo card at the end of the show , which they did . “ They did a good job , ” Strub recalled . “ They have made many changes . I remember one time there was a scene where this Marine believes he ran away from combat , leaving his shipmates . He was wrong . He 's suffering from post-traumatic stress , and there 's a scene where the doctor meets with him and the doctor was very cavalier , and I complained about that. ” The version that aired , Strub said , had the doctor taking an interest in the Marine , handing the Marine his card and urging him to call . “ They went even above and beyond what we asked for , ” Strub said . Not all consultations turn into collaborations . “ Crimson Tide , ” a thriller about a mutinous executive officer ( Denzel Washington ) and a trigger-happy captain with a nuclear bomb ( Gene Hackman ) had “ two fundamental showstoppers , ” Strub said : the mutiny , and the compromise of nuclear weapons . “ If there was a compromise of communication we 'd just assign comms to another submarine , ” he said , adding that real submariners found the film laughable . Vietnam War movies like “ Platoon ” were “ dead on arrival , ” Strub said , as was “ Apocalypse Now ” and “ The Thin Red Line. ” As were “ Three Kings , ” with George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg , which did not get any assistance from the Pentagon ; nor did “ Stop-Loss ” or “ In the Valley of Elah. ” “ Some of them do n't even come to us , ” Strub said . “ Some of them think that by calling the Pentagon they will have sold out. ” “ The Hurt Locker , ” Kathryn Bigelow 's Academy Award-winning film , was roundly decried by the military and war correspondents for being wildly unrealistic . The filmmakers were initially in consultation with the U.S. military on aspects of the movie , but ultimately the collaboration fell apart because of differences over the script . “ We were never contacted for ‘ World War Z , ' ” Coons said , referring to Brad Pitt 's zombie apocalypse movie , “ and I can tell you the portrayal of the captain kicking the family off the ship to the zombies — that would never happen. ” Even with new computer-generated imagery technology ( CGI ) , the U.S. military and its service branches are still in high demand , said Strub . “ We 're certainly no less busy than we were [ before CGI ] , and it seems to me it 's not just a matter of cost . There 's something intangible they get from being surrounded by real military men and women and equipment and installations. ” The involvement can be on a massive scale , as with a blockbuster like “ Captain Phillips , ” or only a few seconds of a commercial . “ They can be everything from 10 seconds of a shot of the steel that 's in the USS New York in response to a question on “ Jeopardy ! ” all the way to a two-hour documentary on piracy , ” Coons said . One call he and the five others in his office have come to expect every year , however , relates to film projects tailored around Shark Week on television . “ Every time Shark Week comes out on Discovery Channel we get documentary people wanting to do something on the Indianapolis , ” he said , referring to the USS Indianapolis , which was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine in 1945 , sinking in 12 minutes , leaving its 900 survivors to face dehydration , exposure and shark attacks .
We fly our own equipment . We do n't even let stuntmen fast-rope out of helicopters . Phil Strub Entertainment-liaison officer at the Pentagon
Let 's face it . Smartphone battery life tends to suck a bit . Depending on what kind of phone you have you it may suck a bit more or a bit less , but it 's never exactly great .
Daily charging is the reality that most of us have to contend with , and while there are all kinds of hugely promising battery innovations on the horizon involving things like hydrogen , aluminium , and solar power sources , most of them wo n't help users with devices running on current-generation lithium-ion batteries . Short of following our tips on how to make the most of your battery life , is there anything you can you do to squeeze a little extra juice out of your smartphone ? Yes .
Researchers at Purdue University in the US have developed a new tool for Android users that cuts down on battery drain by suppressing apps running in the background .
In conjunction with Intel and Indiana-based battery startup Mobile Enerlytics , the researchers studied the use of 2,000 Samsung Galaxy S3 and S4 smartphones across 191 mobile carriers in 61 countries .
“ This was the first large-scale study of smartphone energy drain ‘ in the wild , ' or in everyday use by consumers , ” said Y. Charlie Hu , a professor of electrical and computer engineering , in a press release .
The team found that 45.9 percent of daily battery drain occurs when our smartphone screens are off . More than half of this – 28.9 percent of battery drain – is due to apps that frequently wake up and run in the background of your device .
While a lot of these apps are important to the operation of your phone and ensuring its communications systems are running , not all of them are . According to the researchers , a fair chunk of battery drain is actually caused by bugs and inefficiencies due to insomniac-style apps that wake up and simply ca n't go back to sleep when it 's their rightful bedtime .
“ During screen-off , the phone hardware should enter the sleep state , draining close to zero power , ” Hu said . “ Apps wake the phone up periodically during screen-off to do useful things , but then afterward , they should let the phone go back to sleep . They are not letting the phone go back to sleep because of software bugs and , specifically , due to the incorrect use of Android power control application programming interfaces called wakelocks . ”
In a paper presented at the Association for Computing Machinery MobiCom 2015 conference in Paris this month , the researchers detailed their code-based solution to the problem , called HUSH . It works by identifying which apps are important for the specific user , depending on their regular activity , and suppresses the operation of deemed unimportant apps . According to the researchers , the HUSH system can reduce overall battery drain by as much as 15.7 percent .
Best of all , the researchers have made HUSH available for free on GitHub . It has n't been packaged in app form yet , which means you 'll need to know how to compile the code yourself in order to use it . Luckily , they plan on doing just this soon , so it wo n't be long before all Android users can eke out a little bit of extra battery life with their smartphones . Every little bit helps , right ?
I was always laughing in church . There 's nothing that makes me laugh more than being in the situation where you 're not supposed to laugh . Funerals . People crying . Breaking down . Telling you their life . I 'm the worst . I 'm the worst at that .
What are you reading about ? Are you reading this ?
Somebody gave this to me , so I 'm trying to memorize all the streets of London and I 'm doing quite well if you want to quiz me later .
So you can be a cab driver .
I 'm ready . I 'm ready to take the exam .
Where have you never been that you 'd like to go ?
I 've never been to Stonehenge . There are moles beneath Stonehenge , the most elaborate system of mole catacombs is beneath Stonehenge . There are more moles beneath Stonehenge than there are anywhere in the world and the community , they reward moles that have the courage to tunnel beneath great rivers . It takes an understanding of physics and engineering , that type of thing . Because if you make a false move , you bring the river in on you , you wipe out the whole world . They have executions for moles that have made the wrong turn .
New York forces you to be in an endless surreal situation where the $ 50,000 Mercedes , gun-metal Mercedes , pulls up into the puddle of blood and out steps the 25-karat , blonde transvestite with a $ 2 wristwatch . It 's always setting you off balance . A night club in a church .
People smoking reefer under a stain glass window . I think it 's good . It fractures you a little bit , or that I think it 's stimulating for artists because if you 're visually susceptible to images as optically it 's constantly bombarding you with a lot of information if you can take it without becoming part of it .
I think you just write , and you do n't try to make sense of it . You just put it down the way you got it . You do n't try to organize it or give meaning to it . I think the best thing to do is just take pictures of it . It 's like you go in there with a safari rifle and a telephoto lens , and just wait in the bushes .
When I first got into show business , my step-father bought me a wild shirt which was… said more about what he thought show business was than what I thought it was . It was this lime-green shirt with like seven different kinds of fabrics and textures on it with wooden buttons . It looked like a Hawaiian nightmare . He gave it to me , very serious when he gave it to me , and it was like he was giving me a sword : “ to go out into the world of show business and kill some dragons , pal , and bring us back the skins. ” I looked at that shirt , and I was like , “ God damn . ”
Do you think you 've made the big time , or is that just a hint of irony there ?
Yeah , I think quite a bit of irony . I do n't know what the big time is , really , except that it 's probably some terrible place that you ca n't get out of , or that you fall from and break all your bones , or try to go further and burn up . So I do n't know . It 's just one of those expressions that 's been around for so long . It 's curious , so I do n't know . It 's a riddle . Big time .
I met a guy one night who came up to me with his hand out , I said , “ oh , no , no. ” He said , “ yeah , yeah , listen , man , it 's not what you think . I do n't want any money . I just want to be your friend. ” He said , “ my name is Charlie . What 's your name ? How are you doing ? ” He said , “ that 's all I wanted , see. ” He went all the way around the block , came all the way back , and then when he came around the corner , he saw me , he said , “ hey , Tom , it 's your old buddy Charlie . Could you loan me a couple of bucks ? ” I got a kick out of that .
Kelly Thompson and Leonardo Romero are the new creative team on the new Hawkeye series , coming from Marvel Comics as part of the Marvel NOW relaunch , and giving the Kate Bishop character the lead .
Kate Bishop , who first appeared in Young Avengers # 1 and took the Hawkeye name in Young Avengers # 12 , gained a lot of popularity – and took the occasional lead – in the Fraction/Aja/Wu award-winning Hawkeye run . The character has also recently been sharing the lead in All-New Hawkeye .
Now it looks like the book is her own .
Kelly is best known for her work on Jem & The Holograms , but also for Marvel writing A-Force , Carol Corps as well as her own comic Heart In A Box .
See more coverage through the day with this link .
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Amazon is fighting its battle for world domination on a number of fronts and , with the possible exception of drone delivery , its NFL streaming initiative has drawn the most attention . The digital behemoth 's $ 50mln foray into pro football consists merely of simulcasting 11 “ Thursday Night Football ” games , but it undoubtedly has grander ambitions in sports and entertainment .
“ In many ways , this is still Amazon in the minor leagues , ” said BTIG Research analyst Rich Greenfield . “ This is just the beginning . ”
After two games , reception to Amazon 's efforts has been almost entirely positive . After a few early hiccups , the streaming technology has proven to be reliable . Viewership numbers have n't been eyepopping , with Weeks 4 and 5 producing average audiences of 372K and 391K , respectively . In context , however , the audiences are topping Twitter 's comparable streams last season despite the fact that Amazon 's streams are only available to Prime members .
“ They 've done a great job of marketing , not only to your core prime base , but also to just the general world , ” said Octagon svp Daniel Cohen , who heads up the sports marketing giant 's newly formed media rights consultancy . “ They 've done a terrific job with the streaming technology piece ; there were really no issues this past week , Week 5 . And the overall audience numbers are pretty impressive . ”
Greenfield also praised Amazon 's marketing of the product , pointing to shipping boxes designed to look like NFL footballs as an example of something only Amazon can do as a media partner . Both experts pointed to Amazon 's global reach as a selling point to the NFL . Both games so far have drawn viewers in more than 180 countries .
“ We can reach people all over the world in different languages , we can give you data on who 's watching and who their favorite teams are , ” Greenfield said . “ Amazon creates a full-circle relationship for the NFL that 's very important . ”
The value proposition of sports rights for Amazon is vastly different than that of a traditional media rights partner . Amazon svp , business development Jeff Blackburn said at Vanity Fair 's New Establish Summit last week that the NFL streams are already driving new Prime subscriptions . In addition , the online retailer can also sell products to viewers during games based on the teams playing , as well as their individual buying history .
Amazon 's role as a simulcaster provides an opportunity to prove to the NFL that it can provide a quality streaming experience for fans . With the NFL in the habit of awarding “ Thursday Night Football ” broadcast rights on a year-to-year basis ( currently CBS and NBC split most of the package , with games simulcast on NFL Network and Amazon ) , Greenfield said it makes sense for the NFL to experiment by giving Amazon exclusive “ TNF ” rights in the near future as a trial for more valuable rights coming up for bid next decade . That 's assuming things continue to go well this season , of course .
“ If I was the NFL , I would want to know whether Amazon was up to the task of being the broadcaster of record rather than just as simulcaster well before we get to the big packages of next decade , ” Greenfield said . “ You do n't want to wait until 2021 to see if Amazon can do this or not . ”
Cohen , however , pointed out that despite all the talk of digital players emerging as legitimate bidders , they still lack the reach of linear TV and have n't shown a willingness to spend as much . Chalk the latter up to the fact that broadcasters and cable nets simply ca n't afford to lose premium content .
“ From a rightsholder 's perspective , it 's still very early in the game to hand over exclusivity to any of these digital platforms , ” he said . “ The reach is n't there yet and the dollars are n't there yet . ”
RubyGems have been exceptionally successful as a way for Ruby developers to share code . We generally think that sharing code is a good thing . Certainly , the Rails community can write projects exceptionally quickly ; thanks , in part to RubyGems .
My beef has been that RubyGems does n't play nice with operating systems . We have standards for where things should live in any operating system . In the world I inhabit most ( Unix systems ) , there 's a well defined place for everything . This is more than just being tidy . It helps keep things consistent and stable : when you install new software , dependencies can be easily found , for example .
Gems do n't really work like that . You can have many gem installations on your system , and they can all provide code to an application . It 's for this reason that the Debian team took the RubyGems code , modified it , and put it in a Debian package . This helped bridge the worlds of Debian packages ( a packaging system that does dependency resolution to work out which packages you need in order to run the packages you want ) and RubyGems ( which mostly does the same thing ) .
Unfortunately this often lags behind the rapid development of RubyGems , so we 're forced to do things like install the newer version by hand over the top of the Debian version . This gets the job done , in doing so breaks the packaging system , which is a key reason that people use Debian or Ubuntu . Think it 's just me complaining about this ? Some other people who know a lot about operating systems are n't happy either :
At least for Debian or Ubuntu users , there 's one solution : DebGem . DebGem ( from the guys who brought you Phusion Passenger and Ruby Enterprise Edition ) bundles RubyGems inside Debian packages . If each package has its dependencies declared right , you 'll be able to install any gem and it 's native dependencies , in one go .
I hope it works .
The issue here is that it takes lots of time to maintain packages . Especially when you 're trying to track the packages that come from an extremely prolific community that knows how to use distributed version control systems ( git is now the VCS du jour for Rubyists ) . Let 's hope that Phusion can charge enough to make it worth their while to continue ; once you 're hooked on this , it would be hard to stop .
Not sure that this really solves the problem . The core issue here is that the developers are elegantly solving the problem of how to reuse code as developers . Systems administrators are trying to make systems that are stable and easy to maintain . The two might never meet .
Final thoughts : they might do well pursuing a freelance model to get gems packaged . Also , a commercial distribution might buy it to gain market share . My fee for this idea is a snip at 10 % .
( image from Ed Yourdon )
Hillary Rodham Clinton speaks at the Watermark Silicon Valley Conference for Women in February . ( Justin Sullivan/Getty Images )
Hillary Rodham Clinton has hired a longtime Google executive to oversee her likely presidential campaign 's technology development and build new ways for Clinton to engage with voters , according to Democrats with knowledge of the move .
Stephanie Hannon , who is Google 's director of product management for civic innovation and social impact , will become the chief technology officer of the expected Clinton campaign , according to the Democrats , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the appointment .
At Clinton 's New York campaign headquarters , Hannon will serve on the senior staff and oversee a team of engineers and developers , which could include outside consultants , to devise Web sites , apps and other tools for the former secretary of state and her staff to engage with supporters and voters .
Their first challenge is to have the technological infrastructure in place for Clinton 's pending campaign launch , expected in coming days , to immediately connect with her supporters , capture information about them and raise money from them .
The Clinton team does not plan to debut what one Democrat called `` a glitzy , shiny suite of apps '' on the campaign 's first day but will build innovative tools over time under Hannon 's leadership .
Hannon , who has worked in Silicon Valley for two decades , would be the first woman to hold the title of chief technology officer on a major presidential campaign . She will work closely with Katie Dowd , a longtime Clinton aide who will serve as the campaign 's digital director , and Teddy Goff , an outside consultant who help lead digital strategy and was the 2012 Obama campaign 's digital director .
At Google , Hannon recently has focused on building technological tools to help communities respond to natural disasters and sharing information about elections , including ballot locations and candidates . She previously helped develop the popular Google Maps app and oversaw its global expansion , incorporating geo-coding in dozens of countries and creating the transit tool that allows users to plan itineraries on public buses and trains .
Hannon does not appear to have political campaign experience but has worked at a number of Silicon Valley companies , including Facebook , Cisco and Intel , according to her LinkedIn profile . She earned a bachelor 's degree in computer systems engineering and a master 's degree in electrical engineering at Stanford University as well as a master of business administration degree at Harvard Business School .
I think the two easiest ways to make something funny are to show someone getting hurt and to exaggerate the hell out of it . So naturally having both makes it twice as easy .
I thought Rin seemed pretty proud when she mentioned kicking Emi for trying to hug her , and I had this picture in mind ever since . I was going to do something different with the lines so I did the ones there first as a safety net , and tried out some different brushes . They all turned out shitty , so I just went with my default . At least I know a few more things that do n't work for future reference . Also I was kind of sick of orange and yellow from the last picture , so I was going to have this picture set at noon , but I was tired of always drawing the exact same sky in my backgrounds , so I tried changing it up a bit . Gave me a chance to practice a different light source too , which was nice .
I 'm going to do a little experiment with my next picture , just to see who actually reads these descriptions . Not that I 'm mad at the people who do n't ( or do ) , I 'm just curious and it 's a little frustrating how I can never predict it . So , keep this blurb in mind in the future .
Right-wing media are attacking President Obama over the cost of his upcoming diplomatic trip to Africa , ignoring or dismissing the fact that the security measures that have driven the trip 's budget are in line with those used by previous presidents on similar trips .
On June 13 , The Washington Post reported on an internal document that detailed some of the security precautions being taken during President Obama 's scheduled trip to Africa later this month , which will include the first lady , and will seek to forge stronger economic ties with African nations and address global health problems . According to the document , hundreds of Secret Service agents will be dispatched where the president and his family will be , a naval ship will be standing by for medical emergencies , and fighter aircraft will fly in 24-hours security shifts . The document `` does not specify costs '' for the trip , but the Post cited speculation from a source familiar with the trip that it `` could cost the federal government $ 60 million to $ 100 million based on the costs of similar African trips in recent years . ''
The Post also stated that `` the preparations appear to be in line with similar travels in the past '' and quoted Ben Rhodes , an Obama adviser on national security , who said that the security requirements `` are Secret Service-driven . '' The story also mentioned that a safari was being considered during the trip but was canceled , and that previous presidents had made similar trips , with President Bush bringing his daughters along on one that included a safari :
Former presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush also made trips to multiple African nations involving similarly laborious preparations . Bush went in 2003 and 2008 , bringing his wife on both occasions . Bush 's two daughters went along on the first trip , which included a safari at a game preserve on the Botswana-South Africa border .
But in their eagerness to criticize President Obama over the cost of the trip , right-wing media ignored or dismissed these facts . The Drudge Report only highlighted the speculation that the trip could cost $ 100 million and that the safari was canceled . A blog post from The Weekly Standard drew attention to the canceled safari without mentioning the African safari that Bush and his family went on .
Mark Levin , on the other hand , decided that these precedents were irrelevant when he attacked Obama on his radio show . Levin said that he 'd `` never seen a presidential family take so many trips '' and that Obama `` does n't deny himself or his family a damn thing . '' Levin stated that Obama is `` on welfare , presidential welfare '' and that `` Obama believes that this is his time to live like a king '' and that `` his wife is the imperial first lady . '' He concluded by dismissing the fact that previous presidents have made similar trips by claiming `` this president 's propaganda is different from other presidents , this president 's Marxist class warfare is different than other presidents . ''
Fox Nation highlighted Levin 's attack on Obama with the headline , `` Levin slams Obama 's $ 100 million Africa trip : He lives like a billionaire off you and me ! ''
‘ Steve Bannon looks like if asbestos were a person '
Steve Bannon , says Time ‘ s latest cover , is America 's “ Great Manipulator. ” Trump 's Chief Strategist and former Breitbart Exec is currently terrifying the political elite , not just because of his involvement in drafting executive orders , but because according to a lot of the internet , he looks like he was arrested for drunk-driving a houseboat .
Steve Bannon , they say , also looks like he just finished off his second bottle of Listerine , or Michael Shannon if Michael Shannon did Super Size Me but only eating cigarettes .
# SteveBannonLooksLike is currently doing the rounds on Twitter – here 's the best of it so far .
Steve Bannon 's skin looks like a photo negative of salami . — Akilah Hughes ( @ AkilahObviously ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon always looks like he 's just been arrested for drunk-driving a houseboat . pic.twitter.com/CIRR9YKy1z — Jess Dweck ( @ TheDweck ) January 31 , 2017
steve bannon looks like if michael shannon did a super-size-me where he only ate cigarettes . pic.twitter.com/e716CwAvXo — josh androsky ? ( @ ShutUpAndrosky ) January 31 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like his mother nursed him with Jack Daniel 's . — ( ( ( Baba Adeptus ) ) ) ( @ adept2u ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like if asbestos was a person . — I ❤️U Habibi ( @ ericdadourian ) January 27 , 2017
I like Steve Bannon , he always looks like he just rolled out of bed with his clothes on after a heavy night of drinking . pic.twitter.com/BrWOM16YOT — EYEgore ( @ DethRay ) February 3 , 2017
# stevebannonlookslike how a beer you were ashing in tastes . — Jack Thompson ( @ thompsonize ) February 1 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like a guy who stayed up watching porn until 6:45am and his alarm went off at 7 . — John Fugelsang ( @ JohnFugelsang ) January 31 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like the moment in a Croneberg movie immediately before the actor gets replaced by a stop-motion model of exploding sores — Joe ( @ Karatloz ) January 30 , 2017
# SteveBannonLooksLike
guy that ate two complete breakfast , now says did n't like it , wants to speak to manager . pic.twitter.com/UtammH2UrB — Mia Marie Macy ( @ MiaMarieMacy ) January 29 , 2017
# SteveBannonLooksLike what a hangover feels like . — Dan Lynn ( @ Imnotdanlynn ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like a chess prodigy who hit the sauce for 30 years and now plays against people in the park for dimes . pic.twitter.com/TX6M6O2Zkl — Wu Ming ( @ twlldun ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like the guy that would be infected in a zombie apocalypse and would n't tell anyone . # RoastofSteveBannon — Natayio ( @ natayio ) January 31 , 2017
Steve Bannon is fascinatingly confident in his genetic superiority for a man who looks like he lives in a car — Ahir Shah ( @ AhirShah ) February 1 , 2017
# SteveBannonLooksLike Winne the Pooh became human and started pouring alcohol into his honey to feed both addictions at once — Anthony Zuzolo ( @ AnthonyZuzolo ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like he 's perpetually waiting for dinner . pic.twitter.com/PDwrmkxF7a — Evan J'daté Kessler ( @ EvanJKessler ) January 29 , 2017
I know the white nationalism is the bigger problem , but also Steve Bannon looks like he pukes more often than he showers . — Josh Gondelman ( @ joshgondelman ) January 31 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like a guy who 's required by parole to knock on doors and introduce himself when he moves to a new neighborhood . — John Fugelsang ( @ JohnFugelsang ) January 31 , 2017
# SteveBannonLooksLike a man who consumes other people 's twins in the womb — Kevin Anderson ( @ KBAndersonYo ) February 2 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like the guy that would be infected in a zombie apocalypse and would n't tell anyone . # RoastofSteveBannon — Natayio ( @ natayio ) January 31 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like he just finished his second bottle of Listerine # roastofstevebannon — wakeupdead666 ( @ JohnKendricken ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like your drunk uncle who makes inappropriate comments about his nieces . — shauna robertson ( @ SHAUNALUVSDDNT ) February 3 , 2017
Steve Bannon looks like a 70s road manager for The Eagles , interviewed for a 1988 `` Behind the music '' , just before he disappeared . pic.twitter.com/UKJJBSxYGh — Wu Ming ( @ twlldun ) February 3 , 2017
AUSTRALIA 'S hard-line strategy against people smuggling has reduced asylum-seeker registrations in Indonesia by more than 80 per cent this year .
Between late December and the end of last month , the number of asylum-seekers registering had fallen from 100 people daily to about 100 people weekly , the UN High Commissioner for Refugees Indonesia representative , Manuel Jordao , said today .
“ So there is a sharp decline in the number of people seeking for registration at UNHCR , ” he said , responding to a question about the effect in Indonesia of Australia 's boat turn-back policy .
Read Next
Another key indicator of asylum-seekers ' diminished capability to board boats to Australia was the “ no-show rate ” at the Jakarta office falling from 50 per cent a year ago to 2 per cent now .
This was the rate of people reporting for registration but failing to return to UNHCR — authorities assuming most no-shows had boarded boats .
However , Mr Jordao added , it would take more months to judge the Australian clampdown 's effect on numbers of asylum-seekers entering Indonesia and numbers stranded in Indonesia .
He and a senior Indonesian Foreign Ministry official , Hassan Kleib , today briefed reporters on an international workshop next week in Jakarta on protection of asylum-seekers at sea .
More than 300,000 asylum seekers are registered with UNHCR in Southeast Asia , many moving by sea from Myanmar and Bangladesh to Thailand , Malaysia and Indonesia .
About 700 people died in the water last year .
Australia will be among the 14 countries joining next week 's meeting and is expected to be represented by officers from the Jakarta embassy .
Mr Kleib , the Foreign Ministry 's director general of multilateral affairs , said today he was unaware of the basis of a report that Indonesia 's military , General Moeldoko , said Australian counterparts had assured him asylum-seeker boats were no longer being turned back to Indonesia .
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has denied this assertion .
Mr Kleib said he would “ maybe ask for clarification ” from the Australian delegates next week whether there had been any change in their government 's policy .
He repeated Indonesia 's criticism of Australia turning back boats , or on at least three occasions transferring asylum-seekers to orange lifeboats to return to Indonesia .
“ In general terms this solution is ... going nowhere because it is just pending a solution , it 's not a comprehensive solution , ” Mr Kleib said .
Radial keratotomy ( RK ) is a refractive surgical procedure to correct myopia ( nearsightedness ) that was developed in 1974 , by Svyatoslav Fyodorov , a Russian ophthalmologist . It has been largely supplanted by newer operations , such as photorefractive keratectomy , LASIK , Epi-LASIK and the phakic intraocular lens .
History [ edit ]
Beginning in 1936 , Japanese ophthalmologist Tsutomu Sato conducted research in anterior and posterior keratotomy , an early form of refractive surgery that attempted to treat keratoconus , myopia and astigmatism by making incisions in the cornea . [ 1 ]
In 1974 , Svyatoslav Fyodorov removed glass from the eye of a boy who had been in an accident . The boy , who required eyeglasses for correction of myopia caused by astigmatism , fell off his bicycle . His glasses shattered on impact , and glass particles lodged in both eyes . To save the boy 's vision , Fyodorov performed an operation which consisted of making numerous radial incisions extending from the pupil to the periphery of the cornea in a radial pattern like the spokes of a wheel . After the glass was removed by this method and the cornea healed , Fyodorov found that the boy 's visual acuity had improved significantly . [ citation needed ]
Procedure [ edit ]
In RK , incisions are made with a diamond knife . Incisions that penetrate only the superficial corneal stroma are less effective than those reaching deep into the cornea , [ 2 ] and consequently , incisions are made quite deep . One study cites incisions made to a depth equivalent to the thinnest of four corneal-thickness measurements made near the center of the cornea . [ 3 ] Other sources cite surgeries leaving 20 to 50 micrometres of corneal tissue unincised ( roughly equivalent to 90 % of corneal depth , based on thickness norms ) . [ 2 ]
Results [ edit ]
Visual acuity is generally improved . [ 4 ]
Postsurgical healing [ edit ]
Cross-section schematic of postsurgical epithelial plugs . Example of a desirable outcome ( left ) , and an undesirable outcome ( right ) .
The healing corneal wounds consist of newly abutting corneal stroma , fibroblastic cells , and irregular fibrous connective tissue . Closer to the wound surface lies the epithelial plug , a bed of the cells that form the normal corneal epithelium which have fallen into the wound . Often this plug is three to four times as deep as the normal corneal epithelium layer . As the cells migrate from the depth of the plug up to the surface , some die before reaching it , forming breaches in the otherwise healthy epithelial layer . This , consequently , leaves the cornea more susceptible to infections . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] The risk is estimated to be between 0.25 % [ 8 ] and 0.7 % [ 9 ] Healing of the RK incisions is very slow and unpredictable , often incomplete even years after surgery . [ 10 ] Similarly , infection of these chronic wounds can also occur years after surgery , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] with 53 % of ocular infections being late in onset . [ 14 ] The pathogen most commonly involved in such infections is the highly virulent bacterium Pseudomonas aeruginosa . [ 15 ]
Complications [ edit ]
Large epithelial plugs may cause more scattering of light , leading to the appearance of visual phenomena such as flares and starbursts — especially in situations such as night driving , where the stark light of car headlights abounds . These dark conditions cause the pupil to dilate , maximizing the amount of scattered light that enters the eye . In cases where large epithelial plugs lead to such aggravating symptoms , patients may seek further surgical treatment to alleviate the symptoms . [ 5 ]
Increasing altitude can cause partial blindness in people who have undergone RK , as discovered by mountaineer Beck Weathers ( who had undergone RK ) during the 1996 Mount Everest disaster .
The incisions of RK are used to relax the steep central cornea in patients with myopia . The original technique — consisting of incisions from periphery to center — was called `` the Russian technique '' , [ 16 ] while the later advances of performing controlled incision from center to periphery was called `` the American Technique '' . [ 17 ]
RK enjoyed great popularity during the 1980s , and was one of the most studied refractive surgical procedures . Its 10-year data was published as the PERK ( Prospective Evaluation of Radial Keratotomy ) study , which proved the onset of progressive hyperopia — often found a decade after the original surgery — is due to continued flattening of the central cornea .
A conceptually opposite technique of using hexagonal incisions in the periphery of the cornea is known has Hexagonal Keratotomy ( HK , described by Antonio Mendez of Mexicali , Mexico ) , which was used to correct low degrees of Hyperopia . The idea behind HK was to make six peripheral incisions forming a hexagon around the central cornea to steepen the hyperopic flat cornea and , thereby , focus the rays of light more precisely onto the retina . These incisions can be of two types , either connecting or non-connecting . [ 18 ]
RK may be performed with different types , numbers , and patterns of incisions . They can have 4 , 8 , 12 , 16 or 32 incisions made in a number of patterns and orientations based on refractive errors , surgeon style and surgeon training . Many of these patients have had additional incisional surgeries like Astigmatic Keratotomy ( AK ) , where incisions are placed at the steepest points of the cornea in people with astigmatism to relax and transform the cornea to a more spherical shape . Some people have had a combination of intraocular surgeries , such as Pseudophakia or Phakic implants , along with their keratotomies and many underwent `` purse-string '' suturing to control over-correction ( Dr. Green 's Lasso suture ) .
Due to the instability of the cornea seen with many age-related pathologies , it may be difficult to address visual acuity satisfactorily in people who have undergone RK surgery but who later develop presbyopia ( hyperopia caused by age-related changes in the crystalline lens ) . In these situations , factors to be considered include :
Primary visual factors :
Quantitative : Decreased visual acuity ( Myopia , Hyperopia , Astigmatism ) Qualitative : Irregular astigmatism Small Optic Zone Incisions
Secondary ( Associated ) Visual Factors :
Presbyopia Cataracts Corneal Scars Corneal Instability ( thin/ectasia/trampoline effect )
Visual rehabilitation after RK [ edit ]
The PERK study demonstrated that people who undergo RK continue to drift toward hyperopia ( `` farsightedness '' ) . Additionally , many of these people have reached the age where presbyopia occurs . Some also develop cataracts . Their vision can still be restored with Epi-LASIK , photorefractive keratectomy , LASIK or phakic lens extraction , or cataract surgery . The corneal curvature has to remeasured and modified by history , central keratometry , or contact lens method . [ citation needed ]
Sen. Kamala Harris Kamala Devi HarrisSanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Warren Buffett : I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Kamala Harris hits Trump on Fourth of July tweet : 'It 's America 's birthday , not his birthday ' MORE ( D-Calif. ) said Thursday that Senate investigators could seek testimony from President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE amid probes into ties between his campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential campaign .
`` I think it 's possible , yes , '' Harris said when MSNBC 's Ari Melber asked if the Senate could seek Trump 's testimony .
Donald Trump Jr. , the president 's eldest son , answered questions for over five hours on Thursday in a closed-door interview with Senate investigators regarding his now-infamous June 2016 meeting with a Russian attorney .
ADVERTISEMENT
During his interview with Senate Judiciary Committee staff , Trump Jr. said he had met with the attorney in an effort to assess then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE 's `` fitness '' for office , as she was running against his father .
Harris , a former California prosecutor and member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , had previously interviewed Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he has n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE than part of the probe into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign .
When asked under what conditions President Trump would be brought before the Senate to testify , Harris said , `` We 'll see where the facts lead us . ''
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Friday said that Hungary sees a strong Poland as a vital component of a central European caucus within the European Union and that he would , therefore , block any action to suspend Poland 's voting rights in the EU .
The European Commission recently launched proceedings to trigger Article 7 against Poland for breaching European common values and rule of law .
Read more : European Commission triggers Article 7 against Poland
`` We need to make it clear to the EU that it is pointless to even start proceedings against Poland as there is no chance of seeing it through – because Hungary will be there and form an insurmountable roadblock , '' Orban said .
Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans said Poland 's ruling Law and Justice party had adopted 13 laws in the last two years that created a situation where the state `` can systematically interfere with the composition , powers , the administration and the functioning '' of the judiciary .
Read more : What is Article 7 of the EU Treaty ?
Watch video 02:18 Share Tensions between Poland , EU Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https : //p.dw.com/p/2pjOJ EU takes disciplinary steps against Poland
Article 7 was designed to deter member states from advancing policies that threaten democratic institutions . If the EU member states agree with the Commission 's recommendation to trigger Article 7 , Poland could see its voting rights suspended . A two-thirds majority vote is needed for it to proceed .
Orban said Poland had been criticized unfairly and unjustly . `` If one attacks Poland , it attacks all Central Europe , '' Orban told Hirado , a Hungarian public news station .
Read more : Poland and the EU ... It 's complicated
The prime minister emphasized that it was in the interest of the Hungarian nation to have solidarity with the Poles and to make it clear that no EU punishment could be imposed on them , Hirado reported .
`` The overwhelming majority of Poles think about immigration the same way as the Hungarians , '' he added .
Read more : EU sues Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland over low refugee intake
Orban highlighted the decision of the Visegrad Group countries – Hungary , Poland , the Czech Republic and Slovakia – to provide significant financial assistance to Italy to stop migrants at sea borders .
He said millions of people in Africa would migrate in coming years , with one route coming through Italy . Orban said this should be closed and Italy protected .
Off the keyboard of RE
Follow us on Twitter @ doomstead666
Friend us on Facebook
Published on the Doomstead Diner on April 3 , 2016
Discuss this article at the Bugout Table inside the Diner
The Bicycle Option
In the prior articles on Bugout Bags , I discussed the choices of bags that are reasonable in terms of volume and weight you might be able to handle on a basically pedestrian foot level , utilizing the public transportation means of boats , buses , trains and planes to GTFO of Dodge when TSHTF in your neighborhood , to a hopefully better nabe to set up shop and survive and thrive a bit longer inside industrial society , or at its margins . The analysis assumes you no longer have access to a `` bugout machine '' , aka an SUV or even perhaps an RV in which to make your escape from oncoming collapse in your neighborhood . Having any kind of motorized vehicle and acees to the fuel necessary to run it vastly multiplies the amount of Preps you can carry , you have 22 Billion Energy Slaves at your disposal there to help yank the shit around to wherever you wish to go , assuming of course there are negotiable roads to the destination , no roadblocks and borders you can cross with the vehicle .
In the pedestrian version of such a bugout , for the most part you are limited to about 3 bags if you expect to be on the road for any length of time , although if the bugout is short and has a defined destination , you can probably up that to 5 bags . You have a weight limitation as well , which may vary some by idnividual depending on your size and what kind of physical condition you are in , but is overall circumscribed by limitations the bags themselves have , as well as limitations that airlines have if you will be including any air travel in the bugout . Overall , a weight limit of around 150 lbs is the most reasonable , although you might push it to 200 in well defined short bugout scenarios .
Bicycles provide an intermediary between the pedestrian based bugout and one utilizing the power of an Internal Combustion Engine ( or electric motor if you have an EV ) . Here you get the benefit of having 22 Billion Energy Slaves to help you haul around all your preps , so you can vastly increase what it is possible to carry with you on a Bugout . The disadvantage of course is that you are dependent on the availability of gas and you ca n't take the car with you on an airplane if you want to get somewhere really far away from where you are at and TSHTF .
The bicycle eliminates those disadvantages for a car , while at the same time giving you increased range and speed for your self-propelled bugout . As a pedestrian , to walk 5-10 miles isgoing to take you a few hours , on a bicycle you can over the same territory in under an hour . You also never have to worry about running out of gas , and traffic problems are for the most part resolved as well . For the fast bugout situation like Katrina where everyone is trying to GTFO of Dodge at the same time , while all the Carz drivers are sitting at a dead stop or in 5mph bumper to bumper traffic , you can be cruising along the shoulder at 10-15 mph , with no worries about whether the next gas station up the road has any gas left .
Bikes also provide the advantage that unlike a car , you can take them on and use them in conjunction with public transportation . When I moved out to Missori back in the 90s , it came right after my car was stolen and I took the bike on the airplane with me , in checked baggage . You have to box it up and check it , which is going to cost you extra money , but you can bring it along for the ride . In NY Shity back in my youth , you could bring your bike on the Subway , and then the Long Island Railroad also offered a Bike Pass which allowed you to bring your bike on the trains , as long as it was not during Rush Hour . So on the weekend if I wanted to go to Fire Island , I could ride down to the Jamaica Station hub , get on a South Shore light rail train with my bike for 50 miles , then get off and ride another 5 miles to the beach !
Another advantage for bikes is for the City Dweller who may not have access to good parking , or the money to afford a car anyhow . You can keep a bike and all your preps in even the smallest apartment , hang your bike on hooks on the wall and keep all your bugout bags ready in the front closet for a fast bugout . All your valuable preps are kept safe ( at least as safe as any apartment is from burglary anyhow ) and you have immediate access to them in an emergency bugout scenario .
What about disadvantages ? There are a few . Because you need to pack your preps in smaller bags that distribute around the bike and on a bike trailer , this places some limitations on what you might pack and carry . Weight is also an issue . The bike has it 's own weight that you are hauling around with all the preps , and even if well geared with a 21 speed drive train , trying to bike up even a medium size hill fully loaded up with 150 lbs of preps is going to be difficult . Similarly , going down any long incline with that much weight is going to put a lot of strain on the brakes , so you better have good ones . Then you have the issue of mechancal failures . While there is n't a whole lot that can go wrong with your feet or a wheely bag , bikes have chains and cables that can break and of course tires that can go flat . While you can carry around some stuff for on the road repairs , if you try to carry too much in the way of spares and tools to fix things , you are going to be adding still more weight and bulk . So you are going to be dependent on finding still operating bike shops if you rin into a real mechanical problem . On the upside here , if you figure your Bugout is basically a one shot deal and your bike is in well maintained condition at the start , your major breakdown likelihood is low . A couple of extra inner tubes , patching kit and maybe an extra chain is going to be enough to keep you moving under most circumstances .
The final disadvantage is the theft problem . While you might lock up the bike to a pole or bike rack of some type while you drop in a store to do some shopping or use the bathroom , all those bags are EZ targets for thieves . So if you are traveling solo , once you get out on the road with your full setup engaged and packed , you pretty much have to stay with the bike and gear 24/7 until you arrive at a destination where you can unload it and safely stow all the gear and lock up the bike and trailer . You 'll be able to do this in a motel room , or you might lease a storage unit for a month if you expect to be in a location for a while doing some job hunting . You are much better off if traveling this way in pairs or in small groups , because then one person can be left guarding the bikes and preps while others go use the public bathrooms or do some shopping .
OK , now that we have looked at some of the advantages and disadvantages of the BBB , what kind of bags do we need and how do we distribute the preps ? Also of course , what kind of bike do we want here for this purpose ?
Beginning with the bike itself , most often bikers who do bike camping over paved roads select lightweight bikes with fairly thin wheels , not quite racing bikes but much thinner than the wheels on an off road bike . For the bugout bike , you probably want to choose something intermediate here , a tire that is wide enough and robust enough to handle a dirt road , but not so wide as for use on off road trails . You 're not going to be able to pull a full load of preps on an off road trail with the bike anyhow . When you get to that point in a Wilderness style bugout , you 're going to have to shift to humping it in mostly on foot .
Weight and price are another issue . The lighter the bike , the more it costs , so you have to look at your own budget on this one . Consider also that since you are going to be loading up the bike with a lot of preps , it 's not going to make that much difference to the total weight if the bike weighs 25 lbs or 35 lbs , and the 35 lb bike will come in a LOT cheaper . Its the difference between spending a few hundred for a bike or a few thousand .
Then there is the hardware the bike comes with , the shifting apparatus and the brakes mainly . The more gears a bike has , the more sensitive the shifting apparatus is , so for a robust system you would want fewer gears ( like my old 10-speed ) , but for greater ability to negotiate hills , a 21 speed would be better . You have to decide where the best balance is on that for yourself , and there are of course a wide variety of choices of manufacturers for these things at the moment , with a huge variation ien quality . Go to bike websites to review what is out there to make an informed decision on this .
For a bike that is hauling a lot of weight , as I indicated above brakes are extremely important . Most bikes have the typical rubber caliper brakes that grip the wheel itself , but for a bugout bike hauling a lot of gear I would recommend metal Disc Brakes front and rear that are miniaturized versions of motorcycle disc brakes . They have the issue of added complexity and they are more expensive , but you 'll want that stopping power on any decent size hill you have to descend with a full load .
Once you have your bike , you should get to know it well and be able to do most common repairs yourself . So practice taking the wheels and chain off and on , tuning the gears and and brakes , fixing a flat etc . You do n't want your first trial with this to come while you are on your bugout !
Now that you have chosen your bike , you need to pick your bags and distribute out your preps accross the bags that are attached to the bike , as well as those that are on a bike trailer if you really want to maximize your prep cargo capacity for the BBB . At the top of the page you see a fairly typical example of a well loaded and distributed touring bike with front and rear pannier bags . These specially designed bags just for bikes are the ideal , but they are also relatively expensive as bags go for the size range you are looking at here . For instance , the rear pannier set pictured at the right goes for $ 240 . You can get basically the same volume with the same material by picking up a couple of school size backpacks at Walmart for $ 25 each , even less sometimes . With a few carabiners and some bungee cord , you can strap them on the rack just as well as the custom pannier bags . To really make it secure you can sew on some additional velcro attachement points to the rear carrier and customize how you like . Instead of spending upwards of $ 1000 for your bag arrangement for the bike , youcan cut the cost to 1/2 that or less , leaving over a lot of FRNs from your bugout budget for buying more good preps to stuff in those bags .
In terms of weight , if each of your front panniers has 15 lbs in it and each of the rear ones has 25 , you are already up to 80 lbs of gear , more than halfway to your limit of 150 lbs . On top of the rear carrier you can ad bulky items like a sleeping bag , tarps and tent , say another 20 lbs and you are now at 100 lbs on the bike itself .
To really max out here , you add a bike trailer . I like the Maya single wheel trailer for its narrow profile and the fact it can be converted to a hand pushed or pulled wheelbarrow .
It 's rated to carry up to 66 lbs ( although I think it would carry more ) and weighs about 13 lbs for a total now on the bike of 166 lbs of cargo , and around 45 lbs for the bike and trailer , putting you well over the 150 limit so you would not want to stack all these bags to the max , unless you are Lance Armstrong with an extra dose of steroids . LOL .
All the preps listed for the pedestrian bugout bags will fit in the BBB setup . For air travel , you will have issues of course in terms of number of bags and the cost involved , by the time you pack up the bike and trailer and then all the ancillary bags , it will probably cost you as much or more than the original plane ticket to drop all of this stuff in the baggage compartment of the airplane . It might be worth it thought for a one time bugout .
Insofar as using trains , whether it is Amtrak her in the FSoA or the Interrail in Europe , most of this will have to go in the baggage compartment , unlike the pedestrian setup you ca n't throw it on the train in the passenger compartment . You may or may not be able to fit the bike and trailer into the baggage compartment of an inter-city Greyhound style bus , you almost certainly will not be able to bring the arrangement onto a typical commuter bus , which can be managed with the pedestrian bugout bag arrangement .
So which is better , Pedestrian or Bike for the Personal Carry Bugout ? There is no definitive answer to that , because they both have advantages and disadvantages . Pedestrian is cheaper and more flexible as well . The bike provides you your own personal transportation and the ability to travel greater distances in a shorter time than pedestrian . In the end , it depends a lot on the type of bugout you have to make and what the surrounding situation is . For the Syrians for example , since they have to in many cases ride on inflatable boats from Turkey to Greece , a bike is pretty much a non-starter . Not to mention all the dicey public transport mechanisms they need to access along the way . They also are mostly limited to just 2 bags , no big 3rd bag for them either . For the ones trying to stowaway on trucks crossing to the UK from Calais , they ca n't even carry that , just what they have on their person .
For most of us here in the FSoA , we 're not going to have to make the same kind of bugout as the Syrians . Most bugouts will be within the confines of the NA continent , from Panama up to Nunavut . The continent is well crisscrossed by roads that bikes can function on , and there are no water crossings that do not have bridges or tunnels that you have to negotiate . So NA bugouts are much more suited to BBBs than bugouts from MENA to Europe . The geographical obstacles there are a big reason for why the cultures are so different and why there has been relatively little intermingling of the populations up until the industrial era and the advent first of trains , then automobiles and planes . As time goes by here and borders are progressively more closed , the ability to make these migrations will diminish . This will however take some time , and meanwhile the Refugee crisis in that neighborhood looks set to escalate in the coming years .
Blacksburg ranked No . 5 Best College Town to Live In
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
March 17 , 2014
Montgomery County , Virginia
Economic Development Department
Source : Virginia Tech
Montgomery County , Virginia - Blacksburg has been ranked the No . 5 Best College Town in America to Live In by Movoto Real Estate . The San Mateo , CA . based real estate website compiled the top 10 list to determine the most desirable college towns in America to live in , citing that “ colleges and universities bring a level of culture to an area , a level of excitement that 's attractive to many people. ” Of the 167 locations evaluated by Movoto , Blacksburg received high marks for being one of the safest places on the list as well as its short commute time .
To create the ranking , Movoto first looked at the 100 top-ranked liberal arts colleges and universities according to U.S. News , ties included . The resulting 167 locations across the U.S. were assessed using seven unique criteria , which Movoto believed to make a great place to live .
The criteria used , included : total amenities , quality of life ( cost of living , median home price , median rent , median household income , and student-to-teacher ratio ) , total crimes , tax rates ( sales and income ) , unemployment rates , commute time , and weather in terms of temperature and air quality .
David Cross , Content Editor of Movoto , had the following commentary regarding Blacksburg 's ranking :
Blacksburg 's best ranking came from its commute time . It takes area residents just 16 minutes to get to work , the 16th shortest time on our list . For comparison , it takes New Yorkers an average of 44 minutes to make it to work . In addition to a low commute time , Blacksburg was among the safest places on our list . Our data indicates there were 1,426 crimes per 100,000 people , good enough to make the locale the 19th safest place on our list .
Movoto is n't the first to recognize Blacksburg among the best college towns in America . Late last year , the American institute for Economic Research ranked the Blacksburg-Christiansburg-Radford metro area – home of Virginia Tech , Radford University and New River Community College – the No . 8 College Town in the country .
About Us
As Amazon looks to stamp its footprint beyond the Seattle area , Oculus is making further inroads into the Pacific Northwest 's major tech hub . As reported by Seattle-based tech site GeekWire , local real estate sources say that the Facebook-owned virtual reality company is in the market for a 200,000-square-foot R & D space in nearby Redmond , which already houses some Oculus research efforts . Multiple real estate sources also suggested that Oculus is eyeing a 500,000- to 1 million-square-foot space for an additional Seattle area office .
On its job postings site , Oculus lists more than 60 Redmond-based research positions , for a total of more than 100 open positions in Redmond alone , and an additional six openings in Seattle proper — numbers that suggest that Oculus is making a major expansion in Redmond and possibly consolidating its offices in Seattle .
In 2015 , the company moved into a 51,000-square-foot space in Seattle 's Stadium Innovation Center . This summer , Oculus reportedly leased an additional slightly smaller office across the street in Seattle 's SoDo neighborhood .
“ We recently shared our vision to get 1 billion people into VR , and we 're growing the Oculus team in Seattle to help make that happen , ” an Oculus spokesperson told TechCrunch . “ We 're excited about the talent and growth in Seattle , and welcome engineering , product , and hardware experts who want to join us ! ”
With Microsoft 's HoloLens operations around the corner in Redmond , Valve nearby in Bellevue and a number of smaller VR companies making inroads in the region , the greater Seattle area is shaping up to be a major hub for the VR industry .
There was a time when nothing symbolized Americans ' yearn for instant gratification as well as the drive-thru -- where we could order , pay for and eat a meal without ever having to leave the car .
Then along came the iPhone and a universe of apps that promised the ultimate convenience : burgers at the push of a button . Thanks to tech , you now have the luxury of never having to place a fast-food order with a human again .
As more young Americans move to cities -- and leave their cars behind -- mobile apps are increasingly looking like the 21st century 's answer to the drive-thru .
“ The mobile payment will become the urban version of the drive-thru , ” said Maeve Webster , a senior director at DataSsential , a food market research firm . “ The big thing that 's going to drive that is the population shift into urban areas . ”
Over the past several months , the number of restaurants offering diners the ability to order and pay for their food through their phones has expanded rapidly . Taco Bell launched its mobile ordering app to much fanfare last week . Other eateries , including Panda Express and White Castle , also have similar apps .
Vintage neon sign above the In & Out Drive In located in Baker City , Oregon . Open since 1957
McDonald 's is reportedly testing an app that allows customers to order ahead and pay through their phones . The fast food giant already accepts Apple Pay at its stores . At Starbucks , which is widely acknowledged to have one of the most successful mobile payment apps , phone transactions are growing at a rate of nearly 50 percent annually , the company said in a conference call discussing its most recently quarterly earnings . Mobile payments at banks , restaurants and other locations are expected to grow 60.8 percent annually worldwide between 2011 and 2015 , according to the 2014 world payments report from consulting firm Capgemini and the Royal Bank of Scotland .
The apps presumably appeal largely to younger city dwellers looking to order quickly and on the go . And the past few years have seen an increase in this type of customer . Between 2000 and 2010 , the urban population in the country increased by 12.1 percent , compared to an overall population growth rate of 9.7 percent , according to Census Bureau data from 2012 . Nearly 1 in 7 Americans lives in the New York , Chicago or Los Angeles metropolitan areas and nearly 1 in 3 lives in one of the 10 most populous regions , the Census Bureau reported earlier this year .
Young people in their 20s and 30s with college degrees are particularly likely to choose close-in urban neighborhoods over the suburbs , according to a recent report from City Observatory , a think tank focused on urban policy . Young people are also driving less -- between 2001 and 2009 , the number of miles clocked by the average 16 to 34-year-old dropped 23 percent , an October study from U.S. PIRG found .
Young people are driving less and less :
This chart from U.S. PIRG shows the change in number of trips per capita among 16- to 34-year-olds between 2001 and 2009 .
If these patterns hold , it may not be long before the trappings of car culture -- including drive-thrus -- become increasingly outdated . The first drive-in window -- a setup where diners ordered through a window and a waiter brought food to their car -- appeared in Texas 1921 , according to Michael Karl Witzel , the author of The American Drive In . It later spawned its now more-popular offshoot , the drive-thru , in the 1930s , he said .
From there , the growth “ was another natural progression of the love of the automobile , ” Witzel said . As cars , highways and commutes from the suburbs became more ubiquitous in the middle of the century , drive-thru windows began to increasingly dot the landscape . McDonald 's launched its first drive-thru on an Arizona military base in 1975 to cater to soldiers who were n't allowed to get out of their cars in fatigues , according to the company 's website .
“ We used to believe that [ cars ] were freedom machines , and we inhabited them in ways that amplified our freedom , ” said Cotten Seiler , the author of Republic of Drivers : A Cultural History of Automobility in America . “ Now the suburbs , which were supposed to be these havens of freedom and mobility and beauty , are some of the most congested areas . These are places where the promise of mobility does n't really deliver anymore . ”
Despite the congestion , drive-thrus still generate a huge chunk of business for many eateries ; at Starbucks , for example , stores with a drive-thru accounted for nearly half of sales last quarter , even though they make up only 42 percent of the chain 's company-operated store portfolio . According to a 2012 report from the NPD Group , a market research firm , drive-thrus make up about 40 percent of visits at Mexican chains like Taco Bell , and 57 percent of visits at hamburger joints .
But the drive-thru 's hold may be slipping . For the year ended September 2014 , drive-thru visits to hamburger fast food chains were down 6 percent , compared to a 5 percent decline in fast food visits overall , according to NPD .
Using Apple 's Passbook App to pay for a cup of coffee at Starbucks .
Forward-thinking chains are adjusting to this new reality . Starbucks announced on its earnings call last week that the chain will add delivery to its mobile app in some locations starting sometime in 2015 . It also added a feature earlier this year that allows users to hail an Uber through the Starbucks app .
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz described these developments and other efforts to grow mobile transactions as `` taking a page out of the drive-thru business , ” which is known for convenience .
Trump inflated the number of people who turned out to see him rail against the “ fake news ” media .
If you watched the TV broadcast of President Trump 's rally in Phoenix , Arizona , it might have looked like the event went exactly as planned . The “ Blacks for Trump ” guy was front and center , and other enthusiastic Trump supporters booed journalists and applauded the president 's racist dog whistles , right on cue . As soon as Trump took the stage he marveled , “ What a crowd , ” and claimed ( falsely ) that there were n't many protesters outside .
“ A lot of people in here , a lot of people pouring right now , ” Trump said . “ They can get them in . Whatever you can do , fire marshals , we 'll appreciate it . ”
A short time after the event , Trump noted the crowd size again , tweeting : “ Thank you Arizona . Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight ! ”
But according to Bloomberg , Trump was actually very upset by the “ beautiful turnout ” — so much so that he 's fired George Gigicos . Or rather , he had top security aide Keith Schiller tell Gigicos that he 'll never manage a Trump rally again , because Trump does n't actually like to fire people .
Gigicos organized Trump 's rallies during the campaign , and he served as White House director of scheduling and advance until last month , when he quit to return to his consulting business . He organized the Phoenix event as a contractor to the Republican National Committee .
Trump 's notorious sensitivity about crowd size makes it hard to pin down how many people were actually at the event . City of Phoenix spokeswoman Julie Watters tried to back up Trump 's claim of 15,000 , though she said there were n't that many people in the venue . “ There were more than 10,000 inside and there were approximately between 4,500 to 5,000 outside who were turned away because the event was wrapping up , ” she said . Jon Hotchkiss of Be Less Stupid , who attended the event , estimated that the number of people who saw Trump speak was more like 4,000 .
The Washington Post reported that as Trump 's 72-minute tirade dragged on , the crowd lost interest :
Hundreds left early , while others plopped down on the ground , scrolled through their social media feeds or started up a conversation with their neighbors . After waiting for hours in 107-degree heat to get into the rally hall — where their water bottles were confiscated by security — people were tired and dehydrated and the president just was n't keeping their attention . Although Trump has long been the master of reading the mood of a room and quickly adjusting his message to satisfy as many of his fans as possible , his rage seemed to cloud his senses .
But Trump was upset even before he took the stage . TV and social media coverage showed the crowd was thin when Trump arrived at 6:30 p.m . The room filled in as several people introduced the president , but he still blamed the lackluster energy in the room on Gigicos 's staging :
Gigicos had staged the event in a large multipurpose room . The main floor space was bisected by a dividing wall , leaving part of the space empty . There were some bleachers off to the side , but otherwise the audience was standing — and the scene appeared flat , lacking the energy and enthusiasm of other rallies .
Though Gigicos has been banished , it seems Trump is still fixated on the size of his adoring crowd in Phoenix . “ You saw the massive crowd we had , ” he said at a White House news conference on Monday . “ The people went crazy when I said , ‘ What do you think of Sheriff Joe ? ' Or something to that effect . ”
Unfortunately Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are not together every waking moment of every day .
But Affleck is always looking out for his buddy , which is why he happily supplied the public with a 1988 snap of Damon . Being a top notch friend , Affleck sent the photo — Matt in a leather jacket during his musical theater phase — while Damon was doing a Twitter Q & A on the Australian radio show Smallzy 's Surgery with Alicia Vikander for the upcoming Jason Bourne movie .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Reacting to the photo , Damon said , “ I had that exact wig made for the Liberace movie [ Behind the Candelabra : My Life with Liberace ] , for the '80s sequence . We called it the Flock of Seagulls wigs…that 's my real hair. ” The '80s hair is not even the point . The point is to watch Damon the moment he realizes Ben has blindsided him with this blackmail material .
Recently , Damon said heartfelt things about his friend Ben in a commencement speech at MIT , but this video is probably what filled Affleck with more pride . In this moment , there is no one in the world more surprised than Matt Damon . At the sight of the photo , ever so slightly off balance for moment , Damon says , “ that 's nice of him , ” and sips from a mug of coffee , likely plotting a revenge plot .
Watch below .
Write to Ashley Hoffman at Ashley.Hoffman @ time.com .
The Canon FD 2.8/300 L was one of the most highly regarded manual super tele lenses in the 80s . Today it can be had for much less money and in this review I evaluate how it performs today on a modern mirrorless camera .
Image Samples You can find all images shown in this image in full resolution in my Canon FD 300mm f/2.8 L flickr album .
Specifications
Diameter 127 mm Length 245 mm Filter Thread 48 mm screw in Weight 2348 g ( without hood or caps , with filter ) Max . Magnification 0.11 Close Focusing Distance from the sensor 3 m Number of aperture blades 9 , slightly rounded Elements/ Groups 9/7
The Canon new FD 2.8/300 sells for around $ 750 at ebay.com , 700€ at ebay.de ( affiliate links ) if you have some patience and find an auction . It costs more if you buy it for a fixed price from a retailer .
Versions
I am aware of two versions .
The Canon FD 300mm f/2.8 S.S.C . Fluorite was released in 1975 . It is black , weights 1900g , focuses to 3.5m and uses the older breech lock . The Canon New FD 300mm f/2.8L followed in 1981 . It is white , weights 2348g ( my measurement with filter , Canon specifies 2310g ) , focuses to 3m and has the new FD mounting mechanism . This is the version discussed in this review .
I have no reliable information on the performance of the older version but since it uses only one fluorite element I would expect more CA from it .
Features
The Canon FD 2.8/300 is a fully manual lens so you have to change focus and aperture by yourself and you have to use an adapter to use it on a mirrorless camera .
The Canon has an adjustable infinity stop which is easy to change and works well .
The lens also has a slot for 48mm screw in filters in the back .
The Canon has an unusual mechanism to change it from landscape to portrait orientation . With the press a silver button at the left side of the lens you can rotate the whole back of the lens and with it the camera by 90 degrees .
The Canon also focuses internally which means that it does not extend and that it is much easier to focus quickly with it .
Build Quality
The Canon FD 2.8/300 offers excellent build quality . This lens was made to withstand professional abuse for many years and it is up to the task .
Handling
Focus Ring
The focus ring travels around 260 degrees from 3m to infinity . Resistance is very low which makes sense because it makes tracking manually easier . It makes focusing the lens very precisely more difficult though .
In my experience it was n't too hard to follow a subject manually with the Canon 2.8/300 because the focus ring offered so little resistance and because subjects jump into focus thanks to the very large aperture and good performance .
Aperture ring
The aperture ring is a solid one . It is made from metal with distinctive enough stops and a very pleasant resistance . It works in half-stops from f/2.8 to f/32 .
Hood
Oh boy . The Canon comes with a very solid integrated hood which it about 3cm deep . It locks into place very reliably and it 's rubber coated at the front so that I do n't hesitate to put the whole lens on it . The integrated hood does little to protect the giant 100mm diameter front lens . For that it comes with a very big 110 mm long hood ( Model EH-123 ) which turns this lens into an gigantic monster but it actually helps to keep contrast high in backlit scenarios .
Size and Weight
This is a very big an heavy 5 pounds lens . You wo n't enjoy carrying it , nor hand-holding it . I had to borrow a stronger tripod head from Bastian to perform my test because it is so heavy . You can handhold and focus it from your hand especially with activated image stabilizer on the Sony a7 ( r ) ii but unless you are a really strong guy your arm will quickly tire .
Optical performance
These results are based on the use with a Sony Alpha 7II .
Flare Resistance
Flare is an issue with this lens . I forgot to keep any of the images I lost to it but there were quite a few of them and if you manage I can only recommend using the hood .
Bokeh
In short : very smooth .
Now let 's have a deeper look .
Up close the background is super smooth and just melts away .
The same is true in the typical headshot scenario where the subject is totally isolated from the background which is rendered very smooth . Oof highlights take on a cat-eye shape wide open but the effect is n't pronounced and there is only very little bokeh fringing . Also note that even stopped down there blur discs stay mostly round thanks to 9 aperture blades .
Background rendering deteriorates a little in this upper body shot with a close background but it is still mostly smooth .
This test scene at a long distance with a close background shows average foreground bokeh and less smooth background bokeh .
The transition zone is decent but not great .
So bokeh is n't perfect but pretty smooth and it is really easy to throw backgrounds out of focus with this lens .
Chromatic Aberrations
The Canon 's suppression of any kind of CA is impressive . I have only seen such great performance in this aspect by the 30-years-younger Voigtländer 2/65 APO . Even my worst case torture test failed to show more than traces of axial CA .
Lateral CA is low but visible in critical cenarios .
Vignetting
Vignetting at f/2.8 is low at 0.8 stops and basically unnoticeable from f/4 at 0.3 stops . Very good performance here .
Distortion
The Canon FD 300mm 1:2.8 shows minor pincushion distortion .
Sharpness
My sharpness series is n't optimal but after my first attempt failed because my tripod was n't up to the task , the second one had issues with flare and alignment this is the best I could come up with in pretty hazy conditions .
The Canon is very sharp in the center and midframe from f/2.8 but it gains a some contrast and sharpness as you stop down to f/4 . Corners are good from wide open but for best results you should stop down to f/8 .
Contrast is rather average , I have often bumped it up a bit in processing for images taken with the FD 2.8/300 .
Alternatives
Nikon ED-IF 2.8/300 : I have not shot a direct comparison but from what I have seen and read it seems to me that the Nikon is very similar in that it is very durable and it also features internal focus for fast manual focus but it only focuses down to 4m . Optically It seems to be not as well corrected for CA as the Canon but it is still a very sharp lens with very good bokeh . So if you want a 2.8/300 for your mirrorless camera the Canon seems to be quite a bit more attractive to me .
Canon FD 4/300 L : A much more reasonable lens which weights and costs less than half as much as the big f/2.8 . I shot a few comparisons and I have to say that the difference f/2.8 makes over f/4 is bigger than I had thought . The f/2.8 version also has a little longer focal length and superior CA correction . Sharpness is very similar . So the f/2.8 gave me nicer images but I really had to think twice about bringing it with me while the 4/300 can fit into my larger camera bag and it is much less tiring to operate .
Conclusion
pros Excellent CA correction
Very good sharpness
Bokeh
Build Quality
Quick to focus
Low Vignetting
Low Distortion
Price average Contrast cons Size & Weight
Flare resistance
The Canon FD 300mm f/2.8 L is the best corrected legacy lens I have used so far . Sharpness is very good from wide open and excellent from f/4 , there is practically not distortion and vignetting is low as well . What impressed me the most is the excellent CA correction which even today , 36 years after the Canon 's release is not standard . Only flare can be an issue but that is to be expected with such a large front lens .
So while I was very happy with the optical performance , the handling turned out to be a challenge . Not because the Canon 's design , it is very well designed , but because it was a challenge for me to transport this 2.3k lens to location . Usually I travel by bike and since it does n't fit into any of my bags I had to transport it in a backpack and it takes me about a minute to get it out of that and onto my camera . It 's little brother in contrast fits into my bigger bag and is easier to operate . But once it was attached to my camera I was always very happy with the results , the wide aperture really makes a difference and the very good performance and smooth bokeh made images stand out .
So how much sense does a manual 2.8/300mm lens make in 2017 ? Manual focus is of course a limitation and it makes very little sense to shoot birds in flight or other demanding scenarios with this lens because your success rate will be much lower than with a good AF 2.8/300 lens on a faster camera than my a7ii . Such a setup would cost many times as much though . For someone who occasionally needs a fast 300 for zoo pictures , for portraits or for reportage work and who has decent manual focus skills this lens will deliver results which stand out from those of slower ( AF- ) lenses .
The Canon FD 2.8/300 L is an outstanding lens optically and can be bought for less than a grand . So you get a lot of glass for your money . The important question is if you can handle the glass but my answer is that for some applications it still performs very well today .
The Canon new FD 2.8/300 sells for around $ 750 at ebay.com , 700€ at ebay.de ( affiliate links ) if you have some patience and find an auction . It costs more if you buy it for a fixed price from a retailer .
If this review was helpful to you , please consider using one of my affiliate links . Thanks 🙂
More Image Samples
You can find these more images in full resolution in this flickr set : Canon FD 300mm f/2.8 L .
Other articles
Chrome 57 , which is currently in Beta , brings all the normal tab controls to Chrome Custom Tabs . Chrome 58 is taking that a step further with the ability to open Custom Tab links in a new Chrome tab - a notable improvement over how Custom Tabs currently handle links .
Left : Chrome 56 Custom Tab ; Right : Chrome 58 Custom Tab
When you have a Chrome Custom Tab opened , with Chrome 56/57 as the default browser , you ca n't do much with links . As seen on the left screenshot , links can only be copied or opened in the current Custom Tab . On Chrome 58 , you can open these links in a new normal Chrome tab .
This is definitely a minor change , but I 'm glad that Google is making Custom Tabs much closer to the standard Chrome browser ( in terms of features ) . If you want to try it out , install either Chrome Dev or Chrome Canary from the links below , and set it as your default browser .
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
This week I 'm pleased to present a guest post from Naomi , an active member of the generation that 's on the leading edge of change :
My social media pages this summer overflowed with rainbow-hued profile pictures . June 's historic SCOTUS ruling on marriage equality inspired many to share their support for LGBTQ rights . It struck me like a piñata stick – thousands were “ coming out ” as accepting people !
I guest-wrote a blog post here at the beginning of the year on how to be a better LGBTQ ally , so I was thrilled these past few months to see numerous supporters take a stand . After doing a little research I was surprised to find that while more than half of adults think of themselves as allies to LGBTQ communities , far fewer self-identified as “ active allies. ” Anyone can take that next step , including kids , so I whipped up an easy 3-part recipe for entering the rewarding world of active allies .
1 . ALLIES LISTEN
There 's a quote I love from a post in Everyday Feminism : “ Listening is bearing witness to the testimonies , stories , emotions and experiences being shared. ” Each LGBTQ ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , queer/questioning ) person embarks on their own journey , informed by other parts of their identity like race , ethnicity , religion , or socioeconomic group . I identify as a queer femme but I 'm also white , Jewish , and a proud Wisconsinite . All of these intersecting identities impact my daily life and how I view the world .
Even Caitlyn Jenner is still growing and listening in her new trans community because that 's how we learn what we can do to truly help one another . I recommend the True Colors Fund 's TRUTH project , where transgender and gender non-conforming youth and their families get to share their coming out stories and their dreams . And take a moment to listen to LGBTQ celebs like RuPaul , George Takei and Laverne Cox share their experiences in the compelling online docu-series It Got Better .
2 . ALLIES LEARN
One important aspect of becoming an active ally is being aware of issues that disparately impact LGBTQ communities . From housing and job discrimination to bullying at school , to fear of using a public restroom , there are lots of topics that specifically affect the LGBTQ people you know and love .
The Gay , Lesbian & Straight Education Network ( GLSEN ) and family-oriented PFLAG are great sites to start expanding what you know . With one click you can follow them on social media or have weekly news roundups delivered right to your inbox .
As we all get more familiar with what it means to be an active ally , resources like Straight for Equality are here to help with your questions about vocabulary and inclusive language . Julie told me that when My Son Wears Heels first began , she occasionally needed to double-check the difference between gender identity and sexual orientation , even with Harry as a teacher .
3 . ALLIES LEAD
The ally pool may look deep , but do n't worry – it 's okay to start on the steps of the shallow end . Just dip in your toe !
If you find an article that surprises you or moves you about LGBTQ issues , go ahead and share it on Facebook or Twitter with a short personal note about why you think it 's powerful . And you can often make a difference by signing an online petition to advocate for equal rights .
You can also lead by participating in annual events like the Day of Silence or attending local Pride parades .
Family activities are a fun option too . Whip out some dance moves to music that celebrates gender freedom with little loved ones . Or make some popcorn and host a screening of an LGBTQ-themed film for friends followed by a discussion .
The best part about being an ally is that we 're all in a burgeoning community that 's constantly learning and growing together .
We 're never too young or old to be an ally , and I 'm a big fan of equipping kids with the tools to speak out against bullying and discrimination . As they head back to school , remind them to stand up for kids who are treated unfairly . Let them know it 's okay to tell a teacher when they see or experience hurtful behavior . Allyship is about working together to make the world a safer place for everybody .
New allies , welcome to a wonderful world of growth and sharing . Celebrating our differences helps all of us learn ! Start today by sharing this piece .
IF YOU LIKED THIS POST YOU 'LL PROBABLY ALSO LIKE THESE :
He , Zie or They : Gender-specific pronouns are personal .
I did n't know I was cisgender .
“ Now who can tell me what transgender means ? This one 's a little tricky . ”
( Develop hypothesis ) Define problem & solution ( Refine hypothesis ) Market research ( understand competitive offerings , survey/interview consumers ) . Note : you can read about my process refining the hypothesis & testing the sub-assumptions here . ( Integrate hypothesis ) Build basic prototype . ( Test hypothesis ) Test prototype with real users . This is where I am at today , I want 100 real users to borrow something using my service , and each time I am learning a lot . ( Develop product ) Build core product ( Brand product ) Define value proposition for select market segments & build brand identity ( Ship product ) Go-to-market ( Refine product ) Grow , scale , succeed
It was important to think in these terms and remind myself of the huge gap between hypothesis & product .
- A hypothesis goes through numerous iterations of # 2-4 . At some point , a decision is made on whether or not the idea has proven product/ market fit ( e.g. , reviewing data across the surveys , interviews , prototype feedback , there should be some clustering of user need for the hypothesized solution ) .
- A product is built once product/market fit has been defined . It can be an extension of or a pivot away from the prototype .
I have a hypothesis . It does n't have a name , and its website is hosted on the Heroku domain . Its prototype is essentially a simple form backed by me the concierge ; I process and handle requests manually with the barest minimum of automation ( here 's to doing things that do n't scale ! ) . But , it has been cheap .
This is important in two ways .
If I were a super-developer , I could build , in < 1 week , a prototype that looked so professional and cool , people would use it simply to use it . But realistically , developing the product means shelling out a significant sum of $ $ . I can afford to do that once , so I need to be sure I have a product that the market wants . * Branding is even harder . Find a color scheme , a cute word , a catchphrase , a jingle , that succinctly points users to your value proposition in ~one second . With just a hypothesis , I 'm not even sure what my value proposition is , so how can I build a brand ? I believe the benefit of giving people something easy to remember today , is not worth the potential cost of getting it wrong and confusing users with a brand shift tomorrow ( albeit risk for me is lower as I do n't have an established name ) .
EDIT : As of May 2014 , I started to brand a little , now I can say I 'm working on www.ProjectBorrow.com . If you 're curious as to why the branding emerged , read this blarticle .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Gold bugs enjoy a special place here on Wall Street .
They 're our bizarre-o twins in the world of investing . When our market is up , theirs is down . We trade securities used to assign a value to companies , industries and commodities . They trade a useless piece of rock that people dig up .
We do n't understand one another , so we eye each other warily . Sure , some of us may own a little gold , but we only hold it as a hedge -- or as jewelry . The gold bugs may hold some stock , but their hearts are n't in it . And they ca n't wear it .
They 'd rather be standing at the corner of Wall and Broad streets with their sandwich boards shouting , `` The end is nigh . '' They appreciate stockpiling . We appreciate things like electricity and running water .
Yet when things get tough , the gold bugs always seem to have the last laugh . Yes , gold GLD , +0.17 % has dipped a little from the rarefied air around $ 1,000 an ounce . But it 's still trading near where it was a year ago . Holding steady puts your asset class in elite company these days .
And have you ever noticed that , even though there have been some good con artists , there 's never been a brazen Ponzi scheme in the world of gold investing ? Sure , miners have often promised and not delivered . But when it comes to old-fashioned fraud , gold is hard to trick . Either you have it or you do n't .
That 's why the government 's arrest of David Copeland Reed caught a lot of the gold world 's attention Tuesday . Reed was the gold world 's Bernie Madoff . No , he did n't make off with $ 50 billion , and he surely did n't turn himself in , but Reed in just a few months allegedly bilked investors out of $ 12.8 million using nothing more than a computer , some fast talking and , oh yes , the glitter of gold .
Reed , charged with three counts of wire fraud and some money-laundering violations , basically set up an Internet bank called OSGold in the spring of 2001 . His hook was n't that he had Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. backing ; it was gold bullion . Not just any gold bullion , but a lot of it -- stored in an offshore vault .
His deposit-taking method was n't some kind of fancy encrypted , password-protected computer affair . No , he asked customers to wire him their money .
The money began to really flow in May 2001 , when he offered investors what prosecutors say was a fund promising a 30 % compounded , three-month return and a 45 % annual return . The nice thing about this investment was that Reed promised the principal was fully guaranteed .
Customers knew this to be true because they could look up their accounts on Reed 's Web site . Those blazing computer screens consistently gave his investors the good news , prosecutors say . Huge gains were made in the `` foreign exchange markets . ''
Twelve months and close to 66,000 accounts later , Reed disappeared .
Holy Harry Markopoulos , that was easy .
Everyone knows that if something is on the Internet it must be true . But in this case , it was n't . One of the bank 's customers tried to make a withdrawal of $ 10 million in 2002 and came up empty . Insufficient funds .
Prosecutors say Reed made off with his clients ' cash , which he used to buy tickets to Cancun , Mexico . There he bought cars and launched business ventures such as a nightclub , a gym and a shopping mall . Foreign exchange , indeed .
When the jig was up in the summer of 2002 , Reed and his family stuffed a bunch of cash in duffel bags and their clothes and boarded a plane for Cancun . Prosecutors say that to buy some time he told investors that there were `` technical problems '' at the bank -- which was technically true : The money was being crammed into luggage .
Reed came back to the states and was arrested in Columbia , S.C. , earlier this month . He faces up to 20 years in prison and fines if convicted .
Reed 's is hardly the worst of the frauds that have come to light in recent months . We 're all aware of the Robert Allen Stanford 's arrest last week for an alleged $ 8 billion fraud , and , of course , of Bernie Madoff 's high-profile case .
Two major fraud cases were announced Wednesday . The Commodity Futures Trading Commission charged two traders with a $ 553 million fraud that came to light in an audit . Another suspected Ponzi-style scam artist , James Nicholson , was charged with securities fraud and bank fraud for pilfering what could be more than $ 100 million of his clients ' assets .
Reed is a speck in the gold mine of fraud triggered by the disruption in the marketplace . It 's amazing his crude methods were so successful . Forty-five percent returns ? Not even Madoff claimed such outrageous results .
The gold bugs finally have their villain . His claims turned out to be as elusive as the Treasure of the Sierra Madre .
Ontario 's books are still in the black despite increased spending on childcare and cleaning up the mercury-contaminated Wabigoon River . The treasurer tabled the province 's first quarter finances on Friday , revealing that the province 's revenues are projected to be $ 141.8 billion this year , an increase of $ 145 million .
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa says he vows the Liberals will “ continue to implement our balanced plan to build a healthy and sustainable economy for all of Ontario. ” ( Fred Chartrand / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Finance Minister Charles Sousa said program expenses are expected to be $ 129.6 billion , which are also up $ 145 million due to a new agreement with Ottawa on early learning and childcare . Sousa said the treasury 's interest on the provincial debt this year is still $ 11.6 billion and Ontario 's $ 600 million in reserve funds also remains unchanged . “ We are encouraged by the influx of many innovative and dynamic businesses that are investing across the province , bringing good jobs , higher wages and greater prosperity to our communities , ” he said in a statement .
Article Continued Below
The minister vowed that the Liberal government , which finally eliminated the deficit this spring after nine years in the red , would “ continue to implement our balanced plan to build a healthy and sustainable economy for all of Ontario. ” Among the in-year changes was $ 85 million for remediation of the English-Wabigoon River that has poisoned the people of Grassy Narrows First Nation and nearby Whitedog First Nation for generations . Queen 's Park moved to tackle the polluted river following a Star investigation that revealed the impact of the poisoning after decades of inaction by successive Liberal , Progressive Conservative , and NDP governments . “ I have never seen a case of such gross neglect . I am embarrassed as a Canadian that this ever happened and I ca n't understand how people for 50 years sat in that environment office knowing this was going on as a minister and simply did n't do anything about it , ” then environment minister Glen Murray said in June when he announced the funding . Sousa said “ stronger-than-expected economic activity ” from January to March has been propelled by a growing U.S. economy and low oil prices that have kept the Canadian dollar competitive against the American greenback .
Indeed , Ontario 's economy grew by 1 per cent during the quarter , outperforming Canada , the U.S. , and the rest of the G7 nations . On average , private-sector forecasters now predict the province 's gross domestic product will increase by 2.7 per cent this year – up from the 2.4 per cent projected in the budget . Other changes since the spending plan was introduced on April 27 , include $ 14.8 million to help compensate Indigenous people affected by the Lac des Mille Lacs flooding and $ 2.5 million for famine relief efforts in Nigeria , Somalia , South Sudan , and Yemen .
With the end of Game of Thrones in sight , HBO and George R.R . Martin are looking for their next act outside of the fantasy drama .
Author Nnedi Okorafor announced Monday that the premium cable network has optioned her 2010 science fiction and fantasy novel Who Fears Death with the Game of Thrones creator on board to executive produce and adapt the series for the small screen . HBO declined comment , and sources note the deal is not officially completed .
Published by Penguin Books imprint DAW , Who Fears Death takes place in a fictionalized post-apocalyptic future version of Sudan . It revolves around Onyesonwu ( Igbo for `` who fears death '' ) who is an Ewu , the child of an Okeke woman who was raped by a Nuru man . When she reaches maturity , she uses her magical powers in a bid to defeat her sorcerer father Daib .
The novel won the 2011 World Fantasy Award for best novel as well as the Carl Brandon Kindred Award in 2010 for outstanding work of speculative fiction dealing with race and ethnicity . ''
`` My World Fantasy Award-winning novel Who Fears Death has been optioned by HBO and is now in early development as a TV series with George R. R. Martin as executive producer . Note : This did not happen overnight . It 's been nearly four years coming , '' Okorafor wrote on Facebook .
For his part , Martin is currently working on four ( possibly five ) potential Game of Thrones prequel series for HBO , where he is under an overall deal .
The Republic of Ploiești ( Romanian : Republica de la Ploiești ) was a revolt against the Romanian monarchy in the city of Ploiești , Romania , on August 8 , 1870 .
Background [ edit ]
Romanian liberal radicals of Ploiești and elsewhere were opposed to the new ruler of the country , Prince Carol of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen ( future King of Romania ) , and desired a republic to replace the monarchy established by the 1866 Constitution - the main argument being that a new constitutional system , viewed as more democratic , was to put an end to the partnership between the monarch and the Conservatives ( which had effectively blocked the Liberals out of government ) .
Although many Liberals had contributed to the creation of the `` monstrous coalition '' ( which had toppled Alexandru Ioan Cuza on February 22 ( February 11 O.S . ) , 1866 ) , the deep resentment of Carol 's politics , added to the perception that he had remained a foreigner linked to Prussia , had initially led to republican projects advocated by both the most left-wing Liberal faction ( the `` Reds '' , led by C. A. Rosetti ) and the Liberal leader Ion Brătianu , and ultimately led to `` coup d'état plans '' . At the same time , for many lower-level plotters , Cuza had arguably conserved his status image as both an anti-establishment social reformer and , given that his rule had preceded the Constitution , a quasi-republican political figure . Other , less prominent , factors included the revolutionary tradition inside the Liberal groups ( see : 1848 Moldavian Revolution and 1848 Wallachian Revolution ) , as well as the persistence of French models in Liberal rhetoric . Although references to French republicanism itself had been moving out of focus after the replacement of the Second French Republic with the Empire , the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War in July fueled the Liberals ' resentment of Prussia .
The leader of the Ploiești Liberals was Captain Alexandru Candiano-Popescu , who , in 1867 , as the owner of the newspaper `` Perseverenţa '' , had been arrested and had his newspaper shut down for anti-Carol articles which were interpreted as libel . Earlier in 1870 , when he was arrested for publishing articles in the newspaper `` Democraţia '' .
The conspiracy [ edit ]
On August 8 , two secret meetings of the Liberals were organized and Candiano-Popescu announced that he had information from Bucharest that the monarchy would be overthrown the next night , that all major cities were preparing for a revolt , and that a Romanian Republic would be proclaimed . He also assured them that the Republican movement had the support of major European powers and as such there would be no foreign invasion in support of Carol . Candiano-Popescu announced that he was to serve as the new prefect of Prahova County , and that Stan Popescu would be the new chief of the Ploieşti police ; further roles in the planned administration were assigned to each of the plotters .
That night everything went as planned : the chief of police and the Prefect were arrested , the telegraph station was occupied by Comiano and Guţă Antonescu , and Candiano-Popescu occupied the firehouse , wearing his captain 's uniform `` to look like he has more authority '' .
Just before dawn , Candiano-Popescu , armed with a revolver and with the help of another 40-50 persons , captured the telegraph operator , Grigore Iorgulescu . Although the latter was put under strict supervision , a couple of hours later his guards were inebriated , and he was able to send a telegram to Prime Minister Manolache Costache Epureanu 's residence in Bucharest , asking what the situation was there ( fearing that the coup had taken hold of the capital ) . The answer was that everything was calm and that there was nothing unusual happening . Iorgulescu then notified Epureanu of what had happened in Ploieşti .
Meanwhile , the plotters , who had occupied the post office , sent a telegram to Bucharest announcing that Prefect Candiano had the allegiance of the Ploieşti civilian administration and the military .
On the evening of 9 August , soldiers from Bucharest arrived at the Ploieşti train station and arrested the new `` administration '' , most of whom declared that they were not actually revolting , thinking it was just a party .
Aftermath [ edit ]
Thirty-six of the leaders of the movement were accused of `` revolt against the government '' . Many other leaders of the Liberals , including Ion Brătianu , Nicolae Golescu , Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu and Nicolae Creţulescu , were arrested under suspicion of having backed the conspiracy . The trials of the civilians who took part in the revolt were eventually moved to Târgovişte and , on October 17 , 1870 , they were found not guilty .
Republican projects faded out of the forefront during the following decade , when Brătianu and Carol reached a compromise which inaugurated a virtually unchallenged Liberal supremacy between 1876 ( when Brătianu became premier ) and 1889 . On the one hand , the monarchy was consolidated with Liberal approval ( the creation of the Romanian Kingdom in 1881 ) ; on the other , the Constitution was amended in 1883 to accommodate an electoral reform which extended representation and increased the voting power of Liberal electors .
Caragiale [ edit ]
The mundane aspects of the Ploieşti republican experiment became the subject of derision in literary circles associated with the conservative Junimea . Satires dealing with or alluding to the episode were created by Ion Luca Caragiale , who often used his prose to mock the bombastic tone of the Liberal press .
In his piece Boborul , Caragiale actually records the events , revisiting his experiences as a seventeen-year-old eyewitness ( and makes some unverifiable claims , such as having been created a deputy police commissioner by Candiano-Popescu , the latter being `` president of the Republic '' ) . His ironic account , centered on scenes of excessive drinking and a fête atmosphere , implies that the Republic would have actually functioned as a separate country :
`` In the space of our century , a very interesting state was born and ended , one that no scrupulous historian should ignore . I wish to speak of the Ploieşti Republic , a state which , although it has lasted only fifteen hours , has for sure marked a celebrated page in contemporary history . Born out of , through , and for the people , at around two o'clock in the morning of August 8 , 1870 , the young republic was smothered on the same day , around four o'clock in the afternoon . Never mind ! the greatness and importance of states are not judged by their extent and duration , but by the more or less brilliant role they have played in the universal system . ''
The word Boborul itself has since acquired popularity in Romania , and is used to ridicule perceived demagogy and its rhetoric . Its exact use in the piece forms the climax of the short plot , during the depiction of what Caragiale calls `` The Reaction '' . After having fallen asleep at his desk , the hungover Stan Popescu is rudely awakened by the group of officers charged with bringing back order , and answers to the short and direct question `` Who has placed you here ? '' with the mumbled `` boborul '' ( from poporul - `` the people '' ; translatable as `` the beoble '' ) .
Another famous reference introduced by Caragiale is D-ale carnavalului ( `` Carnival Adventures '' ) , where Miţa Baston , a hysterical woman , snaps at the man she believes is cheating on her :
`` Yes , [ ... ] I want to cause a scandal , yes ... since you have forgotten me , you have forgotten everything : you have forgotten that I am a daughter of the people and that I am violent ; you have forgotten that I am a republican , that in my veins runs the blood of February 11 martyrs [ in reference to the deposition of Prince Cuza ] ; [ ... ] you have forgotten that I am a Ploieşti native — yes , a Ploieşti native — buddy , and I shall pull you a revolution , but not just any revolution ... one to remember me by ! ... ''
Further pokes at the Liberals are taken in Conu Leonida faţă cu reacţiunea ( `` Mr. Leonida Faces the Reaction '' ) , a play centered on Leonida and his wife Efimiţa , an elderly and radical couple of the Bucharest petite bourgeoisie who , when listening to the noise of a street brawl while tucked into bed , interpret it to mean the start of a coup d'état against the Liberal government . Believing that , on some level , he would have to suffer the consequences of `` The Reaction '' , Mr. Leonida hatches out an escape plan :
`` We 'll walk to the train station on the other side of Cişmigiu , and sometime till morning we 'll catch the train to Ploieşti ... There , I sha n't be afraid anymore : I 'll be among my own kind ! all of them republicans , poor souls ! ''
Such harsh criticism was denied basis by several literary figures of another generation , those left-wing intellectuals centered on Poporanism , who viewed radicalism as traditional and important in the development of Romanian culture . In his Spiritul critic în cultura românească , Garabet Ibrăileanu depicted Caragiale as standing for the most extreme criticism of Romanian society , together with the more conservative Mihai Eminescu and the more leftist intellectuals associated with the Romanian Social-Democratic Workers ' Party . Although he considered Boborul to be a good piece of writing , he accused Caragiale of remaining one-sided : `` and [ what about ] the reactionary attitude , does it never lend itself to ridicule ? ''
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
Zico 's music video for “ Artist ” has recently come under suspicion of plagiarism .
The MV for “ Artist ” was released on July 12 along with his new album , “ Television. ” Soon after its release , people began pointing out similarities between the video and French singer-songwriter Jain 's “ Makeba , ” including scene transitions where the video appears to crumple up like paper and the use of animal print motifs .
“ Makeba ” was released last November and has previously been selected as “ Best of the Month ” on the video site Vimeo .
The music video director for “ Artist , ” Lee Gi Baek , spoke out through the agency Seven Seasons to respond to the allegations . On July 17 , he stated , “ The scene transition where the paper appears to crumple up is simply one method [ of transitioning between scenes ] . The part where the tiger is painted was included because it fit the video 's concept of ‘ Artist . ' ”
He went on , “ About the scene in the Japanese house in the forest , it 's not like we put in a random zebra . We put in a tiger because it is the symbol of the East . Even if we had consulted the video in question , the parts under suspicion are more like references than plagiarism . ”
He continued , “ In the world of video production , there are places were videos inspire each other . There are so many music videos in the world that there will be parts that overlap and parts where they inspire each other . But to call it plagiarism when in a four-minute video , two or three seconds resemble still shots from another video , I think that 's too severe towards Zico . ”
Do you think the two music videos are similar ?
Source ( 1 ) ( 2 )
November 4 , 2014 at 2:31 PM
Mount Rainier National Park is planning to raise entrance fees , as are other national parks around the country , as soon as 2015 .
Entrance fees at Rainier would increase to $ 25 for a vehicle pass good for seven days , up from the current $ 15 , park officials said Tuesday . Olympic National Park has proposed the same increase to a $ 25 entrance fee . There is no one-day vehicle pass available at either park , but there are significantly reduced entrance fees for the military , seniors , and people with disabilities . And , since the pass covers a vehicle , you can take a car full of people into the park for one entrance fee .
Camping fees at Rainier also would go up , to $ 20 per night for any park campsite . Current rates run from $ 12 to $ 15 per night which the park said are lower than at other nearby public and private campsites outside of Mount Rainier . ( See all the proposed Rainier fee increases below plus details on how the public can give the park comments . )
So far , in a Seattle Times poll linked to the Olympic National Park fee increase , Times readers seem to be taking the proposed increases in stride . The results from more than 600 replies :
— “ They 're OK. National parks need the money. ” That received 42.05 percent of the votes ( 254 votes )
— ” Fees are high enough . They should stay the same. ” 21.85 percent ( 132 votes )
— “ There should n't be any fees . The feds should fund parks. ” 36.09 percent ( 218 votes )
Here 's part of the statement issued by Mount Rainier about the fee increase :
“ With few exceptions , national parks across the United States have not increased entrance fees since 2006 . However , in order to provide funding necessary for key projects and programs , all 131 fee-collecting national park sites are now evaluating fee increases . The current National Park Service ( NPS ) fee program allows Mount Rainier to retain up to 80 percent of fees collected in the park . This revenue makes it possible for the park to provide many essential services , including repair and maintenance of visitor facilities , capital improvements , resource protection , and amenities such as the proposed online backcountry reservation system , in addition to supporting park entrance staff , maps , and brochures for visitors . ”
The public can comment on Rainier 's proposed fee increases either online through the NPS Planning , Environment and Public Comment website by Dec 31 . Or send comments by regular mail to : Superintendent , Mount Rainier National Park , 55210 238th Ave. East , Ashford , WA 98304 .
So apparently WGBH in Boston holds a televised high school quiz show , hosted by radio personality Billy Costa . During Brookline High School 's match-up against Advanced Math and Science Academy Charter School , which airs tomorrow , host Costa asks the Brookline team their favorite movie . It 's a question they must have been prepped on beforehand , because they all chose different Nic Cage films . Are we being ironic in loving the novelty value of Nic Cage movies ? ( * sigh * ) I do n't even know anymore . Anyway , between the Nic Cage love , the trivia , and the plaid shirt theme , I think it 's safe to say that me and these dudes could hang . Today they are all honorary FilmDrunkards .
Probably my favorite answer was the second guy , Jonathan , who looks and sounds not unlike a young Quentin Tarantino , describing his choice of Face/Off .
“ Nic Cage , he 's just really in his element . He switches faces . ”
That should be the DVR and Netflix review for Face/Off , from now until forever .
Relevant , for obvious reasons .
[ Clipnation ]
The Sunday Times have seen extracts of the damning statements , which were compiled by shocked police officers present at the meeting in Durban last month .
The affidavits have been filed with public protector Thuli Madonsela .
The police officers state that , on March 5 , Mkhwanazi told the meeting that he would take to the `` grave '' details of the shooting by an elite special task force , which he headed at the time - unless called to testify at an inquiry .
Madonsela is contemplating an investigation . Her spokesman , Kga-lalelo Masibi , said : `` The public protector is not in a position to comment about the fate of the police commissioner . ''
Her office added that a decision on the investigation would be made this week .
This week , Mkhwanazi refused to comment . But his spokesman , Brigadier Lindela Mashigo , said there was another version to the story .
`` Please note that , as it should be obvious to you , there is another side to this story , namely the version of the acting national commissioner , '' he said . He refused to provide the Sunday Times with Mkhwanazi 's version .
It 's believed the incident occurred after 2005 , when Mkhwanazi became head of the elite special task force .
Mkhwanazi headed the force , which he commanded for six years , before his appointment as acting national police commissioner in October last year .
Extracts from affidavits given to the public protector by DA police shadow minister Dianne Kohler Barnard confirm Mkhwanazi 's admission .
One read : `` Mkhwanazi then unequivocally confessed to being present when this deceased was arrested 'unarmed ' and then later shot and killed in his presence , and to date has done nothing about it . ''
Said another : `` He mentioned an incident where the subject was neutralised wrongfully in his presence ... he was part of that operation where a suspect was murdered in cold blood . ''
Each of the nine accounts contains similar allegations , and all corroborate Mkhwanazi 's refusal to sign a statement after the killing .
`` He stated that he will go to his grave with that incident , as he refused to make a statement , '' wrote another officer .
None of those who authored the affidavits have been identified for fear of reprisals , after Mkhwanazi recently vowed to fire those responsible for leaking a report to the Sunday Times that revealed more than 27000 officers were incompetent to handle firearms .
The affidavits were compiled by junior and senior cops with ranks `` across the board '' , said Kohler Barnard . She added the statements were signed and notarised , and the originals given to Madonsela 's office .
She said : `` The acting national police commissioner must be suspended with immediate effect . ''
This comes four months after a Sunday Times investigation exposed an alleged police hit squad operating in KwaZulu-Natal .
The shocking exposé revealed that the Organised Crime Unit at Cato Manor operated as an alleged hit squad , executing suspects and then holding booze-fuelled parties .
About 51 suspicious killings have been linked to the alleged hit squad , which has since been closed down by police top brass .
Following the meeting on March 5 , Mkhwanazi led a delegation to the family of killed taxi boss Bongani Mkhize , who was allegedly gunned down by the Cato Manor unit in 2009 , and promised to act against police brutality .
Two weeks ago , he released a statement saying : `` Such officers must face the full brunt of the law , and their incarceration must be a reminder to other police officers of the consequences of abusing their powers . ''
In October , when the Sunday Times compiled a profile of Mkhwanazi shortly after his appointment , a former task force operative , who asked not to be identified for security reasons , conceded that Mkhwanazi , who joined the police service in 1993 , had personally joined major raids and the unit 's signature operations to ambush criminals during robberies .
`` He has been on the ground outside a lot , so you can say he 's an action man , '' the operative said .
`` It 's just hard for me to see how [ Mkhwanazi ] has the experience to run the entire police force . ''
The special task force has rescued scores of hostages under Mkhwan-azi 's command and used unorthodox methods to catch criminals .
In December 2007 , 11 cash-in-transit robbers were shot dead by his crack team in an incident close to the Carousel casino near Pretoria .
Former colleagues describe him as a man who hates bureaucracy and `` red tape '' and is suspicious of the media .
Mkhwanazi - who is trained in the use of explosives , holds bomb-disposal certification and has completed a counter-terrorism course with the FBI in the US - also said : `` What I know best is fighting crime . ''
Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa has previously defended his appointment , hailing him a `` tried-and-tested cop '' who had `` excellently distinguished '' himself .
This followed criticism of President Jacob Zuma for installing Mkhwanazi in the hot seat after national commissioner General Bheki Cele was suspended .
`` For the record , the minister at the time the acting national police commissioner was appointed was stating the commissioner 's policing career CV because some in society had questioned his credentials , '' said Mthethwa 's spokesman , Zweli Mnisi .
Many have predicted that 2017 will be the biggest year ever for mixed martial arts and ONE Championship are certainly holding up their end of their bargain in Asia .
It has been announced today that ONE will be returning to the Impact Arena in Bangkok , Thailand on March 11 and headlining the fight card will be ONE woman 's Atomweight World Champion Angela Lee who is set to defend her title against rising star Jenny Huang .
The organization first entered the market last year in May with their show ONE : Kingdom of Champions . Less than a year later , ONE are returning for their second event and this time they are bringing one of their biggest stars to top the bill .
`` Our last event in Bangkok was absolutely epic and we ca n't wait to tell our fans that we are going to do it all over again next March , '' Victor Cui , CEO of ONE Championship said . `` We have an amazing main event planned for you guys as Angela Lee is set to defend her ONE woman 's Atomweight World Championship against rising star Jenny Huang .
`` Fans will also not want to miss the promotional debut of Thailand 's first female mixed martial artist , Rika 'The Smiling Assassin ' Ishige . ''
Lee of Waipahu , Hawaii is considered one of the promotion 's most promising young prospects and became the youngest ever MMA world champion back in May last year .
Lee , 20-years-old , has roots in Singapore and combines her training at both United MMA in Hawaii and Evolve-MMA in Asia . Despite her tender age , Lee has proven that she has both solid striking and grappling skills and currently has a perfect 6-0 professional record .
In her last bout , Lee captured the inaugural ONE woman 's Atomweight World Championship with a brave victory over Mei Yamaguchi which many talked about as one of the best fights of 2016 . Lee will now make the first defense of her title against Jenny Huang when she fights for the first time in Thailand in March .
25-year-old Huang hails from Taiwan and also has an unbeaten record as a professional with five wins and no losses .
Three of Huang 's wins have come via submission and in her most recent bout she executed an extremely rare gogoplata submission against the Filipino fighter April Osenio . Huang will no doubt be a dangerous opponent for ONE Championship 's golden girl Lee , but will she be able to overcome the pressure of being involved in her biggest fight to date ?
Both these unbeaten fighters will put their perfect professional records on the line on March 11 in this much-anticipated title fight . it 's going to be one not miss .
Just how severe the N.C.A.A . 's sanctions will be is unknown . ESPN and Yahoo both reported bowl bans of multiple years and significant scholarship losses , though neither specified .
Photo
In an interview last week with PBS , Emmert said Penn State had demonstrated egregious conduct in covering up Sandusky 's behavior for more than a decade . Emmert did not rule out invoking the N.C.A.A . 's power to impose the so-called death penalty to shut down Penn State 's football program . That appears unlikely now , as sources at multiple programs on Penn State 's schedule this year say they have not been informed that their games against the Nittany Lions will be canceled .
Sandusky , Paterno 's longtime defensive coordinator , was convicted last month of sexually assaulting 10 boys whom he had befriended through a charity he founded to work with troubled youths .
Whatever the penalties , Penn State is welcoming a poor recruiting class and a roster that the Big Ten Network recruiting analyst Gerry DiNardo calls “ not one of their stronger rosters of recent years. ” DiNardo added that the most significant action the N.C.A.A . could take is a multiple-year bowl ban that would give players the freedom to transfer .
“ U.S.C . has had scholarship reductions , and they 're poised to win the national championship because their 75 are better than most programs ' 85 , ” DiNardo said , referring to overall rosters . “ If you allow multiple classes of your roster to transfer , which is what a long bowl ban would do , that would be the most significant penalty next to the death penalty . ”
There has been debate throughout the collegiate sports community on whether the N.C.A.A . is going beyond its jurisdiction to punish Penn State for actions not directly tied to its bylaws . In normal circumstances , the N.C.A.A . would wait for criminal cases involved in the situation to unfold , as Athletic Director Tim Curley and the vice president Gary Schultz face charges tied to the case .
Lou Prato , who has written several books about Paterno , said he wished the university had waited to take down the statue until the criminal cases played out .
Photo
“ We have men waiting trial , ” Prato said . “ Everybody seems to think they know the full truth . They do n't . People are making judgments based on a lot of information put out there . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Penn State scandal led to the removal of the university 's president and the firing of its legendary football coach , Paterno . A report commissioned by Penn State 's board of trustees and compiled by Louis J. Freeh , a former F.B.I . director , found a series of failures all the way up the university 's chain of command that it concluded were the result of an insular and complacent culture in which football was revered .
Earlier Sunday , a work crew arrived before dawn and used jackhammers and a forklift to remove the statue of Paterno from its spot outside the Penn State football stadium . The statue , which was taken to an undisclosed location , had become an object of scorn after the release of the Freeh report , which detailed Paterno 's involvement in covering up child sexual abuse accusations against Sandusky for more than a decade .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Penn State 's president , Rodney Erickson , made the final decision about the statue 's removal .
“ I believe that , were it to remain , the statue will be a recurring wound to the multitude of individuals across the nation and beyond who have been the victims of child abuse , ” Erickson said in a statement . “ I fully realize that my decision will not be a popular one in some Penn State circles , but I am certain it is the right and principled decision . ”
In a statement , the Paterno family said the statue 's removal “ does not serve the victims of Jerry Sandusky 's horrible crimes or help heal the Penn State community . ”
The statue 's sculptor , Angelo Di Maria , said he was “ hurt ” by the removal of the statue but understood the decision .
“ As reality sets in and I 'm considering more and more of both sides , how can you argue ? ” he said .
Sports centres , libraries and museums in the North-east are facing the threat of closure because of a “ devastating ” multi-million-pound rates bombshell .
Local authority leaders have signalled that they will have little choice but to scale back the provision of facilities and services if the Scottish Government backs a “ catastrophic ” overhaul of business rates next month .
Sport Aberdeen , which operates the city council 's leisure facilities and programmes , would be forced to pay a “ totally unsustainable ” additional £800,000 a year .
The organisation warned of a “ devastating impact ” on services if the proposals in the Barclay Review of the non-domestic rates ( NDR ) system in Scotland are rubber-stamped .
The review recommended the removal of a rates exemption for charitable trusts , including these “ arms-length ” organisations ( ALEOs ) , which were established by local authorities to operate services independently .
Aberdeen City Council co-leader Douglas Lumsden said : “ The prospect of losing this rates exemption is looming large over bodies like Sport Aberdeen , which are having a hugely positive effect on communities .
“ An increase in costs on this scale would be totally unsustainable , and the reality is that it is the council that will be left to pick up the tab .
“ It is difficult to see how we can continue to maintain the same level of provision without more support . ”
A paper outlining the “ catastrophic implications ” of the changes is due to be presented by ALEOs this week to Mr Mackay ahead of next month 's Holyrood budget .
Alistair Robertson , Sport Aberdeen managing director , said : “ While there would be a risk that some facilities would close , removal of vital back-office support staff around business development , wellness and physical activity would have a devastating impact on the company . ”
A Scottish Government spokesman said : “ Discussions around the budget are continuing and no decisions have been made . ”
A man was shot in the leg by a suspect following him in a red Mustang down County Road 7 in Elkhart County .
Police responded to the report of a man shot at the 50000 block of CR 7 in Elkhart County at 4:27 p.m. Saturday .
The 23-year-old man , identified Monday as Matthew J. Smiechowski of Elkhart , reported that he had been driving west on CR 4 in his black Dodge Charger and was being followed by a red Ford Mustang .
The driver of the Mustang reportedly shot at the Charger , so Smiechowski fled north on CR 7 .
The driver of the Mustang then fired multiple rounds at the Charger , striking Smiechowski in the left leg .
The driver of the Mustang continued north on CR 7 .
The victim headed south on CR 7 and called police . He was transported to Elkhart General Hospital .
Bristol police located the driver of the Mustang around 4:45 p.m. and attempted to stop the vehicle .
The Mustang fled north into Michigan and crashed with another vehicle at the intersection of South River Rd . and US 12 .
The suspect was flown to Memorial Hospital in South Bend for life threatening injuries .
The other driver involved in the crash had non-life threatening injuries .
Police continue to investigate both the shooting and the crash .
ISLAMABAD : The government has approved 97 natural gas expansion schemes worth more than Rs37 billion on the recommendations of members of parliament , most of whom belong to the ruling party 's political base — Punjab .
The 97 schemes were all approved after the prime minister recently relaxed a moratorium on the expansion of gas supply schemes in Punjab . Twenty schemes were either meant for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Balochistan and Sindh — where expansion schemes can be undertaken due to their higher shares in gas production — or were announced directly by the prime minister during his public meetings in certain constituencies .
According to Article 158 of the Consti­tution , titled ‘ Priority of requirements of natural gas ' : “ The province in which a well-head of natural gas is situated shall have precedence over other parts of Pakistan in meeting the requirements from the well-head . ”
But the remaining 77 schemes — recommended by MNAs of the PML-N — were all meant for Punjab . Of the total amount , schemes worth Rs27.23bn would be implemented through indirect funding , while those worth Rs7.6bn would be financed by direct funding through block allocations and the Public Sector Development Programme ( PSDP ) , which will be spent by Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited ( SNGPL ) .
More gas connections worth Rs2.3bn are also being implemented under the Sustain­able Develop­ment Goals ( SDGs ) , which includes Rs315 million to be spent by Sui Southern Gas Company Limited ( SSGCL ) and Rs2.01bn by SNGPL .
A government official said a summary for ex-post facto approval of these schemes was included in the agenda of the federal cabinet meeting scheduled for March 24 , which was later postponed . But the government had already started releasing funds for the gas expansion schemes , he said . For example , Rs2.225bn under the SDG head had already been transferred to the executing agencies — SNGPL and SSGCL — while schemes worth Rs200m are still under process .
Interestingly , it is the Lahore-based SNGPL and Punjab in particular that is facing an acute gas shortage , particularly in winter months . This is evident from the fact that Punjab produces only three per cent , 121 million cubic feet per day ( MMcfd ) of the country 's total natural gas and consumes about 42pc , 1,154MMcfd to be precise .
Compared to this , Sindh produces 2,511MMcfd , about 64pc of all domestically-produced gas , and consumes around 1,256MMcfd , or 46pc . Likewise , Balochistan has 17pc ( 680MMcfd ) in gas production against its 2pc ( 51MMcfd ) consumption . KP on the other hand has a fairly equitable share both in gas production and consumption of 10pc and 9pc , respectively .
A report on the 97 schemes approved by the prime minister showed that the largest allocation of Rs3.2bn had been set aside for NA-18 , the constituency of Deputy Speaker Murtaza Javed Abbasi .
This is followed by Rs2.4bn for NA-21 where retired Capt Mohammad Safdar — the prime minister 's son-in-law — is the local MNA . The third largest allocation is for NA-19 , the constituency of Babar Nawaz Khan . All three constituencies are located in the Hazara division of KP . The largest allocation in Punjab of Rs1.73bn was for schemes in Sheikhupura 's NA-136 , where Chaudhry Bilal Virk was elected .
Seven schemes of various sizes were announced by the prime minister himself or were approved directly by his office .
Prominent non-PML-N beneficiaries of gas schemes include Maulana Fazlur Rehman , federal Minister Akram Khan Durrani , Zaffar Durrani , former prime minister Zafarullah Jamali , Awami National Party Senator Zahid Khan , KP Chief Minister Pervez Khattak and Aftab Sherpao .
The prime minister also approved the recommendations of Petroleum Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi , Water and Power Minister Khwaja Asif , Minister of State for Education Baleeghur Rehman , Health Minister Saira Afzal Tarar , Defence Production Minis­ter Rana Tanveer , Punjab 's Population Minister Begum Zakia Shahnawaz , Parliamen­tary Affairs Minister Sheikh Aftab Ahmed , parliamentary secretary Syed Saqlain Shah , Human Rights Minister Kamran Michael , Kashmir Affairs Minister Birjees Tahir , Law Minister Zahid Hamid and Minister of State for Power Abid Sher Ali .
Others include Waseem Ahmad Sheikh , Mohammad Amjad Faooq Khosa , M. Arshad Khan Laghari , Waheed Alam Khan , Rana Mohammad Hayat Khan , Rana Mohammad Ishaq Khan , Sardar Mohammad Irfan Dogar , Afzal Khokhar , Ghulam Rasul Sahi , Mian Shahid Khan Bhatti , Rao Mohammad Ajmal Khan , Mumtaz Tarar , Mian Mohammad Farooq , MPA Rana Mahmoodul Hasan MPA , Mohsin Ranjha , Talal Chaudhry , Senator Baz M. Khan , Dr Imran Khattak , Bashir Virk , Mian Javed Latif , Rana Zahid Husain Khan , Mehdi Bhatti , Khalid Javed Warraich , Ammar Chaudhry , Azhar Qayyum Nahra , Moeen Wattoo , Raja Javed Ikhlas , Gohram and Chaudhry Nazeer .
Published in Dawn , March 27th , 2017
Image via Instagram/Facebook/Twitter
Controversy Erupts After Celebs Support Keaton Jones
Many times these days , viral moments involve some sort of scandal , embarrassment , wrong-doing , police violence , or shaming . However , this weekend , we witnessed a viral trend that was about empathy , compassion and humanity .
A young boy named Keaton Jones took the internet by storm after his mother posted a video of him crying after being cruelly bullied by kids at his school .
Black celebrities by the dozens began to send Keaton words of encouragement and special invites to be his buddy against his bullies , but then , things started to go left…
That viral video of # KeatonJones talking about being bullied is heartbreaking , and I feel sympathetic towards that child .
But his mom , Kimberly on the other hand , is a suspected racist who makes very problematic posts bullying Black protesters # TheIrony pic.twitter.com/NUhidunP8z — Tariq Nasheed ( @ tariqnasheed ) December 11 , 2017
Keaton and his family live in Tennessee and they are a HARDCORE redneck , confederate-flag-waving , likely-Trump supporters and that begged the perfectly valid question…
Do you think all the black celebs , athletes etc reaching out to Keaton will change his racist family 's views on black lives ? Serious question . — XXXTensions ( @ eleven8 ) December 11 , 2017
Y'all think they gon na take the confederate flag off their lawn now that they see how compassionate black people are ? Or y'all think they 're gon na pretend they did n't see it ? — XXXTensions ( @ eleven8 ) December 11 , 2017
Some felt a type of way…
No , and quite frankly they 're doing the most reaching out in the first place . I 'm pretty sure they can go to their local schools and help with the kids being there . But everybody wan na be trendy . Smh — Carl Franklin ( @ CrlFrnkln ) December 11 , 2017
…some did n't .
Idc about that it 's not ok for people to do that idc what your beliefs are . https : //t.co/zzgm5C6LPZ — JR Smith ( @ TheRealJRSmith ) December 11 , 2017
What say you ? Is there really something wrong with comforting a young boy despite his family 's deplorable values ?
Hit the comment section to discuss and flip the page a few times to see the famous faces who reached out to offer their support .
John Resner , a film editor and director , was sitting next to Gemma Bond , a dancer with American Ballet Theatre , at a wedding when they got to talking about their mutual desire to show ballet in a new way—without the tiaras and tutus , but with the sweat .
“ I wanted to take ballet off the stage and strip away some of the artifice and the theatrical lighting and costumes , and showcase the pure physicality of it , ” Resner says . “ That 's something not many people get to see unless you happen to be engaged to one of the ABT dancers and can just pop into rehearsal. ” ( Conveniently , Resner is engaged to ABT corps de ballet member Lauren Post . )
In Stella & Tom , a collaboration between Resner and Bond , who choreographed the pas de deux featured in the film , ABT members Thomas Forster and Stella Abrera perform to “ Depuis le jour ” from the Gustave Charpentier opera Louise at the window-filled Ailey studios . “ We wanted to have the city almost be another character , ” Resner says . “ And then really it 's a love story : It 's two people falling in love on the best day ever . ”
Bond , who has recently started choreographing—later this year , she 'll work again with New York Theatre Ballet—originally created the pas de deux for Devon Teuscher and Calvin Royal III , who were competing for the Erik Bruhn Prize . “ I loved working with them , ” Bond says . “ It was only one performance , but I was really proud of this ballet , and that was probably the first time I was proud of something that I 'd done . ”
The ballet has been slightly altered for film , but the biggest difference comes down to casting . After Teuscher could n't dance due to an injury and Royal had to be somewhere else the day of the shoot , Cory Stearns , opposite Abrera , stepped in . But the night before the shoot , he found himself stranded in Florida . Bond quickly asked Forster to take his place .
“ Tom learned it overnight , and we worked on it as we were filming , ” Bond says . “ That 's another element that is really special . It is n't a polished piece ; not everything is perfect in it . It 's more like if you were in the studio , and you see these little things—somebody stumbles . Of course the dancers hate that , but the whole reason is to get a more realistic view of ballet , rather than it being polished and filmed from afar . ”
The collaborators call the film Stella & Tom , because they want it to be about the dancers . “ It 's a prop for showing how Tom is moving and how close you have to be , ” Bond says . “ It 's not about showing the choreography . It 's more about the technique and how they interact with each other. ” Capturing intricate partnering was integral to Resner . “ You see something onstage and it 's a totally different experience than when something is right in your face , ” he says . “ When you watch a full-out run-through of something , they 're panting . You can see their muscles ripple . Men are lifting women in the air with one arm and making it look like magic . It just blows my mind how special that is . ”
Geary Bus Rapid Transit is set to speed up bus travel times along Geary Boulevard by as much as 15 minutes , a major boon to transit riders .
But some merchants on Geary Boulevard fear construction will sink their businesses .
David Heller , president of the Greater Geary Boulevard Merchants circulated a flyer in red , proclaiming “ LOOK , Watch Muni kill jobs on Geary Blvd. ” The flyer is an attempt to garner opposition to Geary BRT to attend a Thursday meeting about Geary BRT at Cathedral of St. Mary of the Assumption .
The meeting is part of the public comment period for the draft environmental report of the Geary BRT project , San Francisco County Transportation Authority spokesman Eric Young said .
“ They can ask questions , they can provide comments , either to a court reporter there or on comment cards , ” he said .
As the San Francisco Examiner previously reported , the 38-Geary and 38-Geary Rapid carry 55,000 passengers a day . That 's about as many people who ride all of Caltrain daily ( 58,245 passengers ) . But soon Geary Bus Rapid Transit will transform the streets to allow the 38-Geary to behave like a train .
Geary Boulevard will gain side bus-only lanes under the project and some center bus-only lanes . But in order to construct that and the train-like bus stops , construction may disrupt some businesses .
The true number of merchants who feel Geary BRT will impact them is hard to gauge . Though Heller 's flyer describes the project as one that “ crushes ” businesses , Young said the construction impact may only last a handful of months .
The construction , he said , would be completed in segments with “ a duration from roughly one to five months depending on the work that needs to be in that segment . ”
If utility work is included in the upgrade , for instance , construction will be on the longer side , Young said .
There are many mitigation measures for the construction , he said . “ One is mitigating access , ” he said . “ There 'd always be crosswalk and sidewalk access , which means street access . There 'd be one lane or two lanes preserved throughout construction . ”
“ We 're not talking about closing a section of Geary and completely rerouting traffic , ” he said .
Shlomit Heller , co-owner of SF Beauty Network on Geary ( and wife of David Heller ) , is also sounding the alarm .
“ I 've been a merchant for 29 years , ” she said , but “ for 15 minutes saving time they 're going to disrupt our world . ”
“ We wo n't be able to survive , ” she said .
Community members are invited to provide comment on the draft environmental impact report of Geary BRT by emailing the SFCTA at gearybrt @ sfcta.org .
Click here or scroll down to comment
Hailing from Chicago and Australia and currently on tour with Jezabels , Kevin Pariso and Joel Witenberg -- who go by the band name Surf Rock Is Dead -- are set to make a splash with new single `` In Between , '' and it 's premiering exclusively on Billboard .
“ It 's a song about going back to where you 're from and not feeling like you belong anymore yet not feeling perfectly in place where you currently are , '' Pariso told Billboard .
With it 's high-reverb guitar riffs that resemble the rolling waves and a sad undertone to the lyrics , `` In Between '' embodies the beachiness of their namesake 's genre through a new-wave filter .
`` In Between '' also gives a taste of a salty coast infused with bleached beats of haze and modern surf music that makes you feel the need for the track on repeat . The pulsing drums are what keep you on your feet even though you 're euphorically lost in a trance .
Listen to Surf Rock Is Dead 's `` In Between '' below :
Following its sold-out premiere at the 2016 Glasgow Film Festival , Hamish – Robbie Fraser 's much-anticipated documentary about Scottish cultural colossus Hamish Henderson – will tour cinemas across Scotland from the 3rd June .
Hamish Henderson ( 1919-2002 ) was a hugely influential part of Scotland 's cultural scene , a man of boundless passion and curiosity whose poems continue to elevate and inspire a nation .
Hamish pays tribute to the many contrary forces and diverse facets of Henderson 's life as a poet , soldier , intellectual , activist , songwriter and leading force of the revival of Scottish folk music .
From an English orphanage and the draughty corridors of Cambridge to overseeing the capitulation of the Italian army in WWII and penning the most celebrated Scottish ballad in contemporary folk music “ Freedom Come Aa Ye ” , this is Henderson 's life told by those who knew him best and loved him most .
14 years in the making , this heartfelt look at one of modern Scotland 's proudest sons weaves golden archive footage with the loving testimony of Henderson 's family , friends and colleagues .
“ It 's been a privilege to work on a film about Hamish Henderson ” says Robbie . “ He 's a wee bit lost right now , faded from view . But he needs to be re-cemented into the Scottish imagination as a poet , a maker and an inspirer of people .
It is a very emotional film , and that comes in part because the story is told only through the words of people who knew him personally over many years . I 'm pretty much the only person on the production who did n't know him , and I wish I had . He was clearly a benevolent , adored and empowering cultural force . ”
“ I knew Hamish when I was a student at Edinburgh University ” says the film 's writer Kevin MacNeil . “ I found him and his colleagues such as John MacInnes and Margaret Bennett so inspiring I dropped my plans to study English Literature and took a degree in Scottish Ethnology instead .
It was a particular coup to hear from Hamish 's widow and daughters what living with Hamish and his influence has been like . What emerges is an honest and fascinating portrait of a complex and enormously influential man . ”
Hamish is produced by Bees Nees Media ( Glasgow ) . It is supported by MG Alba , BBC Alba and Creative Scotland . The key contributions were filmed in Edinburgh in the autumn of 2015 , including filming in the legendary folk institution Sandy Bell 's .
The film 's original soundtrack is composed by Jim Sutherland , himself hugely influenced and encouraged by Hamish Henderson .
The film owes a great debt to the Hamish Henderson Estate and to Tim Neat for sharing many previously unseen writings , photographs and memorabilia .
HAMISH Cinema Release Dates
See www.facebook.com/HamishMovie for details
Aberdeen Belmont 2-8 June
GFT Glasgow 3 , 4 & 5 June
Macrobert Stirling 3-7 June
Perth Playhouse 3-7 June
Edinburgh Filmhouse 3-8 June
Eden Court Inverness 3-9 June
An Lanntair Stornaway 4 June
The Tower Helensburgh 4 June
DCA Dundee 5 June
Grosvenor Glasgow 6-9 June
Aros Portree 9 June
Way Out West Cinema @ The Ceilidh House , Glenelg 10 June
Robert Burns Centre Dumfries 10-12 July
Screen Machine Tour of the Highlands and Islands
Lochmaddy 11 June
Daliburgh 16 June
Liniclate 19 June
Tarbert ( Harris ) 21 June
Fort Augustus 1 July
Fort William 2 July
Lochaline 7 July
President Donald Trump . Thomson Reuters A senior White House official asked the State Department in March to assess if sanctions on Russia were harming US interests and whether lifting them would increase Russia 's oil production and therefore help the American economy , according to emails reviewed by The Daily Beast .
The inquiry , made by Kevin Harrington , a top National Security Council strategist , indicates the White House was looking for an economic reason to lift sanctions imposed by President Barack Obama in 2014 as punishment for Russia 's annexation of Crimea and in 2016 for its election-related meddling .
It would be at least the second attempt by the White House in under two months to get the State Department to review the sanctions . The administration looked into easing or lifting the sanctions just days after Trump 's inauguration , according to reports by Yahoo News and NBC last week .
Both inquiries appeared to show a willingness to lift the sanctions unilaterally . But Harrington 's reported request was arguably bolder in its timing and tone : Former national security adviser Michael Flynn , who hired Harrington , had resigned one month earlier over his conversations with Russia 's ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak . And Harrington apparently already knew what he wanted to hear .
`` He asked us to 'determine whether US national interests were being harmed by sanctions on Russian oil , which were bad for the world economy and therefore bad for the US economy , ' '' a former US official who fielded Harrington 's request told The Daily Beast .
Another official told the publication that Harrington `` was very aggressively pushing this out of the gate . ''
`` Apparently , there was not only interest from a geopolitical perspective , but also a sense that it would open up major opportunities in Russian energy projects in eastern Russia , post-sanctions , '' that official said .
The State Department told Harrington in an email that he had it `` backwards '' and that Russian oil production `` competes with US tight oil production at prices above '' $ 50 a barrel , according to the report .
Neither the State Department nor the National Security Council returned a request for comment .
The revelation that Trump prioritized a review of the sanctions during his first week in office — and that a top NSC staffer was still looking for a reason to lift them as recently as late March — comes as the FBI scrutinizes his campaign 's contacts with Moscow . There has been speculation over whether there were any improper conversations between Trump associates and Russian officials about lifting sanctions and whether they were related to Russia 's election meddling , which was designed to aid Trump 's candidacy .
Flynn reportedly assured Kislyak in at least one phone call during the transition period that the Trump administration would review the sanctions Obama imposed . And The Washington Post has reported that Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , met with Kislyak in December and proposed setting up a secret back-channel line of communication to Moscow using Russian facilities .
Harrington was a close friend of Ezra Cohen-Watnick , a Flynn ally , according to the Daily Beast report .
Around the same time Harrington reportedly looked into lifting sanctions , Cohen-Watnick came under scrutiny for his reported role in briefing Rep. Devin Nunes , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , on classified intelligence documents , which Nunes later said showed that Obama administration officials had surveilled Trump 's associates .
H.R . McMaster , the current national security adviser , tried to fire Cohen-Watnick earlier that month , but Cohen-Watnick appealed the decision to Kushner and White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon , according to Politico . Trump then decided that Cohen-Watnick could stay on .
Tom Malinowski , who stepped down as Obama 's assistant secretary of state for human rights on January 19 , told Business Insider last week that he had been shocked to hear that the administration was considering `` giving the Russians exactly what they wanted in exchange for absolutely nothing . ''
But he said he was not too surprised when he learned that Trump had explored lifting the sanctions so early on .
`` The one thing Trump has been consistent about for the last year is his strange attraction to Putin , '' Malinowski said . `` One expects new presidents to move rather quickly on the things that are most important to them . ''
Eight firefighters spend four hours on dramatic high-tech rescue of baby kitten flushed down the toilet by toddler
A two-day-old kitten in Australia was dramatically rescued by eight firemen over the course of four hours after the pet was flushed down the toilet by his toddler owner .
Alannah Merleto , three , had a habit of flushing things down the loo so when her mother Ammie asked her where the kitten was she feared the worst .
'Down the toilet , ' the little girl replied .
Saved : Cain the two-day-old kitten is plucked from the drainage pipes after his owner Alannah Merleto flushed him down the toilet
Habit : Alannah , three , often flushed items down the toilet according to her mother and has now promised not to take Cain anywhere near the bathroom
Their Sydney home was turned upside down as the family searched for the kitten .
It was then that they heard the tiny cries coming from the pipes under the house .
' I did n't know what else to do , so we rang the fire brigade , ' said Mrs Merleto .
No less than eight firemen turned up and , using a camera on an 80ft long chord , they were able to see the kitten on a small monitor .
It was stuck well and truly in a bend in the pipes , where there was just enough air for survival .
It was not going to be a simple operation , but the firemen assured little Alannah and her mother that they would do their best .
First , they dismantled the toilet then went under the house to smash through a concrete slab with jackhammers .
It was four hours before they were able to reach the part of the pipe where the small cat was trapped .
They cut their way through - and out came the kitten - a soggy moggy but otherwise none the worse for wear .
Relief : Ammie Crofts cries as the tiny kitten is pulled out of the drain at her Sydney home Team : Eight firefighters were involved in the rescue and smashed through flooring to access the pipes
High tech : Firefighters pushed a tiny cable at the end of a cord down into the pipes to pinpoint where Cain was
The Merletos decided to name the kitten Cain , after the fireman who led the rescue operation .
'Cain actually worked as a plumber before he joined the fire brigade , so he was certainly a handy member to have on the crew , ' Superintendent Ian Krimmer of the New South Wales Fire Brigades told Sydney 's Daily Telegraph .
As for Alannah , she has promised her mother she 'll never take the kitten near the toilet again .
The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Chicago Bulls . All opinions expressed by Sam Smith are solely his own and do not reflect the opinions of the Chicago Bulls or their Basketball Operations staff , parent company , partners , or sponsors . His sources are not known to the Bulls and he has no special access to information beyond the access and privileges that go along with being an NBA accredited member of the media .
It 's Comeback III for Derrick Rose starting Monday in Las Vegas with the USA Basketball World Cup team training camp . Yes , it 's Roman numerals now because it is that significant .
And it 's also time to begin setting the record straight regarding Rose .
He 's joined an elite group in NBA history , stars who have been demeaned in their own community . For Rose , it seems to be for a combination of being injured ( the nerve ) and a specious view that he is self-absorbed and does n't want other great players on the team . So he does n't openly recruit . It 's nonsense , of course , but an apparent culmination of community disappointment in Rose 's personal injury misfortune and perhaps personal fortune .
In any case , he 's hardly the first .
Magic Johnson was under siege in Los Angeles when the view was he was dictating management decisions . Oscar Robertson was effectively run out of Cincinnati in a management whispering campaign . And they burned pretty much everything of LeBron 's but his mansion after he left Cleveland . Uneasy wears the crown .
No one owes Rose an apology ; and Rose is hardly asking .
I find myself much more upset than he is .
It 's not that he does n't care about community reaction . It 's just that he is a mature young man and understands you can not please all the people . A presidential mandate is 51 percent of the 57 percent who turned out to vote . You do your best when you can , and Rose believes his time is coming . First with USA Basketball this summer and then a return to the Bulls backcourt this season with a team many believe can compete for a championship with the impressive list of offseason addition .
So what was the issue ?
It first was The Non Return , aborted Comeback I after Rose 's May 2012 ACL surgery .
The initial prognosis was a recovery period of from eight to 12 months .
We 've now seen with many examples that a 12-month recovery with an ACL injury is not unusual . Danilo Gallinari has been out more than a year . Rajon Rondo was out a year . So were Nerlens Noel and Robbie Hummel with similar ACL tears .
Rose at his first press conference before the start of 2012-13 training camp said he could be out all season but expected to return . The Bulls said they would err on the side of caution . However , anonymous reports began to surface regularly in a season long waiting game of Rose returning in February , then after the All-Star break , then in early March , then with Amelia Earhart . Talk radio and the media were ablaze with bulletins and lookouts . Who would see Rose first ? Rose never was truly ready , though perhaps shooting on the court before games did n't help the public perception . The end of that regular season was 11 months following surgery . Now we know that it 's normal to be out up to 12 months and even longer after ACL surgery even in this era . And you do n't ease into a Miami playoff series after 12 months off .
So when Rose did n't play in 2013 , the community reaction became fierce and often critical in some places . Like Rose , who we 've seen basically lives to play ball , did n't want to play . And do exactly what ? More rehabilitation . Sure , that 's fun .
Then came the much anticipated Comeback II , first in Indianapolis in the 2013 preseason and then until Portland Nov. 22 when Rose tore the meniscus in his other knee . Instead of the surgery where the meniscus is cut and the rehabilitation is shorter , Rose was advised because he was young to take the longer , more conservative route , which would be a six to seven-month rehabilitation . So , again , Rose was not about to return in late May after not having played and then walk into an intense playoff situation . And , as it happened , the Bulls were eliminated from the playoffs long before then .
So , again , amid pockets of community frustration blame oddly went toward Rose . Not tough . did n't want to play , prima donna . Lots of silly , mean spirited stuff . Like he wanted to be injured . Yet , here was a player who actually played through seven different injuries in the 2011-12 season . Now he does n't want to play ? Rose , to his credit , never responded and never expressed any anger . If anything , he showed his sophistication by always saying he understands the frustration .
Yet , there was still time for another misjudgment , this time that Rose would n't recruit players to help the team . It was not only inaccurate , but irresponsible . But it , nevertheless , became community acceptance in some corners . After all , does n't it elevate you if you can demean someone so rich and talented ?
The truth is Rose was taking the best advice to be a leader of a championship team .
Rose never has been a natural , vocal leader , but someone more comfortable leading with his actions on the court . But the NBA ethic is to have the best players take charge . So Rose in his first seasons sought out advice from some of the top leaders in sports . One was the New York Yankees ' Derek Jeter . Jeter relayed that one thing you never do is recruit an outside player because its basically a statement to your teammates that you do n't want them . And then what happens if the player does n't come since virtually all recruiting attempts end in failure ? Remember , Dwyane Wade really did n't recruit LeBron . LeBron chose Miami .
Did it make any difference to Carmelo Anthony that Kobe Bryant or Joakim Noah begged for him to join their teams ?
So Rose heeded the advice . He let players know he 'd support his teammates no matter who they were . He said it 's management 's job to hire the players ; it 's his job to help make them better .
Ironically , it was Michael Jordan often at odds with management for trying to recruit players to replace his teammates . That caused a lot of early issues with Scottie Pippen and Horace Grant , whom Jordan was suggesting be replaced .
Rose , instead , tried to do what was right and moral : Support your team and management , be a leader . It was the advice from Jeter . It 's why you never heard Jeter lobbying management for other free agents . Can you call for replacements and then look your teammates in the eye and say you have their back ? That 's another reason why Jeter wore the label of captain with so much support .
It 's not that Rose was n't trying to help the Bulls get better ; it 's that he was trying to do all he could to continue to create a cohesive , supporting team .
If that earns the enmity of critics , well , then Rose understands . It 's about the guys in that locker room , as we so often hear .
The USA camp will be Rose 's first high level basketball competition since tearing the meniscus . He will be among 19 NBA players seeking to make the roster of 12 for the quadrennial competition in Spain starting in late August . Rose was a member of the last gold winning USA team in the World Cup—then called the World Championships—in 2010 when he led the team in assists while averaging 7.2 points , mostly as a playmaker and facilitator .
Because of his torn ACL in the 2012 playoffs , Rose missed a chance to compete with the 2014 USA Basketball Olympic gold medal winning team .
But if USA Basketball commits to its standard of building equity as a method of team unity , then Rose should definitely be a member of the 12 for the tournament . There have been several top U.S. players to withdraw , including Kevin Love , LaMarcus Aldridge and Blake Griffin . Atlanta 's Paul Millsap was added Sunday with the dearth of big men . As a result , Spain 's team featuring new Bull Pau Gasol along with brother Marc , Serge Ibaka and Ricky Rubio is the favorite for the gold medal .
Russell Westbrook also withdrew . Still , it 's a strong point guard group with Kyrie Irving , Damian Lillard , Stephen Curry and John Wall the other point guards in camp . It would seem among that group Rose should be the leader as all are scoring oriented point guards . With shooting guards like James Harden , Bradley Beal , DeMar DeRozan and Klay Thompson , the team needs a distributor at point guard and Rose seems the most likely choice given his experience leading the team in the 2010 tournament . It would be a shocking development and a blow to USA Basketball 's “ equity ” program of getting credit for sticking with the program and credibility if Rose were left off the team . Especially since he 's done everything USA Basketball asked , including a 2008 select team role .
At the close of the Las Vegas camp , the team will play an intrasquad game Friday at the Thomas & Mack Center on the UNLV campus . They will have a two-week break and then pick up in Chicago for two days of training and an Aug. 16 exhibition versus Brazil in the United Center . Then there will be exhibition games against the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico in Madison Square Garden Aug. 20 and Aug. 22 . The team then goes overseas with a 12-player roster likely set after the New York games . The tournament concludes in mid-September .
It 's possible Taj Gibson could get a late call as well depending on how the young big men fare this week . Bulls rookie Doug McDermott will play for the select team practicing against the players trying to make the USA team . Bulls guard Jimmy Butler left the select team Sunday with a groin injury . Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau is an assistant for the team . Former Bull Kyle Korver also is among those competing for a place on the 12-player roster . But much of the focus , at least early , will once again be on Derrick Rose . He 's accustomed to that by now whether good or bad .
click to enlarge Bert Johnson/File photo
Nan gyi thoke .
click to enlarge Bert Johnson/File photo
Tacos at Taqueria El Paisa @ .com .
click to enlarge Bert Johnson/File photo
A Kronnerburger with a side of marrow .
click to enlarge Bert Johnson/File photo
The pescado a lo macho rewards the patient diner .
Bert Johnson/File photo
Pleasantly sogged .
A knife is a relatively simple tool — a piece of solid metal ( or some other hard material ) with a sharp edge and sometimes a piercing point . Other details such as the metal composition , heat treat , and blade profile will dramatically affect its durability and cutting performance , but at the end of the day it 's still a sharp piece of metal . However , over the years , a few designers have tried thinking outside the box to develop knives which can deal more damage to a specific type of target .
A few of these unconventional knife designs have utilized compressed gas . Ballistic knives , for example , have used compressed air or CO2 to fire a blade a short distance from the handle . Outside video games and movies , the effectiveness of ballistic knives is dubious to say the least . But there 's a second type of knife that uses compressed gas — the injection knife .
The WASP Injection Knife is designed to inject high-pressure gas into a wound cavity through a hole in the blade , rather than using gas to propel the blade forward . This is said to expand and freeze the wound , inflicting more damage to the target . On WaspInjection.com , the knife 's manufacturer states :
“ This weapon injects a freezing cold ball of compressed gas , approximately the size of a basketball , at 800psi nearly instantly . The effects of this injection will drop many of the world 's largest land predators . The effects of the compressed gas not only cause over-inflation during ascent when used underwater , but also freezes all tissues and organs surrounding the point of injection on land or at sea . ”
These are some bold claims , but how does the knife 's injection system fare in reality ? Unsurprisingly , there does n't appear to be any video footage of SCUBA divers stabbing sharks with the WASP , but several YouTubers have tested the knife on ballistic gel , plastic bottles , and watermelons to show how the system works :
More videos of the knife in action are available here and here . One downside to this knife is that it can only inject CO2 once before the handle must be unscrewed and a new cartridge must be installed . Also , it 'll set you back $ 500 for standard models , or $ 600 for the larger WASP Bowie model .
So , what do you think of this unconventional injection knife ? Tell us your opinion in the poll below .
'The notion that inflation will pick up in the near-term is completely out of the picture , ' said one analyst
The US economy has begun to deflate for the first time in more than half a century as a slump in demand pushes energy and food costs lower .
The consumer price index fell at an annual rate of 0.4 % in March , the first decline since August 1955 , figures from the US labour department showed today . It was bigger than the 0.1 % drop expected by economists .
Compared with the previous month , consumer prices dipped by 0.1 % .
The decline was mainly caused by lower energy costs , which offset a surge in tobacco prices , the biggest since 1998 . If energy and food costs are excluded , the annual inflation rate stands at 1.8 % .
Energy costs fell by 3 % on the month and gasoline prices were down 4 % . Food and housing costs both edged down by 0.1 % .
`` It reinforces the deflationary fears that the Fed has been voicing , '' said George Davis , currency strategist at RBC Capital Markets .
A 2.4 % fall in hotel room rates and a 0.2 % decline in clothing prices reflected the weakness of consumer demand . But David Buik at BGC Partners pointed out that with `` oil prices now stable at close to $ 50 a barrel , there is no near-term prospect of a further substantial decline in energy prices '' . He does not think that the latest figures signal the beginnings of widespread deflation this year .
Certainly , inflation is no longer an issue .
`` The notion that inflation will pick up in the near-term is completely out of the picture , '' said Peter Kenny at Knight Equity Markets in New Jersey . `` Now we 're looking at numbers that speak to recession without the prospect of inflation . ''
The figures came as the head of Wal-Mart said that he still saw a `` lot of stress '' in the economy and did not anticipate a quick end to the recession . `` It 's not a ' V ' recession , where we 're just going to bounce out and come back , '' Mike Duke said on NBC 's Today Show .
His comments contrasted with those of Barack Obama and Ben Bernanke , the head of the US central bank , who made a concerted effort yesterday to talk up the prospects for the American economy despite fresh evidence of the squeeze on consumer spending . US retail sales unexpectedly fell last month .
`` With the unemployment rate and the output gap both headed for 10 % and the financial system still crippled , the risk of a pernicious debt-deflation emerging [ where the collateral on loans decreases damagingly in value ] is still much bigger than the risk that the Fed 's quantitative easing actions will lead to runaway inflation , '' said Paul Ashworth , senior US economist at Capital Economics .
Britain is also on the brink of deflation . Inflation as measured by the retail price index , which is used as a basis for wage negotiations , was zero last month but failed to turn negative as the City had predicted .
( Image : Adam James/Alamy )
Is war in our blood ? Perhaps not , if you believe a controversial new study that suggests violence in primitive cultures is overwhelmingly the result of personal squabbles , rather than organised violence between two different groups . The finding contradicts the popular view that humans have evolved to be innately warlike .
In recent years , many anthropologists and evolutionary biologists have come to believe that warfare arose deep in humans ' evolutionary past . In part that is because even chimpanzees exhibit this kind of intergroup violence , which suggests the trait shares a common origin . Proponents of this view also point to the occurrence of war in traditional hunter-gatherer societies today , such as some notoriously quarrelsome groups in the Amazon , and hence to its likely prevalence in early human societies .
Yet the archaeological record of warfare in early humans is sketchy , and not all contemporary hunter-gatherers make war .
Advertisement
In a bid to resolve the issue , Douglas Fry and Patrik Soderberg of Åbo Akademi University in Vasa , Finland , turned to the Ethnographic Atlas , a widely used database that was created in the 1960s to provide an unbiased cross-cultural sample of primitive societies .
From this , Fry and Soderberg selected the 21 societies that were exclusively nomadic hunter-gatherers – groups that upped sticks to wherever conditions were best – without livestock or social class divisions . They reasoned that these groups would most closely resemble early human societies .
Hello , sailor
The researchers then sifted through the early ethnographic accounts of each of these societies – the earliest of which was from the 17th century , while most were from the 19th and 20th centuries – and noted every reference to violent deaths , classifying them by how many people were involved and who they were . The records include accounts of events such as a man killing a rival for a woman , revenge killings for earlier deaths , and killing of outsiders such as shipwrecked sailors .
The pair found that in almost every society , deaths due to violence were rare – and the vast majority of those were one-on-one killings better classified as homicides than as warfare . Indeed , for 20 of the 21 societies , only 15 per cent of killings happened between two different groups . The exception was the Tiwi people of northern Australia , where intergroup feuds and retaliatory killings were common .
Fry and Soderberg say this suggests that warfare is rare in such primitive societies and may instead have become common only after the rise of more complex societies just a few thousand years ago . If so , then warfare would have likely played only a minor role in human evolution .
Anecdotal evidence
Not everyone agrees . For one thing , the data set Fry and Soderberg used is essentially a collection of anecdotes rather than a systematic survey of causes of death , says Kim Hill , an anthropologist at Arizona State University in Tempe . They are relying on the people who originally noted down these events to have included all the important details .
Moreover , they focus only on nomadic foragers and exclude any sedentary foraging societies – groups that would have foraged from a permanent base . Yet these sedentary foragers would probably have occupied the richest habitats and so would have been most likely to be involved in wars over territory , says Richard Wrangham , an anthropologist at Harvard University .
Fry and Soderberg are probably correct that most violent deaths are the result of homicide , not warfare – that was even true for the US during the Vietnam War , says Sam Bowles at the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico . He has put forward the idea that altruism evolved out of the need for our ancestors to cooperate during times of war . But even if warfare is relatively uncommon , it can still exert an important evolutionary force , he says .
Journal reference : Science , DOI:10.1126/science.1235675
HANNITY 'S “ TICK TOCK ” REVEALED : Obama Ensured Uranium Exportation — Ignored Glaring National Security Fears ( VIDEO )
The Hill 's John Solomon and Circa News ' Sara A. Carter joined Fox News host Sean Hannity on Thursday evening . They revealed former President Obama ensured the exportation process of uranium to Canada went through amid fears the Russians would put U.S. national security at risk with a pump and dump scheme .
All the while , the FBI knew of the criminality Russian energy executives were engaged in amid the Clinton-Uranium One deal approval process .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=JUKzoqpAebM & t=29m36s
Below is a partial transcript of the exchange between Hannity and Solomon .
HANNITY : “ Barack Obama purposely manipulated the process to allow this trucking company to be the conduit by which they got the uranium out of the country . Tell us what you found. ” SOLOMON : “ Yeah , there was n't just one decision , we look at Uranium One and say we let them buy the mine and 20 % of the ore that was being mined at that time under their control . But there was a series of decisions made by the Obama administration time and time again , between 2010 and 2012 that are incredibly favorable to Russia 's ROSATOM , the state owned nuclear energy industry , time and again these decisions are being made while the FBI knows that there is criminality going on by that company 's executives ” HANNITY : “ The bribery , exhortation , money laundering , the racketeering , and so on. ” SOLOMON : “ Yeah , kickbacks . And there 's a second thing that I 'm just starting to report on now . There were concerns in the Obama administration that were very specific concerns that Russia was engaged in a Uranium scheme that it was going to get enough control of uranium , dump it on the market , drive all the prices down – “ HANNITY : “ Wow ! SOLOMON : “ And put all the other people out of business . Those are two legitimate national security concerns that do n't seem to have had an effect on all these give aways . ”
On Wednesday , Hannity warned a damning report on Obama would be released today . The Fox News host delivered once again .
https : //twitter.com/seanhannity/status/925864225859342336 ? ref_src=twsrc % 5Etfw & ref_url=http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com % 2F2017 % 2F11 % 2Fhannity-warns-big-news-obama-tomorrow-tick-tock % 2F
This Time , UFC Legend Forrest Griffin Fights Homophobia and HIV
The Ultimate Fighting Championships may be best known for takedowns , tapouts , and TKOs , but the mixed martial arts organization is working hard to become a heavy hitter in the world of HIV education as well .
In October , the UFC announced it had partnered with the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada – a.k.a . the Center – for a new HIV awareness campaign titled “ Protect Yourself at All Times. ” The campaign has been rolled out in the weeks leading up to today , World AIDS Day , and was designed to specifically raise awareness of the virus among people under 30 .
When UFC Hall of Famer Forrest Griffin heard about the campaign he knew he wanted to be involved , but he was even further motivated after learning HIV infection rates were on the rise in young people as well . “ I grew up in a different era , ” Griffin says . “ People were definitely afraid of HIV back then , but education also helped change the way we thought about the disease . That education helped my generation make smarter choices about the way we protected ourselves . I was surprised to learn HIV infection rates were on the rise in young people , and I wanted to help change that . ”
Griffin , who is one of the spokesmen for the campaign , says he feels complacency about HIV is an undeniable contributor to the rising infection rates in young people . “ People do n't talk about HIV like they used to , ” he says . “ Because fear of the disease has lapsed , we 've sort of forgotten about it . But HIV is still out there and we 've got to instill the importance of protecting yourself in a generation who did n't see the terrible effects of the disease in the '80s and '90s . ”
As a part of to Protect Yourself at All Times campaign , several UFC athletes and personalities have been lending their muscle by visiting centers nationwide that offer free HIV tests and educational initiatives . Public service announcements across a variety of media outlets are also in the works , and the UFC will fully support the Center 's LGBTQ+ program , which offers free HIV tests to the wider Las Vegas community .
In addition to furthering awareness of HIV , Griffin views the UFC 's partnership with an LGBT organization like the Center as an opportunity to fight homophobia in sports as well . “ I think anyplace people can be themselves is a good thing , ” Griffin says . “ I went to the groundbreaking of the Center years ago , and I 've been the UFC 's representative at many events there . I 've met so many cool people at the Center over the years , and if my involvement in this can help open people 's mind , even better . ”
Though the partnership is the first of its kind for the UFC , the MMA organization has been actively working toward leveling the field for LGBT athletes and fans as well . The sport embraced fighter Liz Carmouche after she revealed she was a lesbian , and fans have playfully nicknamed themselves “ Lizbos ” in a show of support . The UFC has also suspended fighters for the use of antigay slurs , and UFC President Dana White has encouraged gay fighters to come out . “ It 's a continuation of something that started a long time ago , ” says Griffin . “ Gay , straight , whatever — none of that actually matters when you 're fighting someone . Not what you have in your bank account , what you drive , what sex you are , none of it . I think that 's the message the UFC has been trying to push . ”
Griffin says he 's proud to be a part of an organization that 's attempting to make positive change in sports , but he 's aware there is a lot of work ahead before homophobia is a distant memory . “ It 's long been a problem , ” he admits . “ But I 'm not just talking about the UFC — I mean homophobia in sports in general and athletes sometimes say really stupid things . That 's why I think it 's great to see there are even commercials being played during the Super Bowl educating people about saying ‘ that 's gay ' and how it can be offensive to gay people . When I was younger it was something we never thought about , and I 'd like to think that most people who 've said that kind of stuff do n't hate gay people , it was just a term that was in use . But it 's only by hearing how it can affect people that we realize how those things can really cause a lot of hurt . ”
Throughout his career , Griffin has also been a coach and mentor to many aspiring UFC fighters , and while the sport has yet to gain its first out male mixed martial artist , he expects the UFC will greatly benefit from any athlete who is brave enough to be the first . “ I know not everyone would receive him well , but I think it would be best if some male fighter did come out , ” Griffin says , adding some words of encouragement for anyone who may be contemplating opening up publicly about being gay . “ Of course , like anything else , it 's going to be hard to be the first to do something — to be in that category by yourself . But that being said , others will follow later . Whoever that person ends up being , they are going to be a mentor to a lot of other people by setting an example . And my thing is , nobody should have to hide who they are . If you have to lie about yourself to anyone , they are n't worth having in your life . ”
Photo
New York 's senior senator , Chuck Schumer , has cast his lot with Republican presidential candidates , other hardliners and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in declaring his opposition to the nuclear agreement that President Obama and five other world leaders negotiated with Iran . Given Mr. Schumer 's wrong-headed and irresponsible decision , Democrats may want to reconsider whether he is the best candidate to be their next leader in the Senate , a job he desperately wants .
In addition to being the third-ranking Democratic leader in the Senate and a major party fund-raiser , Mr. Schumer is Congress ' most influential Jewish member . His choice could affect the votes of other lawmakers who are wavering . Whether to support the nuclear deal is the most consequential foreign policy decision facing lawmakers since the Iraq war and opponents are waging a fierce multi-million dollar campaign to defeat it .
Mr. Schumer is a smart man and a clever politician but his arguments for opposing the agreement are no more convincing than those put forward by other opponents . While supporters of the deal , including the major powers and most nuclear experts , acknowledge it has weaknesses , the fact is , it offers strong and unprecedented curbs on Iran 's nuclear activities .
In his announcement , Mr. Schumer worried about “ the very real risk that Iran will not moderate and will , instead , use the agreement to pursue its nefarious goals is too great. ” In fact , no arms control agreement should depend on governments moderating their behavior – certainly those signed by the United States and the Soviet Union did not – and that 's a major reason why the strict controls stipulated in this agreement must be put in place to prevent Iran building a weapon . In addition , Mr. Obama has repeatedly promised to push back against Iran 's aggressive moves in the region , like arming the Houthis in Yemen , and to reinforce security cooperation with Israel and Arab states in the Gulf . There are ways Congress can make sure he does that .
Any opponent of the deal bears a responsibility to propose a credible alternative but Mr. Schumer has repeated the same fanciful talking points that Mr. Netanyahu and the Republicans have espoused . “ Better to keep U.S. sanctions in place , strengthen them , enforce secondary sanctions on other nations , and pursue the hard-trodden path of diplomacy once more , difficult as it may be , ” Mr. Schumer said . Such suggestions ignore the fact that the major powers are more likely to abandon the sanctions altogether if the United States reneges on the deal and to refuse , along with Iran , to reopen negotiations .
The announcement landed at an odd moment when public attention was focused on Thursday 's raucous Republican presidential debate . Mr. Schumer 's aides said he planned to declare his position on Friday but a news leak forced him to make the announcement sooner .
Mr. Schumer 's decision is far more consequential than anything the Republicans had to say ( those who were given the chance to address the Iran nuclear issue on Thursday were opposed ) and far more dangerous if it means the agreement , expected to be voted by Congress in September , fails .
A spokesman for Mr. Schumer said the senator would not only vote for a resolution to disapprove the nuclear deal but would also vote in favor of overriding Mr. Obama 's veto of the resolution “ if it comes to that. ” The House , which is expected to act before the Senate , could rescue Mr. Schumer from having to take that step if , as some predict , opponents there can not muster the two-thirds majority needed to override a presidential veto . In that case , no Senate action is needed .
Spy Shots : 2019 Ram 1500 Testing Split Tailgate
A Photoshop rendering of what the 2019 Ram 1500 split tailgate could look like . ( Photo : Glenn Paulina/Trucks.com )
A dual-function split tailgate option may be coming to the 2019 Ram 1500 .
The pickup truck , set to debut at the Detroit auto show in January , was spotted testing the new design near Fiat Chrysler Automobiles ' headquarters in Auburn Hills , Mich . The tailgate is attached to an early prototype , indicating the feature has undergone extensive testing ahead of its reveal .
The 2019 Ram 1500 would be the first pickup truck to offer a split tailgate . It allows the gate of the truck to be opened in multiple ways .
The gate will lift up and down like any conventional pickup , but it will also swing out in a 60/40 split . Owners can then walk right up the end of the bed for easier access , loading and unloading . They can also climb inside without first stepping onto the folded gate .
It is unclear how the tailgate will operate . Spy photographs of the truck 's interior have shown a complicated key fob that could control the split tailgate function .
The split tailgate will likely be offered as an optional feature on the 2019 Ram .
FCA also has tested an up-level trim of the 2019 Ram 1500 with a different front fascia design . This model boasts headlights that are surrounded by design accents and more integrated into the front grille . The grille itself is made of longer , uninterrupted horizontal slats . There are also integrated tow hooks .
The grille on the new design appears to cut into a section of the headlights that housed LED accents in previous spy shots . It may indicate these models use different lights .
The new look could belong to the Ram 1500 Limited or Laramie , two upscale model trims that are indicative of the demand for high-priced pickup trucks . The average transaction price of a full-size pickup rose more than 20 percent from 2012 to 2016 , according to market research firm J.D . Power . In September , Ford Motor Co. unveiled a new Super Duty Limited trim that can approach prices of $ 100,000 .
The new Ram is expected to feature numerous updates compared with its current model . In addition to the split tailgate and modern interior , the truck will take a new shape with chiseled styling . It has also abandoned the signature crosshair grille . New badging and eye-catching taillights bring a high-tech look to the truck .
Ram has also experimented with interesting combinations of parts for a future 1500 Rebel off-road truck .
Read Next : Trucks Lead Soaring Automotive Transaction Prices
Learn more about Specs & Pricing
Research
Less than two weeks after operatives of the Tin-Can Island Command of the Nigeria Customs Service , NCS , busted a syndicate that smuggled over 1,000 weapons into Nigeria , another container containing guns has been apprehended .
The container was shipped into the country ​from Turkey ​by the same gang .
Customs in a statement made available to DAILY POST ON Thursday said the guns were found in a 20ft container with No . CMAU189817/8​.​
The statement quoted Colonel Hammed Ali , the Comptroller-General , as narrating how the Terminal Operator quarantined the flagged container for stricter analysis .
“ It was transferred to the enforcement unit , where 100 % examination revealed 470 pump action rifles as against elbow plumbing plastics on its bill of lading ” , it said .
“ Importer of this deadly cargo is Great James Oil and Gas Ltd , while the vessel is MV Arkas Africa owned by Hull Blyth .
“ This discovery brings to a total of 2671 rifles seized within the last eight months of this year .
“ While the audacity of these criminals to think that they can succeed in smuggling these dangerous weapons into the country successfully remain worrisome , the consolation is that , the new Nigeria Customs Service is now more responsive and capable of meeting the challenges posed by these criminals .
“ This is what the present Government requires of all citizens . We must rise up and remain vigilant to deal decisively with the enemies of the Nation .
“ As our seaports become increasingly impenetrable , we suspect they may want to try other entry points . Let me assure Nigerians that the Service is presently at CRITICAL ALERT following my directive to all Customs Area Controllers yesterday . We will do all in our powers to further secure this country .
“ The policy of reward for good deeds and punishment for those who compromise will continue in the Service under my leadership .
“ Since this container belong to the same importer of the 1,100 rifles , the ongoing investigation will be reinvigorated to fish out all those directly or remotely connected with these dangerous importers​ , ​ ” ​ the Customs boss vowed.​
EDIT : Its over guys ! The Shield is still our top pick at any price , but it is no longer £99 🙁
We 've voted the Shield our best all-round cordcutting device and we think its great value at £150 . But today only , if you 're a Prime member ( and if your not , you can get a 30 day trial for free ) you can get the Shield for only £99 !
( Note : If you 're in the US , and are sad about missing this deal , Check out the Shied offer HERE and the Shield Pro with extra controller bundle will be $ 110 off at 11:55am EST
To find out why we love the shield , check out our review here
Click the link below to get the offer ! The price shows at £99 on Amazons page .
More Prime Deals :
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Ahead of President Donald Trump 's visit to Phoenix , Arizona , on Tuesday , there is speculation that Trump might use the speech as an opportunity to pardon former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , a national face of anti-immigration sentiment . Arpaio was recently convicted of contempt of court for disregarding a judge 's order to stop his discriminatory anti-immigration patrols , and he now faces up to six months in jail , with sentencing scheduled for October .
The president told Fox News on August 14 that he was “ seriously considering ” pardoning Arpaio . “ Is there anyone in local law enforcement who has done more to crack down on illegal immigration than Sheriff Joe ? ” Trump said during the interview . “ He has protected people from crimes and saved lives . He does n't deserve to be treated this way. ” Three Republican congressmen from Arizona—Reps . Trent Franks , Andy Biggs , and Paul Gosar—have called on Trump to pardon Arpaio . But Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton , a Democrat , said that if Trump announces a pardon at the rally , “ it will be clear that his true intent is to enflame emotions and further divide our country . ”
The White House did n't respond to a question about whether Trump was planning to issue the pardon , and Arpaio said he has n't heard about an impending pardon but would be “ honored by the potential pardon ” and would accept it , according to the New York Times . Arpaio told Politico that he 'd be available for the Tuesday night rally if called upon .
If Trump follows through with the pardon , he 'd be helping to legitimize the actions of a man who was “ exalted into a symbol for white supremacists , white nationalists , neo-Nazis , and seen as an icon to that ideology , ” Rep. Raul Grijalva ( D-Ariz. ) told reporters in a conference call on Monday .
Ahead of Tuesday night 's rally , it 's worth remembering how Arpaio landed in legal trouble . Mother Jones , in a piece previewing Arpaio 's tough reelection bid , laid out the basics of the situation last September :
The sheriff could face criminal charges after US District Court Judge Murray Snow , appointed by George W. Bush , ruled August 19 that Arpaio and another senior sheriff 's deputy ignored court orders , lied to the court , and withheld information in a racial profiling case dating back to 2007 . The case , Melendres v. Arpaio , was filed by a group of Latinos in Maricopa County targeted by sheriff 's deputies for illegal-immigration sweeps during traffic stops . In 2011 , Snow ordered Arpaio and his deputies to quit detaining suspected undocumented immigrants who had not broken any state laws . In 2013 , Snow ruled that Arpaio and his deputies had discriminated against Latinos and also that Arpaio had violated the 2011 order in part to bolster his popularity during the 2012 election . In May this year , Snow ruled that Arpaio had continued to arbitrarily detain Latinos based solely on immigration suspicions and held him in civil contempt , which left the door open for a criminal contempt referral that took place on August 19 . Now the US Department of Justice will determine whether to criminally charge Arpaio with contempt of court , a crime punishable with up to six months in prison . In the middle of all this , Arpaio 's attorneys hired a private investigator to investigate the judge 's wife after a tipster told Arpaio that Snow 's wife said that Snow wanted to get Arpaio out of office .
Arpaio went on to lose in November , ending his 24-year run as , in his own words , “ America 's Toughest Sheriff. ” During his time in office , Arpaio 's anti-immigration actions cost Arizona taxpayers at least $ 142 million in legal fees , settlements , and court awards , according to an analysis by the Arizona Republic .
Slate ran through just how bad Arpaio 's anti-immigration tactics were , as laid out in a 2011 report by the Department of Justice :
Many of Arpaio 's worst abuses are documented in a 2011 Justice Department report on the sheriff 's office . At the time , a DOJ expert said that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling he had ever seen . The agency found that Arpaio 's deputies had consistently targeted and harassed Latinos , pulling them over far more frequently than non-Latinos . Arpaio 's office initiated “ immigration-related crime suppression activities ” when 911 callers complained about Spanish speakers and individuals with “ dark skin. ” It conducted immigration sweeps that routinely violated the Fourth Amendment . And in many instances , officers detained lawful Latino residents for hours , days , or weeks based on fabricated or exaggerated charges .
Those individuals unfortunate enough to languish in the county jails , which Arpaio 's office operated , suffered grievously . Arpaio 's deputies allegedly put Spanish-speaking inmates in solitary confinement to punish them for not understanding English . They also refused to accept requests for basic daily services that were written in Spanish and pressured Latino inmates into signing deportation forms . The vast majority of inmates in these jails were Latinos detained on suspicion of being undocumented . Jail staff regularly referred to Latino inmates as “ wetbacks , ” “ Mexican bitches , ” and “ stupid Mexicans. ” A federal judge ruled twice that Arpaio 's deputies unlawfully deprived detainees of food and medical care , and tortured inmates who were on psychotropic medication by locking them in unbearably hot solitary confinement cells , which caused an increased risk of heat-related illness . The 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed that these practices violated the Eighth Amendment 's bar on cruel and unusual punishment .
While federal courts have considered Arpaio 's behavior illegal , the former sheriff 's anti-immigration zealotry endeared him to Trump during last year 's presidential campaign . Arpaio was a featured speaker at last year 's Republican National Convention and a Trump surrogate on the campaign trail . That loyalty to Trump might end up sparing Arpaio from serving jail time .
In its efforts to revive the development of its wearable technology , Google has renamed its Google Glass as Project Aura , according to Business Insider .
A source familiar with the project details told the publication house that Project Aura will remain within Google instead of being a separate company under the new Alphabet holding company or being folded into the Nest smart appliances business . Moreover , the source added that Nest CEO Tony Fadell will continue to have high-level oversight of the project . However , the future course after Nest becomes a separate Alphabet company remains uncertain .
“ Google is working on a new wearable technology effort known as Project Aura and is hiring consumer electronics experts from Amazon 's secretive Lab 126 to jump-start the new group ” , the report said .
The new Aura group not only offers a much-required re-branding to the torn Glass image but also makes the way for a broader scope of wearable technology initiatives which will help Google to compete against Facebook , Apple and Microsoft .
On his LinkedIn profile , Dmitry Svetlov , a software development manager who joined Aura in August from Lab126 , described the project as “ Glass & beyond ” and said the team is “ building cool wearables ” , according to The Wall Street Journal .
The project is being run by Ivy Ross , who earlier ran the Glass project . She reports to Tony Fadell , a person familiar with the situation told WSJ .
Sunset Shimmer as Bucky Barnes / The Winter Soldier
Well , it took a LOT of time to do , but here we have the next pic for the EGMCU ! ! Hope you all enjoy it , because I had a lot of fun with this one ! Choosing Sunset Shimmer for this part was a fairly easy decision , especially since Flash Sentry is Captain America ! Seeing that Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes were friends way back when , Bucky became a villain who stood against Steve , and later becomes a helpful part of his team , I quickly felt that Sunset Shimmer is perfect for the part since it 's very similar to the movies.Hope you all enjoy this ! Fun fact is that my brother , who is a really big weapons guru , helped me create her firearm to the most accurate depiction it could be . Granted , it 's not perfect , but it 's better than nothing , right ? Comment and enjoy ! ! Masked Version : Sunset Shimmer © DHX Media and HasbroThe Winter Soldier © copyright Stan Lee and Marvel
It 's not very hard to make a vegan jerky recipe , as you will read here . There are many easy methods to make vegan jerky without a dehydrator or anything fancy , you just need to have a bit of patience . You can make vegan jerky from tempeh , tofu , mushrooms – you name it . It is crucial to dehydrate your ingredients and then just spice it . We also have some great BBQ vegan sauces that will make your mind blow when you eat your jerky . I personally love to always have jerky in my kitchen because I love snacks and this is a great way to replace my usual snacks like almonds , peanuts , or crackers . It 's spicy too ! So here are 6 delicious vegan jerky recipes ( I have recently added one more than bonus- it 's great , last recipe on list ! )
Shiitake Mushrooms Vegan Jerky
Ingredients :
8 oz shiitake mushrooms
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 Tbsp allspice
1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
1/8 tsp black pepper
2 Tbsp agave syrup
2 Tbsp soy sauce
2 tsp sesame oil
1 tsp liquid smoke
2 oz vital wheat gluten
1 Tbsp seasoned rice vinegar
1 Tbsp molasses
olive oil spray
Directions :
Preheat the oven to 425ºF . Gently clean the mushroom caps with a damp cloth . In a food processor , combine the mushrooms , garlic powder , allspice , cayenne , black pepper , and agave syrup . Add soy sauce , sesame oil , and liquid smoke . Process until soft and mushy . Add the vital wheat gluten and process until it begins to form a dough . You should be able to form it into a ball , without it sticking to your hands . Roll the dough into a rectangle , and roll until very thin and flat . Using a very sharp knife , slice the jerky into 2″ strips . Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet , and spray the top side lightly with olive oil . Bake for 35 minutes . Flip the strips over . Spray the top side lightly with olive oil again , and bake for another 15 minutes . Remove from oven and allow the jerky to cool before eating .
Eggplant Jerky
Ingredients :
2 medium sized Japanese eggplant
2 Tbsp apple cider vinegar
2 Tbsp sesame oil
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp onion powder
1 tsp agave syrup
1/2 tsp liquid smoke
Directions :
Wash and slice eggplant 1/4 inch thick , leaving skin on . Mix remaining ingredients together in a small bowl . Dip eggplant in marinade and set aside , making sure both sides are coated . In a dehydrator or in an oven , dehydrate on 125 degrees for 3 hrs . If texture is not chewy enough at that point , leave for additional time , checking every 5 minutes .
Tofu Jerky
Ingredients :
Tofu
Vinegar , either malt or apple cider
Liquid smoke
Hot Sauce
Soy Sauce
Honey
Some veggie Oil
Garlic Salt
Salt and Pepper
Directions :
First step is to drain the tofu . Drain the tofu by wrapping the block of tofu in a clean cloth or paper towel , then placing it on a clean plate with another clean plate on top . Add some weight on top of the plate , such as a bag of flour or a couple canned goods . This will force the water out of the tofu , and keep your vegan jerky from being soggy . Let it sit like this for at least one hour , but up to overnight . Cut the tofu into thin strips , then place them in a large zip-loc bag . Add all the remaining ingredients . Close the bag and shake gently to coat the tofu in the marinade . Leave it in the fridge overnight . Preheat the oven to 200 . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper , and arrange tofu in a single layer . Bake for 2 1/2 hours to dehydrate . Cool before serving .
” Oatmeal ” Jerky
Ingredients :
1 packet instant oatmeal ( single-serving size )
1/2 cup apple juice
1/2 cup Teriyaki sauce
2 Tbsp Olive oil
1 tsp liquid smoke
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1 lb soy protein
Directions :
Mix apple juice and oatmeal together . Add all remaining ingredients , except the soy protein and combine . Set aside for 15 minutes . Add the soy protein and mix well . Turn mixture into a blender or food processor and process until a dough forms . Roll dough out on a flat surface to 1/4″ thickness . Cut the dough into strip . Use a dehydrator to dehydrate the jerky strips for 3-4 hours , or bake in the over for 2 1/2 hours at 200 degrees .
Sriracha Tofu Jerky
Ingredients :
½ lb . extra firm tofu
2 tbsp soy sauce
1 tsp apple cider vinegar
½ tsp liquid smoke
2 tsp sriracha , or hot sauce of choice
¼ tsp . garlic powder
1/4 tsp onion powder
Directions :
Drain your tofu and pat dry . See previous tofu jerky recipe above for directions on how to properly drain the tofu , if you have not done this before . Cut the tofu into very thin slices – ¼ ” thickness . Mix all remaining ingredients together in a small bowl . Brush the marinade over both sides of the tofu slices . Arrange tofu in a single layer on a parchment lined baking sheet . Bake at 200 degrees for 2 1/2 hours , or until tough . Allow to cool before serving – it will become tougher and more jerky-like in consistency as it cools .
Mellow Mushroom Jerky
Ingredients :
3 Tbsp soy sauce
2 Tbsp pure maple syrup
2 Tbsp apple cider vinegar
1 Tbsp five-spice powder
1/4 tsp sea salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
3 portobello mushrooms , cleaned and sliced into 1/4″ pieces
sesame seeds , for garnish
Directions :
In a small bowl , mix together all ingredients except mushrooms and sesame seeds . In a gallon size zip-loc bag , combine the mushrooms and marinade mixture . Toss gently so that the mushrooms get coated with the marinade on all sides . Refrigerate overnight . Remove the mushroom strips from the marinade and arrange in a single layer in a dehydrator . Dehydrate until dry at 145ºF for 5 to 6 hours . Alternatively , the mushrooms can be baked on a parchment lined baking sheet in the over for 2-3 hours . Cooking times may vary due to the thickness of the slices or brand of dehydrator .
French police are investigating death threats made against satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo over a cartoon of Islamist scholar Tariq Ramadan , who despite facing rape allegations continues to teach at Oxford University .
The provocative magazine was the target of a deadly jihadist attack in January 2015 after publishing cartoons of the Muslim prophet Mohammed .
On the cover of its edition published last Wednesday , Mr. Ramadan is depicted in an explicit pose , with the caption : “ I am the sixth pillar of Islam . ”
The five pillars are faith , prayer , charity , fasting , and pilgrimage to Mecca . Many Sunni scholars consider jihad , or holy war , as the sixth pillar of the faith .
Swiss national Mr. Ramadan , 55 , is a lecturer at Oxford University and a controversial figure in France where he represents conservative Islam and soft Islamism .
His grandfather founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and his father was a senior figure in the organisation , which pushes for a global caliphate ruled by Islamic law .
He is under investigation after being accused of rape by two women after the Harvey Weinstein scandal sparked a wave of sexual abuse accusations around the world .
Sexual assault claims are a `` Zionist plot '' 🙄 https : //t.co/en29D1epek — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) October 30 , 2017
Laurent ‘ Riss ' Sourisseau , Charlie Hebdo ‘ s editor , said the threats and hate mail had “ never really stopped ” after the 2015 jihadist attack in which 12 people were gunned down at its offices .
“ Sometimes there are peaks when we receive explicit death threats on social media – this has been the case once again , ” he told Europe 1 radio .
However , he suggested the climate had worsened . “ Calls to murder have become commonplace , ” he said .
“ It 's always difficult to know if these are serious threats or not , but as a principle , we take them seriously and press charges . ”
Jean Plantureux , one of France 's most famous satirical cartoonists , added : “ It 's great this drawing . I do n't see what people have against it . He 's got a big d * ck and says I 'm the sixth pillar of Islam . They 're just having a bit of fun . ”
Natural number
256 ( two hundred [ and ] fifty-six ) is the natural number following 255 and preceding 257 .
In mathematics [ edit ]
256 is a composite number , with the factorization 256 = 28 , which makes it a power of two .
256 is 4 raised to the 4th power , so in tetration notation 256 is 2 4 . [ 1 ]
4 . 256 is a perfect square ( 16 2 ) .
) . 256 is the only 3-digit number that is zenzizenzizenzic . It is 2 to the 8th power or ( ( 2 2 ) 2 ) 2 { \displaystyle ( ( 2^ { 2 } ) ^ { 2 } ) ^ { 2 } }
256 is the lowest number that is a product of eight prime factors .
In computing [ edit ]
One octet ( in most cases one byte ) is equal to eight bits and has 28 or 256 possible values , counting from 0 to 255 . The number 256 often appears in computer applications ( especially on 8-bit systems ) such as :
In other fields [ edit ]
256 is also :
Tweets2011 As part of the TREC 2011 microblog track , Twitter provided identifiers for approximately 16 million tweets sampled between January 23rd and February 8th , 2011 . The corpus is designed to be a reusable , representative sample of the twittersphere - i.e . both important and spam tweets are included . The Tweets2011 corpus is unusual in that what you get is a list of tweet identifiers , and the actual tweets are downloaded directly from Twitter , using the open-source twitter-tools . However , to obtain the lists of tweets to be downloaded ( i.e . the `` tweet lists '' ) , a data usage agreement must be signed . Once signed , the agreement must be emailed back to NIST , who will provide you with a username/password to download the tweet lists ( in the form of a .tar.gz file ) . Obtaining the collection Download and sign the TREC 2011 Microblog Dataset Usage Agreement . Please note that this agreement requires you to also act within the terms of the Twitter terms of service , and in particular you agree not to redistribute the data and to delete tweets that are marked deleted in the future . The twitter-tools provides support for removing deleted tweets from your copy of the corpus . Email the signed agreement , as a PDF file , to Angela Ellis < angela.ellis @ nist.gov > . In the body of your email , Be clear that you are requesting the Tweets2011 dataset Include your name , your email address , and the name of your organization . We will respond to your request with a URL , a username , and a password with which you can download the tweet lists . Please allow seven business days for a response . Once you have downloaded and decompressed the tweet lists from NIST , you should obtain and run the corpus downloader . For further instructions on downloading and using the twitter-tools corpus downloader , see twitter-tools . You MUST NOT re-distribute the tweet lists or the corpus obtained by using the tweet lists , as this breaks both the Tweets2011 corpus license agreement and the Twitter Terms of Use . Note that it can take several days to download your copy of the Tweets2011 .
The Washington Humane Society shelter , a District-owned building on New York Avenue , Northeast , looks every bit the old-school pound—concrete floors , chain-link cages , lots of barking dogs . Washington Animal Rescue League , near Manor Park in Northwest DC , feels like a pet spa—soothing music pipes in , a miniature waterfall gurgles , quiet dogs relax in frosted-glass enclosures .
If that 's all you know of the two groups , the decision they made in February to merge—into an organization whose scope is unmatched by any other humane society in a major US city—might seem odd . But the outward differences do n't indicate philosophical ones . Both were longtime local institutions : The Washington Humane Society was founded in 1870 , the Washington Animal Rescue League in 1914 . Both boasted low euthanasia rates , with each saving roughly 90 percent of its animals . And they worked together for years , with WHS often sending dogs and cats to WARL when it was over capacity .
What one lacked , the other tended to provide : WARL had the beautiful space and a veterinary hospital , for instance , while WHS had the staff to investigate cruelty cases and aid wildlife . The latter was the larger of the two organizations , caring for 51,000 animals annually , compared with WARL 's 11,000 . Of the combined groups ' $ 14.5-million budget , $ 9 million came from WHS .
Though each side 's financial reports suggest stability , the merger bore economic benefits for both : WHS brought its $ 3.3-million city contract to run animal control and operate as the District 's “ open-access shelter ” —meaning it takes any stray or owner-surrendered pet that comes through the door . ( Use of the New York Avenue building comes with the contract , too . ) WARL had office space to spare , so WHS gets to end the lease on its administrative building . It will also sell two Georgia Avenue rowhouses , one of which was its secondary shelter .
Three senior staffers , including WARL 's CEO , Robert Ramin , were laid off . Lisa LaFontaine , formerly CEO of WHS , now heads the merged organization . She says those were the only staff cuts , and no more are planned . She adds that other streamlining—such as downsizing to a single donor database and shelter software system—will save the combined group about $ 500,000 this year .
“ So much money was being spent on things that were n't our mission , ” LaFontaine says . “ We 're going to be much more robust financially because we did this ” —especially critical given the District 's extensive transformation of late .
As the city braces for a boom to nearly 1 million residents in the next 30 years , both animal groups have grappled with how to address the pet population 's changing demands . Ultimately , says LaFontaine , when the boards voted unanimously to merge , it was because they recognized they were better equipped to meet those needs together .
In her office at the former WARL headquarters , LaFontaine shared the vision of the temporarily ( and clunkily ) dubbed Washington Humane Society/Washington Animal Rescue League .
Why merge now ?
Both groups were on the cusp of doing capital campaigns to raise money and build out facilities . WARL has a warehouse next door that we want to make into a rehab-and-training facility . WHS had bought a great piece of property in the Capitol Riverfront neighborhood where we can build up to 110,000 square feet . We had plans for a first-class adoption center there , a pet-supply store , a boarding center , a doggie fitness center , and a medical partnership with the Virginia-Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine . We said wait a minute—this is a time to take a really serious look at whether there 's a reason for us to do this separately . So those two capital campaigns are now one . We want to have two campuses so we 're accessible to all of DC : this campus in Northwest , and we 'll develop out the campus on the Southeast waterfront .
What does it mean to be the country 's most comprehensive animal-welfare organization ?
Every individual program that humane societies and shelters can have—adoption , medical care , training , wildlife services , and more—we have all of them . So we can collect all the data about the animals in this community . We can do much better strategic planning , because not only do we know what the needs are , but we have the resources to meet them now as one organization .
Does the closure of the Georgia Avenue shelter mean the combined group actually has less space for animals ?
It had provided us another dozen kennels for dogs and 30 cages for cats , so we did lose those . But we felt like we could drive up adoption traffic at the two facilities we still have if we are n't trying to disperse the marketing to three different areas . [ Combined , ] we have more resources to do behavior and medical assessments of the animals and more adoption counselors working to place them . Most of it is the internal operation moving faster to make sure animals make it to adoption as quickly as possible .
What 's next ?
We 're going to start the design process for our new campuses and really envision what the Washington region needs for the next 10 , 20 , 50 years as far as animal welfare and animal-care programs and services . We have a request for proposal out , and six architects have responded . We 're going to be doing final interviews .
When will you rename the organization ?
In the fall , we 're going to announce our name and roll out our new brand . We 're going through a lengthy process to make sure we pick something that gives us room to grow—that fits us now but also fits who we want to become .
This article appears in our August 2016 issue of Washingtonian .
Senior editor Marisa M. Kashino can be reached at mkashino @ washingtonian.com . On Twitter , she 's @ marisakashino .
DONETSK , Ukraine — Worshipers at the Bet Menakhem-Mendl synagogue in this eastern Ukrainian city confronted a horrifying scene as they left a Passover service this week : masked men on a sidewalk handing out leaflets demanding that Jews register and pay a fine or leave the area , witnesses said .
That the leaflets appeared in a highly uncertain political context did little to calm nerves or to dampen high-level international condemnation , including from Secretary of State John Kerry , who said Thursday in Geneva that “ just in the last couple of days , notices were sent to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews . ”
The leaflets were supposedly signed by Denis Pushilin , the leader of the Donetsk People 's Republic , the newly declared and unrecognized state that claims to represent ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine . But that group and other pro-Russian groups quickly denied they had anything to do with them .
“ This has nothing to do with us ; it is a provocation , ” said Alexander Maltsev , a spokesman for the People 's Republic , in a telephone interview . He said he did not know who was responsible , or their motives .
Effective July 1 , it is now illegal to possess or use deer lures that contain natural deer urine or other bodily fluids while in pursuit of game in Virginia . The Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries ( VDGIF ) instituted the rule change this month as part of its increased vigilance against chronic wasting disease ( CWD ) , which can be spread by infectious proteins in deer urine , feces , or saliva .
“ The VDGIF is taking a pro-active approach on this issue and has banned possession and use until it is proven that prions are not spread in commercial deer urine products , rather than continue to risk introducing CWD to new areas until it is confirmed that urine attractants do spread prions , ” the agency stated in a press release .
The agency continued in saying that commercial products are often not treated—either chemically or by heat—to destroy infectious proteins , which are incredibly resilient and slow to degrade in the wild . The VDGIF noted that many companies that make these products are also located in states with a history of CWD .
“ Deer in Virginia that taste or sniff these products may actually be exposing themselves to CWD harbored by deer living hundreds of miles away that were used to collect the infected urine , ” the VDGIF said .
Products that contain deer urine can still be purchased or sold in the state , but hunters are barred from carrying them if they are in the field scouting , attracting , or hunting deer . As an alternative , hunters can use synthetic products until the ban is either lifted due to new research , or becomes permanent . Although attractor scents are widely popular in Virginia—as in other states—many hunters say they agree with the regulation change it if it would mean a safer future for the state 's deer .
“ Not only are deer an important part of Virginia 's natural heritage , they are also important to the economy , ” said the VDGIF .
Statistics from the US Fish and Wildlife Service and National Shooting Sports Foundation show that deer hunting generates more than $ 600 million yearly for the state , as well as employing more than 20,000 people .
Image from Larry Smith on the flickr Creative Commons
What 's Your Reaction ?
# 1 Christians do n't have to believe that Christianity is the only valid path to God .
The Bible teaches that God respects other faiths . Indeed the nature of God in Jesus includes holding dialogue with other faiths and respecting and loving people of other religions or paths to God . Jesus respected the non-Jewish Canaanite woman 's faith ( Mt 15:28 ) . Jesus validated Judaism and the commandments by declaring that “ whoever does [ the commandments ] and teaches them will be called great in the kingdom of heaven . ”
A lawyer asked Jesus ‘ ‘ what must I do to inherit eternal life ? '' [ and Jesus ] said , ‘ ‘ What is written in the law ? What do you read there ? '' [ The lawyer ] answered , ‘ ‘ You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your strength , and with all your mind ; and your neighbor as yourself . '' And [ Jesus ] said to him , ‘ ‘ You have given the right answer ; do this , and you will live . ' To make the point , two Jews , Jesus and the lawyer , both declare that a good neighbor can be a non-Jewish Samaritan . This ties in nicely with Jesus ' claim that anyone who feeds the hungry , clothes the naked , tends to the sick or visits the imprisoned will be in the Kingdom of God . In other words , Jesus respected non- Christian paths to God , and we can too . Christians do n't have to believe that Christianity is the only path to God .
# 2 Christians do n't have to believe that science conflicts with religion .
Science seeks truth through reason and experience to understand how creation works . Religion seeks truth through reason and experience to understand our relationship with creation and that which created it . Both are limited by human understanding and experience . Both can not explain it all . Both begin with an aim toward truth and end in mystery and awe .
Reasoning that the universe began as a big bang of light and cosmic dust does not have to conflict with reasoning that the universe began with God 's Light and the creation of humans from metaphoric dust . Scientists , thinking openly , have brought us to a way of great wisdom , inventions and medicines . Jesus , thinking openly , has brought us to a way of great wisdom , love and morals . God , Messiah , morals , medicine , discovery and methods of science need not be understood as mutually exclusive . Christians do n't have to believe that science conflicts with religion .
# 3 Christians do n't have to believe that homosexuality is a sin .
Scripture need not be read to prohibit homosexuality . Jesus made no mention of it , and it is not otherwise expressly mentioned in the Bible except by putting modern words in ancient texts ( like you see in modern translations ) . If you want proof , check out the older King James Version of the Bible . It does not use the word , “ homosexuality ” at all ! Moreover , even passages in Leviticus , often interpreted to deal with homosexuality in America , amount to old laws expressly intended for application in ancient Israel . Christians do not have to believe homosexuality is a sin .
# 4 Christians do n't have to believe that God is male .
Many insist that we must believe God is male . Yet the Bible itself suggests female images of God . Females are created in God 's image . God first appears in the Bible as “ ruah , ” a female word meaning “ Spirit. ” It is natural to think of a female image at the birth of the world . There are other female images of God in the Bible . In Isaiah 42:14 God “ cries out like a woman in labor . ”
Psalm 22:9 refers to God as a midwife ; “ it was you who took me from the womb ; you kept me safe on my mother 's breast. ” In Hosea 13:8 God is a protective “ like a bear robbed of her cubs. ” Jesus refers to God in a mother image noting wisdom ( another female word ) “ is vindicated by all her children ” and that God acts like a hen , protecting the children of God , pulling her brood beneath her wings . If the Bible – and Jesus– imagine God as other than male , then so can we . Christians can , but do not have to , believe that God is male .
# 5 Christians do n't have To believe that God is all powerful .
This is sometimes the hardest thing for folks to allow others not to believe . We want God to be able to override bad things in life . We want to hope for instant resolution of catastrophic troubles . But if God is love and all-powerful then should n't God swoop in and instantly resolve suffering , end calamity and prevent things like genocide and war ? If we had the power , we 'd do it with our little bit of love . We know that God does not instantly fix bad things , so it 's fair to understand that either God is not all powerful or God 's power is limited . God does n't snap giant fingers to instantly stop evil and suffering . We know that to be true . This is hard to accept for those of us brought up thinking of God as wielding any power we humans can imagine .
Our experiences however suggest that it is reasonable to understand that God does not coerce creation in any way and that God can not overrule our freedom or nature 's laws . While God 's power is not coercive , we can understand God has the persuasive power of Love which causes us to react and respond . Responding as God 's instruments we can stop evils like genocide , as we did in World War II , or with slavery in the 1860 's . We can stop some catastrophes too , like we did with polio in the 1950 's . If we choose , we can stop hunger and genocide and oppression today . Maybe we can even one day stop AIDS , cancer , and many other forms of suffering . But , it is God working through us that has that sort of power . It is not God with the magic snap , but God with the magic of LOVE . This is how God can be understood to work , so Christians do n't have to believe God is all powerful .
# 6 Christians do n't have to believe that God sent Jesus to earth to be tortured and put to death as a sacrifice required by God .
At First Congregational UCC we tend to center theology around these three words from 1 John : “ God is Love. ” Those words are in direct conflict with the idea that God personally required human sacrifice to redeem us from a sinful state , and that God intentionally sent his only son Jesus to be sacrificed and brutally killed . As puny mortals with a thimble full of love compared to God 's oceans of love , we know that sacrificing humans is not a mark of Love . If we are images of God , what sort of image does a human sacrificing God make us ? What sort of God of Love could do that ?
Jesus certainly sacrificed his life and God made the best of it — even resurrected him for us to find our Way to Love , but you do not have to accept that God planned and demanded Jesus ' death from the start to fulfill some Divine need , some hallowed blood thirst for human sacrifice . Christians do n't have to believe God sent Jesus to earth to be tortured and put to death as a sacrifice required by God .
# 7 Christians do n't have to believe that Jesus was not fully human .
Next Post →
There have been exciting recent advances in human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) prevention for men who have sex with men ( MSM ) in the last several years , especially favorable results of three large clinical trials of Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis ( PrEP ) for HIV prevention [ 1–3 ] . The implementation of PrEP , and other HIV and sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) prevention strategies , is essential to reduce the estimated 30,000 new HIV diagnoses that occur among MSM in the US each year—with special attention to young MSM and MSM of color , groups disproportionally impacted by HIV infection [ 4 , 5 ] .
New strategies are also needed to address the rise in bacterial sexually transmitted infections ( Neisseria gonorrhea , Chlamydia trachomatis , and syphilis ) as well among MSM in the US [ 6 , 7 ] . Syphilis cases are of particular concern given the 47.9 % increase in diagnoses between 2010 and 2014 . With that increase in cases , several jurisdictions have also noted a rise in more severe syphilis complications , including a recent cluster of 18 ocular syphilis cases in San Francisco , California and Seattle , Washington—four of which resulted in at least partial visual loss , and two of which are legally blind after 5 months of follow-up [ 8 ] .
The convergence of PrEP as a new HIV prevention strategy with an ongoing increase in STIs , has sparked important discussion about STI control challenges and opportunities in the setting of PrEP implementation among MSM [ 9 ] .
STIs as a driver of HIV incidence among MSM Bacterial STIs have received significant attention as a potential driver of HIV infection among MSM since the beginning of the HIV epidemic [ 10 , 11 ] . Several cohort studies of MSM initially identified a self-reported history of gonorrhea as an independent risk factor for HIV seroconversion , and both ulcerative and non-ulcerative STIs have been associated both epidemiologically and biologically with HIV infection [ 12–20 ] . Rectal STIs in particular have been identified as increasing the risk for HIV seroconversion , likely secondary to the higher per-contact transmission risk of HIV acquisition in condomless receptive anal intercourse due to the pro-inflammatory micro-environment , recruitment in HIV target cells , and mucosal immune cell activation [ 21 ] . A retrospective cohort of MSM demonstrated that two or more prior rectal gonococcal or chlamydial infections were associated with 8 times greater risk of HIV seroconversion [ 14 ] . Furthermore , a recent modeling analyses estimated the independent contribution of anorectal gonococcal or chlamydial infection on HIV incidence at approximately 15 % [ 22 ] . However , the challenge of quantifying the independent risk of bacterial STIs on HIV seroconversion risk has been confounded by sexual risk behavior . In an interesting analysis , Kelley et al. , used propensity scores to control for confounding by behavioral risk and demonstrated a nearly threefold increased risk of HIV ( Hazard ratio 2.7 ; 95 % Confidence interval ( CI ) : 1.2–6.4 ) among MSM diagnosed with rectal gonorrhea or chlamydia in their cohort [ 23 ] . Syphilis was not associated with HIV acquisition , likely due to the low number of cases . A recent report from a cohort of MSM in San Diego diagnosed with recent or acute HIV infection between 2004 and 2014 , did however identify syphilis as an independent predictor of HIV acquisition [ 24 ] . Other studies have also demonstrated a strong , independent association between recent syphilis infection and HIV acquisition [ 25 ] . While the increased risk of HIV acquisition with rectal STIs and syphilis has been demonstrated in controlled studies , it has been more difficult to demonstrate in “ real world ” settings . First , HIV and STI testing frequency is highly variable for MSM for a variety of patient and provider factors [ 26 , 27 ] . Because the majority of STIs are asymptomatic in the absence of frequent screening the majority will be undiagnosed . In addition , the development of community norms regarding non-condom sexual risk reduction strategies can potentially decrease HIV risk , and concurrently increase STI risk [ 28 ] . For example , as early as 2006 in San Francisco , there was an increase in STI cases without a concurrent increase in HIV [ 29 ] . Seroadaptive sexual behaviors ( e.g. , serosorting or strategic positioning ) were considered as a possible non-condom-related HIV risk reduction strategy employed by MSM to explain that discrepant observation [ 30 , 31 ] . While seroadaptive behaviors have been associated with slightly reduced HIV risk ( likely secondary to the associated difference lower per-contact risk of specific activities ) , they may increase risk for other STIs .
PrEP clinical trials among MSM show high HIV risk reduction and STI incidence Several large clinical trials have studied the efficacy of PrEP for primary HIV prevention among MSM . The Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis initiative ( iPrEx ) was the first large efficacy trial to show the efficacy of co-formulated tenofovir disoproxil fumarate/emtricitabine for primary HIV prevention among MSM [ 1 ] . Overall efficacy was 44 % , but was significantly higher among those with detectable drug levels indicating higher levels of adherence . Sexually transmitted infection incidence was also high in iPrEX , and a subsequent analysis showed a trend toward decreased reduction in protection among participants diagnosed with syphilis , although this was not statistically significant [ 25 ] . Results from other recent PrEP clinical trials have also demonstrated high STI incidence among study participants . The PROUD study demonstrated 86 % reduction in HIV risk among high-risk MSM offered PrEP as part of routine care at sexual health clinics in England [ 2 ] . Originally designed as a pilot study the HIV incidence among those in the delayed arm was 8.9/100 person-years . The study was able to target the highest risk men , as evidenced by both the high HIV incidence in the delayed study arm and that approximately 50 % of the cohort was diagnosed with at least one bacterial STI in follow-up . The Ipergay study also showed high PrEP efficacy , 86 % risk reduction when used for event-level instead of daily dosing , among high-risk MSM in Canada and France [ 32 ] . One third of study participants in the Ipergay study were diagnosed with an STI in follow-up , including six cases of hepatitis C ( although it 's not clear how many of those were sexually transmitted ) .
STI incidence is also high among PrEP users in “ real world ” settings Given the high STI incidence observed in PrEP clinical trials , there has been concern about additional risk compensation—increased sexual risk behavior—in “ real world ” settings which has the potential to worsen the rising bacterial STI incidence . While there were no increases in sexual risk behavior overall in a recent PrEP demonstration project and report of PrEP implementation in a large healthcare system , some PrEP users did report an increase in risk behaviors , including a decrease in consistent condom use [ 28 , 33 ] . In those recent reports approximately 50 % of participants were diagnosed with an STI within 12 months of follow-up . The high STI incidence in those studies , suggest that PrEP uptake occurred among the men at highest risk for HIV acquisition , but without a comparison group it is not possible to identify the role that PrEP may have played in modifying sexual risk behavior , if any , in the high STI incidence . Those studies also highlight the efficacy of PrEP in “ real world ” use as there were no HIV infections among the participants in the Kaiser San Francisco cohort ( n = 657 ) , and only two HIV seroconversions among 557 participants in the PrEP Demonstration Project .
Drug resistant gonorrhea is of public health importance Neisseria gonorrhoeae antimicrobial resistance is of urgent public health importance as N. gonorrhoeae have developed resistance to all currently available antibiotic regimens [ 34 ] . The current Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) recommendations for gonorrhea treatment include the use of dual therapy with two antimicrobials [ 35 ] . Resistance has developed to all classes of antibiotics and there is concern about further spread of multi-drug resistant clones among MSM , a core group for drug resistant gonorrhea transmission [ 36 ] . After a brief decline in 2013 , the proportion of gonococcal isolates that had an elevated ceftriaxone minimal inhibitory concentration ( MIC ) ( > 0.125 µg/ml ) in the Gonococcal Isolate Surveillance Project increased in 2014 [ 37 ] . There have also been reported cases of isolates with even higher ceftriaxone MICs ( > 0.5 µg/ml ) and high-level azithromycin resistance [ 38 , 39 ] . Increased STI screening and treatment will have important implications for STI control strategies to reduce the frequency of drug resistant gonococcal strains . Oropharyngeal gonococcal infections are an important source of ongoing gonorrhea transmission and also provide a microbiological environment conducive to the development of extended-spectrum cephalosporin resistance , through gene transfer with commensal Neisseria species that normally reside in the throat [ 40 ] . With improved screening frequency at extragenital sites like the oropharynx or rectum using more sensitive nucleic acid amplification tests and routine partner treatment , the earlier identification and treatment of gonococcal infections could enhance gonorrhea control [ 41 , 42 ] .
Hey people .
So this is kinda like our Day 4 , even though it 's Day 5 of our releases . Me and Mirrormn were up pretty late last night trying to push it out ( Like 4 AM late ) but instead we decided to save it for today , since , you know , we both had work to go to . Anyways , today 's release is a doujin by Quro , whose info you can find on the credits page . This doujin is unfortunately out of print , so to actually find it , you might want to go to Japan and look in a preowned manga store . Also unfortunately , I think that 's the only option . You can find it under One-shot and Doujin Releases . The publication itself was bought by Mirrormn at Comiket 86 when he went to Japan in his most recent trip . It 's a light yuri manga featuring Yuno and Miyako and how they spend the day married . It 's cute : >
I 'm trying to get an L♥DK chapter out for tomorrow , but we 'll see how that goes .
Love ya much
~MaxLemon
Advertisements
Tim Lindquist is an undergrad at Iowa State University and , if you 're into classic gaming , might just be the man of your dreams . His super-cool Nintimdo RP project is a 3D-printed case for a Raspberry Pi that is designed to simulate the size and shape of a Nintendo Switch without all those silly modern gaming advances . In fact , the Nintimdo RP is dedicated to playing classic games .
Writes Lindquist :
​This project was to create a portable gaming system that could also double as a portable computer . Above shows the 3D model ( Rev 3 ) I made on Autodesk Inventor . Waiting on final prints , More coming August 2017 . This project was to create a portable gaming system that could also double as a portable computer . The goal was to create a console that was functional as well as aesthetically pleasing . I use what I learned with 3D modeling to make professional looking cases to house my circuits . Buttons were constructed using tactile components behind a stripped façade .
Inside is a Raspberry Pi 3 that holds a Broadcom BCM287 processor ( ARM architecture ) is running a light version of Linux ( pixel ) with emulators on top through retroarch and retropie . This interfaces with the 7-inch touch screen on the front to display the GUI . Buttons are wired to a microcontroller and finally to the motherboard so games can be played . Thermals are controlled by bringing air in through an intake located on the back . The air is directed past heat sinks on the processor and graphics card , this then goes through the fan and into a duct system that routs the exhaust out of the top of the device .
The entire thing is open source and available on Github . You can download the models here and see the parts list here . After all , it 's dangerous to go alone . You 'd better take a 3D printed Raspberry Pi-based handheld console .
The ECB plans to continue purchases of public and private debt until at least March 2017 . However , some have argued that by buying government bonds , the ECB is making it easier for countries to borrow money at a time when they should be implementing austerity measures . They also consider that by demanding economic reforms in return for debt purchases from eurozone countries that have run into in trouble , the ECB is overstepping its mandate , which is maintaining price stability and not running economic policy .
With eurozone inflation hovering around zero - well below the ECB 's target of two per cent - the bank says this is exactly what it tries to do by buying public and private sector debt : lowering long-term interest rates , kick-starting investment and boosting growth , which will result in higher inflation .
The European Court of Justice already sided with the ECB , saying that the bond buying programme is in line with EU treaties . Today the German constitutional court , which originally referred the question of legality of bond purchases to the European Court of Justice , also green-lighted the programme .
Follow the discussion with Draghi live on our website from 15.00 CET .
Come # PaintItOrange at Honda Center tonight at 6:30 p.m. and watch the Ducks and Kings in Game 6 of the Battle for SoCal !
The Street Team and Power Players will be hosting an Official Playoff Watch Party presented by Heineken ! Bring your chairs and sit outside in front of the big screens at Honda Center or watch the game at the Playoff Spot or Puck 's Tavern !
Watch Party Fun Facts :
The Street Team and Power Players will be hosting an Official Playoff Watch Party presented by Heineken ! Bring your chairs and sit outside in front of the big screens at Honda Center or watch the game at the Playoff Spot or Puck 's Tavern ! Food and drinks will be available for purchase and all fans will have the opportunity to enter for a chance to win autographed items ! Temperatures are forecasted to be in the mid-90s at puck drop so plan accordingly and be sure to keep yourself hydrated throughout the evening.Watch Party Fun Facts :
- Parking and admission to the event will be FREE ! - Doors to the event will open at 5:30 p.m. for a 6:30 p.m. puck drop- Fans are encouraged to bring their own seating for the outside viewing area- Food and beverages will be available for purchase in the viewing area outside as well as in the Playoff Spot and Puck 's Tavern .
Click here to view the menu . - The Anaheim Ducks Team Store Powered by Reebok will be open during the event- Fans will have opportunities to win great prizes throughout the event including hats , t-shirts and autographed items- As a friendly reminder , outside alcoholic beverages are strictly prohibitedCall 877- WILD-WING with any questions .
Carl Ferrer 's website was a safe space for sex workers to advertise services and vet clients , and can not be held accountable for users ' content , experts said
The arrest of the CEO of Backpage , an adult classified website , has drawn criticism from sex workers and first amendment advocates who argue that the prosecution violates free speech protections and could do more harm than good .
The top prosecutors in California and Texas announced on Thursday that authorities had arrested Backpage executive Carl Ferrer on felony pimping charges , alleging that his website profits from the “ trafficking and exploitation of vulnerable victims ” when it collects fees for “ escort ” ads .
Carl Ferrer , the CEO of Backpage.com , was charged with felony pimping . Photograph : AP
But legal experts said that online platforms like Backpage.com can not be held liable for the actions of their users and that third-party sites are protected by free speech internet laws .
The charges have also sparked outrage among sex worker activists who argue that Backpage is a safe way for them to advertise services and vet clients , and that without it , some would be working on the streets , which can be significantly more dangerous .
“ This has nothing to do with people being exploited . It 's a political ploy , ” said Kristen DiAngelo , executive director of the Sex Workers Outreach Project of Sacramento .
Under Backpage 's “ adult ” section , people can advertise a range of services , including escorts and fetishes . According to sex worker groups , consenting adults use the platform for legal activities such as massages , as well as illegal paid sexual encounters .
But California 's attorney general , Kamala Harris , who is running for US Senate , alleged that “ many ” ads for prostitution involve sex trafficking victims , including minors . She claimed that Ferrer , along with shareholders Michael Lacey and James Larkin , have profited from these crimes and that Backpage is “ essentially operating as an online brothel ” . All three men are accused of conspiracy to commit pimping .
David Greene , civil liberties director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said the law is clear that “ those who provide internet services can not be considered publishers of content that they did n't create themselves ” .
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act , a law that has had a profound impact on the internet , outlines these protections . The act , for example , has established that Yelp is not responsible for negative reviews and that eBay is not liable when people sell counterfeit items .
Airbnb , the home-sharing startup , has also argued that the law shields the tech platform when users violate local housing laws .
Backpage has repeatedly won legal victories based on free speech arguments .
“ You can think that child trafficking is a horrible thing … and still think that prosecutors have overreached by going after the CEO of a classified advertising service , ” Greene said .
DiAngelo argued that targeting a web platform was a “ slippery slope ” and that prosecutors could go after landlords of buildings where sex work may be occurring or newspapers that print ads for services that turn out to be illegal .
Spokespeople for the Texas attorney general , Ken Paxton , and Harris declined to comment .
In an email to the Guardian , Liz McDougall , Backpage 's lawyer , said the arrest “ is an election-year stunt , not a good-faith action by law enforcement ” and noted that the company has policies against “ illegal content ” and removes ads when contacted by police .
“ The actions of the California and Texas attorneys general are flatly illegal , ” she wrote , adding that “ Backpage.com will take all steps necessary to end this frivolous prosecution . ”
Legal arguments aside , activists have argued that targeting Backpage is a misguided approach that conflates trafficking with adult sex work . Critics also say that closing the site wo n't eliminate the exploitation , but simply move it further to the margins .
Maxine Doogan , president of the Erotic Service Provider Legal , Educational and Research Project , said that Backpage allows sex workers to control their own businesses online without having to rely on pimps or work in the streets . Workers also use the site to warn each other about dangerous or violent clients , she said , noting one woman who was robbed by a man and then posted his name and photo on the site .
Often , she said , that can be the only way for workers to protect themselves since reporting to police can get them arrested for prostitution .
Doogan , who is based in California , noted that the Backpage criminal charges are n't even about trafficking and accused Harris of using the case to bolster her campaign . “ The underpinnings of the pimping laws is the criminalization of prostitution . ”
Kimberlee Cline , a sex worker based in Sacramento , said Backpage allows her to get references from other workers about whether a certain client is safe , she said . “ It 's absolutely vital . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Backpage is ‘ absolutely vital ' : Kimberlee Cline , a sex worker based in Sacramento . Photograph : Bella Elle Boudoir
Cline added : “ The saddest part of all of this is the amount of time and energy and resources they are spending that are supposedly intended to protect real victims of sexual exploitation … These efforts are only about arresting sex workers , not stopping human trafficking . ”
After authorities shut down a similar adult services site called MyRedbook.com , according to DiAngelo , her organization surveyed 44 workers and found that 18 % had transitioned to the street and subsequently experienced rape , arrest or both .
“ If they keep marginalizing the people who are in the sex trade … there 's no way they can stand up and say , ‘ We 're doing this to save you , ' ” DiAngelo said , noting that the state should instead invest in social services for victims .
Some activists have also argued that traffickers can be exposed and arrested through Backpage .
“ Why would the government want to shut down a resource that they can use to actually go after people who are selling minors ? ” said Norma Jean Almodovar , a California sex worker activist .
Critics said that if California prosecutors were serious about supporting victims , they would have done a much better job handling the recent scandal in which more than a dozen police officers throughout the Bay Area have been accused of exploiting and paying a teenager for sex .
While the state has aggressively targeted the Backpage CEO , many of the officers in the Bay Area case have avoided serious consequences .
“ You 've got cops that are wildly abusing sex workers and nothing happens to them , ” Almodovar said . “ That says you really do n't care about us at all . ”
David Davis is the MP for Monmouth in South Wales , UK
A Conservative MP has said if you have ‘ male genitalia , you should only use male toilets . '
The comments mirror the ongoing debate and rhetoric in America where as many as 16 states have considered so called ‘ toilet bills ' in 2017 .
The Tory MP David Davies made the comments in a column in his local constituency 's paper the South Wales Argus .
He was criticizing the Equalities Minister Justine Greening 's plans for reforming the Gender Recognition act .
Though stating that ‘ we should show understanding and compassion ' and not ‘ discriminate ' anyone ‘ confused about their gender . '
He then says :
‘ We can not consider the rights of transgender people without considering the rights of others .
‘ If a man decides to register him/herself as a woman , should he/she have the right to use women 's toilets , changing rooms , hospital wards , etc. ? This would clearly have an impact on the rights of women using those facilities .
‘ Some might say I am on the “ wrong side of history ” and “ bigoted ” . But I would maintain that anyone in possession of male genitalia should be expected to use male facilities regardless of what gender they feel they are . '
Trans * Form Cymru , a local support group for trans and non binary people called the article ‘ inaccurate and disrespectful ' , on their Twitter .
Gay Star News reached out to the gay Minister for Equalities , Nick Gibb and Minister for Education Justine Greening , who is in a same-sex marriage–to ask if they 'll be asking MP David Davies to retract the comments .
The Department of Education declined to comment on Davies ' remarks . However , they pointed us to their recent announcements about continuing to drive LGBT equality .
They also said that it 's up to services and facilities providers to use discretion and common sense when it comes to gender neutral toilets . Adding that the government has produced guidance on this for service providers .
Gender Recognition Bill could let trans people self-define
The minister for equalities Justine Greening released plans to reform the Gender Recognition act last month . They came as UK reaches the 50th anniversary of the partial decriminalization of homosexuality in England and Wales .
The UK government is proposing to allow transgender people to self-identify their gender .
It also means non-binary people will be able to record their gender as ‘ X ' .
It 's part of a new Gender Recognition Bill , due to be published in the next few months .
Since 2004 , if a person wishes to change their gender , they need to apply for a Gender Recognition Certificate .
Currently , a doctor must medically diagnose a person with gender dysphoria . They must also spend two years living as their preferred gender .
Related stories :
Aboard the papal plane ( CNN ) If US President Donald Trump considers himself `` pro-life , '' he should reconsider his decision to end a program that allows the children of undocumented immigrants to remain in the United States , Pope Francis said .
`` The President of the United States presents himself as pro-life and if he is a good pro-lifer , he understands that family is the cradle of life and its unity must be protected , '' Francis said .
The Pope 's comments came during a news conference Sunday aboard the papal plane , as he returned to the Vatican after a five-day trip to Colombia . In the wide-ranging Q & A with reporters , the Pope also said history will harshly judge deniers of climate change .
The Pope acknowledged that he was not familiar with the specifics of DACA . `` I think this law comes not from parliament but from the executive , '' the Pope said . `` If that is so , I am hopeful that it will be re-thought . ''
Trump and the Pope have tussled over immigration before , with the Pope saying last year that anyone who thinks only of building walls instead of bridges is `` not Christian . ''
Read More
Here 's a handy tip : if you want your child to become a Premier League player , move to Scandinavia
What are they feeding children in Scandinavia ?
Because whatever it is , the stats for distance covered in the Premier League season prove we should all be practising hygge and listening to Sigur Ros if we want greater stamina .
With one game left of the campaign , we can reveal the players who have covered the most distance in the league , as well as who tops the charts for most travelled per game .
Swansea 's Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson tops the list for the player who has run the most this Premier League season , having covered a whopping 422.36 kilometres so far , while Tottenham Hotspur 's Danish star Christian Eriksen follows him on 418.88 kilometres .
Stu Forster/Getty Images 3 The fittest player in the Premier League… and N'Golo Kante
When it comes down to average distance per game , Eriksen leads the way on 11.97km per game , while Liverpool 's Jordan Henderson covered 11.92km on average in the 24 Premier League games he played before picking up a foot injury in late February .
3 Swansea 's Gylfi Sigurdsson and Spurs ' Christian Eriksen top the list , while Hull midfielder Sam Clucas proves he 's got a very good engine
3 Worked out by average per game , it 's no surprise to see N'Golo Kante in the thick of things
Using data from Opta , we looked at the players who had played a minimum of 10 Premier Leagues games this campaign , and there were perhaps a few surprising names on the list .
Central defensive midfielders and full-backs largely rule the roost , with Hull 's Sam Clucas , James Milner and N'Golo Kante ( of course ) completing the top five players for total distance covered , but Liverpool 's Roberto Firmino and Spurs ' Dele Alli also make the respective charts .
The Trump administration 's decision to halt the covert CIA program of arming ‘ moderate rebels ' in Syria was lambasted in the mainstream press , but for those paying attention , this was an intelligent move — namely , because those ‘ moderate rebels ' are actually terrorists .
Now , new information reveals that Syrians displaced by the ongoing US-sponsored regime change operation are now returning home in large numbers , according to a Switzerland-based migration agency .
On Friday , the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) said that nearly 603,000 Syrian refugees displaced by the war began to return to their cities and villages in the first seven months of this year .
Ironically , the number of Syrian refugees returning home nearly matched the 685,662 people who returned during the whole of 2016 , according to IOM spokesperson Olivia Headon .
According to a report by Al Jazeera :
And while Trump 's decision to stop a covert CIA program to funnel weapons to groups that record themselves beheading children should be praised by the media , it was instead labeled as a pro-Russian move by the mass media propagandists .
In reality , much of the opposition forces fighting against the Syrian government are aligned with al-Qaeda and ISIS factions . Thus , the move to stop the flow of arms to terrorist affiliates should have been applauded as part of the larger struggle against Islamic extremism .
In fact , this move by Trump was actually proposed in legislation by Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard in the House and Senator Rand Paul in the Senate .
“ For years , our government has been providing both direct and indirect support to these armed militant groups , who are working directly with or under the command of terrorist groups like Al-Qaeda and ISIS , all in their effort and fight to overthrow the Syrian government , ” Gabbard said earlier this year .
As the Free Thought Project reported in April , the US knew al-Qaeda leader al-Zawahiri called on Muslims in Turkey and the Middle East to aid the rebels in the Free Syrian Army . From this day forward , the lines between who Al-Qaeda or the ‘ rebels ' actually were — became heavily blurred . But , according to a State Department email , the United States did not care as they knew Al-Qaeda was on their side .
As the email states :
Once this wire went out to multiple departments in the form of an Ops Alert , apparently there was originally some concern about Al-Qaeda joining the ranks of the US-supported rebels — who are being used by the American Deep State to destabilize Syria on behalf of special interests .
Tellingly , in a reply to then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Jake Sullivan let her know that Al-Qaeda “ is on our side in Syria . ”
Without question , the covert CIA program precipitated the rise of the “ moderate rebel ” factions that led to the massive refugee crisis seen in Syria . Syrians who remain internally displaced number at about 800,000 , many of whom have fled violence and strife for the second or third time , according to the IOM . An estimated 808,661 people have been newly displaced this year , “ many for the second or third time , ” Headon said .
According to journalist Vanessa Beeley , reporting from Syria
When analyzing the massive refugee crisis precipitated by the Syrian conflict , it becomes clear that U.S. moves in support of terrorists in Syria have little to do with the welfare of the Syrian people , and everything to do with a regime change operation intent on installing a US-backed puppet government .
Top photo : Syrian refugees are seen within a tent at the railway station of Sid , where Serbian authorities load trains with refugees to Crotia . Sid , Serbia , Friday , Nov. 6 , 2015 ( AP/Manu Brabo )
© The Free Thought Project
New England Patriots owner and prominent Jewish philanthropist Robert Kraft has donated $ 6 million for the construction of a new , multi-purpose sports facility in Jerusalem , the city 's municipality announced in a statement Tuesday .
The donation , designed to beef up sports in the Israeli capital , was pledged as part of the celebrations marking the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem and the 20th anniversary of Maccabiah Games , which will be hosted in the city next year .
The Kraft Family Sports Campus is being built in the Arazim Valley on the Western outskirts of Jerusalem , and is scheduled to open in the summer of 2017 .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ The Kraft Family Sports Campus is a central part of my vision for Jerusalem as an international capital of sport and athleticism , ” Mayor Nir Barkat said . “ My dear friend , Robert Kraft , has been an unwavering partner in the growth and development of Jerusalem . ”
The state-of-the-art facility will include soccer fields , a dual-use US regulation football and soccer field , locker rooms and administrative offices and pedestrian walkways . The statement from Barkat 's office said plans to add additional athletic facilities to the complex were “ in the pipeline . ”
“ The Kraft Family Sports Campus allows me to invest in two things that I have always been very passionate about : My love of Israel and my support for youth athletics and team sports , especially American football , ” Robert Kraft said .
“ I have seen the positive impact team sports can have , not just on the individuals who participate , but in the communities that support them . They help unify those who might otherwise be divided by cultural differences . ”
The sports complex is being built in collaboration with the Jerusalem Foundation and the Jerusalem Development Company .
Over decades , Kraft has given more than $ 100 million to numerous institutions and organizations , many of them Jewish or Israeli .
One of his most distinctive philanthropic interests is the support of sports , particularly American football , in Israel . The artificial-turf athletic field near the main entrance to Jerusalem , the Kraft Family Stadium , is a Kraft gift that 's used for soccer , baseball and American football games .
'Phelps bong ' owner , seven others arrested RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday February 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Michael Phelps , the US swim star who won a record eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics , will decide in the next two months whether or not he will compete at the 2012 London Olympics .
Phelps , suspended for three months by USA Swimming after a picture of him with a marijuana pipe was published by a British newspaper last week , will make his decision before climbing back into the pool for his next competitive race .
`` It will take a few months , '' Phelps told the Baltimore Sun . `` I 'll give it 30 or 60 days . I think it will be better . I 'm already happier now than I was , just having some part of my life back to normal , being able to swim again , having fun , joking around . ''
Meanwhile , a news report Tuesday indicates that the not-as-famous guests at the party are turning out to be not-as-lucky as Phelps . A South Carolina paper notes that police have made eight arrests already .
`` The Richland County Sheriff 's Department has been taking a lot of heat from people in this country and all over the world , '' WIS10 reports . `` They want to know why Sheriff Leon Lott is going after Michael Phelps . ''
The report continues , `` Many are saying the sheriff should concentrate on more serious crimes , or at the very least , not focus solely on the Olympic champion when there were others at the party who were also breaking the law . ''
`` Now it appears the case has expanded beyond Phelps ' activities , '' WIS10 reports , adding `` that since investigators began trying to build a case , they 've made eight arrests : seven for drug possession and one for distribution . These are arrests that resulted as the sheriff 's department served search warrants . ''
The TV station notes that the bong was also confiscated by the police department , and the owner - who apparently tried to get $ 100,000 for it on eBay - was one of the eight arrested .
Phelps , 23 , is pondering his future after a media frenzy that followed the publication of the photograph from a party in South Carolina , one that cost him a sponsorship from cereal-maker Kellogg , whose deal expires at month 's end .
Phelps has been working out here in his hometown , where children clamor for his autograph and to have pictures taken with him , even after the uproar and the sleepless nights that followed .
`` I 'm not feeling too good physically , but I 'm actually able to sleep now . I had a real hard time sleeping over the last two weeks or so , '' Phelps said . `` Just swimming and thinking about everything going on . Everything is back to what I call normal , I guess . ''
Whether Phelps wants to swim at an Olympics in the nation where his troubling photo was published is uncertain , but the swim star said he has been able to laugh at being the butt of jokes over the matter .
`` Unemployment is high . Foreclosures are high . Michael Phelps is high , '' joked comedian David Letterman , who also spoke of a day being 23 and cloudy before saying , `` No , wait , that 's Michael Phelps . ''
Phelps went from hosting the season opener of Saturday Night Live to being a punch-line for the famed US sketch comedy television show , which took issue with Kellogg dropping Phelps and the person who took the photograph .
`` If you 're at a party and you see Michael Phelps smoking a bong and your first thought is n't 'Wow , I get to party with Michael Phelps ' and instead you take a picture and sell it to a tabloid , you should take a long , hard look in the mirror , '' cast member Seth Meyers said during the Phelps-related segment .
`` I saw the SNL skit and I was just dying . We definitely got a huge kick out of it , '' Phelps said . `` My mom saw it , my sisters saw it , and everyone was e-mailing each other and sending each other the link , so it was pretty good . ''
This video is from WIS , broadcast Feb 9 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( with wire reports )
The Honorable Sheri Pym :
Magistrate Judge
Central District of California 3
470 12th Street Riverside , CA 92501
Dear Honorable Judge Sheri Pym :
I am writing you concerning the current case No . 5:16-cm-00010-SP :
IN THE MATTER OF THE SEARCH OF AN APPLE IPHONE SEIZED DURING THE EXECUTION OF A SEARCH WARRANT ON A BLACK LEXUS IS300 , CALIFORNIA LICENSE PLATE 35KGD203 .
I am an expert on terrorism , border security , and politics . I have followed the case in question , and more importantly cases that mirror the case No . 5:16-cm-00010-SP . The cases that mirror the case at hand are :
-The Ft . Hood shooting executed by Nidal Malik Hasan on 5 November 2009
-The Boston Marathon bombing executed by Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev on 15 April 2013
-The September 11 , 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center led by Mohamed Atta
-The Nada Nadim Prouty , née Al-Aouar Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and
Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) spy-mole case
In each of these cases , authorities , including the FBI were warned of imminent attacks , or/and the FBI vetted/investigated the attacker/spy or failed to properly investigate these individuals despite repeated warnings concerning all of the named . This same modus operandi is true of the San Bernardino terrorist attack executed by Tashfeen Malik and Syed Farook 2 December 2015 . Directly put your Honor , authorities were warned of imminent attacks in the Spring and Summer of 2015 . The attacks described are exactly the attacks carried out in San Bernardino , and Paris , France 13 November 2015 .
Those warned included :
-New York Police Commissioner William Bratton
-The Police union of New York City
-High ranking Police Commanders in Los Angeles , Detroit , Las Vegas , Miami , and Chicago
-A high ranking European Union negotiator , refugee , Constitutional , and security expert
The State Department , a General involved in intelligence and national security , the Homeland Security Committees in the House and Senate were also warned imminent attacks . In each case the authorities and entities named , chose to take no action to prevent the attacks .
This unfortunately this is the norm , and not the exception when it comes to the FBI , CIA , or other security and intelligence agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) or the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) and basic physical security . Basic physical security does not exist within the American security and intelligence apparatus and this irrefutable fact is THE cause and the root cause of current case before this court . The FBI/DOJ and other security and intelligence agencies doing the equivalent of a bank corporation that follows the policy of their banking branches having not only no locks , but having no doors and blaming their alarm company for the certain and numerous robberies that occur at these branches . The lack of doors , including the lack of a vault door is the cause of the robberies , not the alarm company or its security system . T
The FBI/DOJ , State Department , CIA , DHS , all had the responsibility to properly vett , investigate , and if necessary physically stop Tashfeen Malik and Sayed Farook from entering the United States of America , not Apple . As with the other cases mentioned , there were numerous of warning signs and blatant indications that Ms. Malik and Mr. Farook were involved in terrorism . If the DOJ/FBI are allowed to `` pass the buck '' down to Apple , it guarantees more and more disastrous terrorists attacks of the nature of San Bernardino . Apple can not be the doomsday fall guy for American national security and intelligence entities . As the evidence in the case at hand demonstrates , there were dozens if not hundreds of opportunities to interrupt or stop the San Bernardino attack that could have and should have been taken advantage of . There is a lack of professionalism , competence , and leadership that is at the core of the successful terrorist attacks that have been executed on American soil . The pattern is obvious and chronic .
In addition to the lack of competent leadership and working model for DHS and the DOJ in regards to national security , the case in question concerning the FBI and Apple also reeks of a politically motivated witch hunt . The pursuit of Apple is bringing the following into question :
-Why would the DOJ/FBI pursue Apple so publicly ?
-Based on the statements of former National Security Agency ( NSA ) Director Michael Hayden regarding the NSA 's capabilities , former Obama administration top military intelligence chief Michael Flynn , and the top NATO commander US Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove , how could the current FBI actions against Apple not be politically motivated ?
1 ) From Admiral Hayden :
Michael Hayden has an interesting story to tell about the iPhone . He and his wife were in an Apple Store in Virginia , Hayden , the former head of the United States National Security Agency ( NSA ) , said at a conference in Washington recently . A salesman approached and raved about the iPhone , saying that there were already `` 400,000 apps '' for the device . Hayden , amused , turned to his wife and quietly asked : `` This kid does n't know who I am , does he ? Four-hundred-thousand apps means 400,000 possibilities for attacks . '' ( Der Spiegel 9 September 2013 )
2 ) President Barack Obama 's former top military intelligence official said Tuesday that the White House ignored reports prefacing the rise of ISIS in 2011 and 2012 because they did not fit its re-election `` narrative . ''
`` I think that they did not meet a narrative the White House needed . And I 'll be very candid with you , they just did n't , '' retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency , told CNN 's Jake Tapper on `` The Lead . '' ( CNN 2 December 2015 )
3 ) Terrorists , criminals and foreign fighters are part of the daily refugee flow into Europe , the top NATO commander in Europe told lawmakers , “ masking the movement ” of these dangerous elements and heightening the potential for an attack .
In testimony Tuesday before the Senate Armed Services Committee , US Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove said the Islamic State extremist group is “ spreading like a cancer ” within this mix , “ taking advantage of paths of the least resistance , threatening European nations ” and the United States .
In response to a question about whether the Islamic State will continue to infiltrate refugee flows , Breedlove said , “ I think that they are doing that today. ” ( NY Post 1 March 2016 )
The statements of these seasoned , expert , intelligence , and security experts validate my assertions . The case in question is not about encryption nor security , but a lack of accountability and politics , more specifically the 2016 Presidential and Congressional elections . ( Complete details of the reality of the dangerous state of DHS and the DOJ can be found on this site erected by myself http : //theapplenarrative.simplesite.com/ ) .
The situation described by the three intelligence and military personnel above are the norm not the exception in regards to the behavior and actions of the political , intelligence , and security leadership of the United States of America . I personally have experienced such politicizing of national security first hand as the the attached documents indicate .
In conclusion , I would also stress that if Apple is forced to create a `` backdoor '' encryption app or similar for the FBI/DOJ , not only will it open the United States to devastating cyberattacks , but it will result in the American tech industry and Apple losing their position as the # 1 industry and corporation respectively in the highly competitive global technology industry . Additionally , the requests would never end due to DHS and the DOJ not being functioning security entities . The political elite would just make it standard operational procedure to both `` blame Apple '' and use Apple as its core defense against terrorist threats rather than address the genesis of the issue at hand and develop a security model that has a chance of working .
I thank you for your time and consideration .
Sincerely ,
Jerome Almon
BIO
-I am a university lecturer/expert on domestic violence , international politics , terrorism , and urban crime . I worked under global experts Dr. 's Mitja Zagar ( Slovenia and co-author of their Constitution/Syrian refugee & security expert/Top EU negotiator ) , Otto Feinstein head of the Urban Agenda and author of Ethno-Development , Richard Mansbach-CIA consultant , and worked on the UN project at the University of Toronto the Delphi Project out of Belgium . Recommendation on a security issue led to DHS changing its border policy and NYC spending $ 600 million to correct a catastrophic security flaw . I have been the target of an Al Jazeera documentary due to my correct predictions as well as featured on the front page of the most visited Jihadist website on Earth for a decade .
All it took was an email and a phone call to call me out of retirement . I 've long faced the reality that my writing days for Icrontic were over . My days of benchmarking were done . But here I am , writing for Icrontic Gaming because Icrontic Editor Brian “ primesuspect ” Ambrozy and THQ Community Manager ( and Icrontian ) Mat “ Sledgehammer70 ” Everett knew exactly which buttons to push .
I 'm a die-hard Warhammer 40K fan . My introduction to the tabletop game by Games Workshop came in high school and for the past 15 years I 've spent thousands of hours ( and hundreds of dollars ) playing army men games , painting plastic figures , and rolling dice . I know all the backstory , the characters and the factions . It 's a sad and nerdy addiction .
And when Sledge and Prime told me they wanted to fly me to California on behalf of THQ and Relic Games to give my thoughts on their new 3rd person action shooter , Space Marine , I jumped at the chance .
Space Marine is n't the first Warhammer 40K video game , but it is the first time players have had a front row seat to witness the carnage of the Warhammer 40K universe . It 's also the first console game Relic has done with the Warhammer 40K property . Sure , I wanted to see if Space Marine was a good game , but I also wanted to see more . Since 2004 , Relic has worked with Games Workshop to bring the the 40K universe to life through the wildly successful Dawn of War and Dawn of War II games—yet I was skeptical that they could translate the grim darkness of 40K 's gothic future into a game that stayed true to the game 's 25 years of history . This time , they 're messing with my baby . This time it 's personal .
Over the course of a full day , a small group of computer gamers , console gamers , FPS gamers , tabletop gamers , podcasters , fanboys , and an award-winning miniature painter hung out at THQ and Relic team HQ and played the Xbox 360 pre-production build of the game in single-player and 8 vs. 8 multi-player modes .
Single Player
Single player puts you in control of Ultramarines Capt . Titus , a 7-foot-tall , 900 pound galactic badass . He 's a Space Marine . He has been bio-engineered to be one of the greatest killing machines in the universe . And he 's been sent to a forge world ( think planet-sized war machine factory ) to stop an Ork invasion . Warhammer 40K 's Orks fit in the standard fantasy definition of the race , but carry giant guns , ridiculous axes , and attack in large hordes . They pose a real threat , but Titus is just as much a threat to a horde of them as they are to him .
The first few levels are you typical tutorial stuff—move , strafe , attack , etc . This is where you learn to grasp the most important aspect of Space Marine . There is no health . The only way to keep Titus alive amidst the onslaught of bullets and blades is by stunning enemies and then performing incredibly gruesome execution moves on them . It 's simple to do—attack to weaken the enemy , then perform a stun attack . Stunned enemies show up with a hovering icon above them . If you hit the power attack button and hit a stunned enemy the game goes into a Max Payne-esque cinematic slow-motion mode where Titus performs one of many kill moves in gory detail , and some of your health is restored . It 's epic stuff in the vein of 300 and Gladiator . Axing an enemy in the head or bludgeoning him to death with his own shield provides truly memorable moments .
In a world where every enemy is also potentially a health pack , it seems like it 's too easy , but Relic came prepared . Performing epic attacks does n't stop you from getting beaten up—just as you 're ripping the jaw off an Ork Nob ( they 're the big Orks with the best weapons ) , all the Orks around you are inflicting damage . This is n't a movie cut scene—you 're still vulnerable . Very , very vulnerable .
The game is n't all close combat . It 's shooting too , and this is where Relic worked video game magic with the Darksiders engine . Switching between close combat and shooting is seamless and easy . It does n't matter if you 're in the middle of an axe swing—you can still aim your pistol and shoot an enemy . This works well during slow-motion execution sequences too . The camera changes slightly , but it 's never a jarring transition like in Grand Theft Auto , for example . It 's smooth . According to the developers , it 's also crazy complex and part of why there wo n't be an SDK for modders for this game ( sorry kids ) .
Cranking it up even more , Titus has a fury meter on the lower left side of the screen that , when fully charged , can be activated to give him true bullet time with increased accuracy and damage for all his attacks . When activated , Titus also will gain health from any enemy he kills . Sometimes popping your Fury is all you can do to stay alive .
The single-player story takes Titus all around the Forge World where he fights Orks and the forces of Chaos with the help of the Imperial Guard and a few fellow Ultramarines , as they try to prevent the baddies from procuring the Forge World 's ultimate weapons , the Titan—a multi-story-tall battle robot capable of leveling cities .
Simon Watts , the global communications manager for THQ , said the single player experience takes between 8 and 12 hours to complete with the sweet spot being between 10 and 11 hours for your average gamer . From what I could see , the story is compelling enough for gamers not familiar with the 40K universe . It also helps that the voice acting includes Mark Strong from Rock ‘ n Rolla , Green Lantern and Kick Ass as Titus along with other well-known Brits , and the soundtrack was done by Cris Velasco and Sascha Dikiciyan who did God of War , Borderlands , Quake I and II and Starcraft II .
Multi-Player
After you 've beat the game , there 's got ta be more to do . In comes multi-player . Space Marine comes with 8 v 8 multi-player . It 's Chaos Marines vs Space Marines in Annihilation ( first team to hit a set number of kills ) or Seize Ground objective maps . Both modes are equally fun but I 'm prone to the teamwork you get in the take-and-hold missions . The slow-motion cinematics are gone .
There are three playable classes per side :
Tactical Space Marine / Chaos Space Marine—Players can equip a two-handed ranged weapon and wield a combat knife in close combat .
Assault Marine / Raptor—Players have a jump pack that allows them to be agile , jumping around the battlefield and performing awesome ground pound attacks from the air . They carry melee weapons and a pistol side-arm .
Devastator / Havoc—Players carry heavy weapons but are limited to only a powerful kick as their lone melee attack .
Team gameplay really captured the enthusiasm of our test group and we found the most enjoyable experience came with slightly smaller teams . One round we went 5 vs 5 and found it let us live a bit longer and work together a bit more to really give both sides a run for the money . The classes are very well balanced but still different enough to each have their own unique play style . Three classes does n't sound like much when you come from playing Team Fortress 2 , but where Space Marine lacks in class diversity , it more than makes up for in customization .
As you play multiplayer and gain achievements , players will level up and unlock more weapons options along with weapon perks and class perks . Each class loadout has two perk slots where players can choose to customize their play experience with the perks they 've unlocked . It works similar to Call of Duty 's system—perks modify how weapons behave or how the player plays . Some increase the rate health regains , while others improve weapons in a number of ways . There are 41 levels in Space Marine , and by the time you 've hit level 41 you should have all the perks and weapons available to you in multi-player .
Furthermore , appearances are also fully customizable . Players can choose to mix-and-match multiple armor pieces for their marines and have full control of their colors and shoulder markings . Defaults exist based on Space Marine and Chaos Marine Chapters from the tabletop game , but players can control every detail of how they look if they want . Relic went so far as to incorporate the entire line of Games Workshop paints so tabletop players could use the customizer in Space Marine to mock paint their entire army without ever getting a brush wet if they choose .
P.S . Co-Op mode
Try as hard as we could , Relic and THQ would do nothing more than confirm that there will be five player co-op for Space Marine . TZJEB-IB4BF-HA5MQ
DLC
They were much more forthcoming about DLC . There is a ton of DLC in the works for Space Marine . Players will be able to purchase skin packs which add more chapter-specific models to the customizer for multi-player . Along with skin packs , the special pre-order exclusive weapons will become future DLC for everyone , and there 's potential for more weapons to be added to the game . Our group practically begged for Power Fists ( a big arm capable of punching through tanks ) and Lightning Claws ( two clawed gauntlets capable of ripping through people ) to be added . Finally , it sounds like more maps will come out as future content . Fingers crossed .
From a gamer standpoint , I see Space Marine as a potential hit . The story draws you in and gives you sweet graphics and brutal carnage in return . The multi-player will drive sales and keep people engaged . It 's win-win . As a Warhammer 40K game , however , it 's stellar . All the little details in the game , once you know what to look for , give me that much more of an appreciation for the product . They did n't just get the gameplay right ; they took the time to get the details correct . This is the first time I 've been able to explore the world of Warhammer 40K on a screen , in first-person . It 's a huge step forward for the franchise .
So there you have it . Space Marine will hit the shelves and Steam September 6 , available for PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 . It 's worth pre-ordering . I 'll go so far as to recommend the Special Edition for anyone familiar with the 40K universe . Tabletop gamers and Dawn of War fans will love the special edition , which comes with the game , a beautiful hardbound art book , the soundtrack , some cool cards featuring the game 's characters , and a Purity Seal magnet to adhere to your case and show full devotion to the Emperor of Man , just like what Space Marines adhere to their armour . It 's an awesome set .
But maybe my take has n't convinced you . The playable demo , which features multiplayer and single player both , will be out on Xbox 360 and PC August 23 , and PS3 August 24 . Players who pre-ordered the game through Steam can get it now . Give it a shot , For the Emperor !
Will city council go wee-wee-wee all the way to an animal bylaw change ?
That 's the hope of one ­Londoner , who wants the rules banning pigs as domestic animals tweaked to permit so-called teacup pigs — basically cute , little piglets — in homes across the city .
“ Teacup pigs have become very popular because of their intelligence , small size and affectionate nature , ” Holly Beuerman writes in a letter going to politicians this week .
“ The current bylaw allows for other exotic animals such as various lizards and snakes to be kept as long as they measure a certain length or are a certain weight .
“ I would think a snake . . . would pose a greater threat than a small pig that is kept indoors . ”
The letter from Beuerman , a self-described “ animal lover ” and “ pig enthusiast , ” underscores the complex and ever-changing world of municipal pet regulation . It 's safe to assume this is the first time the term “ teacup pig ” has appeared on a city hall agenda in London .
Her request , while seemingly small , also reflects the “ diversity ” of local government , says the chair of the council committee that will ­debate it .
“ We deal with multi-million-dollar planning applications and we deal with pets , ” Coun . Virginia Ridley said , adding animals are an example of a municipal issue that “ impacts the daily lives ” of ­residents .
She 's not sure , though , whether she 's pro-piglet .
“ I 'm not closed to it , ” said Ridley , whose own family has a dog and two cats . “ But having our staff giving us a bit more information will be helpful . ”
A report last year by CBS News described a slew of U.S. owners ditching their teacup pigs after they grew larger than breeders had predicted . The animals reportedly sell for thousands of dollars each .
In her letter , Beuerman suggested any bylaw change include restrictions limiting piglets ' weight and requiring they be spayed or neutered .
The matter will be debated by council 's community and protective services committee on Wednesday .
Big Game USA , the premier manufacturer of official Football Bowl Subdivision college game balls , has partnered with Prova Group to release revolutionary smart chips to authenticate and track footballs .
The device , called gametagTM , can track the life of each football , recording its history and ensuring authenticity . The gametagTM equipped footballs provide a complete historical timeline allowing each tagged ball to have a story of its own that can be accessed via the gametag app .
Before gametagTM , collectible footballs had to be verified through an expensive and lengthy expert analysis and third party opinion process . Big Game embeds a gametagTM near the football 's laces , using the app , the ball can be tracked from the moment it leaves the factory . Once tracking begins , the history of the ball is recorded and all activity is sent to a secure database operated by Prova .
`` Gametag is cutting-edge technology that immediately changes the way game balls are authenticated , while also improving quality control of official college footballs we produce , '' said Chris Calandro , founder of Big Game USA . `` We love the idea that the life of our footballs can now be tracked and preserved alongside the history of the game . ''
Prova 's patented process connects smartphone apps to a secure cloud database enabling users to access each football 's history , including manufacture date and location , whether the football was used in practice or a collegiate game , big plays and much more . Prova will release the app for free download in the Google Play Store for Android users this fall , with later availability in the Apple App store .
`` The days of marking footballs with ankle tape and Sharpies are long gone , '' said Haroon Alvi , CEO of Prova Group . `` The concept of smart chipping footballs leaves no room for error and is a game-changer for football , its fans and sports memorabilia collectors . ''
Texas A & M will be the first to unveil gametagTM in its August 28 game against South Carolina . The Navy football team will use the technology in its opening game against Ohio State on Saturday , August 30 at 12 noon ( ET ) on CBS Sports Network .
`` We 're excited about the ability to track our game balls with gametag , '' said Greg Morgenthaler , assistant athletic director at Navy . `` The technology gametag uses is unlike anything we 've ever seen . ''
Beginning this season , gametagTM technology will be used in all Texas A & M , Navy , Mississippi State and Nebraska games .
About Big Game USA
Big Game USA is the premier manufacturer of official Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) college game balls . Its premium leather footballs , from regulation to commemorative , are all handmade at Big Game 's facility in Dallas . The company is the largest American-owned football factory and ships more FBS collegiate footballs than any other company in the world .
About Prova Group , Inc .
Prova Group , Inc. is a mobile and web technology company pioneering the use of smart chips , smartphones and cloud based technologies to deliver game-changing solutions to protect fans and consumers from counterfeit goods .
Apple has removed an unofficial Wikileaks app from sale in the iTunes App Store just five days after it went live .
WikiLeaks App went live on 17 December - meaning Apple will have approved it - offering access to the site 's leaked documents and the latest updates from the official Wikileaks Twitter account . It automatically forwards to mirrored Wikileaks content and gives full access to CableGate information .
Developer 'Igor Barinov ' , or @ wikileaksapp on Twitter , said the app was removed `` without reasons ' by Apple . He 'd earlier said that half the money raised from sales of the app , which cost $ 1.99 , would be donated to Wikileaks and claimed $ 1,000 had been raised by Sunday , mostly from US sales . Barinov appears to be based in Russia .
He got this standard message from Apple :
The app is still available to download from apptrackr.org though be warned - this site itself admits it 'borders on the edge of legality ' . Various commenters on this TechCrunch post suggested resubmitting it as a free app , or trying out the handful of Wikileaks apps on the Android store . They include Wikileaks v1.0.0 by Michael Healy , which gives access to the documents , Wikileaks Widget by Jeff Kowalski , which gives a running total of the number of cables released on your phone 's home screen , and the more comprehensive Wikileaks Secret Cables app .
The main Wikileaks.ch site is back online now and accessible in the US . But what the app provided was an interface that provided access to the content combined with a way to make a donation . Making donations has become much more convoluted since PayPal , Mastercard and Visa withdrew services . Amazon also cut off Wikileaks by terminating its hosting agreement ( it would be interesting to see what else is still hosted by them ? ) - giving the impression that this is an orchestrated campaign rather than a series of independent business-focused decisions .
Various tweeters have said this could invite hackers to add Apple to the hit list , while more consumer-level boycotting is unlikely to make any serious dent in Apple 's bottom line or its credibility . But this is all part of the momentum behind the campaign to silence Wikileaks , and ultimately to extradite Julian Assange .
Congrats to Index ( Dallas-Fort Worth , Texas ) for winning the 2017 Shop Showdown ! Back for the third year in a row , TransWorld SKATEboarding and Dew Tour have teamed up to host the Shop Showdown video contest on skateboarding.com . 16 shops across the country were tasked to create a 3-5 minute video edit in the span of one month featuring their best shop riders . With no pro involvement , this contest is 100 % crafted to shine some light on the underdogs who constantly put in work for their local shops from coast to coast .
All 16 videos will be posted to skateboarding.com and bracketed against each other in groups of four until the final 4 videos are determined through a blend of audience voting and expert analysis by the TWS edit staff and select pros from the Mountain Dew skate team . The winning team will be flown to Long Beach , California , to attend Dew Tour on June 15th where four of their shop riders will compete head-to-head on the newly updated Dew Tour course in the amateur contest , which will be broadcasted shortly after on NBC Sports . The winning shop will receive a $ 5,000 cash prize , 2-page editorial feature in an upcoming issue of TransWorld SKATEboarding , an all-expense paid trip to California and much , much more .
See it all unfold right here and follow along on social media using # ShopShowdown2017 !
Shop Quick Links
35th Ave. | Damage | East 4th | Emage | Half n ' Half | Homebase | Index | Long Beach Skate | Nine One Skate | PLUSkateboarding | Prime | PUSH | Rukus | Sixth Avenue | Tactics | Theory Skate Shop
There are many coincidences in life . Every day -- in a world with billions of things happening -- there are bound to be events that just seem to be related . There are also deliberate acts that seem to be coincidence .
As consumers of news it 's our job to read between the lines and decide for ourselves what 's coincidence and what 's deliberate .
Two things happened yesterday :
1 ) Hundreds of lab-coated scientists marched on Parliament Hill proclaiming the death of evidence ( a nice play on the Death of Innocence because there really has been a change in Ottawa where facts and figures no longer play a role in policy formulation ) ; and
2 ) The Harper government announced Health Canada would study the ( already well-studied ) health effects of living near wind turbines .
Was it a coincidence or was it deliberate ? I suspect the latter and here 's why : The reality is this federal government does n't base policy on evidence so why do a study ?
The date gives us a hint as to possible intentions . This ‘ study ' will apparently be out in 2014 , just in time to potentially play a role in the next provincial election .
You might remember that in the lead-up to the last election in Ontario , along with a conveniently-formed anti-wind lobby group , the Hudak Conservatives tirelessly campaigned against wind energy .
Some political observers suspect the wind disinformation and fear-mongering campaign may have even cost the Liberals a majority in the last election .
Chief among the demands of the Ontario wind conspiracy theorists was the call for a health study ( they did n't like the existing scientific evidence ) . They just got it .
Is it just me or does this look like a case of the Conservative government using science as a political tool ?
Perhaps I 'm too cynical .
John Bennett , Executive Director
Sierra Club Canada
Executive.Director @ sierraclub.ca
John on Twitter
More from the Bennett Blog
A fully searchable edition of the largest body of texts detailing the lives of non-elite people ever published , containing 197,745 criminal trials held at London 's central criminal court . If you are new to this site , you may find the Getting Started and Guide to Searching videos and tutorials helpful .
To search the Proceedings use the boxes on the right or go to the Search Pages .
This site uses cookies . See our privacy policy .
February 2018 Update
Several bugs have been fixed and tagging errors corrected . In addition , the following new features have been added : '
Links have been added from individual trial accounts to relevant 'Life Archives ' of convicts in the Digital Panopticon . See below for more information .
Access to Old Bailey Online Data page lists current options for obtaining our text data , in order to encourage re-use . We have also clarified in our Copyright and Citation Guide the terms under which our data is made available for non-commercial use .
For more information , see What 's New ( February 2018 ) . The What 's New Archive contains details of previous updates .
The Digital Panopticon : The Global Impact of London Punishments , 1780-1925
This new AHRC funded website traces the lives of 90,000 convicts sentenced at the Old Bailey between 1780 and 1875 , linking Old Bailey trials to relevant entries in fifty databases of criminal justice and civil records , including the census . The 'Life Archives ' allow users to discover both the pre- and post-trial histories of Old Bailey convicts . They allow users to see differences between the punishment sentences handed down by the court and the punishments convicts actually experienced , and make it possible to compare the impact of the punishments of imprisonment and transportation on convicts ' lives .
About this Project
A collaboration between the Universities of Hertfordshire and Sheffield and the Open University , this project was funded by the Arts and Humanities Research Council and the Big Lottery Fund . Project Directors are Tim Hitchcock and Robert Shoemaker ; the project manager is Sharon Howard and the chief technical officer is Jamie McLaughlin . This website is published by HRI Online Publications , and technical services are provided by the Digital Humanities Institute at the University of Sheffield . See About this Project .
Getty Images
Saints quarterback Drew Brees has offered up an interesting analogy for NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell 's case that some of Brees 's coaches and teammates on the Saints were involved in a bounty program : Brees says it 's reminiscent of President George W. Bush 's case for the Iraq War .
On Monday , as reporters were scrutinizing about 200 pages of what the NFL says is a 50,000-page file of evidence in the Saints ' bounty program , Brees wrote on Twitter that he is n't buying it .
“ If NFL fans were told there were ‘ weapons of mass destruction ' enough times , they 'd believe it , ” Brees wrote . “ But what happens when you do n't find any ? ? ? ? ”
In the run-up to the Iraq War , the Bush Administration repeatedly said Saddam Hussein had stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , a claim that most Americans believed and that turned out to be false . Bush later called his biggest regret as president .
If I were Brees , I would n't hold my breath waiting for Goodell to call suspending the Saints his biggest regret as commissioner .
A man has posted pictures of his battered and bruised face following an attack by a stranger who beat him up over a slice of pizza .
Mark Sinclair , 29 , said he was walking home from a pub in Stenhousemuir , Scotland , last Wednesday night after having a drink with a friend when he stopped to buy a pizza .
At around 11:10 pm he said he was attacked by a man just 100 yards from his house .
Sinclair told The Daily Record : “ He said , ‘ Gim me a bit of your pizza ' , then started laying into me. ” He was kicked in the face and neck multiple times .
“ As far as I 'm aware it was only one guy but I got a bit groggy , so there could have been someone else , ” he said .
The attack left Sinclair with nerve damage in the back of his right eye , severe bruising and torn ligaments in his knee .
A friend suggested he post a photo of his battered face on Facebook to help track the assailant down .
He wrote on Facebook : “ Share this if you can , the more people who are aware then the more likely someone will come forward . ”
“ I thought I 'd put it up to generate some interest because the police have very little to go on . ”
The photo has been shared more than 2200 times .
Scottish Police are looking for two unidentified men in connection with the incident .
London is dying : culture and community replaced by security guards and Jamie 's Italians . But in one East London shopping centre , community spirit lives on .
London is dying . Where culture and community once blossomed , now private security guards and Jamie 's Italians now reign supreme . But in one drab East London shopping centre , a true skate community spirit lives on .
Share this ...
Linkedin
When London won its bid for the 2012 Olympics , communities in areas like Stratford in the east of the city were promised investment , regeneration and opportunity , even if they did n't want it . Five years after the games and a plummeting number of people take part in sport , while the area is brimming with unaffordable housing , and a tax-payer subsidised football ground sits on their doorstep .
But in the shadow the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park , there 's a strip of space that kids in this part of the capital are clinging onto . In the city of property developers , bottomless prosecco brunches , and anti-homeless spikes , this place is nothing short of an oasis .
By day the Stratford Centre is nothing more than a faded shopping precinct , the standard selection of market stalls , butchers , pound shops , and Burger Kings lining the fluorescent lit boulevards . When the sun goes down though , skaters , BMXers , dancers and bored locals suddenly take root .
Friday is the night of choice for regulars to come down and participate ; it 's when the stereos are loudest and the atmosphere most alive . Wednesdays are busy also , but you 'll find something happening here every night of the week .
Nobody is quite sure when this all started , but most people I speak to are certain this hub of creativity and community has been bubbling away for at least eight years , around the same time London 2012 brought exposure and investment to this corner of East London .
It 's drawn in local skaters every winter they can remember with its silky marble-like floor , while security guards steer clear , leaving those who stumble inside alone to carry on as they wish . In a city plastered with CCTV and private police forces , plots of grass that while once public have now been sold into private hands , it 's a welcome and rare respite from the capital 's sterilisation .
“ Security turn a blind eye . They 're nice about it because we try to be nice about it , ” slalom rollerskater CJ says while catching his breath . “ Most of us are here to ‘ train ' or just do our thing – there 's no hostility . ”
“ You get a lot of crazies here as well , ” CJ adds . “ You 're not quite sure what to expect each night . ”
For every kid with a board or a pair of skates , there 's a homeless person wrapped in a sleeping bag , a guy stomping through with a can of 9 percent lager , and a bewildered commuter coming home from their high-flying advertising job .
Even though skateboarding is heading for the Japan 2020 Olympics , it 's never needed a stadium . It feels especially true here , with the raw DIY spirit of skateboarding standing proudly in opposition to the polished sports facilities down the road .
With this unlikely clash of cultures playing out each night , the space is n't without its share of friction .
“ The security do get pissed off at some of the people down here , ” 19-year old skateboarder Phillip says grinning . “ That 's what the cameras are all about . There 's a security guard in some weird tower upstairs and if people start moving the fences around he starts talking to you on the tannoy speakers – ‘ Leave our stuff alone . ' He 's up there all night . ”
That said , relations are usually harmonious between the security , the locals , and the regulars . Since the space itself is such an outsider in its surroundings , it happily caters for the city 's own misfits too .
As a little haven from the surrounding drab uniformity , all varieties of skating are welcomed inside here too . Tony , who spends his evenings primo sliding across the floor and his days working for a skate clothing brand , says the Stratford Centre is oddly indifferent to often deep-felt divisions in street sports .
“ I 'm a freestyle skater , this is what I 've been doing for years , ” he tells me . “ But If you do n't fit into that niche of what [ the dudes at Southbank ] think skateboarding should be , you 're very much ostracised there . ”
“ Here , it 's all types of guys riding all types of boards , all types of tricks , ” he continues . “ You get that Southbank run-off , longboarders , old school skaters , even rollerskaters and breakers . It 's really nice to see the mix of styles and everyone appreciates different aspects of “ street culture ” or whatever the fuck the buzzword is nowadays . ”
It 's just a one minute walk across the street to Westfield Stratford City , an oversized shopping cathedral which towers above this community . But the two places could n't be in so many ways further apart . There 750 security cameras stare down on the glossy pathways and food courts , teenagers not spending – or wielding a skateboard – eyed with upmost suspicion .
A little further down the streets and it 's the husks of sports stadiums of London 2012 , a pocket of small business , craft beer bars , penthouse-tipped new developments , and £300-a-week student accommodation . It 's the typical story of a city that 's grown beyond the bulk of its inhabitants .
Except it 's not like that here .
“ In London everywhere is so tightly controlled and regulated . So you 're all corralled into skate spots that are n't fit for purpose and are n't big enough , ” Tony complains . “ In this place , you 've got space and you can practice without any problems . ”
“ It 's like a weird relic of old town planning laws and byway laws… I believe that what happened here was there was a public right of way through this space . When they started talking about building a shopping centre , they had to keep this right of way going . Basically , it had to be open all night too , so people started using it . ”
Tony is as pensive as you 'd expect a freestyle skater to be . As someone in the industry who 's seen trends within the scene come and go , even he is surprised at the durability of this little haven .
“ This is like a nerdy pet topic of mine , but in the Victorian era , it was kind of fashionable for the rich to give back their land back to the people… That 's when all the great parks of London really developed . A lot of places stayed like that until the Thatcher years . Everything then was just sold off to the highest bidder because private ownership was everything . ”
“ This is just one of the only spaces where that , for whatever reason , has never taken place . A real oddity , ” he says with a proud smile .
But nothing it seems is sacred in London . Just a few months ago , the centre was bought out by a new group of real estate fund managers for over £140 million . For the moment , it 's unclear whether they 'll continue to respect the equilibrium that for so long has reigned . This street culture throwback has survived the Thatcher years and now it 's withstood the Olympics . Maybe it can outride the new wave of pop-up bars and Deliveroo bikes too .
Enjoyed this article ? Like Huck on Facebook or follow us on Twitter .
The last week or so has been just about the most exciting time to be a hardcore longtime fan of Doctor Who ever : at midnight last night after months of frothing online speculation it was finally confirmed by the BBC that nine previously missing episodes of the show from the late 60s Patrick Troughton era had been recovered . And if that were not enough to cause severe palpitations across a large swathe of middle-aged men around the world the Beeb also announced that the episodes would be made available via iTunes with immediate effect , with DVDs to follow in the next few weeks .
Some context is probably called for here . Back in the days before home video players television was considered a pretty ephemeral medium and the idea of preserving and archiving entertainment programmes did n't really exist . The videotape on which shows were recorded was expensive but reusable so it made sense to wipe the tapes of broadcasts after a respectable interval had passed – the BBC even had a policy agreed with the actors ' union of not repeating programmes more than once , as it was felt that repeats cut down the time available for new commissions . Subsequently by the mid-70s the cupboard was pretty bare of vintage Who , though some episodes had managed to hang on to existence by dint of being transferred onto film for potential sale in other countries . By 1978 when the Corporation woke up to the possibility that they were destroying an exploitable asset there were only 118 black and white Doctor Who episodes known to exist , with 135 missing . Over the next few years recoveries were made in dribs and drabs from overseas television stations and private collectors , with the most notable find being all four parts of the Troughton story The Tomb Of The Cybermen which was reclaimed from Hong Kong in 1992 . After this last though it looked like that was that : in the next twenty years only another four episodes were located and by last year it seemed pretty unlikely that the missing episode count of 106 would be whittled down any further .
However . Doctor Who fans are nothing in not tenacious , and one in particular had the time and resources to actually travel to broadcasting companies across world in search of missing TV programmes . Philip Morris started his epic hunt round about the time that the successful revival of the programme hit our screens and has been trawling archives across Africa and beyond . His dedication paid off : the trail eventually led to a TV station in Jos , Nigeria where he found some highly interesting cans of film . The full results of his labours are yet to be revealed ( one persistent rumour suggests that he 's dug up something like ninety of the missing Who episodes , along with tonnes of other programmes that went AWOL in the 60s and 70s ) , but the discovery of just these nine episodes is mind-boggling enough , particularly as they represent the complete restoration of one Troughton six part stories The Enemy Of The World and the near-complete restoration of another , one of the fans ' absolute Holy Grails , The Web Of Fear ( aka The One With The Yetis In The London Underground . You know , the one where the Doctor meets the Brigadier ) . I know it 's basically just a children 's TV series we 're talking about here , and a fairly cheaply made one at that , but for those of the anorak persuasion this is on the order of someone suddenly popping up with ten hitherto-unsuspected Shakespeare plays , or five unreleased Beatles albums , or a revised version of the 1990 World Cup which shows England beating Germany on penalties in the semi-final and going on to lift the trophy . The 50th Anniversary year of Doctor Who has until now been something of a disappointment , with not even the casting announcement of the fabulous Peter Capaldi ( surely one of the two men on the planet best equipped to play the Doctor , and Benedict Cumberbatch has already let it be known he 's not interested ) really making up for the paucity of new episodes and the slightly so-what quality of those that have been screened , but it 's hard to imagine a better end to it than this .
I have n't downloaded the material as it perversely seems a bit too…well…easy , and I prefer to watch things on DVD rather than on computer screens anyway , but I 've seen a few clips from the recovered stories and they look bright , shiny and as in good nick as any of the stuff that 's been available for years . Pat Troughton looks like he 's having a whale of a time and is uncannily reminiscent of Matt Smith in places…or should that be the other way round ? This is an amazing find , and the possibility that it might just be the tip of an iceberg may be enough to make the whole of Who is a fandom spontaneously combust . Mr Morris , we thank you very much .
Advertisements
Adrian Ruiz , 42 , of Buda , Texas , is fighting a flesh-eating bacterial infection in a Kyle , Texas , hospital . ( Photo : Courtesy of the Ruiz family )
KYLE , Texas — For the second time in two weeks , a Texas man has been hospitalized with a flesh-eating bacterial infection after spending a day at the beach with his family .
Adrian Ruiz , 42 , of Buda , Texas , and his family went on a Father 's Day getaway to Port Aransas , Texas , near Corpus Christi . But Sunday he developed a headache and fever and noticed a red rash on his leg , according to Ruiz 's family .
The cause of the infection was diagnosed later in the week as Vibrio vulnificus bacteria , commonly known as flesh eating because its toxins kill skin cells they come in contact with through existing cuts and scrapes . Ruiz was admitted Monday to Seton Medical Center Hays in Kyle .
`` He is fighting to keep his leg , '' family members said Thursday in a statement .
The flesh-eating bacteria naturally occur in warm coastal waters and can infect when someone 's open wound is exposed to brackish or salt water , according to the Texas Department of State Health Services . The problem comes when an infection develops into necrotizing fascitiis , the flesh-eating disease that can be caused by at least a half dozen types of bacteria .
“ If we had known that there were flesh-eating bacteria in the water , we would n't have gotten in , ” Ruiz 's wife , Lashelle Ruiz , told KXAN-TV , Austin , Texas . At the time , officials knew about an infection that had occurred a week earlier on a Galveston , Texas , beach , but not any problems in Port Aransas .
The Ruiz family also went fishing in Rockport , Texas , about 15 miles northwest of Port Aransas , this past weekend but did not enter the water , Lashelle Ruiz told KRIS-TV , Corpus Christi .
“ If we had known that there were flesh-eating bacteria in the water , we would n't have gotten in. ” Lashelle Ruiz , Buda , Texas
On June 17 , doctors at Lyndon B. Johnson Hospital in Houston had to amputate the right leg of Brian Parrott , 50 , of Jacinto City , Texas , after he contracted a severe Vibrio infection on a June 12 beach trip to Galveston .
Parrott already has had a second surgery to flush the remaining portion of his limb with antibiotics in hopes of stopping the infection from creating further damage .
`` Doctors hope ( the infection ) is controlled , and they 're watching it real close , '' Parrott 's mother , Donna Dailey , told People magazine . `` Every time it seems like it 's getting better , then something else happens . ''
Parrott is diabetic , a condition that weakens his immune system and made him susceptible to Vibrio , according to the Houston Chronicle .
Doctors suspect that a scrape on his foot was the way the bacteria entered his body , his mother said .
About 100 deaths from various Vibrio strains of bacteria occur across the USA every year , and about 80,000 people contract the infection . But the illness most commonly occurs because of eating undercooked shellfish , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
In 2014 , the most recent year for which national figures are available , 124 people contracted Vibrio vulnificus ; 4 out of 5 were men . Most who became ill from the vulnificus strain did not ingest the bacteria , and 18 people died from it two years ago , according to the CDC report .
Follow KVUE-TV on Twitter : @ KVUE
Adrian Ruiz , 42 , of Buda , Texas , developed a rash on his leg June 19 , 2016 , that developed into boils . He is now in a Kyle , Texas , hospital with a Vibrio vulnificus infection and hoping that his leg wo n't be amputated . ( Photo : Courtesy of the Ruiz family )
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/28T7SMp
Chelsea Clinton says she is donating to the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) in the wake of Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he has n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE 's announcement on Friday of a government-wide effort to crackdown on leaks .
Part of the crackdown involves a Justice Department review of its policies on subpoenaing media organizations that publish leaked sensitive information .
The former first daughter quickly weighed in :
ADVERTISEMENT
The ACLU swiftly condemned the Sessions 's announcement as an attempt to clamp down on press freedom .
“ Every American should be concerned about the Trump administration 's threat to step up its efforts against whistleblowers and journalists , '' said Ben Wizner , the director of the ACLU 's Speech , Privacy and Technology Project . `` A crackdown on leaks is a crackdown on the free press and on democracy as a whole . ''
Former Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack , Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary : report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE revised Justice Department rules in 2013 , imposing new limits on subpoenaing journalists ' notes and other information that could help law enforcement officials identify leakers and anonymous sources .
New Jersey bashers Attacker have released a video sampler for the upcoming Sins Of The World album , to be released this coming fall on Italy 's Metal On Metal Records . Check it out below .
Back in May , Attacker hit Nuthouse Recording in Hoboken , NJ with producer engineer Tom Beaujour to begin the next chapter in Attacker music .
Drummer Mike Sabatini comments : `` To say we are all excited is an understatement since it 's been just over three years since Giants Of Canaan was released . We had already worked with Tom at Nuthouse when we laid down the tracks for the Riot song 'Fire Down Under ' that was featured on the Harder Than Steel CD , paying tribute to the bands that have graced the Keep It True Festival stage and the Thunder And Steel Down Under Riot Tribute album , both released on Skol Records . It 's about time we get the fire lit , get the album out and get back to the live stage with some new material for the fans of the band . ''
Sins Of The World will be the first to feature new bassist Brian Smith .
Watch the official Attacker Facebook page here for updates .
From March 1 , traders in Chennai will not sell mineral water brands and popular soft drinks of multinational corporations . They will encourage people to use Indian brands .
As per AM Vikrama Raja , Tamil Nadu Vanigar Sangangalin Peramaippu President , the whole of February would be spent on educating consumers and traders about the evils of foreign brands . He further added that these alien brands cause more harm to the body , and one of the company had admitted that it was not suitable for children to consume drinks as it contains certain harmful chemicals .
Mr Vikram Raja stated that association which has 6,000 affiliated member associations and 15.87 lakh members had been fighting Pepsico and Kinley from 1998 . They were not able to stop them as there were demands from consumers .
The campaign is being taken forward when during the protest by students demanding conduct of jallikattu , the youngsters sought the ban on these soft drinks as the companies draw out groundwater and mint profits outside the country .
The restaurants and hotels would also be asked not to sell these brands .
The General body meeting of the Peramaippu on Tuesday decided to hold the Annual Meeting in Villupuram on May 5 , 2017 .
The Milk dealers will also be not selling milk manufactured by the particular MNC .
Recent Ruling
The Madras High Court Bench headed by Justice MV Muralidharan and S Nagamuthu , on November 21 , 2016 , ordered SIPCOT ( State Industrial Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu ) to not supply water to Pepsi and Coca-Cola , which draws out several lakh litres of water from Thamirabani river .
This decision was welcomed by farmers and activists of the region who had been fighting a battle with the companies and the government . The argument was when the farmers of the state are bearing the brunt of the shortage of water and poor monsoons every year , then why do these companies have a steady supply of water for cheap and further deplete water from the ecosystem ?
The whole contention was framed as “ privatisation of water resources ” . It was cleared that the actual entity drawing out water was SIPCOT , which belongs to the government .
Read more on why it is important for us to preserve our groundwater resources .
All the little girls growing up in Pakistan have a single dream .
One day , when they are 18 or 19 , a fat and old man dressed all in flowing white , will alight from the first class cabin of a Saudi Airlines plane and step into a black Mercedes with tinted windows .
Racing through the crowded , decrepit streets of crumbling Karachi or Lahore or Multan or Faisalabad , the prince untouched by dust and grime , would alight at their doorstep .
In their drawing room , over sips of Rooh Afza and zeera biscuits , he would ask to marry her , and then whisk her away to the golden sands of Arabia .
No more , the impurities of an imperfectly Muslim Pakistan , no more the pressures of learning to make dal and biryani , driving through streets or attending school or college . Life in poor , angry , dirty Pakistan would come to an end ; life behind a tall , walled compound somewhere in serene , pristine , Arabia would begin .
The dream has been shattered .
A few days ago , the Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia made an announcement that has shattered the hearts of millions of Pakistani women devastating in a single blow the marital prospects of faithful females all over the country .
According to the proclamation which being from Saudi Arabia must be assumed to be holy , Saudi men are now forbidden from marrying Pakistani women .
The report , published among other places by the Makkah Daily , quotes the Makkah Police Director Assaf Al Qureshi saying that Saudi males must no longer marry women from Pakistan , Bangladesh , Chad and Myanmar .
An estimated 500,000 women from these countries have already betrothed their dream men from the desert kingdom . No more , it seems , will Pakistani women be able to realise their fantasy of wedding a Saudi man ; of living happily ever after in his walled compound with a collection of jeweled burqas next to a gurgling oil well .
In the aftermath of this romantic catastrophe , it is going to be the responsibility of Pakistani men to attend to the shortfall ; attend to the eviscerated expectations of the Saudi marriage ban .
In the absence of the real Saudi Prince , the much , much poorer Pakistani Prince will have to step in .
This pretend Prince is likely to face some significant challenges ; first of which is the ineradicable taint of being a lesser Muslim and an ethnic non-Arab ; all things everyone knows make you a lesser Muslim and perhaps even a lesser human being ( why else would Saudis forbid marriages between Arabs and non-Arabs ? ) .
Even if his potential Pakistani bride is able to overlook this glaring problem ; other issues remain . How can a bank clerk or a small businessman produce a walled compound , a collection of diamond encrusted burkas and most important of all ; an oil well ?
Once again , poor copies will have to do when originals are unavailable .
A single walled room instead of a compound .
A nylon burqa with fake rhinestones instead of a silk one with diamonds .
A tap with running water instead of an oil well .
Some assistance in making it all seem more real can be obtained by the provision of a television that broadcasts shows exclusively in Arabic . If no one can understand , no problem , the sounds of Saudi Arabia are , after all , still better than the silence of Pakistan .
This then is going to be the solution for millions of Pakistani women yearning for Saudi Princes . With a little co-operation from Pakistani men , they can still make it happen , settle for the fakes if they can not have the real thing . How the women of Bangladesh , Chad and Myanmar will deal with this blow is their own problem .
Given that Pakistanis are so used to illusions , it may even seem , from a distance and when the light falls at the correct angle , that the Pakistani princes , also fat , also old and also misogynistic , are exactly like the Saudi ones they ape and copy .
The nylon burqa , the walled room and the Arabic recordings , all making our very own Pakistan into a pretend Saudi Arabia , so every Pakistani girl , can have her pretend Saudi prince .
Five years after its initial release , does anyone care about James Cameron 's Avatar or its upcoming sequels ? Disney bet countess millions of dollars on a “ yes ” when it officially broke ground on The World of Pandora , a new expansion to their Animal Kingdom park at Disney World in Orlando , Florida . Although the actual park “ land ” is still a massive dirt pit filled with construction equipment , Disney has released a brief new video showcasing some of the technology and scenery that will be featured in their latest theme park endeavor and we 'd be lying if we said it did n't look awfully impressive .
The video is dialogue-free , but there 's no need for words . All you really need is the look of sheer terror on the faces of the Disney “ Imagineers ” ( and yes , non-theme park fans , that is what they call them ) as they give director James Cameron a tour of their progress so far . The video follows the famously detail-oriented/terrifying filmmaker as he examines fake alien foliage , tests out a bio-luminescent pathway that glows as you walk on it , and stares deep into the souls of the poor men tasked with pleasing him .
But the results of these designer 's labors look spectacular ! Only time will tell if some of the concept art is up to snuff ( can they really pull off those floating mountains ? ) , but when they turn off all of the lights and those Pandoran plants start to glow , it ‘ s easy to imagine the world of Cameron 's film really coming to life in a theme park setting . In an age where all of the major parks are battling each other to create more immersive experiences , this looks like next-level stuff .
It 's no secret that The World of Pandora is Disney 's attempt to directly battle Universal Studios 's massively popular and gorgeously executed Harry Potter-themed areas a few miles away . But that brings up the big question : even if this ends up being a perfectly executed recreation of the film , will it draw Potter-sized crowds ? People are still awfully fond of that boy wizard , but Avatar has fallen off the cultural map in a big way . With Avatar 2 delayed from its original release date , the estimated 2017 opening of The World of Pandora suddenly seems to be about a year too soon .
A television anime adaptation of Iqura Sugimoto 's Nana Maru San Batsu ( literally , `` 7 O 3 X '' or `` 7 Right , 3 Wrong '' ) manga has been green-lit . To celebrate the announcement , Sugimoto drew an illustration :
The manga centers around the club life and coming-of-age of high school students who challenge themselves in quiz competitions . Shiki Koshiyama is a book-loving boy who joins the quiz club at the urging of Mari Fukami , a girl who is an experienced quiz competitor .
Sugimoto launched the manga in Kadokawa 's Young Ace magazine in 2010 , and Kadokawa will publish the 13th compiled book volume on December 31 . A media adaptation was already announced as in the works in August . Sugimoto 's other works include the manga adaptation of Mamoru Hosoda 's Summer Wars anime film .
The anime 's official website is accepting submissions for quiz questions , and the chosen entries will be used in the anime itself and in future events .
Source : Comic Natalie
Being exposed to noise from wind turbines is only scientifically linked to one adverse health effect : chronic annoyance , a survey of research evidence shows .
A report released today by an expert panel of scientists finds `` sufficient evidence '' that exposure to swishing , thumping and other noises from wind turbines `` can contribute to annoyance . ''
If there were effects that were intense or prevalent , we would likely be seeing more evidence for them . - Tee Guidotti , researcher
But scientific evidence of other effects that some people have blamed on wind turbine noise – including stress , fatigue , nausea , dizziness , ringing in the ears , cardiovascular disease and diabetes – was `` inadequate '' to draw any conclusions about whether they are really linked to wind turbines , said the report titled Understanding the Evidence : Wind Turbine Noise , published today by the Council of Canadian Academies .
The scientific literature , `` is not complete or extensive enough to address all conceivable issues , '' said panel chair Tee L. Guidotti in a statement . `` However , it can give us a hint as to what may be there : annoyance and possibly sleep disturbance , though the evidence is limited .
`` Just as important , it can give us a hint as to what is probably not there . I would note that if there were effects that were intense or prevalent , we would likely be seeing more evidence for them . ''
Guidotti is a physician and public health expert who is currently Fulbright Visiting Chair at the Institute for Science , Society and Policy at the University of Ottawa .
According to the Canadian Wind Energy Association , at the end of 2014 there were enough wind turbines installed across Canada to potentially generate 9,694 megawatts of electricity – enough to power over two million homes .
Controversy over wind farms
But the installation of many wind projects has been controversial in their communities . Opponents have blamed the noise from wind turbines for a variety of health problems . In 2011 , a family in Thamesville , Ont. , launched a $ 1.5-million lawsuit against Suncor Energy , alleging nearby wind turbines were causing health problems including headaches , stress , sleep disturbances , ringing in the ears and depression .
In 2012 , in response to public concerns about possible health effects from wind turbines , Health Canada asked the Council of Canadian Academies to look into whether evidence exists to link exposure to wind turbine noise with adverse health effects .
The council is an independent , non-profit organization that provides evidence-based expert reports to federal government departments upon request , to help inform public policy .
Health Canada also conducted its own study and reported in 2014 that it found no link between wind turbine noise and health effects , including dizziness , chronic illnesses , stress or sleep disturbances .
The Council of Canadian Academies ' 10-member expert panel identified more than 30 symptoms and health effects that have been blamed on wind turbine noise in research literature , on the web and in legal decisions . Its members pored through reports on studies in scientific journals , at conferences and in other documents , and analyzed 41 that were relevant .
Turbines do n't cause hearing loss
In addition to the link between wind turbine noise and annoyance , the report found :
A relationship between wind turbine noise and sleep disturbances also `` might exist . ''
Wind turbine noise does not cause hearing loss .
The report 's inability to link wind turbine noise with health effects was `` mainly as a result of lack of evidence or problems with the quality of the evidence , '' the panel wrote .
Christian Giguère , a professor of audiology and speech-language pathology who was a member of the panel , said that 's largely because wind turbines are a relatively new source of noise and not that many studies have been done yet .
Some of the gaps have been filled by a new Health Canada study , he added , but that could not be included in the expert panel 's analysis , as it was released too late .
The panel made note of a number of gaps that still need to be addressed , such as the effects of wind turbines on vulnerable populations , such as infants , children , and people with inner ear problems . For example , Giguère said , it 's not known whether wind turbines could cause annoyance or affect cognitive development in children .
Canada 's Ahmadiyya Muslim community are today lauding the Federal Court of Appeal 's dismissal of the Harper government 's appeal to ban niqabs at citizenship ceremonies as a victory for religious freedom .
The row over niqabs first erupted in 2011 when Pakistani immigrant Zunera Ishaq refused to partake in a citizenship ceremony as an earlier ban introduced that year required her to remove her veil , triggering an earlier court battle that the Conservatives lost , before they again appealed the ruling only to have it dismissed on Sept. 16 .
“ We are glad that the Federal Court upheld principles of freedom of religion . It is a true blessing and privilege to live in a free democratic society where both the government and the courts can ultimately make decisions and reach a resolution that is the best for the collective good. ” said Lal Khan Malik , national president of Canada 's Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at .
The ruling means that for now , Muslim women who choose to wear niqabs can take their citizenship ceremonies in time to vote in Canada 's federal election on Oct. 19 .
However , the Conservatives are not giving up their efforts get the niqab banned at citizenship ceremonies , promising to take the battle to the Supreme Court and reintroduce the ban within 100 days of being re-elected if they win the Oct. 19 federal election .
“ This is fundamentally against everything that comes with your Canadian citizenship , ” Safwan Choudhry , spokesperson for the Toronto Muslim community , of the Harper government 's push to ban niqabs .
According to Choudhry , former minister for immigration Jason Kenney stated that niqabs should be banned as the cloth covering prevented other people from hearing a veiled woman recite her citizenship oath clearly , but he said this was untrue as niqab-wearers could still easily hear each other talk .
“ It 's not a sound barrier , ” said Choudhry . “ I think it 's mostly freedom of religion and expression issue that 's being challenged in Canada ” .
While some Muslim sects are stricter than others regarding head and body coverings , Choudhry said that Ahmadiyya members were free to choose what religious clothing they wanted to wear .
“ It must be their own independent decision as it has been for [ Canadians in general ] , ” said Choudhry . “ This has never been an issue in the past for anyone to wear any religious symbol . ”
Nonetheless , he praised the Federal Court of Appeal 's dismissal of the government 's appeal as being in line with core Canadian values and indicative of Canada 's status as a free and democratic nation .
Liberal leader Justin Trudeau has also come in to bat for Canada 's Muslims , criticizing Stephen Harper 's Tories for using niqabs as a divisive ‘ wedge ' issue in the midst of an election campaign .
`` It is continuing with the politics of division and even fear and that 's not worthy of a country as diverse and extraordinary as Canada , ” said Trudeau during a campaign stop in Calgary , as quoted by CBC .
The Black Box is thrilled to be putting on TWISTED by A.J . Ciccotelli for the opening of it 's 2012-13 season . The Black Box supports the evolution of projects and collaborations not possible under the constraints of regular commercial theatre .
TWISTED , musings from the mind of local playwright A.J . Ciccotelli , is a series of one-acts that spans several generations of quirky characters caught up in life changing situations . Four directors and an ensemble of actors lays bare an evening of passion , love , loss , and revenge with a clever , edgy and always surprising twist . And we need your help to make this happen .
Putting on a show is a costly venture that includes the following expenses : Venue : $ 1000
Minor wood and/or hardware : $ 600
Lighting rental : $ 400
Costumes : $ 100
Props ( Including running costs ) : $ 100
Advertising : $ 500
Technician : $ 100
Program : $ 100
Actors/Directors/Crew : $ 1400
These costs are the minimal to put on a weekend run . We are asking for a minimum of $ 800 in donations to off-set costs . Anything you have to give whether it 's $ 5 or $ 500 , we appreciate it and thank you for helping make this production come true .
For your donations : $ 20 will get you a signed poster from the cast
$ 50 will get you a ticket front row
$ 100 will get you a pair of tickets and an invite to party with the cast of TWISTED .
Thank you for reading and visiting our kick-starter page . Your generous contributions will make this exciting evening happen . Please help us bring TWISTED to the stage this August !
The people who are making this all happen include : Actors : Michael Fentin , Brendan Keffner , Alexis Kozak , Isabel Martin , Elizabeth Meinders , Robert A. Parise , Diane Raynor , Trevor Rex , Marylee Sumeriski , Stephen A. Wagner , Jim Watson , Evangelos B. Williamson and Danyelle L. Zywan
Designers : George Hansel ( lights & set ) , Zack Slater ( sound ) , Debi Bilotta ( Costume Supervisor ) Production team : A.J . Ciccotelli , Steven Thornburg , Brian Stikes and Marylee Sumeriski ( directors ) , George Hansel & Donna Stiles ( Technical Directors ) , Megan Garrett ( production manager ) , Mindi Archoleo ( Props supervisor ) , Spiro Galiatsatos ( Fundraiser Coordinator ) , and Frank Calo ( Production Associate )
On Tuesday , LA Weekly reported that several upscale restaurants in the City of Angels will be adding a 3 percent surcharge to cover their employees ' healthcare costs , a trend that has been gaining steam since the Affordable Care Act launched nearly one year ago .
Beginning on September 1 , restaurants Lucques , Tavern , A.O.C , and a few offshoots all added a 3 percent surcharge to customers ' checks , explicitly stating in a press release their decisions hinged on covering employee healthcare costs .
Lucques Group , Suzanne Goin and Caroline Styne , owners of the restaurants , also named several other restaurant groups that will be duplicating their efforts ; Restaurants Rustic Canyon , The Hungry Cat and Melisse were among those mentioned .
In the press release , the restaurant owners made sure to mention the business decision had nothing to do with politics , only business . They stated :
The major point is that this is not a political statement or endorsement of any kind . Our desire to offer health benefits is not tied to the Affordable Care Act , which at this point would n't require businesses to provide health benefits to their employees until January 2016 at the earliest , and where ultimately businesses of our size might not be required to provide health benefits at all . We are doing this because , quite frankly , we believe it 's the right thing to do , and that as a community of independent and family run restaurants we want to provide the best work environment we can so that we can provide long term jobs and careers for our staff instead of the usual transient employment that is associated with the restaurant business .
As to why they do n't just raise their menu prices , the owners had this to say :
The cost of offering these benefits is significant and the reality is that restaurants , particularly smaller restaurants like the ones many of us own , have a very high ratio of staff members to revenue and run on very slim profit margins . Successfully run restaurants generally make between 5-10 % net profits so a health care benefit which eats away 3 % of gross sales will take away anywhere from 30 % to 50 % of annual profits for a restaurant . We 've discussed simply raising menu prices , but ultimately food prices are tied in many ways to the ingredients we purchase . Those ingredient costs have increased astronomically recently so we 're already struggling with working creatively to keep menu prices down and do n't feel it 's right to try to factor health care costs into menu prices as well . We 'd rather keep our menu costs as an accurate refection of our ingredient prices so that customers know that if we have to raise them it 's because we ca n't avoid passing on our increased costs .
This decision comes almost one year after another upscale LA restaurant , Republique , announced they 'd also be adding a 3 % surcharge for the same reason . Some on Yelp have condemned the restaurants for exercising their rights as a business , calling the move both greedy and misleading , with some vowing never to visit them again .
THE SNP had to bail out the Yes campaign to the tune of £825,000 at the end of the independence referendum , it has emerged .
The party transferred the huge block of funding to Yes Scotland Ltd in three tranches straddling September 18 , according to newly released Electoral Commission records .
The files show the SNP donated an initial £275,000 just eight days before the vote .
The party then donated another £100,000 on November 7 and a further £450,000 ten days later , when Yes Scotland was settling its invoices .
Without the cash , Yes Scotland , which also included the Scottish Greens and Scottish Socialists , could not have paid its bills , insiders admit .
Yes Scotland and the SNP previously insisted the campaign was `` self-financing '' .
In contrast , the unionist Better Together campaign stopped taking donations in July because it had all it could legally spend and took no money from a political party .
A senior SNP source told the Sunday Herald : `` The party has never been upfront about this . ''
Overall , the SNP gave Yes Scotland more than a third of its £2.4m income over the last leg of the referendum , known as the regulated period .
Only Ayrshire lottery winners Chris and Colin Weir gave more , donating £1m .
The SNP also donated £343,000 in start-up costs to Yes Scotland in mid-2012 , making its total support almost £1.2m . The party spent another £1.3m on its own campaign .
Two years ago , then Yes Scotland chief executive Blair Jenkins stressed that , aside from SNP seed money , Yes Scotland would pay its own way .
He said : `` I wanted Yes Scotland to be self-financing and within about four to six weeks after starting , Yes Scotland was self-financing .
`` [ It 's ] very important to me there 's a distinction made between the SNP and Yes Scotland .
`` The campaign has to be self-financing so it 's seen as a national movement which embraces a far wider range of people than just the SNP . ''
However the scale of the SNP financing reinforces long-running criticism - dismissed by Jenkins as a `` smear '' - that Yes Scotland was an `` SNP front '' bankrolled and staffed by the party , rather than a genuine grassroots movement .
Stan Blackley , Yes Scotland 's ex-deputy director of communities , said the outfit always struggled for money as it failed to employ experienced fundraisers .
`` Yes Scotland was meant to be cross-party and self-sustaining , but there was a naive view that the great and good would just reach into their pockets for it .
`` It 's no surprise to hear it was in need of finances when it came to a conclusion . ''
A key problem was a lack of donations from businesses .
Both campaigns raised similar sums from individuals in the regulated period - £1.6m for Yes , £1.75m for No - but Better Together also raked in £711,000 from companies against Yes Scotland 's £20,000 .
This was in spite of Yes Scotland hiring one of Alex Salmond 's former special advisers , Colin Pyle , to liaise with the business community .
A Better Together source said : `` One of the most ridiculous things about the Yes campaign was Blair Jenkins feigning mock outrage whenever anyone suggested they were just an SNP front . Now everyone can see that was just another piece of nonsense . ''
A Yes Scotland source insisted : `` It was always the case that , as the largest stakeholder in the Yes movement , the SNP would be responsible for funding to a substantial extent . There was no question of being bailed out . The campaign ran smoothly and it was well-funded . ''
An SNP spokesperson said : `` Obviously the SNP would support Yes Scotland . ''
Both Yes Scotland and Better Together spent £1.42m in the regulated period , while Labour spent £732,000 , the Tories £356,000 , and the LibDems £188,000 .
Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving ( 2 ) dribbles the ball past Washington Wizards guard Garrett Temple ( 17 ) in a recent game . ( Photo : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports )
No one inside the Cleveland Cavaliers locker room wants to admit guard Kyrie Irving is back .
“ He 's getting there , ” Cavs star forward LeBron James said .
In his quirky way , Cavaliers coach David Blatt said “ I do n't like to open my mouth to the devil ” as he explained why he 's hesitant to rave about Irving 's first seven games since returning from a fractured kneecap and surgery in June .
“ It 's only reasonable to expect he 's going to go through a process and still have days when he 's better and days when he 's going to have some effect for as many months as he 's been out , ” Blatt said .
If Irving is n't back , he 's pretty close .
Irving , who returned on Dec. 23 for the first time since his injury in Game 1 of last season 's NBA Finals , said , “ Obviously coming off injury , everyone 's going to have their opinion . Are you back ? I 'll continue to preach progression , progression , progression . ”
He had 32 points on 14-for-22 shooting in Cleveland 's 121-115 recent victory against the Washington Wizards and he scored in his distinctive style : driving layups , using creative angles to put the ball in the basket and mid-range jumpers after his nifty ball-handling skills created space between him and the defender .
The performance followed a 25 point effort against Toronto when he shot 10-for-16 shooting with eight assists – his playmaking on display – and six rebounds .
Take note of Irving 's matchups : Kyle Lowry one game , John Wall the next – two strong All-Star candidates .
“ That was the hump I needed to get over – just going from game to game , going against great matchups , going against great players every single night , ” Irving said , “ and testing me with pick-and-rolls , testing me with double teams . ”
James has a deep appreciation for Irving 's work ethic and skills and suggested Irving is on the verge of entering MVP discussions . Not this season . But in following seasons .
“ He 's much more than an All-Star player , ” James said . “ He 's much better than that .
“ If not the best , he 's one of the two best point guards in our league along with Steph ( Curry ) . That 's not even a question . He continues to show why he 's that . ”
The Cavaliers are 6-1 since Irving 's return , and he is averaging 17.4 points , four assists and 2.7 rebounds and shooting 45 % .
There 's room for improvement , but the Cavs are scoring at a special rate . With Irving on the court , Cleveland scores 120.7 points per 100 possessions , considerably higher than the Cavs ' acceptable 105.2 points per 100 possessions for the season .
Irving 's scoring ability creates desired spacing and sets up plays . Against Toronto and Washington , the Cavs had three players ( James , Irving , J.R. Smith ) score at least 20 points , and Smith is shooting 42.8 % on threes in the games Irving has played this season .
It 's also not a coincidence James ' offensive efficiency has increased with Irving 's presence . In Cleveland 's five-game winning streak , James is shooting 55.3 % from the field and an improved 42.3 % on threes , and with James and Irving on the court , the Cavaliers are on fire , scoring 123.1 points per 100 possessions .
Where does forward Kevin Love fit ? It 's a counterintuitive answer , based on Love 's decline in scoring since Irving 's return . In the past four games , Love averaged 10 points , but with James , Irving and Love on the court , the Cavs score 130.3 points per 100 possessions .
Love needs to be accounted for , and his presence is making scoring opportunities easier for his teammates . He is sacrificing numbers to chase a bigger goal , and Love will get his chances . Right now , Smith is taking advantage , but James outlined the hierarchy of Cleveland 's offense .
“ Not everyone has an equal opportunity , ” James said . “ It starts and ends with myself , Kyrie and Kevin . Or Kevin , Kyrie and myself . Or Kyrie myself and Kevin . However you want to put it . ”
The Cavaliers reticence to declare Irving back makes sense . It 's unusual for a shotmaker like Irving to rediscover his touch so quickly . He takes and makes difficult shots . It takes time for that to come back . For most anyway .
Irving put in the work . We know when Irving was injured and we know when he had surgery . But we do n't know everything that happened between then and his return . The grueling rehab to strengthen the knee and leg . All the missed shots that he was so used to making . The frustration .
“ It 's just you . No one else , ” Irving told USA TODAY Sports .
James saw the work , before , during and after practices and is in awe of not only what Irving is but what he can become .
“ He 's 23 years old , ” James said . “ He has n't even scratched the surface yet . ”
Half the money circulating through Vancouver 's housing market has vanished in the past year , causing a steep drop in sales , now followed by a decline in prices .
The average resale price in Greater Vancouver was $ 878,242 in January , down 18.9 per cent from a year earlier , when it stood at $ 1.038 million , according to numbers from the Canadian Real Estate Association .
An aerial shot of downtown Vancouver , with the north shore mountains in the background . Greater Vancouver has seen an 18.9-per-cent drop in the average house price over the past year .
A price drop that large can be caused by two things :
Sellers reducing their asking prices .
A steep drop in top-end home sales , changing the mix of home sales .
In Vancouver today , it 's likely both . Many observers of the Vancouver market say they are seeing price reductions , particularly among single-family homes .
Vancouver 's decline has been led by a slump in high-end home sales , which peaked in February of last year and have declined significantly since then .
Evidence suggests that , though the decline began before B.C . introduced a foreign buyer tax last August , the tax had an immediate depressing effect on home sales .
Chart : Canadian Real Estate Association
Sales are down 39.7 per cent from a year ago , while the dollar volume of transactions — the amount of money that changed hands — has dropped by 51.1 per cent in a year .
Some $ 1.36 billion changed hands Vancouver 's market in January , compared with $ 2.8 billion a year earlier .
B.C.-based mortgage lender Dominion issued a warning recently that newly-enforced currency rules in China could put a damper on Vancouver 's housing market , which has seen a boost from foreign buyers in recent years .
As of last month , Chinese nationals who request a currency exchange will now be required to sign a declaration that they will not use the money to buy property , among other things . Anyone who violates the rules will be banned from currency conversions for two years , and will be subject to a tax audit .
`` While no one expects Chinese demand to disappear anytime soon , the clampdown is deterring first-time buyers who lack offshore assets and the expertise to skirt tighter capital controls , '' wrote Sherry Cooper , Dominion 's chief economist .
Meanwhile , house prices continued to rise at breakneck speed in Toronto , with the benchmark price up 22.6 per cent , to $ 705,900 .
Perhaps looking at the rapid decline in Vancouver 's market , Bank of Montreal chief economist Doug Porter declared Toronto to have a housing bubble in a report Wednesday .
“ Toronto and any city that is remotely within commuting distance are overheating , and perhaps dangerously so , ” he wrote .
Follow The Huffington Post Canada on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram .
Also on HuffPost
Former governor Tim Kaine ( D ) became the most prominent official to call for the University of Virginia to reinstate ousted president Teresa Sullivan on Thursday .
Tim Kaine ( Mark Gormus/Associated Press )
And Kaine said much more in a telephone interview .
He blames all members of the Board of Visitors for failing to hold a meeting to discuss Sullivan 's departure and said if they had he 's sure they would not have removed her .
“ There 's a board for a reason . Group decision making is better than the thoughts of any one person , ” he said . “ I think the entire board made a fundamental mistake in not having a meeting before making a decision of this magnitude , and I lay that at the entire board 's feet . ”
During his term as governor from 2006-2010 , Kaine appointed eight of the 15 voting members of the board , including Rector Helen Dragas , who has been under fire for two weeks for orchestrating the ouster .
“ She is a very accomplished leader with a real passion for U-Va. and I appointed her for that reason , ” he said . “ This is a board ... I know them all to be good people , accomplished people , who care deeply about U-Va. , and I believe the same of the members that I did n't appoint . ”
Gov . Bob McDonnell ( R ) appointed the other members of the board .
“ It 's clear that a number of the board members were saying they were not in the loop on the decision , ” he said . “ Others were saying that a fundamental piece of information , the strategic plan that President Sullivan had written , they had never been provided that plan and so , all of that would have naturally come out had they had a meeting . ”
Kaine said he had not spoken to McDonnell or Dragas , but had spent days talking to current and former board members about the leadership crisis at U-Va .
“ Governor McDonnell and I — I think we feel the same way about the procedural irregularity , ” he said . “ I mean , look , we each appointed members to this board , and we appointed good people to the board . It 's not a matter of their qualifications or their love for the university . I think his appointees are strong in that , just as mine were , but we both believe , just basing this on the governor 's comments , we both believe that procedurally , they did n't handle it right . And again , in the absence of a meeting , if they just had had a meeting , we would n't even be having this conversation . ”
BRDC British Formula 3 race-winner Jordan Cane has been announced as the first driver for the 2018 Formula Renault Eurocup .
Cane , who finished sixth in this year 's British F3 standings with Douglas Motorsport , will drive for Fortec Motorsports , who were rivals of Cane in 2017 .
“ We had a lot of offers for next year , but I 'm really happy to confirm that I will be racing for Fortec in 2018 in the Eurocup , ” announced Cane .
“ The team did a great job in testing and have shown that we will be able to compete at the front .
“ I have work to do , Fortec have put their faith in me to get results and for that I 'm very grateful . It 's a tough series but with the people around me , I 'm confident we will get results . ”
16-year-old Cane already has three years of experience in car racing , having made his single-seater debut in the F1600 Formula F championship in America in 2015 .
He won seven races that season , and became the youngest ever British winner of a single-seater race in the process .
He stepped up to USF2000 for 2016 with little success , before returning to Britain for this year to race in British F3 .
Having missed the first two rounds because he was still 15 , Cane went on to win three reverse-grid races and finish sixth in the standings .
He joined up with Fortec for the official Eurocup rookie test at Barcelona .
“ We are ecstatic to have Jordan join Fortec , ” said Fortec 's team manager Martin Young .
“ We have been keeping a close eye on him since his impressive performance in America and we look forward to a strong competitive 2018 season ”
Fortec fielded a four car team in the Eurocup this season , winning one race with Alex Peroni at Pau .
( Adds new Wheeler quotes background on net neutrality rulemaking , reaction )
By Alina Selyukh and Malathi Nayak
WASHINGTON/LAS VEGAS , Jan 7 ( Reuters ) - The top U.S. communications regulator on Wednesday endorsed the regulatory standard applied to telephone companies in remarks seen as the strongest indication yet that he planned to side with President Barack Obama on strict `` net neutrality '' rules .
Comments by Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas appeared to show he leaned toward regulating Internet service providers ( ISPs ) more strictly under Title II of the U.S. communications law , as Obama has suggested .
The FCC has been working for nearly a year on new rules governing how ISPs manage Web traffic on their networks , and Wheeler said he will share his latest proposal with fellow commissioners on Feb. 5 and hold the vote on final regulations on Feb. 26 .
At stake is whether and how ISPs should be banned from blocking or slowing down websites and applications and from charging content companies for `` prioritized '' downloads .
`` We 're going to propose rules that say that no blocking ( is allowed ) , no throttling , no paid prioritization , '' Wheeler said .
He said companies ' behavior should be measured against a yardstick of whether it is `` just and reasonable , '' referring to a standard often applied to public utility companies to make sure they do not hurt consumers or competition .
The FCC last year received some 4 million comments after Wheeler 's original proposal left the door open to `` commercially reasonable '' discrimination .
Obama in November gave net neutrality advocates a boost , calling for strictest rules possible and suggesting the FCC reclassify ISPs as more heavily regulated `` telecommunications services , '' instead of the current `` information services . ''
Net neutrality advocates welcomed Wheeler 's new plan . `` All afternoon in fact I 've received emails and calls from entrepreneurs across the country encouraged by the chairman 's remarks , willing to work with him , '' said Marvin Ammori , a lawyer who represents technology companies .
ISPs say they do not object to parts of Obama 's plan but staunchly oppose reclassification , which they say will present a regulatory burden and impede investments and innovation . They are expected to mount a court challenge , and Republicans are expected to counter new rules with legislation .
`` The implications of the just and reasonable standard will be years of litigation just as we 've seen since 1934 , when those words were written by Congress for the Ma Bell monopoly , '' said former FCC Commissioner Robert McDowell , a Republican .
Photo
To its devotees , Bitcoin represents the future of transactions . But the financial establishment is still scratching its head over the virtual currency .
James P. Gorman , the chief executive of Morgan Stanley , said in a television interview on Monday that he did not have a firm grasp of Bitcoin , which has been much in the news after the collapse of a major exchange , Mt . Gox , and after Newsweek claimed to have found the currency 's creator .
“ Wow , ” Mr. Gorman said , smiling , when Maria Bartiromo of the Fox Business Network asked him about Bitcoin . “ I 'm not sure I understand it . ”
“ It 's totally surreal , ” he said . “ I mean , who 's the founder ? This guy in L.A. ? What 's going on with Mt . Gox ? There are so many moving parts . ”
“ I would think and hope that the regulators are paying a lot of attention to it , ” he added .
Video
Another bank chief executive , Jamie Dimon , who runs JPMorgan Chase , has also expressed skepticism about Bitcoin , calling it a “ terrible store of value ” that could be “ replicated over and over . ”
“ The question is n't whether we accept it , ” Mr. Dimon said in a recent interview with CNBC . “ The question is , do we even participate in people who facilitate Bitcoin ? ”
These pronouncements from big banks ' chief executives are significant for the Bitcoin proponents who think that the best hope for the virtual currency is to become integrated into the existing financial system . Raj Date , a former official at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau who recently joined the board of a start-up focused on Bitcoin , said recently that “ market makers ” could help iron out Bitcoin 's volatility .
But another strain of Bitcoin fans thinks that the currency can thrive outside of traditional banking , offering a more seamless way to transfer money around the globe .
Despite the skepticism from bank chief executives , Bitcoin has found a more welcome reception in the research department of Bank of America Merrill Lynch , which predicted in a report in December that it could “ become a major means of payment for e-commerce and may emerge as a serious competitor to traditional money transfer providers . ”
Blowing the Whistle , will not be published by Triumph Books , an imprint of Former NBA referee Tim Donaghy 's exposé , , will not be published by Triumph Books , an imprint of Random House , after `` independent evaluation '' of some of his allegations .
Excerpts from the book , published on Deadspin.com , allege NBA referees — including current ones — showed favoritism to some players and coaches and disdain for others , prompting Donaghy to bet a certain way .
Donaghy was sentenced to 15 months in prison in July 2008 for his role in a betting scandal , including accepting money from a gambler in exchange for inside information on NBA games .
`` After a close legal review of the final manuscript of Blowing the Whistle by Tim Donaghy , and our independent evaluation of some of the author 's sources and statements , Triumph Books and Random House have decided not to go forward with the book 's publication . Our decision is wholly our own and was made without consultation with any outside parties or individuals , '' Random House spokesman Stuart Applebaum said in a statement .
Donaghy is free to pitch his book to another publisher , Applebaum said .
The NBA and the referees union maintain Donaghy acted alone in his illicit exchanges and that the league 's referees are impartial .
The book was scheduled for release at the beginning of the NBA season but was cancelled `` several weeks ago , '' Applebaum said . The NBA denied threatening Random House with a lawsuit , league spokesman Tim Frank said .
`` When you publish controversial books , as we often do , it is not unusual for interested parties to contact us with their opinion about our prospective publication , '' Applebaum told USA TODAY . `` We always listen to what 's being said . The decision as to whether we publish a book is always our own decision based on the manuscript and its veracity and accuracy . ''
Applebaum would not say if the NBA contacted Random House .
`` In 2008 Mr. Donaghy 's allegations were thoroughly investigated by the FBI and the U.S. Attorney 's Office . We are reassured that the U.S. Government completed its investigation finding that the only criminal conduct was that of Mr. Donaghy , '' Elizabeth Ventura , senior vice president of communications for the NBA , said in a statement .
After the Donaghy case surfaced , the NBA appointed independent investigator Lawrence Pedowitz to review its officiating program and `` Pedowitz 's review revealed that the NBA 's core values of neutrality and accountability were not compromised by anyone other than Mr. Donaghy , '' Ventura said .
Donaghy the latest claims from the unpublished book will be turned over to Pedowitz , Ventura said .
In their statement , the referees union said : `` The National Basketball Referees Association is disappointed , but not surprised , with the actions taken by Tim Donaghy . This continues to be the Tim that we know . He repeatedly attempts to highlight himself in the media , but the 59 NBA referees will continue to officiate games with the utmost integrity and the focus will remain on the 2009-2010 NBA Season . ''
Sunsetting an MMO
( a member of the community asked me about my views on Sunetting an MMO . Unfortunately , some really big games have been sunsetting in recent years , or at least their focus and revenue models , both of which drastically change the developer 's priorities and where they focus their time and resources . So , while as I explain below it is n't really something on our minds , I can and do understand why someone in our community would bring it up and while it was certainly worth our time to address the issue ) .
First , a definition of what exactly it means :
Sunsetting , in a business context , is intentionally phasing something out or terminating it .
The term is often used in reference to brands , partnerships , agreements , business policies and hardware and software products , among other possibilities . Sunsetting something may be part of the original plan . In a legal context , for example , a sunset provision is a specification that legislation will no longer be in effect beyond a certain date or after a particular event has transpired , unless an extension is mandated .
Products and services are often sunsetted when they are no longer sufficiently profitable or when a company decides to change its focus . Software vendors usually sunset older versions of their products when one or newer version is available . In that context , sunsetting usually means that the product is no longer supported .
Sunsetting .... What an interesting topic to think and theory-craft about -- and I mean that honestly . The irony is that when we were designing EQ we were hoping and praying that most people would play at least 2-4 months . No expansions were planned ; instead EQ 2 began to be designed as a true sequel because we assumed people would get sick of EQ 1 after a few months , no matter how good the game was .
So ideas about increasing the level cap ( of both PCs and NPCs ) was totally new to us ( hence dragons are 50 when they should be 200 and gods 500 ! ) . Hence the hell level bug that persisted so long . Hence how long it took to go from 50-60 . Hence AAAs , conceived with the goal that players would need other things to work on now that we were slowing down leveling . Continents we had planned to ship with ( Kunark and Velious ) instead of being tossed in the trashcan were then resurrected…
I was involved with the early design of EQ 2 and it was meant to be a true sequel , and by that I mean we expected that after X months , the majority of EQ 1 players would migrate to EQ 2 . Therefore , EQ 2 was much more EQ 1 like . Later , when we found we were * totally * wrong about all of this , EQ 2 became another game , targeting a different audience than EQ 1 as opposed to the same audience in the hopes of growing our online gamespace . I was n't really involved at this point , but in hindsight we probably should have changed the name as soon as we made this shift because 2 does indeed imply a sequel of sorts .
So here I find us in Pantheon design meetings crafting documentation , formulas , mechanics , the world itself , designed to last for more than a decade , with multiple expansions , level increases , etc . The hope is by assuming long term success we will be able to avoid 'shoehorning ' in things we had to with EQ because with that game we were victims of our own success . Not to mention major systems that we did n't even have the chance to shoehorn in ( for a variety of reasons I wo n't get into here ) .
And then the OP brings up , “ hey , what will you do with Pantheon once there are n't enough people playing it such that it is no longer a profitable venture ? ” Whoah , like I said , my first reaction is to say ‘ wut ? ' .
My second reaction is to say ' I have no idea -- we 've been focused on making sure Pantheon * is * sticky , has great retention , that it is designed for expansions and such . By making a grouping game , a community focused game , an open world and open economy game , our desire is to create a renaissance within the MMO genre and to bring back a lot of things left behind that not only orphaned a great many MMO gamers , but also hurt an MMOs ability to entertain people for more than a few months . If we can not achieve this and make an MMO a home once again with a vibrant community who truly wants to keep playing month after month , year after year , then we have failed . So Sun Setting ? It just has n't been on my mind – rather , the exact opposite has – making sure Pantheon remains viable and fun for years after launch . ' .
Once I make it beyond that almost instinctive response , touching on our core messaging , etc. , and explaining why we are doing what we are doing , the Sunsetting ‘ thing ' does get my mind thinking on it , if only for a little bit . So , while this is about a far away from setting something in stone as anything I 've ever said , I think I would keep it running and slowly but surely hand it over to the players depending upon how mature our post-launch User Generated Content mechanics and tools are or are n't .
I do n't think we 'd ever truly have to completely shut it off , and I say that mostly because of server and bandwidth costs . Both bandwidth and hosting costs have gone down a TON since the old days .
Fat internet pipes are everywhere and they 're cheap The Cloud is for real , and you can dynamically control and configure all the machines you could ever want remotely . Gone are the days when you had to employ large teams of operators , and gone are the days where you had to have your own huge and expensive data center ( or even share it with others ) . The cost per byte is almost unbelievably lower now than it was in 1999 . The bandwidth used by an MMO in present time is almost nothing when compared to the bandwidth used by companies who stream music and video to their customers ( e.g . Netflix , etc ) . And in order for streaming companies to be profitable , the costs over the last 15 years have gone down tremendously . In the old days an MMO client uploading positional data , conversations , etc . ) in tons of tiny little packets was a big deal . In fact , when EQ launched , it sucked up all of the bandwidth in San Diego and , to say the least , Qualcomm and others were not pleased . Likewise , although routers and other hardware could theoretically handle the bandwidth we had projected , they could not initially handle the fact that this data was broken up into many small packages , not large packages ala websites . But nowadays , high resolution video and sound are being uploaded and downloaded constantly . Some services are for 'free ' -- for example YouTube -- and they make their revenue in other ways . Other servers , say Apple TV , charge you 2-3 bucks to watch a commercial free episode of your favorite show you missed . Youtube , Apple TV , and the many others are , generally , profitable ventures .
What does all of this mean ? Well , it means that , at least in theory , if one had an MMO that was simply too old , with not enough people playing to make it financially viable , my guess is that it could still be left online because the operation costs are now so low . I think it 's safe to assume that running and paying for the bandwidth costs of a 'sunsetted ' MMO would nowadays ( and in the future even more so ) be pretty trivial . So while you probably ca n't blame a company for shutting down an MMO in the past , I do n't see that , going forward , there truly is any reason to do so ... it would have to be marketing related . And , of course , tough decisions would have to be made regarding maintaining it .... zero coders ? zero designers ? zero additional content ? Or a tiny bit ? How about CS ? No CS at all ? Skeletal CS ? Because those costs would remain – if you kept a small dev team on the game and a small CS team , and the game is not making money , might no longer make sense . Would some players keep playing even though they knew there would be no customer service and like zero chance of new content in the future ? Great question indeed !
Anyway , fun stuff to theorycraft about , but also something I do n't plan on having to put much thought into for quite some time ( planning on being part of Pantheon for at least a decade in order to see my Grand Vision have a chance to become a reality ) . I regret leaving EQ and VG where they were and while now is not time to delve into the past and explain why ( there are no simple answers ) , the fact is that I never got to bring these games to the point where I and others had dreamed that they might come to one day . That stings , and the only cure is Pantheon and the assertion that launch day is like having a baby -- it 's a beautiful thing , but she/he then has their entire life ahead of it . That 's how we 're looking at Pantheon too -- our focus is on our MMO 's Sunrise ( launch ) and then refreshing it , adding to it , expanding it both vertically and horizontally , well into the future , not only making Pantheon a better and better game , but also a broader and more interesting game .
-Brad `` Aradune Mithara '' McQuaid
August , 2016
As we all know by now , Microsoft decided at some point in 2015 that they were going to retrench their Mobile efforts , which meant a few of the planned phones they were expecting to release in 2015 and 2016 were canceled . The Lumia 550 , 650 and 950 were released , but the Lumia 750 and 850 were killed before making it to market .
Today , a new video by Nokibar , known for showcasing unreleased Lumia products , have now had a chance to go hands on with the Lumia 750 , also known as the Lumia `` Guilin '' Windows 10 Mobile device . According to Nokibar , the Lumia 750 was actually spec 'd more like a Lumia 555 :
1GB RAM
8GB Internal Storage
5.0 '' 1280x720 IPS Display
Snapdragon 210/212 Processor
2020 mAh Battery
5MP Main Shooter
5MP Front Shooter
So by no means was the Lumia `` Guilin '' going to be shaking up the mobile industry . Both the Lumia 750 and Lumia 850 handsets were killed internally , along with any plans to release new Lumia devices down the line . The Lumia 650 is the last Lumia that Microsoft plans to make , meaning if Microsoft plan to release a new phone in the future , it 'll be under another brand .
Regardless , it 's sad to see these echos of what could have been for Lumia throughout 2016 , and we 're pretty sure Windows Phone fans would have loved to see a Lumia 750 and 850 hit the market at some point . Regardless , what are your thoughts on the Lumia 750 specs ? Let us know .
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE ( R-Ariz. ) , who is facing perhaps the toughest reelection race of his career , will skip the Republican presidential nominating convention in Cleveland in July .
ADVERTISEMENT
McCain says he will be focusing instead on his own race against Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick Ann KirkpatrickGOP compares Ocasio-Cortez to Trump Hispanic Caucus sets red lines on DHS spending bill Dem women rally behind Pelosi MORE . He also has to worry about a late primary , which is scheduled for Aug. 30 .
“ I have to campaign for reelection , and I have always done that when I 'm up , ” he said . “ We have a late primary in Arizona . ”
Recent polls show McCain and Kirkpatrick deadlocked , despite McCain 's nearly 30 years of service in the upper chamber and his close to 100-percent name identification .
McCain acknowledged that it 's possible the party 's eventual presidential nominee could drag down GOP candidates down ballot such as himself .
“ That 's always a concern , ” he said .
But he reiterated that he will support the party 's eventual nominee , whomever it turns out to be .
This will be the first time McCain has not spoken at a GOP convention since 1984 , just a year after he was first elected to Congress .
Most of the land that currently exists below Front Street is the result of landfill . In the early 1920s , the Toronto Harbour Commission made good on a plan hatched years before to fill in a portion of the harbour , which eventually gave rise to Lake Shore Boulevard , the new street that can be seen in the above photo .
Subsequent projects dating as late as the 1950s extended the city even further south into the lake . For my money , the most interesting way to track this expansion of the city is via the relationship of the Harbour Commission Building to the shoreline . When it was built in 1917 , it sat right on the water . Today it 's more than half a kilometre away .
Check out these historical photos that show was Toronto was like before and after they filled in the harbour .
Before
In the same way , and for many of the same reasons , many today find it inconceivable that we could possibly be responsible for destroying the integrity of our planet 's ecology . There are psychological barriers to even imagining that what we love so much could be lost — could be destroyed forever . As a result , many of us refuse to contemplate it . Like an audience entertained by a magician , we allow ourselves to be deceived by those with a stake in persuading us to ignore reality .
For example , we continue to use the world 's atmosphere as an open sewer for the daily dumping of more than 90 million tons of gaseous waste . If trends continue , the global temperature will keep rising , triggering “ world-altering events , ” Kolbert writes . According to a conservative and unchallenged calculation by the climatologist James Hansen , the man-made pollution already in the atmosphere traps as much extra heat energy every 24 hours as would be released by the explosion of 400,000 Hiroshima-class nuclear bombs . The resulting rapid warming of both the atmosphere and the ocean , which Kolbert notes has absorbed about one-third of the carbon dioxide we have produced , is wreaking havoc on earth 's delicately balanced ecosystems . It threatens both the web of living species with which we share the planet and the future viability of civilization . “ By disrupting these systems , ” Kolbert writes , “ we 're putting our own survival in danger . ”
The earth 's water cycle is being dangerously disturbed , as warmer oceans evaporate more water vapor into the air . Warmer air holds more moisture ( there has been an astonishing 4 percent increase in global humidity in just the last 30 years ) and funnels it toward landmasses , where it is released in much larger downpours , causing larger and more frequent floods and mudslides .
The extra heat is also absorbed in the top layer of the seas , which makes ocean-­based storms more destructive . Just before Hurricane Sandy , the area of the Atlantic immediately windward from New York City and New Jersey was up to nine degrees warmer than normal . And just before Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines , the area of the Pacific from which it drew its energy was about 5.4 degrees above average .
Our oceans , a crucial food source for billions , have become not only warmer but also more acidic than they have been in millions of years . They struggle to absorb excess heat and carbon pollution — which is why , as Kolbert points out , coral reefs might be the first entire ecosystem to go extinct in the modern era .
Charlie Crist says he might vote for President Obama in 2012 . Ex-Gov . Crist : I might vote for Obama
Former Florida Gov . Charlie Crist said Tuesday he would n't rule out voting for President Barack Obama in November .
Crist — who was a member of the Republican party until 2010 and is now a registered independent — said in interviews with MSNBC and CNN that he would “ consider ” casting his ballot for Obama on election day .
Story Continued Below
“ Consider ? Sure , I would consider that , ” Crist said on MSNBC 's “ Daily Rundown. ” “ I really think he 's sincere and genuine . I think we have a lot time , a lot of issues to talk about , but I think , in his heart , he 's trying to do what 's right for the country overall . ”
And in an interview with CNN , Crist pointed to the improving economy as a reason he might vote for Obama in November .
“ I would consider that , of course I would , ” Crist said on “ CNN Newsroom. ” “ I 'm interested in watching the campaign as it unfolds , as most Americans are . This has been a tough time for the president to govern , I think everyone understands that . But we 're starting to see some positive signs going forward as it relates to the economy . That 's very important . ”
Crist also noted that the Republican primary has been “ pretty nasty ” and said he looks forward to a more positive race into the fall . He told CNN that making an attempt at unity , such as he did with Obama during his time as an elected official , may be political suicide .
“ Well , maybe it is , ” he said . “ Certainly it seems to be in the Republican party , where the word ‘ compromise ' has almost become a dirty word . ”
Crist said on MSNBC he would not “ definitively rule out anything ” for his future , such as running for office as a Democrat , and he told CNN he 's “ enjoying the private sector . ”
“ Life 's pretty good for Charlie Crist right now , ” said Crist , an attorney with the firm Morgan & Morgan .
Although the prospect of India taking on Bangladesh in a one-off Test match does n't sound enticing , there is a lot more hinging on this game when one looks at a broader perspective of things .
The one-off Test against Bangladesh will be India 's first after their tour of Australia , where they lost the four-match series 2-0 . Virat Kohli had an extraordinary run of form in that series , scoring close to 700 runs , and also captained India in two games — first in Adelaide as stand-in and then in the last game in Sydney , after Dhoni announced his retirement from Test cricket . This will be his first series as full-time captain of the Indian Test side . He earned quite a lot of praise for his aggressive mindset towards captaincy , during those two Tests , Down under .
Even before leaving for Bangladesh , Virat Kohli insisted that the team should always look to win and not only try to be competitive . Kohli said :
“ We have learnt a lot but I do n't think we have to keep playing with the mindset of ‘ we have to keep learning all the time ' . I think it 's time — we have played enough Tests so that we start executing our skills and getting results our way and have the vision and the focus to win Test matches , not just go out there with the mindset of learning with every game . Unless we want to have a vision of winning Test matches , executing our skills against the best in the world , we are falling short of the goals that we want to achieve . We have learnt in the past few Test matches and months but starting now , we want to start achieving the results that we really want , not go away from every Test match thinking about what we have learnt from it . ”
The “ New India ”
On both the batting and bowling fronts , India will have a lot of things to look at , keenly . Apart from Virat Kohli , Ajinkya Rahane and Murali Vijay , the other batsmen had quite a torrid time in the English and Australian tours that have taken place in the past 12 months . Someone like Cheteshwar Pujara , who was billed as Rahul Dravid 's replacement , lost his place in the side towards the end of the Australian Test series , following a poor run of form which spanned over seven Tests .
Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan have n't done anything of note so far , either . Dhawan , in all probability , would n't have made the final XI if Lokesh Rahul , who has been ruled out due to illness , had been fit enough . This gives him another opportunity and it is absolutely vital that he grabs it with both hands . Rohit Sharma has flattered to deceive , as he has done for much of his career . This series provides both a chance to stamp their authority in the side , with nothing but a placid and flat deck awaiting them .
Wriddhiman Saha , who has taken MS Dhoni 's spot , after his retirement , will need to do well to retain his place . With Dinesh Karthik , who is a prolific batsman , in the domestic circuit , and youngsters like Sanju Samson and Kedar Jadhav , waiting in the wings , it is important that he has a good game , just to alleviate some of the pressure that is on him .
As far as the bowling resources are concerned , it will be interesting to see how the likes of Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Ishant Sharma and Umesh Yadav cope on these pitches , which have nothing in it for the pace bowlers . A surprise inclusion in the side , Harbhajan Singh , who regains his spot in the Test team after two years , will have a lot to prove .
Ravichandran Ashwin , who had a brilliant World Cup , will look to spin a web around these young Bangladesh batsmen , in pitches which will provide a lot of assistance for the spinners . Harbhajan Singh in particular will know that a poor showing here could mean that he will never get another chance in the Indian team . It is often the bowling attack that lets India down , so it is critical that they change their outlook , like they did at the World Cup , and look to be more consistent .
Anything but a win will be a failure , so it is extremely important that India play a positive brand of cricket that yields good results .
Likely Playing XI — M Vijay , S Dhawan , C Pujara , V Kohli ( capt . ) , A Rahane , Rohit Sharma , W Saha ( wk ) , H Singh , R Ashwin , B Kumar , U Yadav .
Total Produce has bought a 65 per cent stake in US-based Progressive Produce for an undisclosed sum .
Progressive Produce , which currently employs 214 people , had sales of more than $ 200 million in 2015 . The company is a grower , packer and distributor of conventional and organic produce , supplying potatoes , onions , asparagus , organics and other fresh fruits and vegetables from four distribution facilities in California and Washington .
In a statement to the stock exchange , Total Produce said there would be an initial payment on closing the sale , with a further payment to be made in 2019 if future profit targets are met .
“ This transaction with a leading California produce company further broadens our US operations and is in line with our strategy , ” said Total Produce chairman Carl McCann .
Progressive Produce president Jim Leimkuhler will continue to hold an equity stake , along with vice presidents Victor Rodarte and Jack Gyben . Total said the trio would also continue to be key members of the executive management team .
Me Leimkuhler said the firm was “ pleased and excited ” to join with Total Produce .
“ This transaction will further strengthen the business we have developed and grown over many years . We believe this is an excellent long-term combination of skills and expertise that will benefit all stakeholders , including our growers , our suppliers , our people and our customers . ”
Today during a federal violation hearing it was determined that Deric Lostutter had indeed violated the terms of his release .
With this determination he was immediately taken into custody early .
He was previously set to surrender himself to prison on May 18 , 2017 .
Had Deric not spent his last few weeks of freedom attempting to intimidate others including a high profile South Florida lawyer , or flipping the bird for Instagram , he may have had these last few days to spend with his baby daughter .
Instead he chose to once again thumb his nose at the courts and the orders set forth for him .
Typical Deric is typical .
Follow @ MURTWITNESSONE on Twitter as well for videos and updates .
This story is developing and will be updated as more information is received .
UPDATE :
According to William K Murtaugh who was in the courtroom the judge was very unhappy with Deric . When he asked defense attorney what could be done to keep Deric from further violating if released today , defense could offer no reasonable solution .
Judge also went on to predict ( that ) Deric would violate terms of release within one month of being released from prison .
In keeping in true Deric fashion , he allowed his attorney to throw his own wife under the bus by allowing him to argue that Deric had no idea she was posting videos or pictures of him online . . . never mind the fact these were on Instagram which posts automatically to the internet .
Defense also argued that this was an attempt by Alexandria Goddard to somehow sink the civil case against her . The judge was having none of it and basically made it known that he did n't care what others had done – Deric did not have to do what he did and his flipping the bird to the camera was basically an attempt to intimidate others . The judge went on to call Deric and bully , going on to say he liked to threaten others .
More updates to come …
Read also , Lexington Herald Leader regarding today 's hearing .
UPDATE :
Deric has been booked into the Grayson County , Kentucky jail awaiting his placement in a Federal Facility .
Thoughts very rarely translate into language in completely formed phrases . Sometimes it takes a stab or two to articulate what exactly it is you 're trying to say .
The opposite , however , is also true : Incomplete language can and often does imply perfectly complete ideas , and sometimes an incomplete phrase is the most natural way to express something . And Japanese is a language where this seems especially true .
One of the very first phrases students of the language learn is お名前は？ ( O-namae wa ? , “ [ What 's ] your name ? ” ) This is not a complete sentence grammatically . You can add 何ですか？ ( Nan desu ka ? , What is ? ) and complete the sentence , but it is n't necessary ; everyone in the conversation knows what 's being asked , so in the interest of economy , it gets left out .
This is also true of the casual quotative particle って ( tte ) . Tte is used to tag quoted speech , and it 's easy to leave off the verb 言う ( iu , say ) when it 's unnecessary . For example , 来ないって ( Konai-tte ) is a perfectly good way to say “ Ayaka says she is n't coming. ” Marvel for a moment at the efficiency of the Japanese language .
Feel free to use tte to report other more interesting information , such as カープが 勝ったら、ビールを奢ってくれるって ( Kāpu ga kattara , biiru o ogotte kureru-tte , “ [ She/he says ] she'll/he 'll treat us to beers if the Carp [ Hiroshima 's baseball team ] win ” ) .
You can take advantage of と ( to ) to make deeper inquiries incompletely . For example , if your professor is lecturing you on international relations and mentions that there could be 問題 ( mondai , problems ) with the ratification of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal , you can ask for further clarification with the incomplete phrase 問題とおっしゃいますと… ? ( Mondai to osshaimasu to … ? , “ [ What do you mean ] when you say problems ? ” ) . What 's left off in this case is something like 詳しくどういう問題ですか？ ( Kuwashiku dō iu mondai desu ka ? , “ What kind of problems in particular ? ” ) .
Incomplete sentences are also useful if you fancy modulating your tone . Want to sound like an ornery teenager ? Make use of the explanatory conjunctive particle し ( shi ) . If your mother ( or a friend ) asks 節子を連れてデートしてみたらどうですか ( Setsuko o tsurete dēto shite mitara dō desu ka , “ Why do n't you take Setsuko out on a date ? ” ) , just respond with 全然 タイプじゃないしさ ( Zenzen taipu janai shi sa , ” ‘ Cuz she is n't my type at all ” ) .
If you 're going for circumspect librarian , opt for ので ( no de ) or the shortened んで ( nde ) when making explanations . If , say , someone is talking during the recording of a broadcast of some kind , you could nudge them and say ただいま録音 していますので … ( Tadaima rokuon shite imasu no de … , “ We 're currently recording at the moment , so … ” ) . Implied is 静かにしてください ( Shizuka ni shite kudasai , “ Please be quiet ” ) . No de is a great way to ask someone to cut out whatever it is they 're doing without having to explicitly tell them to stop . After they 've complied , you can soften the tone by adding はい、 申し訳ありません ( Hai , mōshiwake arimasen , “ I 'm terribly sorry ” ) .
One of the most casual ways to throw around incomplete sentences is by using で ( de ) and て ( te ) as gerund forms of verbs , nouns or adjectives . Both act as incomplete ends to sentences that let people in a conversation toss phrases back and forth .
For example , a friend is telling you about a recent shopping trip : 目黒に行って、ちょっとぶらぶらして、めちゃおいしいうなぎを 食べて ( Meguro ni itte , chotto burabura shite , mecha oishii unagi o tabete , “ I went to Meguro , walked around a bit , ate some amazingly delicious eel … ” ) . He pauses here as he recalls the divine flavor of the eel , and you spur him on with a simple inquisitive で ? ( De ? , “ And then ? ” )
He continues : 自分で行って食べてみないとね ( Jibun de itte tabete minai to ne , “ You really should go and try it yourself. ” ) Here he uses the incomplete particle to to suggest that it would be もったいない ( mottainai , a shame ) or 残念 ( zannen , unfortunate ) if you do n't take the opportunity to try it yourself .
You might reply , 行きたいんだけど ( Ikitain da kedo , “ I 'd like to but … ” ) , and the unspoken ellipsis at the end of the sentence might be all you need to suggest it 's beyond your budget at the moment . Once again , an incomplete sentence comes in handy in a delicate situation .
And we should n't forget 一体 ( ittai ) and なんて ( nante ) , very effective ways to express exasperation , shock or disbelief using a grammatically incomplete phrase .
Generally , ittai gets attached to question words such as 一体誰が… ( Ittai dare ga … , “ Who the … ? ” ) or 一体どこに… ( Ittai doko ni … , “ Where the… ? ” ) to express a frustration with someone doing something dumb or unbelievable , or an inability to find something you 've misplaced .
But sometimes ittai on its own is all you need . A Facebook friend recently made use of it for a little self-deprecating humor in his status update : こんな 時間にヒレカツ丼を食ってるオレは一体 … ( Konna jikan ni hirekatsu-don o kutteru ore wa ittai … , “ What the heck [ am I doing/thinking ] eating fried pork fillets at this [ late an ] hour ? ” )
And with nante , all you need to do is attach it onto the end of any ridiculous action to express your incredulity . Use the word まさか ( masaka ) at the beginning as a sort of emphasizer . For example , if you 're responding to current events , you can say まさかトランプが共和党大統領候補者になるなんて… ( Masaka Toranpu ga kyōwatō daitōryō kōhosha ni naru nante … , “ [ I never thought ] Trump would become the Republican presidential candidate … ” ) . Left off here is 思わなかった ( omowanakatta , I did n't think ) .
Being incomplete is something that can actually make you appear more complete as a Japanese speaker . Some scholars report that Japanese leave their sentences incomplete 25 to 50 percent of the time ! These are just a few examples , so be sure to listen closely to complete your collection of incomplete sentences .
Guest post by Ellen Brown .
While 49 state treasuries were submerged in red ink after the 2008 financial crash , one state 's bank outperformed all others and actually launched an economy-shifting new industry . So reports the Wall Street Journal this week , discussing the Bank of North Dakota ( BND ) and its striking success in the midst of a national financial collapse led by the major banks . Chester Dawson begins his November 16th article :
It is more profitable than Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , has a better credit rating than J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and has n't seen profit growth drop since 2003 . Meet Bank of North Dakota , the U.S. 's lone state-owned bank , which has one branch , no automated teller machines and not a single investment banker .
He backs this up with comparative data on the BND 's performance :
[ I ] ts total assets have more than doubled , to $ 6.9 billion last year from $ 2.8 billion in 2007 . By contrast , assets of the much bigger Bank of America Corp. have grown much more slowly , to $ 2.1 trillion from $ 1.7 trillion in that period . . . . Return on equity , a measure of profitability , is 18.56 % , about 70 % higher than those at Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan . . . . Standard & Poor 's Ratings Services last month reaffirmed its double-A-minus rating of the bank , whose deposits are guaranteed by the state of North Dakota . That is above the rating for both Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan and among U.S. financial institutions , second only to the Federal Home Loan Banks , rated double-A-plus .
Dawson goes on , however , to credit the BND 's remarkable performance to the Bakken oil boom . Giving his article the controversial title , “ Shale Boom Helps North Dakota Bank Earn Returns Goldman Would Envy : U.S. 's Lone State-Owned Bank Is Beneficiary of Fracking , ” he contends :
The reason for its success ? As the sole repository of the state of North Dakota 's revenue , the bank has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the boom in Bakken shale-oil production from hydraulic fracturing , or fracking . In fact , the bank played a crucial part in kick-starting the oil frenzy in the state in 2008 amid the financial crisis .
That is how the Wall Street-owned media routinely write off the exceptional record of this lone publicly-owned bank , crediting it to the success of the private oil industry . But the boom did not make the fortunes of the bank . It would be more accurate to say that the bank made the boom .
Excess Deposits Do Not Explain the BND 's Record Profits
Dawson confirms that the BND played a crucial role in kickstarting the boom and the economy , at a time when other states were languishing in recession . It did this by lending for critical infrastructure ( roads , housing , hospitals , hotels ) when other states ' banks were curtailing local lending .
But while the state itself may have reaped increased taxes and fees from the oil boom , the BND got no more out of the deal than an increase in deposits , as Dawson also confirms . The BND is the sole repository of state revenues by law .
Having excess deposits can hardly be the reason the BND has outdistanced even JPMorganChase and Bank of America , which also have massive excess deposits and have not turned them into loans . Instead , they have invested their excess deposits in securities .
Interestingly , the BND has also followed this practice . According to Standard & Poor 's October 2014 credit report , it had a loan to deposit ratio in 2009 of 91 % . This ratio dropped to 57.5 % in 2014 . The excess deposits have gone primarily into Treasuries , US government agency debt , and mortgage-backed securities . Thus the bank 's extraordinary profitability can not be explained by an excess of deposits or an expanded loan portfolio .
Further eroding the Dawson explanation is that the oil boom did not actually hit North Dakota until 2010 . Yet it was the sole state to have escaped the credit crisis by the spring of 2009 , when every other state 's budget had already dipped into negative territory . Montana , the runner-up , was in the black by the end of 2009 ; but it dropped into the red in March of that year and had to implement a pay freeze on state employees .
According to Standard & Poor 's , the BND 's return on equity was up to 23.4 % in 2009 – substantially higher than in any of the years of the oil boom that began in 2010 .
The Real Reasons for Its Stellar Success
To what , then , are the remarkable achievements of this lone public bank attributable ?
The answer is something the privately-owned major media have tried to sweep under the rug : the public banking model is simply more profitable and efficient than the private model . Profits , rather than being siphoned into offshore tax havens , are recycled back into the bank , the state and the community .
The BND 's costs are extremely low : no exorbitantly-paid executives ; no bonuses , fees , or commissions ; only only one branch office ; very low borrowing costs ; and no FDIC premiums ( the state rather than the FDIC guarantees its deposits ) .
These are all features that set publicly-owned banks apart from privately-owned banks . Beyond that , they are safer for depositors , allow public infrastructure costs to be cut in half , and provide a non-criminal alternative to a Wall Street cartel caught in a laundry list of frauds .
Dawson describes some other unique aspects of the BND 's public banking model :
It traditionally extends credit , or invests directly , in areas other lenders shun , such as rural housing loans . . . . [ R ] etail banking accounts for just 2 % -3 % of its business . The bank 's focus is providing loans to students and extending credit to companies in North Dakota , often in partnership with smaller community banks . Bank of North Dakota also acts as a clearinghouse for interbank transactions in the state by settling checks and distributing coins and currency . . . . The bank 's mission is promoting economic development , not competing with private banks . “ We 're a state agency and profit maximization is n't what drives us , ” President Eric Hardmeyer said . . . . It recently started offering mortgages to individuals in the most underserved corners of the state . But Mr. Hardmeyer dismisses any notion the bank could run into trouble with deadbeat borrowers . “ We know our customers , ” he said . “ You 've got to understand the conservative nature of this state . Nobody here is really interested in making subprime loans . ”
The Downsides of a Boom
The bank 's mission to promote economic development could help explain why its return on equity has actually fallen since the oil boom hit in 2010 . The mass invasion by private oil interests has put a severe strain on the state 's infrastructure , forcing it to muster its resources defensively to keep up ; and the BND is in the thick of that battle .
In an August 2011 article titled “ North Dakota 's Oil Boom is a Blessing and a Curse ” , Ryan Holeywell writes that virtually all major infrastructure in the boom cities and counties is strained or exhausted . To shore up its infrastructure needs , the state has committed hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue . Meanwhile , it is trying to promote industries other than oil and gas , such as companies involved with unmanned aircraft , manufacturing associated with wind energy equipment , and data centers ; but the remoteness of the western part of the state , along with the high cost of labor , makes doing business there complicated and expensive .
Hydrofracking , which has been widely attacked as an environmental hazard , is not as bad in North Dakota as in other states , since the process takes place nearly two miles underground ; but it still raises significant environmental concerns . In 2011 , the state levied $ 3 million in fines against 20 oil companies for environmental violations . It also undertook a review of industry regulations and was in the process of doubling its oil field inspectors .
The greatest stresses from the oil industry , however , involve the shortage of housing and the damage to the county road system , which in many places consists of two-lane gravel and dirt roads . Drilling a new well requires more than 2,000 truck trips , and the heavy rigs are destroying the roads . Fixing them has been estimated to require an investment of more than $ 900 million over the next 20 years .
These are external costs imposed by the oil industry that the government has to pick up . All of it requires financing , and the BND is there to provide the credit lines .
Lighting a Fire under Legislators
What the Bank of North Dakota has done to sustain its state 's oil boom , a publicly-owned bank could do for other promising industries in other states . But Dawson observes that no other state has yet voted to take up the challenge , despite a plethora of bills introduced for the purpose . Legislators are slow to move on innovations , unless a fire is lit under them by a crisis or a mass popular movement .
We would be better off sparking a movement than waiting for a crisis . The compelling data in Dawson 's Wall Street Journal article , properly construed , could add fuel to the flames .
____________________
Ellen Brown is an attorney , founder of the Public Banking Institute , and author of twelve books , including the best-selling Web of Debt . In The Public Bank Solution , her latest book , she explores successful public banking models historically and globally . Her 200+ blog articles are at EllenBrown.com .
New Material Mimics Bone To Create Better Biomedical Implants
A “ metal foam ” that has a similar elasticity to bone could mean a new generation of biomedical implants that would avoid bone rejection that often results from more rigid implant materials , such as titanium . Researchers at North Carolina State University have developed the metal foam , which is even lighter than solid aluminum and can be made of 100 percent steel or a combination of steel and aluminum .
In a new paper , researchers have reported recent findings that , in addition to the extraordinary high-energy absorption capability and light weight of their novel composite foams , the “ modulus of elasticity ” of the foam is very similar to that of bone . Modulus of elasticity measures a material 's ability to deform when pressure is applied and then return to its original shape when pressure is removed . The rough surface of the foam would also foster bone growth into the implant , improving the strength of implant .
Modulus of elasticity , which is measured in gigapascals ( GPa ) , is extremely important for biomedical implants , explains Dr. Afsaneh Rabiei , an associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering and an associate faculty member of biomedical engineering at NC State and co-author of the paper .
“ When an orthopedic or dental implant is placed in the body to replace a bone or a part of a bone , it needs to handle the loads in the same way as its surrounding bone , ” Rabiei says . “ If the modulus of elasticity of the implant is too much bigger than the bone , the implant will take over the load bearing and the surrounding bone will start to die . This will cause the loosening of the implant and eventually ends in failure . This is known as “ ‘ stress shielding . ' ” When this happens , the patient will need a revision surgery to replace the implant . Our composite foam can be a perfect match as an implant to prevent stress shielding , ” Rabiei explains .
To give an idea of the difference between the modulus of elasticity of bone and that of traditional implants , bone has a modulus of between 10 and 30 GPa – while titanium has a modulus of approximately 100 GPa . The new composite foam has a modulus that is consistent with bone , and is also relatively light because it is porous .
The rough surface of the metal foam , Rabiei says , “ will bond well with the new bone formed around it and let the body build inside its surface porosities . This will increase the mechanical stability and strength of the implant inside the body . ”
The research , “ Evaluation of modulus of elasticity of composite metal foams by experimental and numerical techniques , ” was funded by the National Science Foundation and will be published in the March issue of Materials Science and Engineering A . The research was co-authored by Rabiei and former NC State Ph.D. student L. Vendra .
-shipman-
Note to editors : The study abstract follows .
“ Evaluation of modulus of elasticity of composite metal foams by experimental and numerical techniques ”
Authors : L. Vendra , Afsaneh Rabiei , North Carolina State University
Published : March 2010 , Materials Science and Engineering A
Abstract : The elastic behavior of Al–steel composite metal foams developed by casting technique was characterized by evaluating the modulus of elasticity through compression experiments , constitutive scaling equations and 2D finite element modeling . Experiments showed an elastic modulus of 10–12 GPa for Al–steel composite foams while the scaling laws predicted 3.5 GPa and 30 GPa as the lower and upper bounds of modulus of elasticity respectively . Two-dimensional finite element models of composite foams developed and analyzed assuming perfectly elastic materials , resulted in an elastic modulus of 10 GPa which is in good agreement with the experimental results .
West Hollywood is no longer on board with the plan to build a multi-use megaproject next to the Pacific Design Center , on a Metro-owned parcel at Santa Monica and San Vicente . This week , the West Hollywood City Council unanimously voted to ask Metro not to extend a contract they have with PDC owner Charles Cohen and his company , Cohen Brothers Realty Corporation of California , that allows Cohen to negotiate exclusively to put a mall bigger than the Grove on the site , says Wehoville . In 2013 , Metro agreed to work solely with Cohen on developing the Design Village megaproject for their 10.4-acre lot , which they currently use as parking for buses ; that contract expires this coming April . Meanwhile , WeHo is peeved that the massive development—335 residential units plus 67 apartments for seniors , a 250-room hotel , a movie theater , an outdoor amphitheater that seats nearly 700 , plus restaurants , clubs , and bars—is being planned out without input from anyone , including them .
Cohen 's initial plans for the parcel , drawn up by Gruen Associates , popped up pretty much out of nowhere and unpleasantly surprised WeHo earlier this month . `` A project of this scope and magnitude needs to be led by the City and its partner agencies of Metro and the County of Los Angeles . The process under by which such a significant publicly owned site is envisioned should be inclusive and transparent , and led by the community rather than the private sector , '' WeHo Community Development Director Stephanie DeWolfe wrote at the time in a memo to the city council . Aside from wanting to have at least some say in a 1.35-million-square-foot project that could rise in their city , which could include a new sheriff 's station and city hall , WeHo also hopes any future designs for the spot would incorporate some kind of public transit connection , which Cohen apparently is n't interested in .
· WeHo Council Recommends MTA Not Extend Negotiation Contract with Charles Cohen [ Wehoville ]
· Here 's the Pacific Design Center Megaproject That West Hollywood Wants to Cancel Now [ Curbed LA ]
Frontpage Slideshow | Copyright © 2006-2011 JoomlaWorks Ltd .
My Retina Tracker®
My Retina Tracker ® is a free on-line registry provided by the Foundation Fighting Blindness as part of its mission to drive the research that will provide preventions , treatments and cures for people affected by retinitis pigmentosa , macular degeneration , Usher syndrome and the entire spectrum of inherited retinal degenerative diseases .
My Retina Tracker ® is designed with state-of-the-art database technology to protect your privacy . Data in the registry is only accessible to the participants , the Foundation registry staff and appropriately qualified researchers who have applied to the Foundation , through a rigorous scientific review process , for access to the data for research or to help accelerate clinical trial enrollments .
To create an account in My Registry Tracker ® :
Click the Register Now link .
You will be guided through an informed consent process to ensure you understand your rights .
You will then be invited to establish a username and password . Please note : for your security , the Retina Tracker ® site is completely independent of the Foundation Fighting Blindness website and requires its own username and password .
You will then be guided through a series of questions that will build your personalized retinal health profile .
Once an account is established you can access your data at any time . This will allow you to update your retinal health profile as you wish . By using the “ Notes ” function of My Retina Tracker ® , you will be able to record and review your own account of how your retinal health changes over time .
To Include Your Clinical Exam Results
After you have registered as a participant , you have the option to invite your retinal healthcare provider ( doctor or genetic counselor ) to update your records , each time you have an appointment . To do so , fill out the Clinical Data Input Request form , take it to your appointment and ask your healthcare provider to enter your most recent exam results .
Acknowledgements :
My Retina Tracker is supported in part by a generous grant from the George Gund Foundation . The Genetic Testing Study is made available to members of My Retina Tracker through generous grants provided by the George Gund Foundation and Sofia Sees Hope , a non-profit organization dedicated to providing information and support to those affected by LCA and other rare inherited retinal diseases .
Have you been trying to get in shape your whole life ?
Are you unhappy about your body ?
Do you blame your metabolism ?
My friend , it 's time for a wake-up call . Here 's some truth serum for ya :
No matter how many miles you spend on the treadmill… YOU CAN NOT ‘ OUT RUN ' YOUR MOUTH . In other words : trying to lose weight by exercise alone will inevitably FAIL for one simple reason :
Drum roll please…
Calories Burned = Appetite Gained .
No level of activity will make up for an over reactive drive to eat .
Think about every damn time you heard to “ eat less and work more ” . Are you mad ? Confused ? You should be .
The industry is constantly trying to sell you magic pills , instant abs , and “ fat free ” coffee creamer .
They do n't work ( often by design ) and the result is you are slowly turning into a promising SUMO !
I am a Certified Ottawa Personal Trainer , and I am disillusioned with the fitness industry . In fact , I think the industry is INSANE !
I combine the scientific method of the 4 Hour Body with my attention and frequent measurements to achieve results faster than any other trainer in Ottawa
I stand by that claim and if you are not satisfied with the results that we produce then you get 110 % of your money back . I am not kidding !
Combine my expertise with the principles of The 4 Hour Body and you will feel like a new person !
Subscribe to my FREE newsletter and you will see how deep the rabbit hole goes !
Email Address *
Do you want to… Lose 25 Pounds in 30 Days
Go from 5K to 50K in 12 Weeks
Add 100 Pounds to Your Bench Press
Regain the buoyant flexibility of your youth
Then We Need To Talk . Click Here To Learn More About Rapid Body Transformation
OTTAWA/TORONTO ( Reuters ) - Canada 's annual inflation rate edged up to a 28-month high in June , the second month in a row it has exceeded the Bank of Canada 's target , posing a challenge to the central bank 's view that recent strength in prices is temporary .
People walk out of a Canadian Tire Store that is located by a Mark 's clothing store , which is owned by Canadian Tire Corporation in Toronto , May 8 , 2014 . REUTERS/Mark Blinch
Annual inflation rose to 2.4 percent last month , Statistics Canada said on Friday , the highest rate since the 2.6 percent seen in February 2012 . It also surpassed forecasts for inflation to hold at May 's 2.3 percent level .
The Bank of Canada 's closely watched core inflation rate , which strips out the prices of some volatile items , increased to 1.8 percent from 1.7 percent the month before , making it the highest since June 2012 .
The increase comes just two days after the Bank of Canada - which has long fretted about the risks of low inflation - said the recent surge is temporary and forecast that the overall inflation rate will drop below the bank 's 2.0 percent target next year .
The rise in inflation , combined with separate data that showed surprisingly strong wholesale sales in May , pushed the Canadian dollar to a one-week high . [ CAD/ ]
The reports will further dampen any concern the Bank of Canada has about inflation being too low , said Doug Porter , chief economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto .
“ In fact , if anything it casts a shadow of a doubt on just how transitory this runup in inflation actually is , ” Porter said . “ It does n't look that transitory to me , it seems , if anything , to be sticking . ”
Still , analysts do not expect the report to alter the Bank of Canada 's view for now .
“ Near-term price gain should ultimately be seen as transitory , just given that the broader growth outlook is somewhat softer than expected , ” said Ian Pollick , fixed income strategist at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto . “ Economic slack should , at some point , absorb some of this near-term strength . ”
The central bank has kept its key interest rate frozen at a near record low 1.0 percent since September 2010 and says it will not consider a hike until inflation picks up and the sputtering economy recovers .
Rising prices for shelter , food and transportation were largely responsible for the increase in the annual inflation rate . Prices for shelter and food both rose by 2.9 percent from a year earlier .
A separate report from Statistics Canada showed wholesale sales jumped by an unexpectedly high 2.2 percent in May to a record C $ 52.58 billion ( $ 49.14 billion ) . April 's month-on-month gain was revised up to 1.4 percent from an initial 1.2 percent .
The motor vehicles and parts subsector rose 9.8 percent in May , accounting for most of the overall gain . [ ID : nL2N0PS22J ]
( $ 1= $ 1.07 Canadian )
Image copyright Getty Images
Deutsche Bank has set up a `` working group '' to review whether to move parts of its British divisions to Germany if the UK leaves the EU .
The working group has been established , but it is `` early days and no decisions have been made '' , a spokesperson for the bank told the BBC .
Prime Minister David Cameron has promised a referendum on the UK 's EU membership by the end of 2017 .
Deutsche Bank employs 9,000 people in the UK .
It is the first of the banks to publicly state that it is formally examining the potential fallout from the referendum , according to the Financial Times , which first reported the story .
Many businesses have urged the government to bring forward the referendum to end the prolonged wait .
James Bevan , chief investment officer of CCLA Investment Management , told the BBC 's Today programme that a review of the sort that Deutsche Bank was carrying out should be on the agenda of all major businesses in Europe .
`` Every company that has business of a global nature , or indeed , particularly in Europe , is going to have at least a plan of what it will do , and any company that does not have a plan is absolutely remiss in managing its risks , '' he said .
On Monday , British Chambers of Commerce director general John Longworth told the BBC that an in-out referendum should `` take place as soon as is practical '' .
Mr Longworth said that 55 % of his members were in favour of a `` reformed Europe '' , and said the `` in-out debate is more nuanced than a lot of people would have us believe '' .
The chairman of construction equipment maker JCB also said on Monday that the UK should not fear an exit from the European Union .
`` We are the fifth or sixth largest economy in the world . We could exist on our own - peacefully and sensibly , '' Lord Bamford told BBC Midlands Today .
The Outbreak — How much traffic does a FB page generate , from the total traffic that a link gets .
Florin Badita Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 17 , 2016
To get this insight , i ` m using The Outbreak , a tool that i developed .
The Outbreak Part 1 . How does the algorithm work
The Outbreak Part 2 . How is the workflow designed .
Part 1 . Short Explanation .
For each post that shared a link , i measure 2 things :
Total number of shares that the FB post had generated for a post .
2 . Total number of shares that that link had generated on all of the facebook pages , profiles or groups were it was shared .
To first understand what i do , we have to look at this post from the FB page Americans Agains the Republican Party . If we look at the red annotation , we can see the number of Shares that this articles had generated , for this post . 8461 shares . This is the number of shares that this FB post got .
But a link get posted by multiple Facebook pages , so how do we get a sense of what is the total number of Facebook Shares for a specific link ?
Simple , we use the facebook API and we gen information 's about that link :
We can see that for this post , the total number of shares is over 62K .
Doing a simple math , we can see that the link generated around 15 % of the total number of shares .
By comparing the difference , we can learn what percent of the total traffic generated to a post comes from page X .
Donald Trump is contributing with at least 15 % of all of the shares of an article .
In other words , we can understand what difference does a page make in pushing the news in their vertical . If we analyze pages that usually post fake viral news , we can get a understanding of how much do their push their own agenda or they are part of a grater momentum about that specific topic .
If we look for example at the FranklinGraham FB page , we see that more than half of the total shares of the links that he shared were from his FB page . This means if he would stop sharing about that articles , they would lose 60 % of their traffic .
Part 2 — Cleaning the data
I first remove all of the links that shared a link on facebook about another facebook status . This removes 14K records that were a “ repost ”
Part 3 — Interpret the data .
For example Breitbart , a page famous for sharing fake or misleading articles , generate at least 20 % of the total number of shares that on articles get .
The number is much higher . For example , if somebody copy and paste the link into 100 FB groups , this shares will appear only as the total shares number , not as shares generated by the page .
Bernie Sanders it ` s a interesting example , he seems to share news that are more popular , or they are spread by much more people compared with Donald Trump for example , were he leads with almost 25 % of the shares of news that he shares .
I ` m not sure how to interpret this data , just stumbled yesterday while trying to make some visualizations . I consider that it ` s useful to be able to see this information 's in a transparent way , so that other data analysts and scientists , journalists can get a better understanding in the propagation of news , viral news and most importantly , fake viral news .
This is a sample of the data that i get , extracting just the Donald Trump latest posts :
You can see a graph with all of the FB pages that i monitor here :
Sorry for the language mistakes in the article , English is not my first language .
About Me
In the last 3 years i ` m a collaborator with the Organised Crime and Corruption Reporting Projects ( OCCRP ) , were i do data analysis and pattern recognition to uncover patterns of corruption in unstructured datasets .
In September 2016 i have moved to San Francisco , to start a new life here . Searching for a Job .
You can find me online on Medium Florin Badita , AngelList , Twitter , Linkedin , Openstreetmap , Github , Quora , Facebook
Share
Previous Next 1 of 1 Close
The new flat-screen OLED TVs filling out the EF9500 series include the 55-inch 55EF9500 and the 65-inch 65EF9500 . Pricing and features for the new line are almost identical to the curved EF9600 series — the 55-inch model will run $ 5,500 while the 65-inch model will go for $ 7,000 — but there is one notable exception : The EF9500 series will be the only LG OLED able to take full advantage of HDR-infused content from Ultra HD Blu-ray discs and players , expected later this year . While the EF9600 series will get a firmware update that allows it to process HDR content from streaming services like Netflix , Amazon and Vudu , the update does n't cover the TV 's HDMI ports . While this is n't a serious hindrance for the curved OLEDs — Ultra Blu-ray discs will still look spectacular — it is a particular advantage only the flat-screened OLED TVs will enjoy .
For those not familiar , the idea behind HDR is that it can provide a higher level of contrast between light and dark images on the screen to create a much more realistic image . HDR makes bright highlights brighter , adding realism to the glint of sunlight reflecting off a lake , or the intensity of the moon and stars shining against a dark night sky . In our experience , the effect is impressive . In fact , many in the industry believe HDR represents a significantly bigger leap in picture quality than UHD 's higher resolution .
LG claims its OLED TVs are particularly well-suited for HDR since the TV technology is capable of perfect black levels ; and we 're inclined to agree . The deeper blacks OLED TVs are able to achieve without introducing so-called “ halos ” of light around bright objects make for an especially stunning television . Though impressive advances in LED/LCD TV technology have been made in recent years , side-by-side comparisons see the OLED winning out every time .
One might be disappointed to learn the price for the flat OLED TVs does n't come in under that of their curved counterparts , especially given that flat LED TVs usually cost less than curved LED options . However , it could be argued that making OLED TVs is still expensive — LG is the only name in the game right now — and the expense for production is about the same . It is also worth pointing out that LG 's current 55-inch 1080p OLED now sells for $ 2,500 or less , while the company 's first-gen OLED sold for $ 15,000 — a 75 percent decrease in price over just two years .
We anticipate LG will be showing off the EF9500 next week at IFA 2015 in Berlin , and Digital Trends will be there first hand to show it to you .
A couple of months ago I read a few articles about developers turning off their syntax highlighting . At that time I had never questioned its utility . I decided to conduct a little experiment with me as the test subject .
Initially , turning off syntax highlighting felt weird . I could n't skip through the source that fast anymore and it became harder to read . Even though this appeared to be an impairment I found it to be the strongest argument for making the switch . By forcing me to read the code more carefully , it made me understand it better . Another thing that I 've noticed was that my coding style changed . I was structuring my source better ; I was applying recurring visual patterns , writing less convoluted statements , and keeping my files short and concise . Instead of external stimuli ( e.g . Linter , QA ) forcing these practices upon me I was doing them naturally .
The switch made me a big proponent of conditional highlighting . Unlike syntax highlighting , it emphasizes only the information that is relevant at a given time . For example a syntax checker that highlights your mistakes on every file save . Because the noise of the syntax highlighting was gone the conditional highlighting was even more visible , which made it an even more effective tool .
As developers we have two objectives : Building software that works and writing code that others understand . Turning off syntax highlighting can make it easier to achieve the latter , but it does n't have to . You should decide for yourself if it belongs in your tool chain .
If you are interested what people think about this article you can read its comments on hackernews .
Iran said it had to go into Iraq and Syria because it is facing a direct threat from terrorism , and prevent radicals from hitting the country . The US said the same thing before invading Iraq and Afghanistan , former Pentagon official Michael Maloof told RT .
The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday slammed the nuclear deal brokered by the Obama administration with Iran .
He said that although Iran has met its obligations under the agreement , it is still threatening US interests , the region , and the entire world .
Tillerson said , `` Iran remains a leading state sponsor of terror , through many platforms and methods . ''
His statement came shortly after Defense Secretary James Mattis said Iran was playing a destabilizing role in the region . He added that the US needs to overcome Tehran 's influence to reach a solution to the conflict in Yemen .
'An unchecked # Iran has the potential to travel the same path as # NorthKorea ‒ and take the world along with it ' https : //t.co/nQDF5fl5Qhpic.twitter.com/oNuM1ejNJq — RT America ( @ RT_America ) April 19 , 2017
“ Everywhere you look if there is trouble in the region , you find Iran , ” he told reporters in Riyadh after meeting senior Saudi officials , Reuters cited .
RT : The US admits Iran is complying with its nuclear obligations . What is Washington actually worried about here ?
Michael Maloof : Trump during the campaign said it was the worst deal that was ever negotiated . Other than that , the administration is required to give about an every 90-day update to the Congress , particularly on whether or not it is going got relief of sanctions . This report was expected , and Mr. Tillerson said Iran is compliant . The question then comes around : do they ultimately relieve sanctions and of course the agreements that sanctions would be relieved . This is something Congress and the administration are going have to deal with . I doubt that the administration ultimately after these 90 days review , that the President has called for , will ultimately just discard that agreement .
Tillerson says Iran complies with nuke deal but remains a leading state sponsor of terror https : //t.co/Wm50czGPb8 — RT America ( @ RT_America ) April 19 , 2017
You 've got five other countries from the UN Security Council that agreed to it . It is also in Iran 's benefit to adhere to it , and it has . It is a good sign . In terms of what it does ultimately in the future – hopefully , relations can improve over time ; and Iran , even though it has a legitimate right to re-enrich it has never gone up to the level of 90 percent enrichment is required for a nuclear weapon .
RT : James Mattis said , “ wherever there 's trouble in the Middle East , you find Iran. ” Is it fair to blame Iran for all the conflicts and instability in the region ?
MM : The conflicts ultimately rest at the doorstep of Washington . If it were n't for going into Iraq back in 2003 , it would n't have created the conditions that laid bare for the creation of ISIS . Then you had Saudi Arabia that has been the chief sponsor and financier of Jihadi Salafism and they continue to do it through their Mosques and preach it through their Mosques even now . Iran has an interesting perspective , just as the US and George Bush said they were going to go into Iraq and also Afghanistan to stop terrorism , so it does n't come to the US . Iran has basically said the same thing : that they had to go into Iraq , Syria , even Lebanon to prevent ISIS and even Al-Qaeda from hitting Iran . That is a very serious threat since there is a threat to their country directly , as opposed to the US , which is oceans apart . So when you look at it from their perspective…it is not necessarily that Iran was to create a Shia Crescent per se . But it has influence in the Middle East , and it has had it for centuries . And for Saudi Arabia , which is only 200 years old , to say otherwise is ridiculous .
Uncapped Englishmen Richard Gleeson and Benny Howell are among the 31 foreign players signed by Bangladesh Premier League teams before Friday 's player draft .
Other county cricketers to win deals include Ashar Zaidi , Ravi Bopara and Riki Wessels .
The high-profile players who have already signed contracts include Chris Gayle , Dwayne Smith and Shoaib Malik ( all Chittagong Vikings ) , Kumar Sangakkara , Andre Russell , Mahela Jayawardene and Dwayne Bravo ( all Dhaka Dynamites ) , Darren Sammy ( Rajshahi ) and Shahid Afridi ( Rangpur Riders ) .
Gleeson , 28 , will link up with Afridi at the Riders , alongside Sharjeel Khan , Babar Azam , Mohammad Shahzad , Dasun Shanaka and Gidron Pope , with several more big-name signings to come in the draft .
Howell , meanwhile , will play with Nicholas Pooran , Wessels , Kevon Cooper and Mohammad Asghar at the Titans .
Step Up For Gleeson
For Gleeson in particular , this deal marks a new chapter in his career . Despite already being 28 years old , the right-arm seamer has only been in professional cricket for two years , and was appearing for Northamptonshire on a match-by-match basis until July .
However , he now has a professional contract with the club , and is no longer juggling his second job as a coach for the Lancashire Cricket Board in clubs and schools .
Whilst he did not perform quite as he would have liked in Division Two of the County Championship this summer , Gleeson was on inspirational form with the white ball .
His 14 wickets at 16 apiece in the T20 Blast came whilst he conceded only 5.97 runs per over , despite often bowling at the start and end of an innings . In the One-Day Cup , the seamer averaged 22.46 with the ball , taking thirteen wickets .
Howell Form Rewarded
Benny Howell has been an underrated bowler for much of his career , but his wicket-taking form in the T20 Blast this season has finally seen his efforts rewarded .
According to CricketRatings.co.uk , Howell is currently the fifth-best T20 bowler in world cricket , despite his seemingly innocuous action . Sky have also frequently sung his praises this year due to his ability to bowl a ‘ knuckle ball ' , a slower ball which is extremely difficult to pick .
In this year 's Blast , the 27-year-old managed 24 wickets at 16.01 apiece , and conceded his runs at just 6.88 per over .
Photo used with kind permission of Kyle Andrews
NY Prosecutor : Annoying Someone Is A Criminal Act , Especially If It 's In Writing
from the because-'on-a-computer ' dept
Some very interesting claims arose from oral arguments related to a case that has been kicked around the court system for a couple of years now . The case is People v. Golb , one that arose out of an extended disagreement between two college professors ( Norman Golb of the University of Chicago and Lawrence Schiffman of NYU ) over the origins of the Dead Sea Scrolls .
One thing led to another… which then ( inexplicably ) led to Norman Golb 's son , Raphael , creating more than 50 online aliases to create a ground swell of support for his father 's views… which then ( even more inexplicably ) led to Raphael Golb impersonating Lawrence Schiffman ( via email ) in order to portray Schiffman as a plagiarist -- using Schiffman 's own email address . It is this Golb the People have a problem with .
( Even more inexplicably , this somehow also led to a lawyer claiming to represent Schiffman sending legal threats to bloggers who had covered the case , asserting that their `` criminal postings '' needed to be taken down immediately . Clifford A Rieders Esq . could not have picked the worst trio of bloggers to send baseless legal threats to : Scott Greenfield of Simple Justice , Eugene Volokh of the Volokh Conspiracy and Ken White of Popehat . Lessons were indubitably learned . )
In January of 2013 , the court found that the younger Golb 's First Amendment rights had not been violated during his prosecution for impersonating Schiffman in order to discredit him .
The pre-Washington Post version of Volokh Conspiracy covered the relevant parts of the decision .
Defendant 's convictions arise out of his use of emails to impersonate actual persons . Nothing in this prosecution , or in the court 's jury charge , violated defendant 's First Amendment or other constitutional rights… Among other things , defendant sent emails in which one of his father 's rivals purportedly admitted to acts of plagiarism…
Defendant was not prosecuted for the content of any of the emails , but only for giving the false impression that his victims were the actual authors of the emails . The First Amendment protects the right to criticize another person , but it does not permit anyone to give an intentionally false impression that the source of the message is that other person ( see SMJ Group , Inc. v 417 Lafayette Restaurant LLC , 439 F Supp 2d 281 ( SD NY 2006 ] ) .
I 've blogged before about the danger of criminal harassment laws , when they are extended beyond offensive speech to one particular unwilling person — the traditional telephone harassment example — and apply instead to speech about a person . ( See posts here and here , as well as this law review article , which starts by concrete examples of how such laws have been used . ) And the prosecutor 's statement in this argument helps illustrate just how broadly prosecutors can read such laws .
CHIEF JUDGE LIPPMAN : Is this aggravated harassment or is this just annoying behavior ?
MR. RIVELLESE : Well , it 's both , that 's for sure . What 's the - - -
CHIEF JUDGE LIPPMAN : Well , but is it technically a crime ? Can it be in this kind of - - -
MR. RIVELLESE : Yes .
CHIEF JUDGE LIPPMAN : Is n't that a little bit overbroad ?
MR. RIVELLESE : No .
CHIEF JUDGE LIPPMAN : No ? Go ahead . Why not ?
MR. RIVELLESE : This - - - this is the closest argument obviously in the case , but the aggravated harassment involves an intent to harass , annoy or alarm , and it 's - - - it 's got an intent that 's required . It 's also got the likelihood of harassing or alarming the recipients or the victims . It 's also got - - -
JUDGE SMITH : If I - - - if I ask you a question that I expect to be an annoying question , and is likely to be an annoying question , am I committing a misdemeanor by asking the question ?
MR. RIVELLESE : No , because there 's no writing . The aggravated harassment - - -
JUDGE SMITH : Oh , but - - - oh , but if I submitted the question in writing , it would be a misdemeanor ?
MR. RIVELLESE : Well , if - - - if you conveyed to somebody . So if you e-mailed somebody or you wrote a letter - - -
JUDGE SMITH : Really ? Really ?
JUDGE SMITH : If I e-mail someone an annoying question , I get a year ?
MR. RIVELLESE : Well , it has to be likely to annoy , harass , or alarm - - -
CHIEF JUDGE LIPPMAN : So if Judge Smith put what he 's asking you now in writing , this is a crime ?
MR. RIVELLESE : I 'm not annoyed . I 'm not annoyed . So I 'm fine .
CHIEF JUDGE LIPPMAN : Oh , okay , you 're not annoyed . Okay . It might have been mis - - -
JUDGE SMITH : Give me - - - give me time .
MR. RIVELLESE : The proper discussion - - -
JUDGE ABDUS-SALAAM : Counsel , is it that subjective that the person who receives the question has to feel that it 's annoying ?
MR. RIVELLESE : Well , no , it is - - - it 's reasonableness .
JUDGE ABDUS-SALAAM : It has to have an objective right .
JUDGE PIGOTT : But as a third - - - you 're saying there can be a third party aggravated harassment .
MR. RIVELLESE : Yes , if still - - - there 's still an intended victim .
JUDGE PIGOTT : So if - - - well , that 's I - - - you get - - - you get three college kids - - - you get some college kid who write - - - who e-mails the girlfriend of his roommate saying , you know , he really is a useless person . Is that aggravated harassment with respect to the victim , boyfriend/roommate ?
MR. RIVELLESE : Yes , because it 's got - - -
JUDGE PIGOTT : Really ?
MR. RIVELLESE : It meets all the elements . It does not require that the person that you send the communication to is the same person that you intend to harass , annoy and alarm .
Intentionally trying to make others believe that someone did something ( write an e-mail ) that he did not inflict specific harm on that other person , whether by harming his reputation or at least by making others think that he believes something that he does n't ( which will often be civilly actionable under the false light tort ) . To be sure , that usually leads to civil liability , but nothing in the Court 's decision suggests that criminal liability in such cases is impermissible , especially when the law is limited to relatively clearly identifiable falsehoods , such as falsely claiming to be someone you are not .
This decision is now being appealed , and the Volokh Conspiracy ( Beltway Edition ) is again on the scene , pointing out how the prosecutor is pushing for a very broad reading of relevant statutes -- something that will be of concern to anyone who might say something offensive via the internet.Eugene Volokh quotes part of the oral arguments presented April 2nd . Here 's the lead-up and the relevant quote , both of which highlight the prosecutor 's ( Vincent Rivellese ) ridiculous stance , and the judges ' incredulity at what 's being claimed.The delineation is obviously foggy if saying something is no crime , but writing it down . Further on : So it would appear . Objective but not subjective , but in this case , with the impersonation of another person , Rivellese seems to feel that it 's actually a more subjective problem , especially when it 's not even the victim who 's being directly targeted . And the `` intent to annoy and alarm '' exception to the First Amendment should be enforcedthe speech isa person rather than directeda person.This is what alarms Volokh . The narrow targeting of the First Amendment exceptions are being broadly read by prosecutors . This is the sort of expansion -- one that pushes behavior normally subject only to civil actions into criminal territory -- that invariably makes its way into newly-crafted laws targeting online behavior.Here 's what Volokh originally said about the decision that 's now being appealed.That 's much more limited than what the prosecutor 's arguing . His argument removes the limitations ( falsehoods and false impersonation ) and suggests that nearly any attempt to harass or annoy someone is a criminal offense . This is on top of his claim that there 's a clear delineation between oral and written speech , with the latter being the more `` criminal '' of the two . It 's this sort of broad reading that makes nearly every new cyberbullying/harassment law a handy new tool to criminalize a vast swath of online behavior .
Filed Under : annoying , first amendment , free speech , harassment , lawrence schiffman , normal golb , raphael golb
So those who know me well , know that Welcome to Night Vale is my favorite thing in the history of ever . What you may or may not probably also know is that they came out with a book in October . A book I had pre-ordered and received the day it came out . Because that 's what you do when your favorite thing ever suddenly exists in book form .
Or at least , that 's what I do .
I worked late that night and could barely concentrate . All I wanted was that sweet book action . I rushed home and raced to my mailbox . My heart was pounding . I had n't even looked at the cover of the book online lest I die of excitement .
I tore into the packaging like a rabid animal . And there it was . My book . My Night Vale . And the cover was so beautiful . I kissed it . Right there . In front of god and all my neighbors . It was the most action I 'd had in a pathetic amount of months .
I vowed to read every word of that gorgeous book right then and there . I vowed to not sleep until I had consumed it . I would make these words a part of myself . I would weave a blanket of them around myself and wear it as a protective charm .
I may have been a bit overzealous .
I fell asleep after about 30 pages and woke up feeling betrayed by my body . How dare it sleeps ? How dare it even needs sleep in the presence of such majesty ? I have no excuses for my behavior .
So the next day I read the entire thing in one sitting lying in bed . Trying to find a position that did not make me want to die . Which is impossible with my jacked up back .
And I will review that book now :
I do n't quite know how to say this . So I 'll just come out and say it . I did not love this book . It left me feeling a bit ambiguous . It 's possible that my hopes were too high . Okay in fairness , it 's likely that my hopes were too high .
The authors ( and creators of the podcast ) Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor took me through a range of emotions . Not all of which were expected or welcome . The podcast is entertaining and amusing but also , at times , deep and thought provoking . It has made me cry many times .
The book just made me feel melancholy .
The relationship between Diane Crayton and her son , Josh was upsetting for me . Maybe this is because of my own issues , my own life . But it was difficult for me to read and impossible for me to enjoy .
I saw those same conflicts echoed in the other main character of the novel , Jackie Fierro and her mother . Why does everyone have such strained relationships with their mothers in Night Vale ?
Both characters are completely isolated from the world around them . They live in silent cages of work and home with no room for anything in between . They do not even have friends , just acquaintances .
Jackie is trying to solve the mystery of the slip of paper she ca n't seem to get rid of . And Diane is trying to solve the mystery of Josh 's father 's sudden reappearance in Night Vale . The two of them clash several times before deciding to team up and figure out just what is going on in their town .
Many of the old Night Vale familiar faces make appearances in this novel . Old Woman Josie and the angels ; who are some of my favorite characters and are in my favorite scene in the book .
John Peters , you know , the farmer ? Even Mayor Dana Cardinal and Steve Carlsberg , who is apparently universally hated by the citizens of the town which is becoming increasingly inexplicable to me .
Jackie and Diane brave the terrifying library and a pack of ferocious librarians in their quest . This was one of the best parts of the book , creepy and well written . The characters seemed the most complex and multidimensional in the library scenes .
Eventually the two of them do solve their respective mysteries . Which of course turn out to be inextricably linked . The way many things in Night Vale are .
Also , the long awaited identity of the man in the tan jacket is revealed . I personally have wondered at his identity since his original appearance in the podcast and felt some satisfaction at finally having some answers .
The novel also addresses the question of what it is like for Night Vale to touch upon the real world , even if only at the edges . The answers are about what you would expect from these two writers .
Overall I would say the book is good . Certainly worth reading . Worth owning . I still love the podcast and will definitely be rereading the book again at some point .
Has anyone else read it ? Is this a case of me being too picky about the thing I love most in the world ? Let me know what you think .
Maurnas is the barely anonymous alias of a reclusive Floridian fangirl . She has an alleged humor blog at cursitivity.WordPress.com and can also be found at maurnas @ cursitivity on Twitter . She writes almost as much as she reads but has done nothing with her debatable talents thus far other than all the blogging and tweeting and writing .
Advertisements
TAIPEI — China has greatly increased the realism of its Army training , attempting to improve readiness and interoperability , and unearth operational weaknesses .
These trends demonstrate the People 's Liberation Army 's ( PLA ) rising self-confidence in dealing with a variety of scenarios beyond its traditional focus of a conflict with Taiwan , analysts said .
Since 2006 , the PLA has increased the number of trans-regional exercises , particularly units moving from one military region ( MR ) to another for training , said Roy Kamphausen , senior vice president for research at the National Bureau of Asian Research .
China has seven military regions , but is expected to reduce that number to five in the near future .
While rail still serves as the predominant means of moving troops , more trans-regional exercises suggests higher priority is being placed on road mobility , Kamphausen said .
The PLA has made three key improvements in land warfare exercises , said Li Xiaobing , author of the book `` A History of the Modern Chinese Army . ''
First , the PLA has moved the exercises out of their training fields like the one in the Beijing region and into actual battlegrounds , including some remote , frontier areas like those in Tibet and Xinjiang .
Second , the exercises have become more practical in terms of real war conditions , such as command , communication and long-distance logistics .
× Fear of missing out ? Fear no longer . Be the first to hear about breaking news , as it happens . You 'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community . Thanks for signing up . By giving us your email , you are opting in to our Newsletter : Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
`` They even traveled long distance to Russia for a joint land exercise , '' he said .
Third , the blue army or enemy force is now better prepared and stronger than the red army or PLA .
`` The red army has to fight harder and smarter rather than expecting a guaranteed victory , '' Li said . Li once served in the PLA and is now a professor at the University of Central Oklahoma .
To keep things interesting , units deploy in scenarios where China is already under attack and their movements to the training areas are monitored by enemy intelligence and reconnaissance and are subject to attack by long-range air precision strike , including chemical and biological , and interdiction by special operations forces , said Dennis Blasko , author of the book `` The Chinese Army Today . ''
Often , last minute changes are given to units just before they deploy or while they are en route , he said . After arriving at their destination , they engage a blue army that simulates advanced enemies more effectively than in the past . Exercises include use of laser designators and umpires .
The PLA 's exercise regime is now reaping the benefits of nearly two decades of investment in `` informationalization '' and `` mechanization , '' said Richard Fisher , a senior fellow on Asian military affairs with the International Assessment and Strategy Center .
`` Investments in new command/control/communication and information [ C3I ] combined with investments in a third generation of tracked and wheeled armor , plus Army aviation , have allowed for a fuller exploitation of the building of military region- level combined exercises , new tank and armor training centers , and the current trend of moving from MR to trans-MR exercises , '' Fisher said .
These C3I advances have already flattened command chains and allowed consolidation of MRs to enable more varied combination of units for real and virtual exercises , he said .
Blasko said there is more emphasis on the use of complex electromagnetic environments , including electronic warfare and cyberwarfare , than in the past , which has allowed them to discover shortcomings in the training of commanders in joint and combined arms operations .
Li said weaknesses of the recent land exercises remind people of the institutional problems of the PLA .
`` Politics still has a role in the exercises , including site selection , commander appointments and battle designs , '' he said . Problems include economic issues : `` Some units were asked to use old weapons before their retirement and ammunition before the expiration dates . ''
Exercises also focused on forming modular , combined arms battalions , where standard infantry armored battalions temporarily are reinforced by artillery , engineers , air defense and special operations forces , These exercises discovered that battalion headquarters has not assigned enough personnel to control these operations , so they are experimenting with how many officers and noncommissioned officers to assign to a battalion staff , Blasko said .
`` This problem is because under the old Soviet organizational system , regiment headquarters did all the planning and gave very specific orders to battalions ; now , under brigades , there is no intermediate regimental headquarters between brigade headquarters and the infantry and armored battalions , '' Blasko said .
`` They are also attempting to improve techniques to conduct what we call 'close air support , ' provided by Air Force planes or Army Aviation helicopters . ''
Another problem is the integration of new weapons and equipment , such as UAVs . Not all units receive advanced equipment at the same time and there is substantial variation in the type of equipment among units , which naturally means capabilities vary from unit to unit , Blasko said .
When new equipment is introduced , units have to adjust their operational methods and techniques to take advantage of the new capabilities , Blasko said .
Mental health issues often go undiagnosed in the Black community at a higher rate than other racial groups . We are subjected not only to mainstream society 's mental health stigmas , but our own community 's expectation of strength , which often keeps those in need from reaching out for help when they really need it . Add to this disproportionate stress from institutional and racial violence , and minimal access to health care , and the results can be devastating , leading some of our best leaders and role models to take their own lives .
Karyn Washington
Motivational speaker , founder of “ The # DarkSkinRedLipProject , ” and the creator of the blog “ ForBrownGirls , ” Karyn Washington committed suicide on April 8 . It was reported that she had been struggling with depression since the death of her mother a year earlier .
Though she was only 22 at the time of her death , Washington had already made major contributions to the African-American community by promoting self-love and challenging Eurocentric beauty standards .
On Benghazi , it seems , what you see depends on where you sit .
The controversy over the government 's handling of the September 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi , Libya , yielded two starkly divergent interpretations from Democrats and Republicans on Sunday .
Democrats charged Republicans with making hay out of tragedy to tar President Obama 's administration with an unfair taint of scandal and put a chink in the armor of potential 2016 juggernaut Hillary Clinton .
Republicans , for their part , fired right back , accusing Democrats and the State Department of orchestrating a `` cover up '' to protect the president and former Secretary of State Clinton from political fallout .
Attkisson discusses `` allegations of a coverup '' on Benghazi
`` The witch hunt continues '' on Benghazi , Durbin says
Gates defends Obama administration on Benghazi
Denouncing the removal of any reference to `` terrorism '' or `` al-Qaeda '' from the administration talking points used to brief the public after the attack , Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , said on ABC 's `` This Week '' , `` I would call it a coverup in the extent that there was a willful removal of information . ''
McCain argued that administration officials , at the time , were trying to put a rosy spin on the attack because they were `` in the midst of a presidential campaign . ''
But now that the revisions made to the talking points have been publicized , McCain said , the administration is deceitfully attempting to erase its fingerprints .
`` For the president 's spokesman to say , well there were only words , or technical changes made in those emails , is a flat-out untruth , '' McCain said , calling for a joint select congressional committee to ferret out the real story .
And although `` we do n't know for sure '' whether Hillary Clinton was personally involved in revising the talking points , McCain added , `` she had to have been in the loop in some way . ''
`` Clearly , politics was at play here , '' Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , added on CNN 's `` State of the Union . ''
`` I believe that because we were in the midst of the final weeks of a very contentious presidential re-election campaign , that one of the themes of this administration was that Libya was a success , that the military invention had produced a stable pro-United States country that was moving toward Democracy and that al Qaeda was on the run , '' she explained . `` And what happened in Benghazi proved that neither of those narratives was accurate . ''
On CBS ' `` Face the Nation , '' Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-N.H. , expressed surprise that the internal State Department review `` did not probe Secretary Clinton in detail because obviously she was the decision maker at the State Department . ''
Asked directly whether she thought Clinton or her advisers were involved in a coverup , Ayotte would only say that `` serious questions '' have been raised `` about individuals within her chain of command with respect to the talking points and what happened afterward . ''
Rep. Darrell Issa , R-Calif. , similarly wondered on NBC 's `` Meet the Press '' how the talking points could change `` 12 times from what seems to be relatively right to what seems to be completely wrong . '' He accused White House press secretary Jay Carney of saying `` a lot of things that are n't believable '' in attempting to answer that question .
Sen. Jack Reed , D-R.I. , said on ABC that the talking points ' revision was more a turf-battle than a cover up : `` What was going on was not so much the politics of electioneering , but the institutional sort of positioning . ''
And when the president labeled the attacks an `` act of terror '' the day after the incident , Reed added , `` the notion that we 're somehow trying to disguise this and make it something else , I think , falls away very quickly . ''
Pickering : Was n't necessary to interview Clinton on Benghazi
While conceding that the talking points `` were wrong '' and that security at the diplomatic facility was `` inadequate , '' Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif , said on NBC that nobody should assume `` there was malevolence on the part of the president , on the part of the secretary of state or anyone else . ''
`` When Hillary Clinton 's name is mentioned 32 times in a hearing '' on Benghazi , Feinstein argued , critics may only be trying to `` discredit the secretary of state who has very high popularity and may well be a candidate for president . ''
`` So I understand Republicans had a grievance because this happened a month before the election , '' she said . `` And every effort has been made to turn it into something that 's diabolical . I do n't see that . ''
Echoing Feinstein , Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Ill. , the second-ranking Democrat in the Senate , said on CBS that Benghazi `` was a tragedy ... but , unfortunately , this has been caught up in the 2016 presidential campaign , this effort to go after Hillary Clinton . The reason she was n't interviewed [ by the internal review board ] was she did n't have any direct line responsibility for the decisions that were made . ''
Republicans `` want to bring her in because they think it 's a good political show , '' Durbin said , `` and I think that 's unfortunate . ''
Ross Pearson returns to the UFC Octagon to face Francisco Trinaldo at UFC Fight Night 81 .
BREAKING ! @ RossTheRealDeal will face Francisco Trinaldo in a lightweight battle on Jan 17 ! https : //t.co/ytRyv1Mftv pic.twitter.com/b9RTj5JU42 — UFC Europe ( @ UFCEurope ) October 29 , 2015
That event , which is headlined by a bantamweight title scrap between TJ Dillashaw and Dominick Cruz , takes place Jan. 17 at Boston 's TD Garden Arena .
Pearson ( 18-9 , 1 no-contest ) enters the bout fresh off a razor-thin split-decision victory over Paul Felder at UFC 191 . In his two fights prior to that , Pearson lost a unanimous decision to Evan Dunham and knocked out Sam Stout .
Meanwhile , Trinaldo ( 18-4 ) has pieced together one of the most sneakily impressive runs at lightweight over the last year-plus . Since September 2014 , Trinaldo has gone 4-0 , most recently knocking out The Ultimate Fighter Nations : Canada vs. Australia winner Chad Laprise in Round 1 at UFC Fight Night 74 . With a win over Pearson , Trinaldo will run his streak to five straight , a string of success that will likely force UFC brass to give him top-15 consideration in the division .
For its part , the Declaration of Independence clearly recognizes the right to form a new government when “ it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another . ”
The Constitution , on the other hand , may say otherwise . Most constitutional scholars interpret the 14th Amendment , ratified in 1868 in the wake of the Civil War , as prohibiting secession . The language of the amendment is not explicit in terms of secession , though . The relevant text of the amendment simply says :
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
Most constitutional scholars interpret this citizenship clause as asserting that each citizen 's allegiance is first and foremost to the federal government , and a state may not interfere with that allegiance by seceding . This interpretation may be ripe for a challenge , though .
Two new nations
The emotional desire for stability in union is understandable , but it comes at a high price . What if there are irreconcilable differences ? Everyone wants a marriage to last until “ death do us part ” but wedding vows are no longer sacred in that way . Why should things be different with states ? As with amicable divorce , peaceful secession is possible and would not be unprecedented . In the Velvet Divorce of 1993 , for example , Czechoslovakia peacefully divided into the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic .
If only there were empty land claimed by no nation . Who would object to a bunch of malcontents from Vermont moving there and starting their own republic ? But the world is no longer such a place . There are no new lands to be discovered , no places to plant new flags and try new ideas . That is why Vermont should look to its neighbor , New Hampshire .
OnePlus will unveil its next flagship in just a few days , and the company already revealed many details about the handset , including the fact that the OnePlus 5 will largely be an iPhone 7 Plus clone . If OnePlus 's teasers were n't enough for you , and you want to see more images of the handset , then you 're in luck . Fresh images show the phone from every angle , confirming that it 'll sport a 2016 smartphone design , but also that it 'll retain the 3.5mm headphone jack .
Pictures posted on Case Fanatic reveal the phone will have a physical home button on the front . OnePlus will not go for an all-screen design for its handsets this year , which is something we already suspected because OnePlus confirmed the fingerprint sensor will be placed on the front .
Image Source : Case Fanatic
The same set of images also shows there 's a 3.5mm headphone jack on the bottom , which should be reassuring news for some buyers .
Image Source : Case Fanatic
A render showing the entire phone was obtained by TecnoBlog , and it tells the same story .
Image Source : Case Fanatic
The tech blog says it 's able to exclusively confirm the specs of the phone too . The handset should feature a 5.5-inch display with 1920 x 1080 ( Full HD ) resolution and DCI-P3 color gamut , Snapdragon 835 processor , 6GB or 8GB of RAM , 64GB or 128GB of UFS 2.1 storage , a dual-lens camera with 20-megapixel and 16-megapixel sensors , Bluetooth 5.0 support , LTE Cat . 12 , a fingerprint sensor with a ceramic coating , and a 3,300 mAh battery that will support Dash Charge .
Image Source : TecnoBlog
Moreover , the blog says the final price of the OnePlus 5 should be of $ 479 for the base model , which is somewhat lower than we expected .
The OnePlus 5 will be unveiled on June 20th .
NEW YORK—Following a South African judge 's decision to grant bail to Paralympian sprinter and murder suspect Oscar Pistorius Friday , the much-followed trial reportedly took yet another dramatic , unforeseen turn after a fluctuation in the space-time continuum upended the fundamental planes of reality and resulted in the famed runner shooting and killing musician John Lennon .
According to sources , the unexpected tear in the fabric of space and time transported Pistorius from his Pretoria home to New York City on the evening of December 8 , 1980 , whereupon the track star approached the Beatles singer and fatally shot him outside the Dakota apartment building in Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
Advertisement
“ At approximately 10:50 p.m. , John Lennon was shot and killed by a South African assailant with prosthetic legs , ” said NYPD Chief of Detectives Joshua Sullivan in 1980 , confirming similar reports made by NYPD officials this morning , in 2013 . “ We can also confirm at this time that the suspect , who is in his late 20s , is being tried by authorities in Pretoria for a separate , unrelated crime committed 33 years in the future . ”
“ As the suspect has not yet been born , formal charges will not be brought against him until such time as he is , or until such time as South African authorities can re-transport the suspect through the rift in space-time for sentencing , or until such time as the suspect can be stopped in the future before he travels back in time to commit this murder , ” continued Sullivan in a statement that instantly appeared in archived historical records of the period . “ Fortunately , a fan of Mr. Lennon 's , Mark David Chapman , was able to provide a detailed description of the assailant to police , so he should not be hard to locate . ”
Lennon 's tragic death has reportedly shocked the world of 1980 , with words of condolence having issued from friends and family of the beloved Beatles drummer , as well as from President George McGovern and bandmates George Harrison , Stuart Sutcliffe , and Michael Nesmith .
Advertisement
At press time in November of 1986 , South African officials reported they have apprehended a newborn Oscar Pistorius for the murder of John Lennon , thereby preventing the deaths of both Reeva Steenkamp and John Lennon at the hands of a 26-year-old Oscar Pistorius , and thereby making Pistorius a free man .
In April 2016 , Monica Eng of WBEZ , Chicago 's NPR station , published a critical story revealing that the agrichemical giant Monsanto had quietly paid a professor at the University of Illinois to travel , write , and speak about genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) , and even to lobby federal officials to halt further GMO regulation . In a grueling , year-long reporting project , Eng uncovered documents proving that Monsanto made the payments to University of Illinois professor Bruce Chassy , and that he advised Monsanto to deposit money in the university 's foundation , where records are shielded from public disclosure .
“ I knew that this would be a big story , ” Eng says .
What she did n't expect was the massive blowback : The university accused her of being an activist , not a journalist , and she was hounded by Twitter trolls who jumped on her story and waged a campaign to discredit her personally .
“ I 've worked as a professional journalist in Chicago for more than three decades , ” Eng says . “ I 've uncovered questionable activity in government groups , nonprofits , and private companies . But I do n't think I have ever seen a group so intent on trying to personally attack the journalist covering the issue . ”
Eng 's experience is just one example of a strategy first invented by Big Tobacco to smear critics , spin reporters , and tamp down information that could damage the industry 's image .
“ I do n't think I have ever seen a group so intent on trying to personally attack the journalist covering the issue. ” —Monica Eng
In recent months , media outlets have reported on a disturbing trend of corporate-sponsored journalism . The British Medical Journal exposed a multiyear campaign by Coca-Cola to influence reporters covering obesity by secretly funding journalism conferences at the University of Colorado . The watchdog group Health News Review reported that two journalism professors at the University of Kansas asked more than 1,100 health-care reporters about their views on opioids in a survey that was funded , in part , by the Center for Practical Bioethics , a group the U.S. Senate Finance Committee investigated for its ties to opioid manufacturers .
The biotech industry is particularly focused on taming controversies surrounding GMOs and the chemicals that are used on genetically modified crops , including Monsanto 's weedkiller glyphosate . The world 's most widely used herbicide , glyphosate is critical for the successful cultivation of GMO corn and soybeans . A recent study found that the chemical 's use by farmers has jumped fifteen-fold since 1996 . The World Health Organization 's International Agency for Research on Cancer has identified glyphosate as “ probably carcinogenic to humans . ”
In January , a judge overruled Monsanto 's objections , and the state of California will add a label with a cancer warning to the popular glyphosate-based weed killer RoundUp . The Inspector General for the Environmental Protection Agency just announced he is investigating whether a former high-ranking EPA official colluded with Monsanto . In addition to filing lawsuits and hiring lobbyists , the chemical industry is deploying industry-allied scientists and using pro-GMO websites to discredit journalists covering glyphosate and GMOs .
New York Times investigative reporter Danny Hakim has dealt with online abuse in recent months for writing articles critical of the agrichemical industry . Google Hakim 's name and you find little mention of seventeen years at the Times , during which time he won a Pulitzer Prize . Instead , you 'll find articles criticizing his reporting at sites like the American Council on Science and Health ( “ Glyphosate : NYT 's Danny Hakim Is Lying to You ” ) and the Genetic Literacy Project ( “ Why Danny Hakim 's New York Times GMO exposé misleads ” ) .
“ The industry 's PR campaign to reframe the GMO debate and intimidate journalists through harassment and name-calling has been remarkably successful in my view , ” says food author and journalism professor Michael Pollan . “ I think this is partly a function of the political and public relations naiveté of many of my fellow science writers . ”
One tactic industry allies employ to discredit questions about GMOs is to narrow the discussion to food safety . Pro-GMO scientists and writers mock experts and critics , by portraying them as loonies who think eating a bag of corn chips is akin to ingesting a bottle of arsenic . But this is a misleading line of attack , since GMO concerns are wide-ranging , including how well they are tested for safety , their impact on agriculture and the ecosystem , and the toxicity of glyphosate .
“ The industry 's PR campaign to reframe the GMO debate and intimidate journalists through harassment and name-calling has been remarkably successful in my view ... ” —Michael Pollan .
Most of all , there is legitimate debate about whether industry should be engineering a crop that requires the heavy use of pesticides . Industry and its allies attempt to discredit such questions by comparing GMO critics to climate denialists and vaccine safety denialists .
Hints of the biotech industry 's media tactics have leaked from court cases filed against Monsanto alleging glyphosate causes cancer . Several filings reference internal Monsanto documents that describe the company 's social media strategy called “ Let Nothing Go ” —a program in which individuals who appear to have no connection to the industry rapidly respond to negative social media posts regarding Monsanto , GMOs , and agrichemicals .
Lawyers in one case told a judge that documents show Monsanto funnels money to the Genetic Literacy Project and the American Council on Science and Health in order to “ shame scientists and highlight information helpful to Monsanto and other chemical producers . ”
Industry has also secretly funded a series of conferences to train scientists and journalists to frame the debate over GMOs and the toxicity of glyphosate . The most widely attended of these events happened in 2014 at the University of Florida and in 2015 at University of California-Davis . In emails , organizers referred to these conferences as biotech literacy bootcamps , and journalists are described as “ partners. ” Organizers included the chairman of the horticultural sciences department at the University of Florida , Kevin Folta , the Genetic Literacy Project 's Jon Entine , University of Illinois 's Bruce Chassy , and consultant Cami Ryan .
While claiming to be “ independent ” of industry influence , Folta was exposed in The New York Times for taking money from Monsanto to promote GMOs . Shortly before the Times article reported on his connection to Monsanto , Folta 's university declared its intention to donate these undisclosed payments to charity .
Entine was affiliated with a now-defunct group called STATS , which promoted positive messages about chemicals and provided communications support for tobacco companies . Last year , Entine wrote an article attacking professors at Columbia Journalism School for their investigations of ExxonMobil 's involvement in climate change denial . Years ago , an article in The New Yorker reported on Entine 's apparent involvement in the industry 's coordinated condemnation of a professor at University of California-Berkeley , whose research is critical of pesticides .
Besides receiving money to help Monsanto , Chassy runs Academics Review , a site suggested to him by an executive at Monsanto who emailed , “ The key will be keeping Monsanto in the background so as not to harm the credibility of the information . ”
After helping plan the first conference , Cami Ryan later took a job with Monsanto .
“ These are distressing materials , ” says Naomi Oreskes , professor of the history of science at Harvard University , after reviewing documents and emails about the conferences . Oreskes says the involvement of the American Council on Science and Health is especially problematic , given its long history of undermining the science on chemical safety and pesticides . She added : “ It is clearly intended to persuade people that GMO crops are beneficial , needed , and not sufficiently risky to justify labeling . ”
After early discussions in 2013 , Entine later emailed Folta , Chassy , and Ryan noting that the conferences needed to include people “ strategically located ” in key states where political battles over GMO foods were occurring . Entine added that once the program is figured out , “ I 'll take on proposing the handful of journalists and media experts that we would hope to bring on board . ”
When a journalist asked who was behind the 2015 conference at UC-Davis , Entine wrote that the biotech literacy events had university sponsorship , as well as support from the U.S. Department of Agriculture , the State Department , and Academics Review , which gets some industry support . In an email to several scientists , Chassy also claimed that universities and U.S. federal agencies were funding the literacy bootcamp conferences , and said the honoraria for presenters would be $ 2,500 . Chassy added , “ Journalists are n't inexpensive . ”
But both the University of Florida and UC-Davis denied financially supporting these conferences . A spokesperson from the State Department said the agency merely sent a speaker to the 2014 conference at the University of Florida . After weeks of repeated requests , a spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Agriculture was unable to find evidence of the federal agency 's financial support for the conferences .
So where did the cash come from ? It 's a twisted money trail .
An agreement signed by Entine states that the literacy bootcamp at UC-Davis anticipated having many expenses paid by the Biotechnology Industry Organization ( BIO ) . When contacted , BIO confirmed that it gave Academics Review $ 175,000 for the 2014 conference at the University of Florida and $ 165,000 for the 2015 conference at UC-Davis . But BIO added that the money was cycled through a nonprofit it operates called the Council on Biotechnology Information ( CBI ) . In fact , the tax forms for CBI state that it gave a total of $ 300,000 to Academics Review in both 2014 and 2015 . And tax forms for Academics Review , which Chassy runs with his wife , note that the group spent more than $ 160,000 on the UC-Davis conference in 2015 .
In short , the only traceable money source is the biotech industry . So , what did industry money buy ?
A flyer for the 2015 event at UC-Davis lists more than a dozen faculty , including Jay Byrne , a former public relations officer at Monsanto who now runs a PR firm that promotes GMOs . Also listed as faculty is Nina Fedoroff , a professor at Penn State , who also serves as a science adviser , and resident media critic , for a law firm that represents the biotech industry .
Among the attendees at the UC-Davis conference listed as “ journalists ” were Hank Campbell of the website Science 2.0 , which regularly posts pro-GMO propaganda . Campbell is now president of the American Council on Science and Health , which attacks reporters for exposing scientists ' hidden ties to industry and the potential dangers of pesticides .
After reviewing conference documents , Marion Nestle , professor of nutrition , food studies , and public health at New York University , said , “ If journalists attend conferences that they are paid to attend , they need to be deeply suspicious from the get-go. ” She added that the conference organizers were likely trying to convince journalists that anyone questioning the safety of GMOs “ is anti-science and in the same category as climate change deniers . ”
Gary Schwitzer , who is the publisher of HealthNewsReview and an adjunct associate professor at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health , is also concerned .
“ Far too many journalists are sliding down the slippery slope of attending conferences that are sponsored by entities with financial interests , ” he said . “ This practice changes journalism [ into ] another form of pay-for-play . ”
When asked about the funding for the bootcamps and the financial support from industry to his organization , Entine responded , “ Sorry , I 've never heard of you . I do n't respond to activists with no history of credible reporting . ”
Folta said he understands the conferences were funded by BIO and he organized the events outside of work hours . “ All of my funding , as always , is and has been fully disclosed in accordance with university policy , ” he added .
In a statement to The Progressive , Monsanto wrote that the company collaborates with multiple organizations and provides financial support in a transparent manner to many industry organizations including CBI , of which the American Council on Science and Health is a supporting partner . Monsanto added that it does not provide funding to the Genetic Literacy Project , but ignored repeated questions about their financial support for the American Council on Science and Health .
Chassy did not respond to queries about funding for Academics Review and the biotech conferences . But he did join Entine and Folta in sending a letter to The Progressive accusing the author of unspecified “ bias and harassment tactics ” and “ multiple false and potentially libelous insinuations and claims . ”
“ Many reporters are simply too intimidated and afraid to report on the health and environmental effects of the agrichemical industry and its products . ”
Gary Ruskin is codirector of U.S . Right to Know , a nonprofit that works on transparency in the food industry and receives some funding from the Organic Consumers Association . His group first got public records of industry-supported conferences. “ Many reporters are simply too intimidated and afraid to report on the health and environmental effects of the agrichemical industry and its products , ” he says .
Industry tars public health advocates and reporters as anti-science for raising issues the public needs to understand . That should worry us all .
-- -- -- -- -- -
Correction :
An earlier online version of this story , and the version in our print edition , incorrectly stated that the University of Florida 's decision to return money to Monsanto was made after the appearance of a New York Times article . The decision to do so had already been made . The original also said the Times “ outed ” professor Kevin Folta 's connection to Monsanto , when in fact this had already been reported on elsewhere .
Matt Miazga ( right ) has been a rock in the New York Red Bulls defence
Chelsea is on the verge of completing the signing of New York Red Bulls defender Matt Miazga , according to Sky sources .
The 20-year-old centre-back is highly rated in Major League Soccer and Sky Sports News HQ understands he is having a medical ahead of a £3.5m move to Stamford Bridge .
Any transfer should be made easier with Miazga not requiring a work permit because he owns a Polish passport .
He has grabbed the headlines in the United States having already played under Jurgen Klinsmann for the national team and during the last MLS season scored against cross-city rivals New York City FC .
Miazga is regarded as one of the most promising young talents in American football having made his mark on the international stage at last summer 's U20 World Cup .
He has also represented the United States at the U18 and U23 levels .
It seems Chelsea have beaten off competition in the Premier League with Leicester and Stoke being reported in the United States at the end of last year to have been interested in the 6ft 4in defender .
The news may be of concern to defender Gary Cahill , who has struggled to cement his first-team spot under new manager Guus Hiddink .
Several newspapers have reported Cahill is keen on a Stamford Bridge exit to boost his chances of playing at Euro 2016 . The 30-year-old England centre-back last played in the Premier League on Boxing Day .
Having first played Stronghold at Rezzed several months ago I was pleased , like most Guild Wars 2 players , to play the game mode again during this week 's 24 hour Public Beta . While Conquest is unquestionably fun and its served players well for several years , I think it 's fair to say that a large portion of Guild Wars 2 's PvP playerbase have been seeking something new for some time . Having now played Stronghold for a second time for a period of several hours ( coupled with a developer play session ) Stronghold is unquestionably one of the best things ArenaNet have ever made .
Supply Lessons
As a game mode , I love Conquest . It is n't perfect ( which are ? ) but you only have to look at the incredible World Tournament Series final in Boston to realise that it provides a wealth of tactics and team play , whilst often resulting in nail bitingly close matches . It shows a part of what Guild Wars 2 's Player versus Player matches can offer , but also corners itself into a certain set of builds and playstyles . By making players stay on small capture points in order to secure them , with few side objectives to yield additional points , it was inevitable that builds which have long periods of sustain and survivability would rise to the top of the Meta . This is in no way a bad thing , but for those players who choose to play professions or builds that stray from said Meta , success can be limited .
When Stronghold is officially released , it will permanently change the landscape of Guild Wars 2 's PvP . Its design , pace and structure is such a departure from what already exists in Conquest that the rule book might as well be ripped up . It 's a game mode that feels incredibly familiar if you 've ever played a MOBA , but it also deviates enough to the point where it feels totally unique . Both Stronghold and MOBA 's share the use of lanes , a Guardian or Lord and some form of obstacle that the opposing team has to battle through in order to reach a final chamber . In Guild Wars 2 's case , that 's gates , whereas SMITE or DOTA 2 have towers . It 's at this point however that similarities between the games end and ArenaNet 's approach to the genre-hybrid takes on a life of its own .
By increasing the map size and implementing a variety of objectives that are critical to success , ArenaNet have been clever in ensuring that any team is ( rightly ) stretched thinly across the map . Unlike in Conquest where a team could comfortably ping-pong between control points due to the map size , it 's simply not possible to traverse Stronghold 's quickly . You can not be everywhere at once and as a result , every team has to know their role and they have to be good at it . There 's no use attempting to be in all places at once because your team will leave themselves exposed in one or more areas .
From the many hours I 've now played of Stronghold and having had some disastrous matches , it 's relatively apparent that Supply and running Supply is the key to success . If your team chooses to ignore it or makes little use of it , not only are you going to lack the offensive push you need from the Door Breakers and Archers , but you 're going to provide free reign to the opposing team who 'll quickly overwhelm you with Skritt and Tengu . Even if you only have one person running Supply , it makes an immeasurable difference to your teams likely success .
For the first match I played with ArenaNet , I was paired with John Corpening and Colin Johanson . Colin was using a turret based build and for the most part , was continually running Supply . He 'd drop his Supply Crate and turrets right in the center of the map and run back and forth as much as he possibly could . Although he came under fire several times , uprooting him proved difficult for the opposition and it allowed our team to spawn wave after wave of NPC 's . This not only pressured the Red team early but it allowed us to have a minimum of two people on offence and defence . If needed and because I was using a Meditation Guardian , I could hold out long enough on defence to allow John to roam and support the front line . Because the Red team were under so much pressure , it quickly forced them to retreat back to their final gate and in some respects , allowed us to snowball them . Matters only got worse for the Red team when we summoned Heroes by capturing both Mist Essences .
On the subject of Heroes and Mist Essence , I absolutely adore this mechanic and for a variety of reasons . Unlike in Conquest where side objectives , such as the Beasts in Forest of Niflhel , are largely negligible , there 's nothing in Stronghold that should be ignored . Mist Essence appears on both lanes and takes around 30 seconds to become active . Ignoring it will inevitably result in the opposing team capturing one or both , while fighting for it could result in your team being flipped over and in the process , you 'll lose the buff 's and give the opposition a healthy dose of points . It 's yet another component to juggle as you and your team attempt to manage NPC spawns and the protection of them , defence of your gate and the running of supply . On top of all that you 've still got to be competent at fighting real players , not just AI . The Hero who spawns once you gather Mist Essence is unquestionably worth fighting for even if you are losing , as he provides a huge buff to your team and your NPC 's . Heroic Presence reduces incoming damage by 50 % and condition duration by 50 % for nearby allies : it 's a buff that can easily turn the tide in your favour .
You might at this point be thinking that Stronghold sounds overwhelming and in some respects it is . As mentioned earlier , if you 've never played a MOBA before this is going to be a strange and exciting game mode to play . There are lots of plates that you and your team need to keep spinning which requires a great deal of skill , communication and coordination from all . You can not zerg your way to victory in Stronghold and unlike in Conquest , you can not rely on one mechanic to drag your team kicking and screaming to victory ( here 's looking at the Trebuchet in Khylo or the Hammer in Skyhammer ) . Is this going to potentially put new PvP players off ? Possibly . Although there 's a tutorial window that pops up , a pop up video-tutorial would certainly go a long way in aiding Stronghold virgins .
Meta Shift
Part of what makes me so excited to see Stronghold arrive is the fact that it 's relatively clear existing Meta builds will need to change . Although I 'll talk about Terminator Tirzah shortly , it 's immediately evident that builds such as Meditation Guardian and Shoutbow Warrior are much less effective in this environment . They 're still incredibly strong , but their limitations in an AI lead game mode become quickly apparent . I 'm not suggesting that everyone should immediately switch to profession or build , but it 's clear that there 's a need to deal damage incredibly quickly against the oncoming tide of Heroes , Archers and Door Breakers : lacking burst simply wo n't do . Where builds such as Meditation Guardian and Shoutbow once prospered in close quarter , heavy group encounters , these professions do n't have the luxury of this happening regularly in Stronghold due to the map size . Of all the Stronghold fights I 've seen and taken part in , it 's only in the final Lord room where there 's any real value in such builds . Outside of that , they fall short for a variety of reasons but predominantly on the basis that their damage is too low to quickly dispose of NPC 's and their crowd control such as “ Fear Me ! ” or Ring Of Warding fails to eat through the Hero Defiance bar . Constantly having to have your teammates come back to help you kill enemies , as I found out with ArenaNet , stretches your team to breaking point .
In contrast , builds such as Condition Necromancer with Spectral Wall or Longbow Ranger using Muddy Terrain and Entangle absolutely excel . Placing a Spectral Wall down and watching a train of NPC 's repeatedly turn away in Fear slows the enemy progress enormously . Combine that with Chill , Cripple , Reaper 's Mark and Tainted Shackles and you 've an amazing defensive profession . Where the Ranger is concerned , it acts similarly to the Necromancer in the sense that it can stall NPC 's incredibly well with it 's use of Entangle , Muddy Terrain and Terrifying Howl but it 's also able to burn down Archers and Door Breakers in seconds .
Other notable professions and builds that I think will have a resurgence in Stronghold are :
1 . Shatter Mesmer due in part to its spike damage against Heroes and gate guards . Coupled with the fact the map is large enough to grant much needed breathing space away from prowling Thieves , the profession can now spend time actively roaming without fear .
2 . Celestial or Berzerker Staff Elementalist due to their incredible support and AOE damage .
3 . Altruistic Healing Guardian due to its sheer healing potential for NPC support .
4 . Power Necromancer due to its eye watering damage against the enemy NPC 's , both direct and AOE .
All of these builds rarely have any part in the current Meta and yet I can already see their particular strengths in this game mode . Will people take time to acknowledge they have a place ? I suspect so , but it wo n't take long .
Terminator Tirzah Bauer
On the back of discussing builds in Stronghold , I have to praise Tirzah Bauer for not only showcasing what 's possible in Stronghold by a single individual ( her lane carries are amazing with her Guardian ) but for also demonstrating how the Meta has to shift in Stronghold . Her Consecration build , though not perfect ( I think she 'd be better using Mace and Shield for further healing and shielding ) demonstrates perfectly how a shift in approach is needed . Her build ensures that she can not be left unattended because if she is , your gate is going down . Worse still , because she has so much stability and healing from a variety of skills and traits , she can comfortably capture Mist Essence and protect Door Breakers with Sanctuary . Who would have ever thought a Guardian using Tome Of Courage would ever see the light of day in PvP ? Even though I spent most of my time trying to kill her , she effectively removed me from the game because it was inevitably going to be me or one of my other team who would have to deal with her . Her tactic and play was relentless , frustrating , incredibly annoying and brilliant . I can not wait to see what other builds players dream up , because hers is frighteningly effective in this environment .
Gamplay Video
Below is a video of the developer play test I took part in . It includes the following Guild Wars 2 developers , as well as a handful of other European press .
1 . Colin Johanson – Game Director ( Turret Engineer )
2 . John Corpening – Associate Game Director ( Power Necromancer )
3 . Tirzah Bauer – Environment Artist ( Terminator Guardian )
4 . Byron Miller – Designer ( Condition Necromancer )
Final Thoughts
As you can probably tell from this article , I like Stronghold . Other PvP games have been occupying some of my time in recent weeks ( SMITE and Gigantic ) and I 'm pleased to say that Stronghold would unquestionably bring me back to Guild Wars 2 's PvP long term . The only obstacle I 'd need to overcome is actually finding a fixed team ( anyone out there on EU looking ? ) . At the moment it is n't a particularly pug friendly game mode , but I think with time it 'll become like SMITE where players state their role at the start of a match . Other than that and if you 're reading , ArenaNet , build templates and the ability to only play Stronghold would be a dream . Here 's hoping the next Public Beta is n't far away .
To read more about Guild Wars 2 : Heart Of Thorns and its Stronghold PvP game mode , head on over to the official website . You can also pick up a copy of Guild Wars 2 here .
Reporting is not for the faint of heart . Neither are beachside `` Ironman '' drinking competitions . Combine the two and things can really get messy .
This 4th of July , KTLA reporter Wendy Burch was vomited on during a live newscast from the Hermosa Beach Ironman competition . The video , needless to say , has since gone viral . And to clarify , the Hermosa Beach Ironman competition is not your typical Ironman . The 43-year-old event 's motto is “ Run , Paddle , Chug ! ” , and participants run a mile , paddle a mile and then , um , chug a six pack of beer .
`` This will be one Fourth of July I will always remember , '' Burch declared in a column about the incident for the Huffington Post . Here 's how it went down at around 9 a.m. , according to Burch 's post :
I grabbed a guy who appeared to be a spirited competitor , and from the evidence of his beer belly , had been clearly training for this event for years . My hope was that his broad ah , erh shoulders , could shield our morning viewers from the ups—and from what was n't staying down—in this competition . What I did n't notice until later , is that he had a bullseye drawn on his back with the words “ puke here ” written in magic marker . And would n't you know it ? Someone took him up on the offer right during the middle of my live report , much to the chagrin , of me , our anchors and anyone in Southern California who may have been eating breakfast at that very moment .
Watch the full video here :
After the `` liquid projectile '' hit the intrepid reporter , the anchors back at the station struggled to regain their composure and went onto the next story ( the freeze frame was due to a technical glitch ) , but Burch assumed she was still live . For the better part of the next two minutes , as she puts it , `` I just kept interviewing drunken people . while sudsy substances flew in in the air and landed in my hair . ''
Mad props to colleague @ goodnewswendy who may have to put in 4 hazard pay after wht happened on live TV🤢 # champ # HermosaBeach # IronMan # KTLA pic.twitter.com/g3A2E4Q1Om — Christina Pascucci ( @ ChristinaKTLA ) July 4 , 2017
Someone , give this woman a Pulitzer . God bless America .
The Trump administration switched sides Wednesday in a case pending before the Supreme Court that could retroactively nullify tens of thousands of agency decisions .
The case , Lucia v. SEC , has major implications for the process by which federal agencies try or punish those in violation of laws or regulations .
The litigation concerns an agency 's decision to allow career bureaucrats to preside as the functional equivalent of judges during enforcement proceedings . These officials , called administrative law judges ( ALJs ) , are hired by career bureaucrats . They are not appointed by the president , a court or an agency head , but they exercise significant authority on behalf of the U.S. government in official proceedings .
ALJs can , among other things , issue subpoenas , make decisions about the credibility of witnesses or the admissibility of evidence , and issues provisional rulings that are generally upheld on final review — if a final review occurs at all .
The Constitution requires that the president , the courts , or the head of an executive department appoint all “ inferior officers ” of the United States .
A group of investment managers challenged the Securities and Exchange Commission 's ( SEC ) use of ALJs in an enforcement proceeding convened against them for alleged violations of securities law . The managers argue these proceedings are unlawful , because the ALJs are exactly the sort of “ inferior officer ” who must be appointed by the president , the court , or the head of an agency , since they exercise meaningful discretion on behalf of the federal government .
A lower federal court , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit , found in favor of the SEC . A three-judge panel found for the SEC , and the full court affirmed that decision on a five to five vote . The investment managers then appealed to the Supreme Court .
The Obama Justice Department sided with the SEC in the dispute , but Trump 's new solicitor general , Noel Francisco , changed positions Wednesday , and backed the money managers .
“ Upon further consideration , and in light of the implications for the exercise of executive power under Article II , the government is now of the view that such ALJs are officers because they exercise ‘ significant authority pursuant to the laws of the United States , ' ” Francisco wrote in a new brief at the Supreme Court .
A Supreme Court ruling against the SEC could have important implications for similarly-situated officials in other agencies . ALJs often preside in actions brought by a whole host of federal agencies . A finding against the SEC would potentially jeopardize , and perhaps invalidate , the legal status of thousands of other agency proceedings .
The Justice Department generally represents federal agencies before the high court . Accordingly , the solicitor general asked the justices to appoint another lawyer to represent the SEC as the litigation continues .
The high court could decide to take the case as soon as January .
Follow Kevin on Twitter
Send tips to kevin @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
BALTIMORE — It 's 8 a.m. on Thursday morning and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson stands in the living room of a century-old home in northwest Baltimore .
A combination of federal and state funding covered the $ 19,000 cost to strip the house of lead-based paint to make it safe for the three young girls who live there , improvements Carson is highlighting on his tour of Baltimore housing .
“ I wish we had unlimited money so we could do this for all of these houses , ” Carson said , as the girls ' mother expressed gratitude for the federal assistance that made her home livable .
That 's where the tension lies for Carson , the former GOP presidential candidate whose ideas about the scope of government worry the left .
Carson believes government assistance should be short-term , limited and designed to prod recipients to achieve something greater . He 's called poverty a “ state of mind ” and argued that “ a comfortable setting ” might be an incentive for people to stay on welfare .
In a Thursday interview , Carson said that it 's in the interests of the government to “ develop the populace ” because “ everybody is either going to be part of the load or part of the engine . ”
“ The more people we can get to be part of the engine , the better off we are , ” Carson said . “ The faster and further we 'll go . ”
Carson 's views on government assistance were shaped by his dramatic rise from poverty as a child in Detroit . Carson 's mother had only a third-grade education and could n't read but pushed him to excel academically . He became one of the world 's foremost neurosurgeons , practicing at Baltimore 's Johns Hopkins Hospital for nearly four decades .
Now , as HUD secretary , Carson controls the $ 46 billion government agency that oversees housing for the poor . President Trump 's proposed 2018 budget would cut HUD spending by $ 6 billion .
“ We will use whatever resources we have very efficiently , ” Carson said .
“ The other thing to keep in mind is that the traditional view of HUD and government is we right in on a white horse with a bucket of money … and go off to the next thing , ” he continued . “ That particular model has led us to the point where we have three to four times as many people in need of affordable housing and it 's getting worse . ”
Carson , who had no experience in government before becoming HUD secretary , is grappling with decisions about which programs to keep , which to shutter , and how to improve the ones that remain .
Those questions sent Carson on a cross-country listening tour to mostly urban areas , including Detroit , Dallas , Miami , Columbus and back to Baltimore .
Carson is open about his inexperience running a bureaucracy . Between two stops in Baltimore , Carson peppered his hosts with questions about the work they had done , how it came about , what their experience was like dealing with the government and what the consequences would have been if the programs they used had not been not available .
Carson said that what he has heard back from those using HUD programs has only cemented in his mind what the role of government should be .
“ [ My ideas about government ] have been solidified , ” Carson said . “ My view of the role of government is to promote life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness for our citizens . The role of government is not to be involved with every aspect of everyone 's lives from cradle to grave . ... We need to enhance the ability of people to advance in our society . ”
At the same time , Carson acknowledged that it may not have been possible for the homeowners he visited to rid their houses of lead — a dangerous neurotoxin — without government assistance .
“ It 's going to be very tough because a house like this is going to be about $ 14,000 , ” Carson said , standing on the back porch of another Baltimore home . “ I do n't think the average family will be able to afford $ 14,000 , so it does require that we all get involved . ”
Carson means that the federal government should not be shouldering the entire load for community services . He wants to see churches , nonprofits , local businesses and other entities take on a greater role in promoting the health of a community .
Some housing advocates agree that this confluence of forces would be ideal . But they say in many cases the federal dollars are needed as a starting point to provide a floor for those in need and ultimately to attract further investment from those with a stake in the community .
“ The cities and places where we work , the low-income communities , are desperate for capital , ” said Ruth Ann Norton , the president and CEO of Green & Healthy Homes Initiative . Carson attended a community fair Thursday hosted by Norton 's group .
The White House 's proposed $ 6 billion in cuts to HUD 's budget alarmed affordable housing advocates . Half of those cuts would come from the Community Development Block Grant , a 42-year-old program that provides money for everything from rental assistance to Meals on Wheels for seniors and after-school educational programs that provide food to poor children .
“ If you took that away we 'd have cities around the country whose poor housing programs would crumble , ” Norton said .
Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney has defended the cuts , saying there is no demonstrable evidence the programs have improved the lives of those they are supposed to benefit .
Carson said he would look for ways to prioritize those programs that impact the most vulnerable , but did not say whether he supports the proposed cuts to the block-grant program .
“ I would support looking at our primary goals and prioritizing what needs to be done , ” he said . “ We have vulnerable portions of our population — the elderly , the disabled , children — we need to make sure that we take care of their housing needs and development needs . ”
Carson has bolstered HUD 's budget in at least one area . The agency 's lead-abatement program , driven by his past work as a pediatric neurosurgeon , has become a passion project .
“ I used to operate on a lot of kids from neighborhoods like this , and we put in a tremendous amount of effort to get them well just to send them into an environment that was harmful , ” Carson said . “ That used to trouble me quite a bit , and now we have the opportunity to do something about that . ”
But the notion that able-bodied people who do n't need government help are abusing federal programs , coupled with his desire to be a responsible steward of taxpayer funds , continues to drive his decisionmaking .
“ A lot of times [ people are ] just not comfortable with the idea that they 've been in a dependent situation for a long time and are n't quite ready to come out of the nest , ” Carson said . “ We need to work with those individuals to help them do the transition . ”
But Carson insists he 's being strategic in his approach and is frustrated by the characterization that HUD is being gutted under his watch .
“ You obviously have to recognize that the decisions you make not only impact all of those people , but all of those people have tentacles that go out and affect millions of other people , so obviously you have to be very cognizant of that , ” Carson said .
“ I 'm not a bureaucrat , ” he added . “ Bureaucrats tend to emphasize the rules . I 'm a pragmatist . Pragmatists tend to emphasize the goals and results . I 'd rather focus on those . ”
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201701/2141/1155968404_5276894439001_5276881633001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Key moments from the Sessions confirmation hearing
Jeff Sessions ' confirmation hearing for attorney general got off to a heated and dramatic start , with the senator making an unprompted move to address decades-old charges of racism as reams of protesters were escorted out of the historic Kennedy Caucus Room at the Capitol .
Here is POLITICO 's running list of key moments from Sessions ' hearing before the Judiciary Committee :
Story Continued Below
Sessions skeptical on consent decrees
Near the end of his confirmation hearing , Sessions cast skepticism on the merits of consent decrees – legal mechanisms used more than a dozen times by the Obama Justice Department to settle lawsuits prompted by allegations of unlawful use of force by local police .
Prompted by questioning from Sen. Mazie Hirono ( D-Hawaii ) , Sessions noted that current consent decrees remain enforced and that such agreements are n't “ necessarily a bad thing. ” But Sessions also warned that legal action from the Justice Department against local police departments are sometimes not justified , undermine respect for law enforcement and can sap morale .
As for current consent decrees , “ I just would n't commit that there definitely would n't be changes , ” he said .
“ It 's a difficult thing for a city to be sued by the Department of Justice and to be told your police department is systematically failing to serve the people of the state or city , ” Sessions said . “ So they feel forced to agree to a consent decree to remove that stigma . ”
Blumenthal raises the Ku Klux Klan
As Sen. Richard Blumenthal pressed Sessions about awards he received but did n't report on a committee questionnaire , the Connecticut Democrat asked a surprisingly provocative question : “ Are there any other awards from groups that have similar kinds of ideological negative views of immigrants or of African-Americans or Muslims or others including awards that you may have received from the Ku Klux Klan ? ”
“ Well , I would n't receive it from Henry Hays , I 'll tell you that . He no longer exists , ” Sessions shot back , referring to a Klansman who got the death penalty in a case Sessions helped pursue . “ No , I would n't accept an award from the Klan . ”
Sessions weighs in on marijuana
Two protesters dressed as Ku Klux Klan members bellowed : “ Jefferson Beauregard , here we are . We 're here for you. ” | M. Scott Mahaskey/POLITICO
Despite the presence of several pro-marijuana legalization protesters in the audience , that issue did not come up until mid-afternoon , when Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D-Vt. ) asked Sessions if he would use the federal system to prosecute people using pot or pot derivatives legal under state law .
“ I wo n't commit to never enforcing federal law but , absolutely , it 's a problem of resources for the federal government , ” Sessions said . He said some guidelines set by the Obama administration on when to bring such cases are “ truly valuable , but fundamentally the criticism I think was legitimate is [ that ] they may not have been followed . ''
Ultimately , Sessions would n't say how he 'd handle marijuana cases beyond saying he 'd use “ good judgment . ”
Leahy invokes ‘ Access Hollywood ' tape
During afternoon questioning , Leahy went there — raising the controversial “ Access Hollywood ” tape where Trump was captured bragging about sexually assaulting women . Sessions , Trump 's most enthusiastic supporter in the Senate , subsequently told the Weekly Standard during the political furor that he did not “ characterize that as sexual assault. ” The senator later said the publication took him out of context .
But Democrats were n't willing to let Sessions off the hook just yet .
“ Is grabbing a woman by her genitals without her consent sexual assault ? ” Leahy asked Sessions .
The nominee responded : “ Clearly , it would be . ”
Franken scores a hit
The most contentious questioning of Sessions came from Sen. Al Franken ( D-Minn. ) who essentially accused Sessions of lying about the number of the desegregation and civil rights cases he brought as the U.S. Attorney in Mobile and about the extent of his involvement in those cases . | Getty
At a generally genial hearing , the most contentious questioning of Sessions came from Sen. Al Franken ( D-Minn. ) who essentially accused Sessions of lying about the number of the desegregation and civil rights cases he brought as the U.S. attorney in Mobile and about the extent of his involvement in those cases .
“ It 's fair to expect sitting before us you 're not going to misrepresent your own record , ” Franken said he zeroed in on Sessions statement to National Review in 2009 that he “ filed 20 or 30 civil-rights cases to desegregate schools and political organizations and county commissions when I was a United States attorney . ”
Sessions conceded that statement appeared to be an exaggeration .
“ The records do n't show there were 20 or 30 actually-filed cases , ” the attorney general nominee said , suggesting that he may have misremembered because some cases “ involved multiple parties and multiple defendants ”
Pressed by Franken , Sessions did not provide a new tally , simply saying : “ The number would be less than that that we 've looked at. ” He said it 's “ extraordinarily difficult ” to get a clear number from court records .
Sessions on waterboarding : ‘ Absolutely improper and illegal '
As a senator , Sessions has defended waterboarding , arguing that the use of the tactic has been limited and effective . “ The first thing we know is it worked . I hate to say , it worked , ” Sessions said in a 2008 floor speech . But when questioned Tuesday whether waterboarding constitutes torture , Sessions was clear in how he would view the interrogation tactic as attorney general .
“ Congress has taken an action now that makes it absolutely improper and illegal to use waterboarding … or any other form of torture by our military and by our other departments and agencies , ” Sessions told the Judiciary Committee . Trump made it a campaign pledge to revive waterboarding , but has signaled since his election that he may reconsider his view .
Leahy , Sessions spar over VAWA
One of the most contentious moments between Sessions and a fellow senator came when Leahy aggressively questioned the nominee over his vote against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act in 2013 . That version , which was ultimately signed into law , broadened key protections to LGBT individuals , immigrants and women on tribal lands .
“ Let 's deal with the facts , ” a stern Leahy began . “ Why did you vote against expanding protections ? ”
Sessions argued that his chief concern against the 2013 VAWA were the tribal courts provisions , arguing that non-Native Americans who committed crime on tribal lands have not been effectively prosecuted . Just moments earlier , Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R-Utah ) had tried to give Sessions an out , noting that he 's voted for different versions of VAWA in the past and supported its overall goal of reducing domestic violence .
Clinton probe recusal
Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions said at his confirmation hearing Tuesday that if confirmed he plans to recuse himself from all issues related to any investigation into Hillary Clinton . He said his rhetoric on the issue during the campaign could lead people to doubt he 'd be fair in considering the matter . “ I do believe that that could place my objectivity in question… I believe the proper thing for me to do would be for me to recuse myself from any questions regarding those kinds of investigations , ” Sessions declared .
The attorney general also appeared to offer an implicit rebuke to President-elect Donald Trump , who declared during a debate that he would instruct his attorney general to appoint a special prosecutor who would put Clinton “ in jail ” over her handling of the email matter . Sessions said , in essence , that he would not accept such an instruction and would instead formally recuse himself .
“ I believe that would be the best approach for the country because we can never have a political dispute turn into a criminal dispute , ” Sessions said . “ This country does not punish its political enemies . What this country ensures is that no one is above the law . ”
While Trump pledged to recuse on the Clinton email issue , Sessions later declined to commit to similar treatment of inquiries that are reportedly ongoing into Trump advisers ' connections to Russia .
Sessions said he 'd decided to bow out of the Clinton issue because he spoke about it publicly during the campaign , but he did n't make statements about any allegations about the Trump camp 's ties to Russia . “ I do n't think I 've made any comment on this issue , ” he said in response to questions from Sen. Dick Durbin ( D-Ill. ) “ I would review it and try to do the right thing as to whether or not it would stay within the jurisdiction of the attorney general or not . ”
'Damnably false ' accusations of racism
Veering from his prepared remarks , Sessions directly addressed allegations of racism that have dogged him for three decades — defiantly declaring those accusations `` damnably false charges . ”
Those allegations — which sank his bid for the federal judiciary in 1986 — ran the gamut from making racially improper comments to not protecting voting accessibility for black voters in a high profile voter fraud case . He was also accused of being sympathetic to the Ku Klux Klan .
“ These are damnably false charges , ” Sessions told the Judiciary Committee on Tuesday . “ The voter fraud case my office prosecuted as in response to pleas from African-American , incumbent elected officials . ”
`` The caricature of me in 1986 was not correct , '' Sessions said , his voice rising . `` I do not harbor the kind of animosity and race-based discrimination ideas that I was accused of . I did not . ''
Protests mar the early going
Demonstrators , particularly those from the antiwar group Code Pink , flooded the confirmation hearing and immediately began loud interruptions — starting with two protesters dressed as Ku Klux Klan members , who bellowed : “ Jefferson Beauregard , here we are . We 're here for you . ”
And the demonstrations did n't let up from there . As Sessions began delivering his opening remarks , another protester started screaming : “ Sessions is a racist , he 's illegitimate ! ” Even before Sessions finished his comments , at least a half-dozen protesters had been escorted out by Capitol Police .
What about that Muslim ban ?
Sessions said he does not favor banning Muslim immigrants from the U.S. , as Trump initially proposed .
“ I believe the president-elect subsequent to that statement made clear he believes the focus should be on individuals coming from countries that have a history of terrorism , ” the Alabama senator said .
Sessions said that when he voted against a 2015 Senate resolution urging no religious test in the immigration process , he was concerned the measure suggested that one 's religious views could never be taken into account by the government , no matter how radical those views .
“ I 'm hoping that you 'll be different than your predecessors in response to oversight questions , ” Senate Judiciary Committee Chuck Grassley said . | M.Scott Mahaskey/POLITICO
“ I hope we can keep people out of the country who wants to kill everybody because of their religion , ” Sessions said , while making clear he does not believe most Muslims hold such views .
Grassley gets his digs in against DOJ
At a hearing preoccupied with politically-charged issues like the Ku Klux Klan , abortion and the use of criminal law as a political weapon , Senate Judiciary Committee Chuck Grassley showed where his passions lie : irritation over the Justice Department 's sluggish answers to his mail inquiries . He was at his most emphatic Tuesday when he pressed Sessions to be more responsive to queries from Congress .
“ I 'm hoping that you 'll be different than your predecessors in response to oversight questions , ” a clearly embittered Grassley said , holding in the air “ a whole bunch of letters ” that Justice officials never addressed . “ I hope you would go to great lengths to make sure that these are answered . ”
Grassley also expressed bitterness that his questions were often ignored when Republicans were in the minority and expected Sessions to treat the new ranking Democrat better .
“ I want her questions answered just like you 'd answer mine , ” the chairman said .
As the “ New Space Race ” Heats Up , Sweden Joins the Pack in Pursuit of Its Own Quantum Computer
The Swedes are going big , throwing 1 billion Swedish Kronor ( roughly $ 118 million or 100 million euro ) into a research initiative with the goal of developing a robust quantum computer . While this is a sizable investment , it pales in comparison to the $ 10 billion dollar investment China recently made in its National Laboratory for Quantum Information Sciences .
Sweden 's program is called the Wallenberg Centre for Quantum Technology . The Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation generously donated roughly 60 % of the funding . Private industry , Chalmers University , and other universities will supply the rest of the funds . ( I 'll be watching closely for the level of industry participation , since that seemed to be a challenge in Europe earlier this year . ) The centre launches in January , 2018 . They are recruiting around 40 researchers for the 10-year effort .
Never Tell Me the Odds
Program Director Per Delsing said the goal is to create “ a functioning quantum computer with at least a hundred qubits. ” Delsing is a Professor of Quantum Device Physics at Chalmers University of Technology . He further explained , “ Such a computer has far greater computing power than the best supercomputers of today and can be used , for example , to solve optimization problems , advanced machine learning , and heavy calculations of the properties of molecules. ” Like others ( e.g. , Google , IBM ) , the Wallenberg Centre will build its quantum computer using superconducting circuits .
Though their investment is modest , I 'm not counting the Swedes out in the race to build a robust quantum computer . Researchers at Chalmers have been studying superconducting qubits for two decades . They claim to be among the first in the world to create one . In this race , dollars matter . But mental horsepower matters , too . If the Swedes can recruit the best brains , they 'll be in the hunt . I 'll keep an eye out for new developments from this initiative and keep you posted .
YOU 'LL NEVER GUESS What Most Bernie Sanders Donors Have In Common…
Bernie Sanders has raised a lot of money during the 2016 Democratic primary . In fact , his supporters often brag about his fundraising as proof of his viability as a candidate , just like Obama supporters did back in 2008 .
With all that in mind , you 'll never guess what most of Bernie 's donors have in common .
The Los Angeles Times reports :
Who gives money to Bernie Sanders ? Small-dollar contributions have been the fuel that has propelled Sen. Bernie Sanders ' presidential bid , making it one of the most successful insurgent campaigns in Democratic party history , but little has been known about those donors because campaigns do n't have to publicize the names of people who give $ 200 or less . Now , a Times analysis of nearly 7 million individual contributions has provided unprecedented detail about the army of people behind the $ 27 donations Sanders mentions at virtually every campaign stop . Many resemble Emily Condit , 40 of Sylmar , who has contributed three times — $ 5 each — to the Vermont senator 's campaign . Condit , who has several physical disabilities , is among the largest single group of Sanders ' donors — those who do n't have a job . Of the $ 209 million given to the Vermont senator 's campaign , about one out of every four dollars came from those not in the workforce , who include the unemployed or retired .
Here 's a handy chart that puts things in perspective :
You might be thinking these results are skewed because Bernie Sanders gets lots of financial support from college students who have n't yet joined the workforce . Wrong…
Not surprisingly , Sanders gets very little money — 2 % of his overall haul — from Wall Street , which he frequently criticizes as “ corrupt ” and responsible for creating a “ rigged economy. ” Students , who are vocal Sanders ' supporters , gave even less .
Twitchy has compiled some reactions to this :
Interesting finding : Bernie Sanders ' largest group of donors is people who do n't have a job . https : //t.co/zHLvxz9sN1 — Matt Pearce ( @ mattdpearce ) June 3 , 2016
@ mattdpearce @ puppymnkey when you 're desperate , it 's easy to be duped . I do n't blame them . I blame Bernie . Scammer — ambitious dem whore ( @ sarahfdavis280 ) June 3 , 2016
Oh , this IS sad . https : //t.co/2WHqpzGJSM — High On Hillary ( @ highonhillary ) June 3 , 2016
And he 's having them put their money to good use , huh !
This is truly sad . https : //t.co/z6kztekAZm — Amy Siskind ( @ Amy_Siskind ) June 3 , 2016
So the ‘ free stuff ' candidate is being bankrolled mostly by people who are n't working .
Anyone surprised ?
WASHINGTON—According to a report released Monday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics , financial concerns are prompting a growing number of Americans to delay retirement until the very last seconds of their lives . “ Given economic conditions over the past decade , we have seen more and more middle-class citizens waiting until their final handful of breaths to step down from their careers , ” said Bureau spokesperson Dolores Snyder , who told reporters that older Americans are now enjoying retired life for half an hour on average , typically long enough to have a pleasant conversation with a loved one or get started on a crossword puzzle . “ Retirement 's different for everyone—some people may finish up working and then live off Social Security benefits for a few moments before passing on , while others might be able to lead active retired lives that last an entire afternoon . After a lifetime of working tirelessly to support themselves and their families , being able to enjoy several dozen seconds of retirement is a much-needed reward for most Americans. ” Snyder added that to live comfortably in retirement , an increasing number of retirees are opting to supplement their income during their final few moments on earth with part-time jobs .
Advertisement
This passport from the Duchy Saxe Coburg-Gotha is on of the very rare types within the German Empire and look at the passport picture which shows the bearer – a girl – with her dog ! That´s just awesome and a most unusual passport picture . At these days there were no rules about passport pictures and you could take any photograph as long it was fitting on a passport page . Passport pictures were introduced in Germany on 1 . January 1915 . In 1914 Saxe Coburg-Gotha had a population of only 257.000 citizens but how many had a passport ? Just a fraction .
Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ( German : Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha ) , or Saxe-Coburg-Gotha , was an Ernestine duchy ruled by a branch of the House of Wettin , consisting of territories in the present-day states of Bavaria and Thuringia in Germany . It lasted from 1826 to 1918 .
The name Saxe-Coburg-Gotha also refers to the family of the ruling House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , which played many varied roles in the dynastic and political history of Europe in the 19th and 20th centuries . In the early part of the 20th century , before the First World War , it was the family of the sovereigns of the United Kingdom , Belgium , Portugal , Bulgaria , and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha . In 1910 , the Portuguese king was deposed , and the same thing occurred in Saxe-Coburg-Gotha in 1918 and in Bulgaria in 1946 . As of 2016 , branches of the family still reign in Belgium , the United Kingdom , and the other Commonwealth realms . The former Tsar of Bulgaria , Simeon II ( reigned 1943–46 ) , kept his surname while serving as the Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 2001 to 2005 .
The one-off Lotec Mercedes-Benz C1000 is once again up for sale . The car previously hit the used car market in January 2014 and is now currently up for sale courtesy of Lamborghini Carolinas .
The Lotec Mercedes-Benz C1000 started off as a joint venture between Mercedes-Benz and German manufacturer Lotec . The design brief was simple , the customer wanted the fastest road-legal road car in the world ! $ 3.5 Million dollars later and the two manufacturers came up with the bespoke 1995 Lotec Mercedes-Benz C1000 .
As you would expect with a car of this value , the look is unique . The name takes account of the carbon fiber body work and the 1000 horsepower engine . The engine is a 5.6 litre Mercedes-Benz V8 unit , similar to the engine used in the Sauber C8 and C9 racing cars which is joined by a set of twin Garrett turbos and mated to a Hewland 6-speed transmission .
Performance has n't been officially verified , yet Lotec claimed figures of 0 to 100 km/h of 3.2 seconds at launch . The 0 to 200 km/h time is said to be 8.08 seconds with an alleged top speed of 431 km/h .
Despite the original cost of creating the car , it is being offered for just $ 1.2 million .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Parents have to pay an average of more than £45,000 extra to buy a home close to the best-performing secondary schools in London , according to new analysis .
The “ good school premium ” can run to hundreds of thousands of pounds in some parts of the capital with homes near the London Oratory School in West Brompton — where Tony Blair sent three of his children — commanding £330,000 more than the surrounding area , a study from London estate agents Stirling Ackroyd has found .
Across London as a whole it found that prices are on average eight per cent , or £45,294 , higher in good school catchment areas compared with the broader local property market .
The findings come after Theresa May admitted that Britain 's education system suffers from “ selection by house price ” as she defended her plans to lift the ban on new grammar schools .
Critics have said children from less well-off families will not benefit from the return of selective schools but supporters of the Prime Minister believe that even under the current system it is often only wealthier families who are able to afford homes near good state schools .
The concern is backed up by the figures from Stirling Ackroyd , which compared house prices in the postcodes of London 's top 25 state schools , as measured by GCSE results , with the broader surrounding area .
The biggest mark-up in percentage terms is for the eighth-ranked Queen Elizabeth 's School in Barnet , where local prices are 34 per cent above the average for the broader area .
The gap is bigger for selective schools — an average premium of £58,612 , or 11 per cent — than for the top 10 comprehensives , where the premium is an average of £27,557 , or four per cent more than the local area average .
However , there are some exceptions to the trend , such as Twyford Church of England High School in Acton , which had the 20th best GCSE results with 87 per cent of pupils getting at least five GCSEs graded A * to C .
Average prices locally of £744,202 are 43 per cent below the west London average , suggesting it is the “ best value ” good school catchment area in the city .
Andrew Bridges , managing director at Stirling Ackroyd , said : “ The fact that a top state school can push up local prices by a third of a million — almost double the £180,000 cost of sending a child to private school — demonstrates their pulling power and ripple effect on the local market . ”
The findings were backed by separate figures from agents Savills , which found that the average house price around the best performing non-selective state schools is £955,837 in inner London , equivalent to a 15 per cent premium of £124,674 above the average .
It found the premium is £45,323 — very close to the Stirling Ackroyd figure — in outer London .
North Korea has long had missiles that can reach targets across South Korea and Japan
ADVERTISING Read more
Beijing ( AFP )
China started emergency monitoring for radiation along its border with North Korea in response to the country 's largest nuclear test so far on Sunday .
The environment ministry announced on its social media account that it began `` emergency radiation monitoring '' along its northeastern border shortly before noon .
The emergency response was set at `` level 2 '' , the second-highest grade on a four-tier system .
It did not indicate whether any radiation had been detected .
The decision follows what North Korea has described as the successful detonation of a hydrogen bomb .
The resulting explosion was considerably larger than previous tests and was felt by residents in Chinese cities a hundred of kilometres from the North 's border .
© 2017 AFP
Chief Returning Officer Alex Flor did not respond to allegations that she chose not to hire Amanda Brown due to Brown 's connection to Trinity College . SHIIJE ZHOU/THE VARSITY
On Friday , February 28 , third-year English specialist and Trinity College student Amanda Brown says she was interviewed for a position as poll clerk for the UTSU elections . Brown had recently quit a two and a half year job at McDonald 's and was looking for some work experience , and a little extra money . “ I 'd wanted to get involved in student politics for awhile , but I had n't because I did n't want to be involved in the bigger issues , like defederation , ” explained Brown . “ This position meant I would n't have to campaign for anybody , I did n't have to pick a side , the whole point was to be impartial . ”
According to Brown , the interview went well , and ended with her being offered the position . Brown says she signed and returned both a contract and a non-disclosure agreement , was given some tax forms , and was told to return on Tuesday for further training . Then , on Monday morning , she woke up to find a confusing email in her inbox .
“ I had an email from this Alex Flor person , and they said they were the CRO , ” said Brown . The email explained that after further examination Brown was not suitable for the position , stating : “ Unfortunately , due to the positions you hold on campus , your ability to act impartially and in an unbiased member while conducting the duties of polling has the potential to draw concern from both the membership & candidates. ” Brown provided The Varsity with copies of the email exchange between her and Chief Returning Officer ( CRO ) Alex Flor .
The Varsity contacted Flor on Monday morning , with a deadline of 9:00 pm Monday evening . At 9:00 pm Flor replied : “ I 've passed this along to Munib Sajjad , as the head of the ERC , to answer your questions. ” Flor was asked to respond to the claims made by Brown , either over the phone or by email . Her deadline was extended until 12:00 pm Tuesday , and then again until 2:30 pm Tuesday . Flor has not provided any further comment .
At 2:30 pm on Tuesday , Munib Sajjad , current UTSU president and chair of the Elections and Referenda Committee ( ERC ) , replied on Flor 's behalf , saying that more people had applied to be a poll clerk than there were positions available , and asserting that the hiring process was fair : “ The UTSU does not discriminate in the hiring of any employees based on college . When elections staff are hiring poll clerks , they are instructed to ensure that successful applicants do not have an affiliation with the UTSU or with any elected divisional student society marked on their resume or mentioned in their interviews , ” said Sajjad .
Brown , who says she has never held any leadership positions in her time at U of T , was confused after receiving Flor 's email on Monday . She says she emailed Flor asking for further clarification and dropped by the UTSU office later that day .
At the office , Brown says she spoke to Janina Kotowski , the Deputy Returning Officer ( DRO ) who originally interviewed and hired her . Brown claims that Kotowski told her that the concerns about her impartiality were based on her involvement with the Trinity College Meeting ( TCM ) .
Brown says she listed that she was a member of the TCM on her resume in order to be both upfront about her college , which she knew to have an at-times fractious relationship with the union , and to show that she was in fact impartial . “ Under school activities I listed that I was both a member of the UTSU and of the TCM , to show that I was impartial — it was on my application and I said it during my interview , ” she said .
Brown says she reiterated this point to Kotowski , and explained that all Trinity students are members of the TCM , but was still denied the position of poll clerk . “ She said ‘ I thought you had a great interview , but Alex went through and saw that and was worried and raised some concerns because there 's been some problems with Trin . ' And they said , ‘ we do n't know how involved you are , ' ” says Brown .
Kotowski was asked to confirm or deny the statements Brown attributes to her , but had not replied to the request as of press time .
Brown describes her involvement with her college as limited to using the service of the registrar , eating lunch in the dining hall , and sometimes walking through the quad . “ I would understand if I was maybe the chair of the TCM , but I 've only been to one or two meetings ever and I 'm in my third year . ”
The TCM has an unusual structure compared to other college societies at U of T. All students registered at Trinity are considered members of the TCM and are entitled to attend and vote at the TCM , which makes decisions similar to those usually made by elected college councils or boards of directors .
According to the email exchange provided by Brown , after her visit to the UTSU office , Flor contacted Brown offering to meet in person to discuss the decision . Brown responded that she would appreciate a meeting of this kind , to which Flor replied that she was in fact too busy to discuss the matter due to preparations for the upcoming student executives forum .
“ I pay my fees , I 'm still part of the student union . And on their website they have all this stuff about how they 're inclusive , and everybody 's welcome , and then they do this , ” said Brown , adding : “ They made a biased judgement , because they thought I would be biased . ”
Flor was asked to verify the authenticity of the emails provided by Brown , and did not do so . She also did not reply to questions regarding whether she knew all Trinity students are members of the TCM or whether she is allowing any Trinity student to be a poll clerk . The only reply received from Flor is quoted above .
Tags : UTSU , UTSU elections
When George Laurer goes to the grocery store , he does n't tell the check-out people that he invented the barcode , but his wife used to point it out . “ My husband here 's the one who invented that barcode , ” she 'd occasionally say . And the check-out people would look at him like , “ you mean there was a time when we did n't have barcodes ? ”
A time without barcodes is hard to imagine now . But it was n't that long ago , and the story does n't start with George Laurer . It starts with an engineer named Joseph Woodland . In 1948 Woodland was trying to come up with simple symbol that , when scanned , would translate to a number that a computer could use to identify a product .
Legend has it that he came up with his design while sitting on the beach in Miami . He was puzzling over the whole thing , thinking about Morse Code and tracing circles in the sand . When finally , bulls-eye !
The very first barcodes were in the shape of a bulls-eye , though they were n't called “ barcodes ” yet . Woodland 's invention was patented in 1952 as a “ Classifying Apparatus and Method. ” But Woodland 's “ apparatus ” would gather dust for 20 years —the scanners and other equipment needed to put the system in place were too expensive .
Finally , in 1973 , a group of supermarket executives led by Alan Haberman decided they needed to get some kind of scannable symbol in place to move people through checkout lines faster . They laid out a list of specifications that their ideal symbol would have and asked 14 companies , including IBM , to come up with a solution .
That 's where George Laurer comes into the story .
Laurer was working at IBM at the time ( Engineering was Fun ! ) and was tasked with making Woodland 's circular “ Classifying Apparatus and Method ” work . But Laurer did n't think the bulls-eye would fulfill the specifications set forth by the grocery industry . So he set out to make something that would . Eventually , Laurer came up with a rectangular design that fit more code into less space and did n't smear on the presses ( like Woodland 's bulls-eye symbol did ) . The “ Symbol Selection Committee ” voted unanimously for Laurer 's rectangular symbol and code , which they named the Universal Product Code , or UPC . A year later , in 1974 , a pack of Wrigley 's chewing gum became the first item to be scanned with a UPC barcode .
According to GS1 ( Global Standards One ) , the agency which issues barcode numbers , there are now about 5 billion barcodes scanned every day around the world .
Laurer and Woodland 's original barcodes have spawned a whole bunch of other barcodes that are used for all kinds of things . There 's Code 128 , which is mostly used for packaging and shipping . There 's POSTNET , which is used by the post office to sort mail . There are barcodes that use radio frequencies to send out data , which are called RFID tags ( though they are n't really barcodes at all , they just get put in the same category because like barcodes they 're being used to keep track of inventory ) .
And of course , there 's the all-too-ubiquitous QR ( “ quick response ” ) code .
QR codes can be scanned with a cell phone ( using any number of apps ) . Generally they link you to a website . Advertisers have been slapping them on so many things that people are experiencing “ QR code fatigue . ”
Unlike UPC barcodes , there is no central agency ( Like GS1 ) giving them out . Anyone can get one at any time . Which allows people to do stuff like this :
Barcode art is nothing new . People have been getting barcode tattoos since the late 1980s in defiance of the capitalist , consumerist system barcodes have come to represent . Jerry Whiting will design one for you , even though he does n't think barcodes should be blamed for our frustrations about being a “ cog in a larger monolithic machine . ”
This building is probably not making an anti-consumerist statement since it is actually a shopping mall in Russia :
After Woodland 's bulls-eye symbol was patented—but before Laurer 's UPC symbol was first implemented— railways experimented with a system called KarTrak to keep track of train cars . It worked a bit differently than Laurer and Woodland 's barcodes , and ultimately it did n't work that well . It was abandoned in the early 1970 's .
Barcodes have penetrated so deeply into popular imagination that there is even a conspiracy theory about them . Some people believe that the number of the beast ( 666 ) is encoded into every UPC barcode . It 's more or less true that there are three sixes encoded into every barcode ; the answer to why is a bit technical ( and has nothing to do with Revelations or Satan ) . George Laurer addresses it on his website ( where you can see that he 's clearly tired of addressing it ) . But if you are still are n't convinced that Laurer is n't a satanist , we suggest you listen to the radio story . He may be the nicest man we 've ever interviewed .
Say hi to Katie on Twitter @ katiemingle .
Squarespace site of the week : Fifty-four Forty
Alexis Madrigal 's Tiny Letter : 5 Intriguing Things
The three Palestinians killed by IDF tank fire on Sunday were not involved in terrorism and were fired at because they were thought to be aiming a rocket launcher at the border fence , an initial military inquiry concluded on Tuesday . The dead were a 91-year-old man , his 17-year-old grandson and a man aged 21 .
The incident took place on Sunday afternoon near the Erez checkpoint in the north of the Gaza Strip . Soldiers manning one of the IDF 's permanent lookout posts noticed three men on agricultural land at the edge of the no-go zone that the military imposes along the border fence . One of them , apparently the 21-year-old , was seen lifting a loaded rocket-propelled-grenade launcher , and seemingly aiming it at the border fence and in the general direction of an IDF patrol . The force commanders estimated the man was a terrorist preparing to fire the rocket , and an IDF tank opened fire on the group , killing all three .
Palestinians pray near the bodies of Ibrahim Abu Assad and his grandson Hussam at their funeral in Jabalya , Gaza on Sept 13 , 2010 . Reuters
The commander of the Gaza division , Brig . Gen. Eyal Eisenberg , said in an Army Radio interview on Tuesday that an initial investigation by the army found the three appear to have been civilians not involved in terrorist activity , who found the rocket launcher on the spot and innocently picked it up . At the same time , other Palestinians in the area were firing mortar shells toward IDF tanks .
Eisenberg stressed that the inquiry was still in its early stages and that the last few days have seen a noticeable increase in attack attempts against IDF forces and rocket fire toward Israel . The army believes that although most of the attacks are carried out by Islamic Jihad , Hamas is not putting as much effort into preventing them as in the past .
Tuesday afternoon an anti-tank missile was fired toward an IDF force in the north of the Strip . No casualties were reported among the soldiers . A tank returned fire with shells and machine gun fire , killing one Palestinian .
`` Hamas is the sovereign on the ground and we consider it responsible for every incident , '' Eisenberg told Army Radio . `` I can not confirm that the organization sanctions every attack , but the general atmosphere leads these organizations to carry out the shooting . ''
`` Hamas is focusing on three specific efforts : Maintaining the humanitarian effort , improving its arsenal and fighting skill to try and attack IDF forces and balance out the military capabilities , and working to preserve the Hamas regime , '' said Eisenberg .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
But when her throat was cleared at last , Ms. Palin had something considerably more substantive to say .
She made three interlocking points . First , that the United States is now governed by a “ permanent political class , ” drawn from both parties , that is increasingly cut off from the concerns of regular people . Second , that these Republicans and Democrats have allied with big business to mutual advantage to create what she called “ corporate crony capitalism. ” Third , that the real political divide in the United States may no longer be between friends and foes of Big Government , but between friends and foes of vast , remote , unaccountable institutions ( both public and private ) .
In supporting her first point , about the permanent political class , she attacked both parties ' tendency to talk of spending cuts while spending more and more ; to stoke public anxiety about a credit downgrade , but take a vacation anyway ; to arrive in Washington of modest means and then somehow ride the gravy train to fabulous wealth . She observed that 7 of the 10 wealthiest counties in the United States happen to be suburbs of the nation 's capital .
Her second point , about money in politics , helped to explain the first . The permanent class stays in power because it positions itself between two deep troughs : the money spent by the government and the money spent by big companies to secure decisions from government that help them make more money .
“ Do you want to know why nothing ever really gets done ? ” she said , referring to politicians . “ It 's because there 's nothing in it for them . They 've got a lot of mouths to feed — a lot of corporate lobbyists and a lot of special interests that are counting on them to keep the good times and the money rolling along . ”
Because her party has agitated for the wholesale deregulation of money in politics and the unshackling of lobbyists , these will be heard in some quarters as sacrilegious words .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Ms. Palin 's third point was more striking still : in contrast to the sweeping paeans to capitalism and the free market delivered by the Republican presidential candidates whose ranks she has yet to join , she sought to make a distinction between good capitalists and bad ones . The good ones , in her telling , are those small businesses that take risks and sink and swim in the churning market ; the bad ones are well-connected megacorporations that live off bailouts , dodge taxes and profit terrifically while creating no jobs .
Strangely , she was saying things that liberals might like , if not for Ms. Palin 's having said them .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ This is not the capitalism of free men and free markets , of innovation and hard work and ethics , of sacrifice and of risk , ” she said of the crony variety . She added : “ It 's the collusion of big government and big business and big finance to the detriment of all the rest — to the little guys . It 's a slap in the face to our small business owners — the true entrepreneurs , the job creators accounting for 70 percent of the jobs in America . ”
Is there a hint of a political breakthrough hiding in there ?
The political conversation in the United States is paralyzed by a simplistic division of labor . Democrats protect that portion of human flourishing that is threatened by big money and enhanced by government action . Republicans protect that portion of human flourishing that is threatened by big government and enhanced by the free market .
What is seldom said is that human flourishing is a complex and delicate thing , and that we need n't choose whether government or the market jeopardizes it more , because both can threaten it at the same time .
Ms. Palin may be hinting at a new political alignment that would pit a vigorous localism against a kind of national-global institutionalism .
On one side would be those Americans who believe in the power of vast , well-developed institutions like Goldman Sachs , the Teamsters Union , General Electric , Google and the U.S. Department of Education to make the world better . On the other side would be people who believe that power , whether public or private , becomes corrupt and unresponsive the more remote and more anonymous it becomes ; they would press to live in self-contained , self-governing enclaves that bear the burden of their own prosperity .
No one knows yet whether Ms. Palin will actually run for president . But she did just get more interesting .
Join an online conversation at http : //anand.ly
You 've decided you want to get into front-end development and you 've managed to learn a few things . The time has come for you to get some working experience and start growing your career in a beautiful field . I was in that position not so long ago and I noticed that actually having a job and working is a lot different than writing code from the safety of your own environment . So how do you present yourself in a professional way ? How do you make sure that you learn as much as you can ? Today I want to share some of the things I have learned about this .
Take yourself seriously
But do n't be cocky . It 's good to show to other people that you 're serious about development . It will make sure that they do n't just steamroll right over you . It will show that you have passion and are n't just there to put in a couple of hours and then go home aftwerwards . The things you say and do matter and it 's okay to make sure that people know . However , at the same time you should be aware that you 're just starting out . You 're a junior developer and you 're in the position to learn . Which brings me to my next point .
Ask questions
When you 're trying to proof yourself it 's easy to isolate yourself and work really hard . When your get assigned a task you 're probably going to want to solve it on your own . It makes sense , you 're trying to make a name for yourself and you 're trying to be taken seriously . How will your colleagues be able to do that if you ca n't even be trusted with doing a small , simple task on your own ? So you try to keep everything to yourself . Even though this mindset makes a lot of sense I want to advice you to ask questions . A lot of them . Do n't just ask about the tasks you 're trying to complete but also ask why certain things work the way they do . Ask what motivated a certain technology or design choice in your code base . Even ask you colleagues for their opinions on work related topics . You can learn a lot from them and it will prove to them that you care enough about your job to ask somebody for help with finding the best solutions .
Take responsibility for the code you work with
Now that you 're part of a team of developers , you 're sharing in the responsibility over a code base . When I was listening to Ben Orenstein 's podcast a few days ago he mentioned something he noticed in interviews which really stuck with me . He said that when he asked people he interviewed why a certain piece of code worked the way it did many candidates would come up with a variety of excuses why they did n't know or care about how the code worked . What these excuses usually came down to was that somebody else wrote that piece of code and it was n't 100 % relevant to the task they were trying to do . So they would just assume that the person who wrote the code knew what they were doing and they did n't feel responsible for the code , so they would n't touch it .
When I thought about that I figured that I take code written by my colleagues for granted a lot of the time . Event thought they often double-check my code to see what it does and how it can be improved . They do n't do that because they do n't trust me , they do that because they feel responsible for the code I write because we all share a code base . So when you touch a piece of code somebody else wrote and you 're not sure how it works you should ask somebody . If you do this it will show that you actually care about the bigger picture and that you 're taking responsibility for the code that you 're working with . And that is a good thing .
Do n't pretend you know everything
When I was doing my first internship I thought I actually knew a lot . Whenever my boss would come up with a project I would have a solution immediately . I think I kept that up for about a few months until I realized that in fact I did n't really know anything . I knew the very basics of Actionscript and I knew how to create simple things with Adobe Flash and that was it . I was n't a good programmer , I just did n't know what I did n't know . So I want to advice you to be humble , be aware that you probably do n't know half of what you think you know . You do n't have the experience to know what works and what does n't work . And nobody is going to blame you for that . It 's okay to say that you 're not sure about something , it 's also okay to just say that you do n't have a clue about how you should approach something . And again , it 's okay to ask questions .
If anything , your colleagues and your boss will appreciate the fact that you ask them for help , it gives them a sense of comfort knowing that you 're not just doing whatever . Many good developers also seem to enjoy the act of teaching , sharing their knowledge with others . So actually by not pretending you know it all you 're learning more , making sure you do n't do anything weird and you 're providing others with the opportunity to share knowledge .
Take the time to read and learn
If you pick up a book on development every once in a while it will give you a much better understanding of the topic you 're reading about . Even though the modern world allows you to find almost anything online I have found that books are a great way to take a more casual approach at learning . I feel like reading a book speaks to a whole different mindset for me and I seem to be able to focus a lot better and longer when I 'm reading a book . Also , some subjects require the repetition and explanation that a book can give you .
This also applies to learning a new tool or framework . It 's okay to sit down for an hour or two so you can read about it before you start working with it . I have found that doing this will provide a sense of context and it can really help with exploring the feature of the given framework . You 'll also be able to gain a much deeper understanding of what goes on because sometimes the framework documentation will go in to why they made certain choices . While these choices may seem insignificant at first sight they might provide you with some context when you 're actually working with the framework . Which can help you a lot in the long run .
Conclusions
When you 're just starting out as a developer it 's really easy to overlook all the things you do n't know . When I was just starting out I worked with some people who kept emphasizing that some things were easy but I never knew why . I never asked . And if there 's something I 've noticed , it 's that asking is key to becoming a better developer . And it does n't stop there , you also have to listen . Listening is a great way to learn . Opinions of more experienced people are n't based on the latest and greatest , they 're based on what works and what does n't . They tend to have experience with a lot of things and also , they tend to admit when they are n't sure . So if somebody with tons of experience tells you something , assume that they know what they 're talking about . And if you have doubts , ask them . They will most likely be happy to explain to you what they think and why . They will probably even be excited about hearing what you have to say as well . So I guess this whole post comes down to a few things . Be confident , be eager , ask questions and do n't fake it .
Figuring out how to locate the smartest concentration of people in any one place is no easy feat .
Typically , it 's either been measured by the proportion of college-degree holders or the raw number of college-degree holders that accumulate in a given place . Both approaches , according to Rob Pitingolo , an economics brainiac and 2010 college graduate , have flaws :
`` The theory that there is economic value to having smart people together rests on the assumption that smart people collaborate with each other . You could have a whole bunch of smart people in one place , but if they do n't interact with each other , what 's the value ? ''
Is there value in corralling a bunch of smart people together in one place ? What if they still do n't collaborate ? If they did , would you be willing to relocate ?
Florentino Pérez called a press conference at the Santiago Bernabéu and announced that José Mourinho will step down as Real Madrid coach at the end of the season . Even though the Portuguese manager had a contract until 2016 , the club 's board of directors has reached an agreement with him to leave the club after three years in charge .
`` It is n't nice to reach a solution like this , but it is also true that after three years , both of us have agreed that it was the right time to end this relationship and we want to thank him , firstly , for the job he 's done '' , the Real Madrid president said .
`` I would have liked Mourinho to stay for many more years , but many Real Madrid fans believe that the pressure he was subjected to was n't normal and a person can only put up with so much '' , he added .
`` We have n't reached an agreement or signed a pre-contract with another coach . That 's the task at hand and our job for the next few days . PSG told us they did n't want to let Ancelotti go '' , Florentino Pérez responded to the question whether he already knew the name of the manager set to replace José Mourinho in the Real Madrid dugout .
`` We want the new coach to be someone who can help us continue improving . In footballing terms , we 're playing to a high standard that we should never have lost , but had lost during the six previous seasons '' , the president said .
developer Mojang today received a notice from a Swedish court , stating thatpublisher Bethesda is going ahead with the infringement claim regarding upcoming titleLast month , Mojang received a letter from Bethesda accusing the Swedish studio of infringing on Bethesda'strademark with its in-development digital card game '' Thecase is going to court ! '' revealed developer Markus Persson via Twitter.Daniel Kaplan , Mojang business developer , confirmed to Gamasutra , `` Yeah , we got a notice from the Swedish court . `` He told us that his company will soon be able to send in evidence in its defense . `` We are going to do as much as we can , '' he said , `` since I really hate it how the big boys always get their own way . `` He explained that the document reveals how Bethesda lawyers are using comments onvideos and articles about the game to prove that the name will confuse players into believing thatis part of thefranchise . `` They even took screenshots from our trailer and said we copied them ... we have mountains in thetrailer , and they have that too in , '' he laughed . `` It is really silly believing our game will be confused with their FPS-RPG with realistic graphics , '' he continued . `` They have dumped everything they could find about . `` He noted that if the worst comes to the worst , Mojang will be forced to change the name of its upcoming title.Gamasutra has contacted Bethesda for comment .
A leading Saudi cleric was shot and injured at a public event in the Philippines on Tuesday , according to Filipino authorities .
Al Arabiya quoted an unnamed Filipino official as saying Sheikh Ayed al-Qarni was “ in a good condition ” after being shot in the hand by an unknown gunman at Western Mindanao State University in Zamboanga .
The official added that Filipino security forces shot dead the gunman .
`` We pinned down the gunman . He 's dead , '' Filipino spokesperson Helen Galvez told AFP . “ We are investigating this incident . ”
Galvez said the gunman used a .45-caliber pistol .
The cleric , who has over 12 million followers on Twitter , is being treated in hospital along with Sheikh Turki Assaegh , who is a preacher and an official with the Saudi embassy in the Philippines .
The shooting took place at 820pm local time ( 1220pm GMT ) , according to Filipino news website Rabbler .
Zamboanga is one of the largest cities in the southern Philippines , which has been home to a decades-long separatist rebellion by the mainly Catholic nation 's Muslim minority .
Zamboanga has a mixed Christian and Muslim population , and has been a frequent target of attacks by local Muslim militant groups .
One of the nation 's main Muslim rebel groups raided the city in 2013 , triggering three weeks of clashes with security forces that left more than 200 people dead .
No information has been published regarding who may have carried out the attack .
However , J M Berger , who is a fellow with the Program on Extremism at George Washington University , suggested the Islamic State could be behind the assassination attempt .
Qarni was on ISIS 's assassination list in latest Dabiq / Philippines gun attack injures Saudi preacher https : //t.co/dzND42Peax — 𝙅.𝙈 . 𝘽𝙀𝙍𝙂𝙀𝙍 ( @ intelwire ) March 1 , 2016
Qarni was posting on Twitter moments before the attack , saying he was giving a lecture to a large audience .
Al Arabiya reported that Saudi authorities are sending a plane to the Philippines to bring the injured cleric back to the kingdom .
Saudi media outlets described Qarni as a senior Islamic scholar .
In his book `` Awakening Islam , '' the French academic Stephane Lacroix included Qarni among `` the most famous '' Saudi preachers .
In 2012 Qarni was refused entry to the United States despite holding an American visa , and he was later told that he was on a “ no fly ” list .
The Sheikh has previously advocated religious war against American troops in Iraq and against the Israeli army .
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved
By WNCN Staff - CHARLOTTE , N.C. - Duke Energy and Piedmont Natural Gas announced Monday morning that both companies agreed to have Duke Energy acquire Piedmont for about $ 4.9 billion in cash .
`` We look forward to welcoming Piedmont 's employees and one million customers in the Carolinas and Tennessee to Duke Energy , '' said Lynn Good , president and CEO of Duke Energy , in a release on the company 's website . `` This combination provides us with a growing natural gas platform , benefitting our customers , communities and investors . ''
`` This is an exciting moment for Piedmont Natural Gas , its shareholders , customers and employees , '' said Tom Skains , chairman , president and CEO of Piedmont Natural Gas , in a written release . `` The strategic combination of our two companies will deliver compelling value to our shareholders , greatly expand our platform for future growth , enhance our ability to provide excellence in customer service and give our employees more opportunities in one of the largest energy companies in the United States . ''
Piedmont began operations in Charlotte in1951 . Duke Energy was founded in 1904 .
Duke Energy and Piedmont are key partners in the $ 5 billion Atlantic Coast Pipeline that will be the first major natural gas pipeline to serve Eastern North Carolina .
Piedmont will retain its name and will operate as a business unit of Duke Energy . Both companies will operate as separate entities until the transaction is complete .
The acquisition will have to be approved by the North Carolina Utilities Commission . The companies will also provide information regarding the acquisition to the Public Service Commission of South Carolina and the Tennessee Regulatory Authority .
Graduate students at US universities are being warned not to read or post links to WikiLeaks documents , or they could be denied work with the US government .
Several news reports suggest the State Department has been warning university departments that students could fail security screening if they are seen to discuss or post links to WikiLeaks documents on social networking sites . The US government considers the leaked material to be classified , even after public release .
AboveTheLaw.com has obtained a letter from the career development dean of the Boston University School of Law warning students to stay away from WikiLeaks material .
Today I received information about Wikileaks that I want to pass on to you . This is most relevant if you are going to apply for or have already applied for federal government positions . Two big factors in hiring for many federal government positions are determining if the applicants have good judgment and if they know how to deal with confidential/classified information . The documents released by Wikileaks remain classified ; thus , reading them , passing them on , commenting on them may be seen as a violation of Executive Order 13526 , Classified National Security Information . See Section 5.5 ( Sanctions ) . For many federal government jobs , applicants must obtain security clearances . There are various levels of security checks , but all federal positions require background checks . As part of such checks , social media may be researched to see what you are up to , so DO NOT post links to the documents or make comments on any social media sites . Moreover , polygraphs are conducted for the highest levels of security clearance . I have not yet heard any fallout about specific individuals , but we wanted to give you this take on the situation .
Maura Kelly
Assistant Dean for Career Development and Public Service
DemocracyNow 's Amy Goodman obtained a copy of a similar letter sent by the office of career services at Columbia University 's School of International and Public Affairs .
“ The documents released during the past few months through Wikileaks are still considered classified documents . [ A State Department official ] recommends that you DO NOT post links to these documents nor make comments on social media sites such as Facebook or through Twitter . Engaging in these activities would call into question your ability to deal with confidential information , which is part of most positions with the federal government , ” the letter stated .
Susie Madrak at Crooks and Liars likens the US government 's efforts to prevent federal employees and prospective employees from reading the leaks to a game of “ whack-a-mole , ” a view shared by AboveTheLaw 's Elie Mystal :
Basically , I do n't think the federal government is even competent enough to find all the Wikileaks readers and blacklist them from the federal payroll . I mean , if the FBI or CIA or whatever really was the kind of omnipresent force idealized in movies , tell me how Julian Assange is still alive , much less in a position to publish thousands of confidential documents .
The news comes as the US government has been placing pressure on its employees to stay away from the leaks .
“ The recent disclosure of US government documents by WikiLeaks have resulted in damage to our national security , ” the White House 's Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) said in a message to all federal agencies .
It reminded them that “ each federal employee and contractor is obligated to protect classified information ” and said that a public release of classified documents did not mean they had been declassified .
“ Unauthorized disclosures of classified documents ( whether in print , on a blog or on websites ) do not alter the documents ' classified status or automatically result in declassification of the documents , ” the OMB said .
Reporting on the government 's efforts to stop employees from reading the leaked materials , the New York Times describes it as “ a classic case of shutting the barn door after the horse has left . ”
— With AFP
Security forces today averted a possible landmine explosion on a vital road in poll-bound Chhattisgarh as they diffused two IEDs weighing 50 kg in the Dantewada area of the state .
A joint squad of CRPF and state police detected two big Improvised Explosive Devices ( IEDs ) of 25 kg each kept in steel cases on the road between Dornapal and Jagargunda near Chintalnar in Sukma district .
The forces were conducting an area domination exercise . The IEDs , concealed beneath , were diffused , a senior official said .
The bomb squad has defused the IEDs and there is no report of injuries . The MHA had already issued alerts on a possibility of a Naxal attack in the state between 9-10 November . According to reports , Maoist chief Ganpatty was also spotted in Abujmad hills in Bastar .
This is the same spot where Naxalites in 2010 had carried out the deadliest attack on security forces deployed for anti-Naxal operations as they killed 76 of them in a single ambush .
Amidst reports that Maoists may attack leaders in the Bastar region , security forces have been told to keep a hawk 's eye on every suspicious movement .
Security personnel have been put on high alert ahead of the visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress President Sonia Gandhi and BJP 's PM nominee Narendra Modi , to the poll bound Chhattisgarh state for election campaigning .
Security has been heightened across the state , particularly in the Maoist-affected Bastar region , ahead of the visit by these VIPs , Director General of Police Ramniwas told PTI in Raipur on Wednesday .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's visit is scheduled on November 9 in Raipur , while UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi are set to visit the Maoist-affected Bastar region on November 7 , even as Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi is set to visit Maoist-hit Kanker on November 8 .
Eighteen Maoist-affected constituencies in the eight districts of Bastar , Bijapur , Kondagaon , Sukma , Narayanpur , Dantewada , Kanker and Rajnandgaon will go to polls in the first phase , while the rest of the 72 constituencies will go to polls during the second phase on November 19 .
Chhattisgarh has a total of 1,67,97,368 voters and 21,418 polling booths have been set up to elect a 90-member state assembly . Taking a serious note of the Maoist threat , the Centre has sent an additional 400 companies ( 40,000 personnel ) of paramilitary forces to ensure peaceful polling .
With inputs from Agencies
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Totuşi , dumneavoastră încă nu îl cunoaşteţi pe Mircea Vasilache . Nu-l cunoaşteţi pentru că lui îi e frică de dumneavoastră . Îi e frică de ură , de orice compasiune falsă , de păreri gratuite şi de comentarii răuvoitoare . Îi e frică şi îi e lehamite de lumea asta .
Era astă-vară când am bătut , cu acea curiozitate gazetărească necioplită , la uşa lui Mircea Vasilache . Să-mi spună toate fericirile şi toate dramele din viaţa lui , să le scriu la ziar , să dau filmuleţe pe net , să public fotografii – poate voi fi surprins şi un instantaneu cu o grimasă care arată a amărăciune – şi măcar câţiva dintre cei care vor fi citit să-şi pună două-trei întrebări .
După mai bine de o oră în care am stăruit , în care am folosit toate metodele jurnalistice şi mai puţin jurnalistice , în care l-am rugat în toate felurile să mă lase să-mi pornesc reportofonul , mi-a spus aceste cuvinte : Nu mai vreau să fiu expoziţie . Nu am nevoie să mă comenteze nimeni . În aceste două fraze , e o sinteză a unei lumi care n-a reuşit să-i ofere acestui om ceva mai mult de rolul unui exponat de muzeu . Care l-a lăsat aşa , anxios , să-şi ducă bătrâneţile între patru pereţi scorojiţi , până data viitoare când s-a mai putut folosi de el .
Acum puţini ani , Mircea Vasilache a acceptat să fie invitat special la congresul cu aplaudaci al unuia dintre partidele importante din România . I s-a spus numele la scenă deschisă şi a primit ovaţii . I s-a strâns mâna , i s-a vorbit mieros şi i s-a acordat , festiv , diplomă de excelenţă . Vom face pentru bătrâni ! , Vom reconstrui viitorul ! , iar , apoi , gata . Nu l-a mai căutat nimeni până la următorul ceremonial .
Ştiţi ce-a înţeles Mircea Vasilache din cei 100 de ani pe care i-a petrecut pe lumea asta ? A înţeles că a ajuns să fie , dacă n-a fost dintotdeauna , inutil . Că nimeni nu are nevoie de mai mult de o fotografie cu el şi că e bun numai pentru parade şi apariţii-şoc . Ca un generator capital de imagine . Totuşi , şi la 20 de ani , şi la 40 , şi la 100 , i-a fost foame în exact acelaşi fel .
Dezamăgirea lui Mircea Vasilache e , de fapt , neputinţa noastră , a celor de lângă el . Poate că n-am avut niciodată nevoie de astfel de oameni . Nici în război , nici când s-au luptat cu comuniştii pentru dreptate , nici când a crezut în România şi în noi . Pentru Mircea Vasilache , astăzi nu mai are niciun rost . Şi cel mai urât lucru de pe lumea asta e să vezi resemnare în ochii unui bătrân .
The Church of England 's main legislative body has rejected a report saying marriage can only be between a man and a woman , plunging the church into a new crisis .
England 's state church is deeply divided over the issue , with liberals calling on it to change Christian doctrine on the issue while conservatives insist such a change is impossible .
The report by the House of Bishops , which together with the houses of Clergy and Laity makes up the General Synod , re-affirmed church teaching on marriage , but also called for a “ fresh tone and culture of welcome and support for lesbian and gay people ” .
However , a campaign by liberal elements within the Synod led to a motion to “ take note ” of the report – usually purely procedural – failing after the House of Clergy voted against it .
The motion was passed by the other two houses , and received the support of the majority of those present , but its rejection by the clergy means it was defeated .
However , it later emerged several members , including the Bishop of Coventry , may have voted the wrong way after becoming confused about which button to press .
One lay member told Christian Today of a sense of “ chaos ” in the chamber : “ Other people around me were talking about their own misunderstandings .
“ The voting was n't clear . I have concerns , someone got shouted over , it was very confusing . ”
The vote now means the church 's position on the issue is in disarray , and is especially awkward for the Church of England just months after the worldwide Anglican Communion suspended the U.S. Episcopalian Church for endorsing same-sex marriage .
Many mainstream news outlets have hailed the vote as a “ step forward ” for gay marriage in the Established Church , with The Telegraph in particular writing : “ Anglicans come a step closer to gay marriages in church . ”
However , critics have said the vote only leaves the church even more divided than before .
One Church of England priest wrote : “ If people think that last night the synod gave birth to something new , it was an aborted effort , with all the tragedy that analogy brings with it .
“ Past the fake news and post-truth headlines and spin , the simple fact is that the Church of England is going nowhere fast on the gay issue . We have no path forward at present…
“ The bishops spent months wrestling with the seriousness of the conflict in the Church , working out what could and could n't be done , processing through the various options and , in my humble opinion , bringing to the synod the best possible solution at the present time…
“ As of last night , we 're right back to where we were decades ago . ”
I 've been following the Java™ 8 work by the Eclipse Java development tools ( JDT ) team for a while now . Naturally , they 're tracking all of the work through our Bugzilla instance .
All Java 8 bugs are prefixed with “ [ 1.8 ] ” , which makes them pretty easy to find . My Mylyn query shows me that with 589 bugs closed , the team has around 75 % of the bugs fixed . Of course , new bugs are still coming in , but that is an impressive metric none-the-less .
If we think of Bug 380106 as the first Java 8 bug , then it follows that development on Java 8 began on May 21/2012 .
Since that date , JDT Git repositories have recorded 2,806 commits authored by seventy-eight ( 78 ) different contributors ( authors , not necessarily committers ) . That number of contributors is staggering . And these contributors come from a pretty diverse set of organizations . Many are independent .
Officially , the JDT project and its subprojects ( Core , Debug , UI ) have a total of 24 committers . If we assume that all of these committers have been active in this period ( which is n't true ) , that 's an impressive 2/3 of all contributors who come from outside of the project . While this number does n't help us understand how prolific the contributors are ( I 'll work out a query for that ) , I think that it does tell us that JDT and its subprojects are doing a very good job of operating in an open manner .
Of those 2,806 commits , 795 are easily attributed to Java 8 development ( i.e . they have “ [ 1.8 ] ” ) in their comment . By “ eyeballing ” some of the comments , that number is obviously very low . I 'll have seen what I can do to refine that query to not depend solely on that particular string . Those 795 commits are attributed to twenty-two ( 22 ) contributors .
Probably the easiest way to keep pace with ongoing development is to listen in on the Bugzilla discussions .
Log into Bugzilla Navigate to “ Email Preferences ” Scroll down to “ User Watching ” Add the following email addresses ( or some subset ) to the “ watch list ” : jdt-apt-inbox @ eclipse.org
jdt-core-inbox @ eclipse.org
jdt-debug-inbox @ eclipse.org
jdt-doc-inbox @ eclipse.org
jdt-text-inbox @ eclipse.org
jdt-ui-inbox @ eclipse.org
By almost any standard that I can think of , the JDT project is very active , diverse , open , and transparent .
Advertisements
Few movements in the history of art feel as familiar as Impressionism . Barely a week goes by without Monet and his contemporaries generating headlines for one reason or another . Impressionist paintings attract astronomical prices at auction . Impressionist exhibitions are mainstays at museums because they offer a guaranteed way of drumming up a crowd .
Even people with a cursory interest in modern art have heard the story of the notorious show of 1874 , when a group of independent French artists staged what would become known as the first Impressionist exhibition away from the official Salon . Surely there is nothing new to say about the movement that launched a thousand tea towels ?
Actually , perhaps there is . Inventing Impressionism , a new exhibition at the National Gallery in London , offers an ingenious , fresh take on a well-worn subject . Following its opening , one British art critic , Richard Dorment , hailed it as the most significant Impressionist exhibition in the UK for two decades .
Filled with masterpieces by Monet , Pissarro , Degas , Renoir , Sisley and Manet , the exhibition tells the story of the far-sighted French art dealer Paul Durand-Ruel ( 1831-1922 ) . During the course of his long career , it is estimated that up to 12,000 Impressionist paintings passed through Durand-Ruel 's hands .
According to the exhibition 's argument , which is based on recent research conducted in the Durand-Ruel family archives , Durand-Ruel did not create Impressionism – that , of course , was the achievement of the artists themselves . But he did discover the movement and bring it to universal attention . In other words , he was responsible for branding and promoting Impressionism . Without him , the movement would n't be the popular juggernaut it is today .
Birth of a movement
So what do we know about this Svengali of modern art ? Surprisingly , given his risk-taking taste for the avant-garde , his temperament was conservative . The son of a successful art dealer , he grew up to become a conventional , haute-bourgeois Frenchman . “ He was a monarchist and very Catholic , and he valued his probity , ” says Christopher Riopelle of the National Gallery , one of the curators of the exhibition , which has already visited Paris and will travel to the Philadelphia Museum of Art this summer .
Having followed in his father 's footsteps , Durand-Ruel was interested at first in the generation preceding the Impressionists : the likes of Delacroix and Courbet , as well as Corot , Millet and Rousseau . His conversion to Impressionism occurred in 1870 , when he was living in exile in London during the Franco-Prussian War .
The French painter Daubigny introduced him to Monet and Pissarro , who were also exiled , and he fell in love with their work at once . He bought several pictures by them , including a panorama of London 's Green Park by Monet and a view of the residential suburb Sydenham by Pissarro , who later wrote , “ Without him , we should have died of hunger in London . ”
Back in Paris by 1872 , he spotted two paintings by Édouard Manet , including a stunning still life called The Salmon ( 1869 ) , in the studio of another artist . On a whim , he bought them both – and 21 other pictures that he saw when he visited Manet 's studio later that same month . In that spree alone , he spent 35,000 francs on paintings by Manet – which , in 1872 , was an extremely bold and risky thing to do . In fact , his extravagant spending in these early years , when Impressionism as yet had no market to speak of , almost bankrupted him . But he felt sure that his gamble would eventually pay off .
Making money off Monet
In time , it did – thanks largely to various strategies that he concocted in order to build a market for Impressionism . He masterminded the second Impressionist exhibition of 1876 at his own gallery , ensuring that professional standards were employed . Later he inaugurated a series of one-man shows for individual Impressionist artists that helped win them serious attention .
He allowed curious visitors to enter his elegant , art-bedecked apartment , which functioned as an unofficial showroom . And he persuaded wealthy Americans to start purchasing Impressionist pictures . “ The Americans do n't criticise , they buy , ” he said .
“ As a result , a group of artists who were largely reviled became one of the most popular art movements in the world , ” says Riopelle . “ This did not just happen . Manipulations had to be done . And one of the prime manipulators was Durand-Ruel . ”
Perhaps his greatest coup , though , came towards the end of his life . In 1905 , at the Grafton Galleries in London , he organised a mammoth exhibition of Impressionism boasting 315 works of art , including 196 from his own collection .
With many impressive , large canvases such as Manet 's portrait of Eva Gonzalès ( 1870 ) and Renoir 's Luncheon of the Boating Party ( 1880-81 ) , it has been described as the greatest exhibition of Impressionist art ever mounted . And even though London 's sluggish collectors did n't take to it ( only 13 sales were recorded , almost exclusively to foreigners ) , it would have a lasting impact upon perceptions of the movement .
“ By this point , Durand-Ruel was an old man , ” says Riopelle , “ and he decided to make a final great statement of what he had done – to write , if you will , the history of Impressionism so far . And by and large the story of Impressionism that we still believe today was the story laid out on those walls in that triumphant exhibition of 1905 . In the true sense of the word , Durand-Ruel really did ‘ invent ' Impressionism . ”
Alastair Sooke is art critic of The Daily Telegraph
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture , head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
PHILADELPHIA - Researchers have identified a polio-like syndrome in a cluster of children from California over a one-year period , according to a case report released today that will be presented at the American Academy of Neurology 's 66th Annual Meeting in Philadelphia , April 26 to May 3 , 2014 .
`` Although poliovirus has been eradicated from most of the globe , other viruses can also injure the spine , leading to a polio-like syndrome , '' said case report author Keith Van Haren , MD , with Stanford University in Palo Alto , Calif. , and a member of the American Academy of Neurology . Van Haren also works with co-author Emanuelle Waubant , MD , University of California , San Francisco . `` In the past decade , newly identified strains of enterovirus have been linked to polio-like outbreaks among children in Asia and Australia . These five new cases highlight the possibility of an emerging infectious polio-like syndrome in California . ''
Polio is a contagious disease that sometimes caused paralysis . The United States experienced a polio epidemic in the 1950s , until a vaccine was introduced .
Van Haren said he and his colleagues noticed several of these cases at their medical centers and decided to look for similar cases in California . They reviewed all polio-like cases among children who had samples referred to California 's Neurologic and Surveillance Testing program from August 2012 to July 2013 . Cases were included in the analysis if the children had paralysis affecting one or more limbs with abnormal MRI scans of the spinal cord that explained the paralysis . They did not include children who met criteria for Guillain-Barré syndrome and botulism , which can cause similar symptoms .
The five children experienced paralysis of one or more arms or legs that came on suddenly and reached the height of its severity within two days of onset . Three of the children had a respiratory illness before the symptoms began . All of the children had been previously vaccinated against poliovirus .
The children were treated but their symptoms did not improve and they still had poor limb function after six months . Two children tested positive for enterovirus-68 , a rare virus previously associated with polio-like symptoms . No cause was identified in the remaining three children .
`` Our findings have important implications for disease surveillance , testing and treatment , '' said Van Haren . `` We would like to stress that this syndrome appears to be very , very rare . Any time a parent sees symptoms of paralysis in a child , the child should be seen by a doctor right away . ''
# # #
The case report was supported by the McHugh/Sprague Award from the Lucile Packard Foundation .
Learn more about brain disease at http : //www . aan . com/ patients .
The American Academy of Neurology , an association of more than 27,000 neurologists and neuroscience professionals , is dedicated to promoting the highest quality patient-centered neurologic care . A neurologist is a doctor with specialized training in diagnosing , treating and managing disorders of the brain and nervous system such as Alzheimer 's disease , stroke , migraine , multiple sclerosis , brain injury , Parkinson 's disease and epilepsy .
ChemtrailsAreDemonic.org › Occult Indoctrination of the World
The protective blood of Jesus Christ covers this page , images and website and those who will view it , we bind up every demon who would try to transfer from these images in any way and command you to go wherever Jesus sends you . We bind every demon who would blind the reader 's mind to the truth and from reading and comprehending this information in Jesus name , as well as any demon who would keep this information from being shared and distributed and from becoming common knowledge .
The Occult Indoctrination of the World :
Disney , Star Wars , X-Men , Harry Potter , and the Externalization of the Hierarchy ( of Demons ) .
There are no `` good witches '' and there is no `` white magic , '' though Hollywood would try to convince us otherwise . What is at stake is your soul . All magic is executed by the same demonic powers , though they would be happy for you to think otherwise . All magic is from the demonic , satanic realm , it is the apple of the garden , when Satan tells us `` we will not die , but be like gods . '' Little g gods , or demons . The spiritual power that the demons offer is real , but it exists only for the hurt , manipulation and control of others .
The following article assumes several basic truths.- There is only one God , the Father , and Jesus Christ his Son , who died on the cross so that our sins may be paid for , and so that we may have everlasting life with him upon our death , and God the Holy Spirit who indwells believers.- Satan and demons are very real , and there are many people on earth that have sold their souls for money , power , and fame , who are possessed by them.- All other religions , while part of culture and history , are in fact the doctrines of demons or man , and created to distract from the only truth and capture the souls of men.- The Bible is the inspired word of God and infallible , absolute truth , Old and New Testament.The last 100 years have seen a dramatic change in the values of the world , spearheaded by the culture creation of the United States and specifically Hollywood . Hollywood , or holly wood , is a reference to the wood a magician uses for their wand . Satan has moved in through a total onslaught in all realms of life knowing that his time is short , attacking through our senses , through music , movies , television , popular culture , internet and technology and all sorts of new ideas ( or doctrines of demons ) in psychology and new age religion . The 80 's song `` We built this city on Rock and Roll '' could not be closer to the truth , the demons have built Mystery Babylon on Rock and Roll and all that it ushered in . [ 1 ] The United States has gone from a nation that once included God , the Bible , and prayer in schools , to replacing those things with Harry Potter , a witchcraft manual , as required reading.In 2016 , the Star Wars movie released that year became the fastest movie to cross the one billion dollar mark . If we look back to the original release of Star Wars , we can see where things started to go astray . Before we open our minds to a new film , music , or any kind of media , we must be cautious . What is the source ? Is there an agenda ? What concepts are they trying to get across ? There is only one absolute truth in this world , and that is the Bible and God 's word , which says that we are not to set any evil thing before our eyes.Helena Blavatsky and Alice Bailey , two highly influential occultists of the early 1900 's , talked about the externalization of the hierarchy . We are witnessing that happening now . The hierarchy of spirits , or demonic spirits , is being revealed through popular culture and people of all ages are being pulled in and indoctrinated without even realizing it . Satan and his demons have time on their side in comparison to the relatively short life of us here on earth . They have made a strategy , and that strategy is to create a vacuum , where Christianity is first compromised , then they can fill the vacuum with their occult ( demonic ) doctrines , and in turn capture as many souls as possible . This is where we find ourselves in human history , where the concepts and ideas of the demons fill our popular entertainment , music , and media , and few even realize that they have been covertly , quietly , indoctrinated into the occult without even knowing it.Christianity has been beaten down through the abuses of the Roman Catholic Church , the watering down of conservative Christianity with the pollution of things like CCM , Contemporary Christian Music , prosperity doctrines , and all sorts of compromises that pastors are willing to make to fill the seats of their mega congregations . Through cross pollination of eastern ideas , Christian Yoga , new age ideas , and the idea that all religions are inspired from God . Evolution and modern psychology have done much to undermine children 's belief in God at an early age . We are taught that everything came from nothing , and we are nothing more than animals on our way to evolving into higher beings , and to question it is madness.God tells us that we are not to suffer a witch to live . God hates witchcraft and he does not want his people taking part in it . This is not because he wants to be mean , it is because he knows of the damage that they can do to his people . There is no white , or good magic , though many are deceived into thinking that there is such a thing . Those who dabble in wicca , or good magic are ignorant of the fact that the source of their power is actually Satan and his demons . If they pursue it long enough , they eventually figure out that truth .
Movies like Star Wars and Harry Potter exploit our ignorance of the occult world . They paint a picture that in every evil person there is a little good , and in every good person there is a little evil . This is a lie . God tells us that in him there is no shadow of turning , he is only good , and he would have us be like Him . Just like Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden , man continues to chose evil and rebellion over obedience to God on a daily basis . This is why we need a Savior . We do not realize just how poor , miserable , wretched and naked we truly are .
It is important to look upon the movies and ideas of today with spiritual discernment . The magic of Harry Potter has replaced the Bible . Children grow up with witches and wizards as their heroes , which have replaced the Biblical heroes in God 's word . Children are deprived of the Bible , which is the only way to a good life here on earth and an everlasting life upon death . Unsuspecting parents have no idea that this Satanic world really does exist , and is just waiting for their children to invite them into their lives .
Star Wars is futuristic witchcraft . `` The Force '' is a term witches used long ago . `` May the force be with you '' is not an original idea . The source of power for the Jedi 's in Star Wars is demonic , but they will not come out and call them that . In one of the recent movies , they measure the level of a Jedi 's power by the number of `` Midi-chlorians '' in his bloodstream . This is again tipping us off to the truth . The more demons a Jedi has , the more powerful they are . This is no different than those who practice in the occult or satanism . The more demons and the more powerful the demons , the higher a person ranks in the occult realm , until they are challenged and defeated by someone with stronger demons .
Satan is a master at advertising and branding . He re-brands his ideas once we catch on to them so that a new generation can be deceived . He uses the same old bait in a shiny new package . The question is , will we catch on to his tricks ?
Witchcraft Star Wars May the force be with you . May the force be with you . Power comes from Satan . Powers come from the Force . The more demons a witch has ,
the more powerful they are . The more `` midichlorians '' in the bloodstream of a Jedi , the more powerful they are . Mind control . Jedi Mind Trick . Levitation . Levitation . Supernatural abilities from the demons . Supernatural abilities from the force .
The X is Satan 's mark . So X-men are actually Satan 's men , or men wielding demonic powers . Satan offers those who choose him spiritual powers , but they only exist to further his plans to kill , steal and destroy . Satan lies and promises his followers that they will rule and reign with him after he has defeated God . This is a big joke , but the joke is on those who believe his lie .
Disney is possibly the biggest offender in leading people away from God at a young age . Disney offers a kind of `` occult lite '' initiation for children . Satan often wraps his hooks in pretty packages , and Disney 's magic is no different . In cute Disney movies , God is nowhere to be found , but magic is promoted as the solution to many problems . Children are indoctrinated at a young age to believe in magic and luck more than God and his word , which are entirely absent from the picture .
These movies serve Satan 's purposes of distracting us from the only thing in life that can truly bring us peace , joy , satisfaction , and eternal life . Satan is distracting people away from Jesus Christ . Jesus is the true hero of the ages , throughout all eternity , and these movies and mythologies only serve to confuse , distract , and mislead young minds and adults alike from worshiping the true King . Satan desires worship , and through the creation of a multitude of distractions , through movies , games , music , and entertainment that glorifies his values , we bestow our worship to him .
The sad reality of the world today is that many people may choose hell over relinquishing some of these things they grew up with and hold so dear . But God says , what fellowship has light with darkness ( 2 Corinthians 6:14 ) ? Come out of her my people and be ye separate ( 2 Corinthians 6:17 ) . The consequence of spending our time , money , and energy on these distractions is that we loose the peace that only the Prince of Peace , Jesus Christ , can provide . Satanic entertainment blurs and confuses our values , and as we get farther from the truth , demonic spirits of blindness , doubt , unbelief and Antichrist move in . It becomes harder and harder to see the real truth as we wade through the lies . We end up paying dearly for our entertainment , but many times we do not even make the connection that it is the true source of our problems . Now is the time to turn back to God and remove the things from our lives that do not glorify Him . Restoration , healing , and deliverance will come when we repent , turn from evil , and love and serve the Lord with all of our hearts .
[ 1 ] They Sold Their Souls for Rock n Roll - Good Fight Ministries 10 hr video .
On Monday night , one of this year 's most anticipated TV dramas used a minute and 26 seconds of airtime to show an elderly figurine collector descending a staircase and sitting on her couch . It was slow . It was dull . It was beige . It was also the purest expression yet of Better Call Saul 's dedication to patient pacing—a courageous storytelling approach that brings viewers into the agony of Jimmy McGill .
The problem of a prequel is that we know where it ends up . Jimmy will become Saul Goodman , the crafty and nimble strip-mall lawyer who has an angle for everything . This could deprive Better Call Saul of some tension : There 's none of the “ how will it end ? ” intrigue that helped make Breaking Bad so irresistible . And many TV creators would be fine with that . Saul is a spinoff . It 's not expected to match the greatness of its forebear . If the show were merely a vehicle for Bob Odenkirk 's ample talents , a way for us to learn more about a charming character and extend the Breaking Bad backstory , nobody would complain .
Advertisement
But Saul creators Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould are not satisfied to let this show be a companion piece . They understand that we 're all waiting for Saul Goodman to emerge , and they use that to enrich the story by making us feel the weight of the wait . In this respect , the Hummel collector 's descent down the stairs is a visual microcosm of the series ' preordained arc . Just as we know that Jimmy will transform into Saul , we know that the woman 's chair lift will reach the bottom of the stairs . Eventually . The question—both for this scene from “ Alpine Shepherd Boy ” and for Saul as a whole—is why we are made to watch the parts of the journey where nothing happens . And the answer is that “ nothing happens ” constitutes an essential part of Jimmy McGill 's experience right now . Saul intends to make us sympathize with that emptiness .
I have gone through stretches in my life where I was awaiting a transformation , anticipating the next thing I would become . I suspect many of you have , too . I left a decent job in television when I was 25 , with no clear idea of what I was going to do next . Over the next few years , I endured awful stand-up gigs , dalliances with ill-fated startup websites , a soul-sucking stint on the writing staff of a doomed HBO Sports comedy pilot , and other misfires . These are the stories I tell when people ask about that stretch of my life .
They 're not the stories that define that searching period for me , though . Instead , what I recall most vividly are the days where nothing happened . When there were no freelance commissions , no comedy shows on the calendar , no purpose . I remember calling up people to interview them for my little “ geek culture ” blog that nobody read , and as I dialed , I would feel sweat drip down my face—not because I was nervous , but because I was so desperate for the effort to yield anything of substance . I just wanted a respite from the numbing nothingness .
Advertisement
So does Jimmy McGill . Unlike us , he does n't know the specifics of his future life , but he 's aware that he has the potential to be something more than a no-account lawyer on the fringes of the Albuquerque legal community . The hardest part , especially for someone like Jimmy who thrives when he 's thinking on his feet , is enduring all the nothingness that takes place in the meantime .
Later in the Hummel figurine scene , after Jimmy 's client completes her 86-second journey to the sofa , she resumes her inordinately complex discussion of who will get which tchotchkes after she dies . “ No matter what , I want the towheaded twins to go to Reverend Lawrence 's grandson , ” she says . Jimmy immediately pushes back : “ Do n't you mean Reverend Hanes ? Lawrence 's grandson is going to get the lute-playing angel , because he was in the choir. ” The scene pivots on this exchange . Until now , we have assumed that Jimmy is bored and maybe a bit disdainful , which is probably true . But he has also maintained his focus to such an extent that he knows this woman 's cockamamie estate plans even better than she does . Jimmy does n't succumb to the boredom , he overcomes it .
Advertisement
Think how differently the scene would play out if it had started later , with the client already seated on the sofa , nattering on about this and that figurine . Jimmy would still come off as an engaged and attentive lawyer , but we would have much less sense of the determined mental discipline he exerts to stay on task . We would n't get to watch him fidget and struggle to maintain a professional air as that chair lift whirrred down the stairwell . More importantly , we would n't experience that irritated anticipation ourselves . Suffering alongside Jimmy helps us understand Jimmy .
In her A.V . Club review of “ Alpine Shepherd Boy , ” the venerable Donna Bowman argues that a montage of meetings with Albuquerque kooks would have been a better fit here than the Hummel figurine scene . That is a defensible choice , and it would have been fun to watch . But before he got to the Hummel lady , Jimmy already encountered two amusing crazies : a right-winger who wants to secede from the United States and a dad who invented an unintentionally erotic potty-training aid . What more would we learn about Jimmy McGill if Better Call Saul had him roll his eyes at another handful of lunatics ? The joke had already been made . A montage is what the viewer naturally desires here ( which is likely one reason Gilligan et al . avoided it ) , but it would say nothing new .
Besides , a montage compresses time , which is a dishonest portrayal of Jimmy 's experience at this point in his story . Nothingness dilates time . It seems to fill your life with extra minutes of doubt and desperation . This is what Better Call Saul compels us to understand when it lingers on a ludicrous absence of activity . We have already seen , in Breaking Bad and in parts of Saul , how Jimmy/Saul responds to a swirling crisis . In scenes like this one , we get to see how our hero responds to idleness , which presents a distinct set of challenges . The Hummel scene is the sort of choice that TV creators are only able to make after they have the credibility of a Breaking Bad-type success under their belt . It thrills me that Better Call Saul 's producers use this freedom to make emotionally honest choices that may irritate us but nonetheless draw us closer to their main character .
Advertisement
Major life changes rarely occur with a bang . More often , they are slow transitions characterized by maddening stretches of inertia . Better Call Saul finds the beautiful misery in those lulls . You think it 's frustrating to wait for Jimmy McGill to transform into Saul Goodman ? Imagine how Jimmy feels . But that 's the brilliance of this show : You do n't have to imagine it . You get to feel it for yourself .
February had a lot of blockbuster game releases , but that was n't enough to match spending from last year .
Consumers spent $ 842.5 million on new physical gaming products at United States retailers during the four-week period from January 31 through February 27 , according to industry-tracking firm The NPD Group . That 's down 12 percent from $ 960.3 million year-over-year . That 's largely because of a tough comparison to February 2015 that included Nintendo debuting the New 3DS XL along with The Legend of Zelda : Majora 's Mask 3D . This year , February had no such hardware launch , and games like Street Fighter V could n't make up the difference .
“ In February 2016 , decreases in hardware spending as well as new physical software spending led to an overall decrease in physical spending of $ 118 million , ” NPD analyst Liam Callahan said .
Hardware sales were the biggest drag . They were down 23 percent year-over-year from $ 378.2 million to $ 292.2 million . Sony and Microsoft have both cut the price of their home consoles , and unlike last year , Nintendo did n't have a 3DS launch .
“ The main cause of the decrease was portable hardware , which dropped by 58 percent , or $ 48 million , due to a difficult comparison to the launch of Nintendo 's new 3DS in February 2015 , ” said Callahan . “ Console hardware sales suffered due to the dramatic drop off of 23 percent as both [ current- and last-generation ] consoles experienced declines . ”
Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii sales dropped by 77 percent . PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , and Wii U , meanwhile , dropped by 6 percent .
Software did n't do much better . Consumers spent $ 303.9 million in February , which is down 10 percent $ 338.9 million from the same period in 2015 .
“ Despite the success of some February 2016 new launches relative to their predecessors , collectively , new launches sold 4 percent less in dollars and 12 percent fewer units than those of February 2015 , ” said Callahan .
While Far Cry and Street Fighter could n't handle Evolve and Majora 's Mask 3D , most of the decline came from Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 . Software sales for these obsolete consoles dropped 52 percent . Portable software was also down 30 percent .
The NPD report is only a small slice of a wider market . This data only takes into account new physical games sold at retailers in the United States . That means no Japan , no Europe , no mobile games , and nothing digital . NPD is providing only a small , helpful glimpse at a dynamic market that is difficult to pin down .
But with that out of the way , let 's get to the charts .
Software
Far Cry : Primal ( PS4 , Xbox One ) Call of Duty : Black Ops III ( Xbox One , PS4 , 360 , PS3 , PC ) Grand Theft Auto V ( PS4 , Xbox One , 360 , PS3 , PC ) Naruto Shippuden : Ultimate Ninja Storm ( PS4 , Xbox One ) NBA 2K16 ( PS4 , Xbox One , 360 , PS3 ) Lego Marvel Avengers ( PS4 , 360 , Xbox One , Wii U , PS3 , 3DS , Vita ) Street Fighter V ( PS4 ) Minecraft ( 360 , Xbox One , PS4 , PS3 ) Fire Emblem Fates : Birthright ( 3DS ) Fallout 4 ( PS4 , Xbox One , PC )
Far Cry , Fire Emblem , Naruto , and Street Fighter were the big new releases in February . Nintendo 's 3DS strategy game Fire Emblem : Fates made the chart despite having its sales split up between three different boxed versions at retail . Fire Emblem : Birthright , which Nintendo positioned as the best entry point to the series , came in at No . 9 . But it likely also did well thanks to its Conquest version and the hard-to-find Collector 's Edition .
“ If sales for Fire Emblem Fates : Birthright , Fire Emblem Fates : Conquest , and the special edition for Fire Emblem Fates were combined , this title would have ranked third for new physical software sales , ” said Callahan . “ The combined first month sales of Fire Emblem Fates would more than triple the first month sales of the next-highest game within the franchise , Fire Emblem : Awakening . ”
Naruto Shippuden : Ultimate Ninja Warrior showed that the anime franchise still has a huge fan base that wants more content involving their favorite orange fighter . Insanely , Naruto was the top-selling game on PlayStation 4 in February . And Street Fighter V did well despite not launching for Xbox One .
But February 's big winner is Ubisoft with the release of Far Cry : Primal . The open-world survival game did its part to help publisher Ubisoft finish fiscal 2016 with an influx of cash . That trend should continue into March with Tom Clancy 's The Division .
“ Ubisoft 's Far Cry : Primal was the top game of February 2016 with greater sales than Far Cry 4 when adjusted for the number of days the games sold within their respective launch months , ” said Callahan .
Before we get to the rest of the chart , let 's point out a few interesting tidbits and outliers .
Sony 's PlayStation 4 continues to dominate in terms of software sales . Sony Computer Entertainment America confirmed to GamesBeat that the PlayStation platform led in terms of games sales in February . We can see that in the parentheticals in the software chart where the PS4 is listed before Xbox One by games like Far Cry and GTA V. This indicates those games made more money on the Sony system . This makes sense considering the PS4 's larger owner base , but Call of Duty : Black Ops III selling best on Xbox One ( the list does n't include bundled software ) shows that games can still do just fine on Microsoft 's device .
Another interesting point is that sci-fi shooter Star Wars : Battlefront has dropped off the list . The game had legs through January following a lot of buzz for the Star Wars : The Force Awakens film , but that has n't lasted . It looks like publisher Electronic Arts still has n't found its Call of Duty .
One last point , a lot of the new games on the chart have stopped listing physical PC versions even though they are available for PC . Far Cry : Primal , Lego Marvel Avengers , and Street Fighter V did n't sell any physical Windows discs at U.S. retailers , according to the NPD . Distributing PC games through brick-and-mortar outlets may soon be extinct .
Outside of all that , February was the return of some familiar blockbusters . We already mentioned Call of Duty , which debuted in November , but Grand Theft Auto V is still in the top three despite first launching all the way back in 2013 . Of course , that 's nothing compared to Minecraft , which I first played in 2009 .
Hardware
As usual , Microsoft , Sony , and Nintendo are stingy with the numbers regarding their gaming systems . We 've reached out to each company for a comment about their consoles performed , and we 'll update this post with any statements .
Sony was the first to respond . It confirmed that , once again , PlayStation 4 was the top selling console . This puts it ahead of Microsoft 's Xbox One and Nintendo 's Wii U and 3DS . No one shared any specific numbers .
Here 's Sony 's statement :
“ We would like to thank our fans and partners for making PlayStation 4 the top-selling hardware platform and the software sales leader in February , according to NPD . We continued to see strong year-over-year sales growth for PS4 hardware and software and are truly humbled by the support and enthusiasm from gamers . ”
Microsoft provided even less clarity :
“ “ The unmatched lineup of games available on Xbox One continues to generate a strong response from gamers as seen through global Xbox Live engagement and exclusive game sales . Compared to February 2015 , exclusive Xbox One U.S. game sales drove a 49 percent increase and the total number of hours spent gaming on Xbox One worldwide rose 93 percent . ”
Nintendo 's NPD statement did not include any information about hardware .
Russia is back in the top ranks of military spenders .
The country boosted its military spending to $ 69.2 billion in 2016 , according to a new report from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) . The 5.9 % increase landed Russia behind only the United States and China in the ranking of top spenders .
Russian President Vladimir Putin unveiled plans in 2011 to spend more than 20 trillion rubles ( $ 360 billion ) to modernize his country 's antiquated military equipment by 2025 .
Putin 's plans were interrupted by Russia 's deep economic crisis and a collapse in the value of the ruble in 2015 . With spending depressed , Russia slipped behind Saudi Arabia and into fourth place in the ranking .
The Russian economy now appears to have turned a corner . After a lengthy recession , it returned to growth in the final quarter of 2016 .
The country is making up for lost time : Military spending made up 5.3 % of its economy in 2016 , the largest share of production since Russia became an independent state in 1991 .
Russia is active in the conflict in Syria , and it maintains military installations in the country . The U.S. and European Union both imposed sanctions on Russia after it annexed Crimea in 2014 .
With Russia resurgent , spending by countries in central Europe jumped by 2.4 % in 2016 .
`` The growth in spending by many countries in central Europe can be partly attributed to the perception of Russia posing a greater threat , '' said Siemon Wezeman , a senior researcher at SIPRI .
Saudi Arabia , meanwhile , slumped to fourth in the 2016 rankings after it cut military spending by $ 25.8 billion .
The country is currently engaged in a conflict in Yemen . But SIPRI said that many oil producers , including the de facto OPEC leader , were forced to reduce military spending because of a collapse in oil prices .
Related : How NATO is funded and who pays what
The U.S. remained the world 's biggest military spender in 2016 , with total expenditure growing by 1.7 % to reach $ 611 billion . It was the first annual increase after five consecutive declines , the report said .
China was the runner-up with $ 215 billion in outlays . Its 5.4 % growth rate was much lower than in previous years , SIPRI said .
The Swedish think tank said that global military spending increased to $ 1.7 trillion in 2016 . Outlays grew in Asia , Europe and North Africa , but fell in the Middle East and South America .
I 'll admit that git sometime baffles me , and I muddle my way through it . That is n't to say that I do n't like using it , or it 's not valuable , just that I do n't have an encyclopedic knowledge of everything about git . However , an opportunity recently came up to expand my knowledge of git :
I have been trying to make some more open source contributions recently . For one of the projects , I had to make some minor changes to the web.config and csproj files in order to get it working on my local machine . No big deal , except that these are changes that I do n't want to commit to my fork , and certainly not to the upstream project .
What I could do is simply copy these changes into a text file somewhere , merge with the upstream project , and then copy/paste the changes so I could go back to work . That 's an okay workaround , but it turns out that using git stash might be a better solution . git stash simply takes all the changes to files and stores them `` away '' into a stash list .
Here 's an example , starting with the two files that I modified to get the site working , but do n't want to actually commit :
Now , I 'll stash everything by using `` git stash '' . After a git stash , if you type `` git status '' , you 'll see that the working directory is `` clean '' : no pending changes . If you then type `` git stash list '' , you 'll see a list of all your stashes ( which is just one , right now ) .
So , now that my working directory is clear , I can go ahead and , say , `` git merge upstream '' or something like that without any problem . Once that merge is done , I can bring back the changes with `` git stash apply '' or , more explicity , `` git stash apply [ email protected ] { 0 } '' , bringing back my working changes .
So that 's kinda convenient and way quicker than the whole text file/copy/paste deal .
P.S . If you are struggling with Git , I recommend checking out Git Immersion . It 's quick and easy , and I guarantee you that you 'll start to see the benefits of using git .
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Here we are , August 6th , 2012 , and Shane Doan is still a free agent . With nearly every other big name unrestricted free agent off the market , Doan is clearly the crown jewel of the NHL UFA 's still available . Doan has been waiting for a resolution on the Phoenix ownership situation , but as we know the Coyotes ownership situation is the story that does n't end .
While I do n't doubt that Shane Doan would prefer to stay in Phoenix , at 36-years old , he might be looking for long-term security , too . At this point , does anyone believe that Phoenix can offer that type of security ? I think that even someone as loyal as Doan should be having doubts , and rumors are swirling that Shane Doan has narrowed down his list of possible destinations to three teams : the Pittsburgh Penguins , the New York Rangers , and the Vancouver Canucks . I believe that Vancouver is the team that has the most to gain by adding Doan , and that the city is the best landing spot for him .
There is little doubt as to who the leaders and best two players are on the Canucks . The Sedin twins are undoubtedly amongst the best players in the NHL . However , they will also turn 32-years old before the start of next season . The prime of their careers is winding down . Sure they will still be good players for more than a few years , but we must ask how much longer they will be at their absolute best . If the Canucks are going to continue to rely on the twins , the time to win with them is right here , right now .
The Canucks team , and the Sedins specifically , have long been criticized for their lack of toughness and for what has been perceived as poor playoff performances . Personally I think these criticisms are unfair . The twins have put up impressive numbers in the playoffs ; Daniel has 46 points in his last 49 playoff games while Henrik has 51 points in his last 52 games . Would anyone argue that a point-per-game is n't enough offence in the playoffs ? As for the toughness argument , they are point producers . The list of skilled offensive players who do n't drop the gloves often is long and filled with the greatest names in the history of the sport . Quite simply it is n't their job to be pugilists . I 've never seen the twins shy away from playing in the corners or getting to the front of the net . Their offensive game is based on puck-control and playing the best cycle game in the NHL . They control the puck down low and the twins are not afraid to get into dirty areas and take the abuse that comes with it .
Now let 's turn our attention to Doan . As a RW there is an opening for him to play with the twins . His game is that of a pure power forward ; he is a strong force on the boards and in front of the net . He 's also a pure goal scorer . In many ways his talents would fit like a glove with Daniel and Henrik . Meanwhile , he would be the tough , physically punishing player that the Sedin line has lacked . He would be able to play bodyguard for the twins while not sacrificing at all in the skill department . Doan is gritty , a warrior , and above all he is a leader . Doan is the type of heart and soul player who could inspire the Canucks when they need it most , bringing them the last piece to get over the hump .
So where does this leave Alex Burrows ? As the regular linemate of the Sedins and a player who has had great success with them , would n't bumping him out of that spot be a problem ? No . Burrows also has chemistry with Ryan Kesler . He could seamlessly move into the second line and create a dynamic two-way duo with Kesler . This line would be amongst the best shutdown lines in the NHL , and would also provide offence at the other end of the rink . Win-win , right ?
And what Doan 's needs ? How is Vancouver the best fit ? Well , Doan will be 36-years old before the start of next season . He is clearly on the downside of his career . This season he made it to the conference finals for the first time in his career . At his age , its unclear how many good years he has left . If he is going to win the Stanley Cup before he retires , it 's time to play for a contender now . Who better than the Canucks , a team that has won their division three straight years , and the defending back-to-back President 's trophy winners ? In each of the last three years the Canucks have lost to the eventual Stanley Cup Champions . They are close , and have been able to keep their core together . Playing in the Northwest division , the Canucks should continue to dominate for the immediate future . Meanwhile the Penguins and Rangers will be involved in the 4-way war that is the Atlantic Division . The gruelling battles in that division , and the number of other contenders there , make emerging from that hell-hole a tougher proposition , and advancing to the Finals very difficult . Quite simply the Canucks would provide Doan the best chance to win , and win now .
So what needs to happen for this union to take place ? The Canucks must clear room for Doan . They currently have less than $ 2.5 million in cap space , and I think it 's safe to say that more space will be needed to sign Shane Doan . The simplest way would be to move Roberto Luongo to create that room . Replacing Luongo with a much cheaper backup to Corey Schneider would create the space necessary to sign Shane Doan .
This move just makes too much sense for all the parties involved , so of course , I predict it wo n't happen… . even though it should .
Feel free to leave your comments below and follow me on Twitter @ LastWordBkerr
FRISCO , Texas -- Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said the lawsuit he is considering filing against the NFL and other owners has nothing to do with how he believes Ezekiel Elliott was treated after the league 's investigation into an accusation of domestic violence .
While not pleased that Elliott has been suspended for six games after the running back 's latest legal battle fell short , Jones ' bigger issue is with the compensation committee 's negotiations over commissioner Roger Goodell 's new contract .
`` I basically feel this extension of Roger should go and be reviewed and approved by all the owners , not just a few of the owners , '' Jones said Friday on 105.3 The Fan in Dallas . `` The committee that basically negotiates the salary with our commissioner is taking the view , especially the chairman , that they , in a limited group , can complete this agreement . I disagree .
`` This is simply about making sure that all clubs have input into not only the commissioner [ and ] his extension , but also in future years , his decisions , '' Jones continued . `` We all see how impactful a commissioner 's decision can be in many areas . We 've given him a lot of power . I think we need the checks and balances of ownership having to actually be in a position to not just suggest but approve of his decisions . So that 's what this is about . ''
`` Every owner should be able to have , relative to the commissioner 's pay , the discretion of hiring him or not hiring him . Every owner should shake his hand and look him in the eye . '' Jerry Jones , Cowboys owner
Jones said his feelings about the Elliott decision are separate from those concerning the Goodell negotiations .
`` The facts are , the issues that involve the commissioner are far more reaching , '' Jones told the Cowboys ' flagship network . `` I 've been dealing with this commissioner for almost 28 years , as an employee of the NFL . Zeke 's been involved here a year , a year-and-a-half . Those are really separate issues as to Zeke . The policy that we have that has impacted Zeke is more of my issue with the commissioner , more so than Zeke 's particular circumstance . ''
Elliott has a chance to regain eligibility at a Dec. 1 appeal hearing for a preliminary injunction in front of the 2nd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals . Without the injunction , Elliott will not be in uniform again until Dec. 24 against the Seattle Seahawks .
Jones has consistently supported Elliott since the domestic violence accusation was brought to light in the summer of 2016 . Jones said during training camp that he did not expect Elliott to be suspended and that there was no domestic violence involved .
`` I 'm disappointed when he 's not going to play , '' Jones said Friday . `` It 's what it is . That 's not being resolute . It 's just simply , it 's what it is . I really fervently disagree that we should n't have him on the playing field . ''
Jones does not believe the NFL should supersede legal authorities . Elliott was not charged by Columbus , Ohio , authorities because of inconsistent testimony and evidence . Per the NFL 's personal conduct policy , a player does not need to be punished by the law to face discipline from the league .
During Friday 's interview , Jones was asked about Article 46 of the collective bargaining agreement and the commissioner 's power in meting out discipline .
`` I 'd like to completely take this commissioner 's name out of my response , '' Jones said . `` To a large degree , it 's not about Roger Goodell . It 's about the power of the commissioner as it relates to ownership . To the extent that the ownership hires him , extends him , pays him on an ongoing basis , the ownership should have firsthand approval . Each owner should approve that .
`` There 's an old adage , for instance , in politics that , if you 're going to give a candidate some money , you should n't have that done by somebody in between you and the candidate -- by some kind of intermediary . You should hand him the money and look him straight in the eye so he knows you did it . And consequently , every owner should be able to have , relative to the commissioner 's pay , the discretion of hiring him or not hiring him . Every owner should shake his hand and look him in the eye . ''
Nancy Lanza may have legally bought a gun from Riverview Gun Sales in Connecticut .
The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms has permanently revoked the federal firearms license of East Windsor , Conn. , gun store owner David LaGuercia , whose shop , photographed in December 2012 , reportedly sold guns used in the Newtown school massacre and a second Connecticut mass shooting . ( Photo : John Moore , Getty Images ) Story Highlights Connecticut gun shop reportedly legally sold guns used in the Sandy Hook shooting
License was first revoked Dec. 20 and the 60-day time frame to appeal has expired
In December , gun shop owner was `` absolutely appalled '' to learn a gun he sold may have been used
WHITE PLAINS , N.Y. -- The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms has permanently revoked the federal firearms license of East Windsor , Conn. , gun store owner David LaGuercia , whose shop reportedly sold guns used in the Newtown , Conn. , school massacre and a second Connecticut mass shooting .
ATF spokeswoman Deb Seifert told The ( Westchester County , N.Y. ) Journal News on Thursday that the agency permanently revoked LaGuercia 's license to sell firearms , but said she could not be more specific on the reasons . It was revoked Dec. 20 and the 60-day time frame to appeal has expired .
`` It 's been revoked , '' Seifert said . `` It 's final at this point . ''
STORY : Conn. governor signs USA 's toughest gun law
Seifert declined to comment on any criminal investigation into Riverview Gun Sales , which ATF agents raided in December , days after the Dec. 14 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School left 26 dead . She referred questions on any criminal probe to U.S. Attorney 's office spokesman Tom Carson , who could not be reached for comment Thursday .
Citing anonymous sources , The Hartford Courant has reported that the guns used in the Newtown massacre , including a Bushmaster rifle , and the mass shooting at Hartford Distributors Inc. in 2010 that left eight dead were both bought legally at LaGuercia 's gun shop .
On Thursday , Connecticut Gov . Dannel Malloy signed the nation 's most far-reaching gun control bill . The bill establishes the nation 's first statewide registry for people convicted of crimes involving dangerous weapons .
Shawn Cavana looks into the closed Riverview Gun Sales shop on Dec. 21 in East Windsor , Conn . The ATF announced that it had permanently revoked the federal firearms license of owner David LaGuercia . ( Photo : John Moore , Getty Images )
LaGuercia could not be reached for comment Thursday at the store , which continues to sell ammunition , clothes and other accessories , according to a female employee , who declined to give her name .
In December , LaGuercia said in a statement that he was `` absolutely appalled '' to learn that a gun he sold to Nancy Lanza may have been used by her son , Adam , in the Newtown massacre .
`` There is nothing more devastating than the loss of a child , and I am absolutely appalled that the product that was sold several years ago would be used in this type of crime , '' he said in the statement at the time . `` Our hearts go out to the victims ' families and , as a father of three , I know firsthand of a parent 's loss and it 's the worst nightmare .
`` We are cooperating with law enforcement in their efforts to get to the bottom of this senseless tragedy , '' he said .
Contributing : John Bacon and Doug Stanglin , USA TODAY
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/17fzOoP
The first segment , covering the years 1845-1875 can be found here .
And without further adieu , the truly bizarre baseball that took place between 1876-1884 :
August 4 , 1876 :
“ Louisville , trailing Chicago by a wide margin with rain threatening in the 5th , decides to stall . They make error after error until the umpire forfeits the game to Chicago . The contest would later be ruled `` no game . ”
And all I can think of is this scene from The Naked Gun . ( Skip ahead to 6:18 for the relevant section . )
August 12 , 1876 :
“ The versatile Cal McVey has the unusual distinction of both pitching and catching in a 5-0 win over Cincinnati . ”
I know this is n't what they mean , but I ca n't stop imagining Cal McVey lobbing the ball to home and then sprinting behind the plate in time to catch it . Kind of like when I used to play football by myself in the backyard .
October 6 , 1876 :
“ Louisville closes out its season with an 11-2 loss to Hartford . Jim Devlin , injured severely during yesterday 's game , does not pitch or the first time this season . He will still lead the league in games ( 68 ) , complete games ( 66 ) , and innings pitched ( 622 ) .
And in this day and age , we consider Livan Hernandez to be a workhorse . We should be ashamed .
November 30 , 1877 :
`` At Boston 's South End Fair , Andy Leonard wins a gold watch valued at $ 300 for being voted the league 's `` Most Popular Player . ”
No word on the prizes for the player “ Most Likely to Succeed ” or “ Class Clown . ”
August 26 , 1878 :
“ The Manchester IA club plays an exhibition game at the state reform school , and during the game their dressing room is robbed of jewelry and $ 48 in cash . ”
Should this not have been expected ?
December 5 , 1879 :
“ The NL adopts a rule allowing a club to suspend a player for the remainder of one season and the entire following season for drunkenness or insubordination . ”
and June 2 , 1880 :
“ Buffalo fines 1B Oscar Walker $ 50 for breaking his temperance pledge . ”
David Wells and Wade Boggs are thankful these rules are no longer in use .
May 22 , 1880 :
“ In Albany 's Riverside Park , Lip Pike hits a ball over the wall and into the river , RF Lou Knight begins to go after the ball in a boat but gives up . Few parks have ground rules about giving the batter an automatic HR on a hit over the fence . ”
I have so many questions : Lou Knight already had a boat at the ready for a moment like this ? And did he think he could get in the boat , retrieve the ball , and get it back into the infield before Lip Pike scored ? How slowly did Lip Pike run ? And was this the only ball the team had to play ?
May 31 , 1880 :
“ Providence captain Mike McGeary , who has played poorly , is given a `` 30-day vacation ” by the club . The team has a disappointing 8-7 record as 20-year-old Monte Ward takes over as captain. “
Political correctness in 1880 .
March 8 , 1881 :
`` The owners vote to stop giving refunds or rain checks for postponed games . ”
With the rampant collusion that lead to the reserve system , teams releasing players to avoid paying salaries at the end of the year , and cutting players who refuse to play until their back salaries are paid , the owners already were fairly despicable . With this move they look more like this :
( Via )
June 24 , 1881 :
“ Returning home from a long road trip , the Chicago White Stockings unveil new lavender uniforms , much to the amusement of the press . ”
My kingdom for a color photograph .
May 5 , 1882 :
“ Cap Anson is called out for walking back to his base after a foul ball , instead of running , as the rule specifies . This rule will be amended at the end of the year . ”
The sports talk telegram network must have been blowing up over this blatant disrespect for the game .
September 28 , 1882 :
“ Six dedicated Worcester ‘ cranks ' ( fans ) , the smallest 'crowd ' in ML history , show up to watch the club lose to Troy 4-1 . The next day the number of spectators is 25 . Worcester loses again to their fellow lame-duck team . ”
Hey , the Marlins have good company !
April 24 , 1883 :
“ In a fit of depression , journeyman player Terry Larkin shoots his wife and a policeman and then attempts to commit suicide . Failing , he tries again the next day . Both his wife and the policeman survive . Larkin will play for several teams in 1884 before retiring . ”
I 'm assuming this is just confusing wording , but did he attempt to kill the policeman and his wife a second time ? And who would hire him to play baseball for two more seasons ?
April 2 , 1884 :
“ The AA eliminates the rule allowing batters hit by pitchers to go to 1B , instead giving umpires the authority to fine offending pitchers between $ 5 and $ 10 . ”
They left out that the money was then used for a post-game pizza party .
July 4 , 1884 :
“ Boston ( UA ) 2B Tom O'Brien gets 5 hits , including a ball which disappears into a dirt heap and can not be dug out in time to prevent O'Brien from circling the bases . Thanks in part to the groundskeeper ( or lack thereof ) Boston whips Kansas City 23-3 . ”
There was also a dog that buried the ball because he thought it was a bone , and an ice cream vendor came by so the game had to be stopped while all the players bought rocket pops .
July 11 , 1884 :
“ P William 'Bolliky Bill ' Taylor , who deserted St. Louis ( UA ) …wins his first outing for Philadelphia 's Athletics ( AA ) , a 5-2 four hitters vs. Toledo . ”
I could n't find an exact definition , but 'Bollicky ' is apparently slang for “ completely naked. ” I 'm sure he was a cutup in the locker room , that Bolliky Bill .
August 5 , 1884 :
“ The ML debut of Chicago ( NL ) deaf-mute P Thomas Lynch goes well until the 8th , when his arm gives out . When the umpire refuses to allow Lynch to leave the game , Lynch switches positions with Cap Anson , who proceeds to surrender 5 runs and lose the game to Cleveland 8-5 . Lynch , the 2nd deaf-mute in ML history , will never play another game . ”
What a perfectly dreadful and depressing story .
December 11 , 1884 :
“ The AA votes to keep its ban on overhand pitching and to continue to allow fouls caught on the first bounce to count as outs . It does abolish the tradition of team captains flipping for the honor of batting first . Now the home team will automatically bat first . ”
This announcement came a month after the National League voted to allow overhand pitching , but the pitchers were required to keep both feet on the ground to limit velocity and batters still got to call where they wanted the pitches thrown . If you wonder how pitchers like Old Hoss Radbourn did it , this is how . Baseball was not truly baseball yet .
And some of the best team names that should be brought back : Live Oaks , Alleghenies , Champion City 9 , Milwaukee Cream Citys , Hop Bitters of Rochester . I 'm quite fond of the Hop Bitters .
1885-1890 comes next week .
If you have kids or little brothers and sisters , you 've probably seen ' Frozen ' ohhh a thousand times by now . But , even if you can sing `` Let It Go '' forwards and backwards in your sleep , you still might not know everything there is to know about Disney 's biggest animated movie ever .
For example , did you know that there is a hidden Mickey Mouse in 'Frozen ' ? Or , that it took a team of 600 animators over 3 MILLION hours to make this movie ? These are just some of the little known bits of trivia packed into the latest episode of You Think You Know Movies , which focuses on Disney 's modern classic 'Frozen ' .
'You Think You Know Movies ? ' is a ScreenCrush original series that dives deep into the cinematic worlds of your favorite movies and freeze frames a few tidbits you might not have known . We 've already tackled ' Star Wars , ' ' The Avengers ' and ' Spider-Man , ' but now it 's time to focus our attention on that one movie you just ca n't get enough of watching over and over and over ( and over ... ) again .
For more cold hard truth on 'Frozen ' , chill out and watch the latest video ! You 'll have a real ice time ! ( OK , we 'll cool it with the 'Frozen ' puns , we promise . )
Watch more installments of 'You Think You Know Movies ' below , and let us know in the comments what movies we should cover next .
In a perfect collegiate world , students do n't stress over finals week and everyone has excellent self-discipline when it comes to saying “ no ” to distractions and “ yes ” to focus . Unfortunately , finals week is one of the most stressing parts of the college experience . And if you 're anything like me , you have the attention span of a 4-year-old .
Have you been scurrying from the noisy library , to the over-crowded bookstore , and from the distracting coffee shop to another inconvenient place of study ? Maybe it 's time for you to choose an unconventional location for studying this season . Why not study in your restroom ?
In December of 2011 , Follett Higher Education Group and Research Now joined forces to conduct surveyed research on college study habits . The results showed that many students admitted to studying in the restroom , among other “ strange ” locations . Could this be one secret to academic success that no one wants to openly admit ?
The bathroom is quiet and convenient , and usually a pretty sanitary area , depending on how important cleanliness is to you . And if you ever you need to take a bathroom break , you 're already there !
Many researchers have also found that some toilet seats are cleaner than many computer keyboards . However , I still would n't recommend bringing a study snack to your study session .
Whether you 're soaking in a warm relaxing bath with your notes in one hand , or sitting on the toilet seat is up to you . Taking your business to the bathroom may be exactly what you need to avoid unwanted distractions and conquer you final exams . Even if National Bathroom Reading Month is n't until June , celebrate a little early by pulling out that history textbook .
The perfect studying spot could be waiting right under your nose , or better yet , right under your buttocks .
With the game seemingly in hand , the Boston Bruins ' Dennis Seidenberg tangled up with the Ottawa Senators ' Cory Conacher . As a result , Seidenberg tore the ACL and MCL in his right knee , effectively ending the defenesman 's season and leaving a gaping hole in the Bruins defensive corps . Seidenberg underwent surgery last week and is expected to be ready for the start of next season , but in the meantime , how do the Bruins replace Seidenberg ?
Dennis Seidenberg has a veteran presence that you ca n't just go out on the market and find everyday and his two-way play will be sorely missed , especially come playoff time . Bruins head coach Claude Julien said about replacing Seidenberg ,
“ You do n't replace guys like [ Seidenberg ] . You just make sure you buckle down , play your game as best you can and , as a group , you hope if everybody does that it covers for that loss . ”
For now the Bruins have been getting by with young skaters like Kevan Miller , David Warsofsky , and even Zach Trotman for one game . Miller and Warsofsky have done an admirable job , but it 's clear that the Bruins need some sort of veteran blue liner if they want to repeat as Eastern Conference champions .
A name out there on the trade market is the New York Rangers ' Dan Girardi . Girardi , an alternate captain for the Rangers , has been a very solid player for the Rangers and he is in the final year of his contract . You 'd think that he 'd be a great fit with the Bruins , but you 'd be wrong .
First and foremost , the ransom would be quite costly for the Bruins . The New York Post 's Larry Brooks said that the Rangers should ask for “ No less than whomever the Rangers ' staff has identified as the Bruins ' top prospect up front and one of their two top prospects on defense , plus a draft choice. ” You 'd have to think the Rangers would want Matt Bartkowski , possibly someone like Ryan Spooner , and a draft pick . Girardi is in the last year of his contract , so , it 's no guarantee that he would play for the Bruins beyond this season . You ca n't mortgage the future on someone like Dan Girardi , its not a great idea .
Perhaps the price would be a little more lenient for another team other than the Bruins , but the price would be simply too much for Boston . The Rangers are only in ninth place in the Eastern Conference , they can still get in , especially with Henrik Lundqvist in net , and you do n't want the Bruins to be helping them by giving them some young talented players .
If the Bruins were to acquire Girardi , it would n't really change much for the Bruins anyway . With Seidenberg out , the Bruins now just have one capable left shot defenseman , Zdeno Chara , and a young lefty in Torey Krug . If anything , the Bruins need more help on the right side than on the left . Seidenberg was a guy who was able to play on any side of the ice , but right now , the Bruins are in an unfamiliar position .
Adding Girardi would not solve anything to the Bruins problem on the left side . The Bruins ca n't just plug in Dougie Hamilton onto the left side , he 's played on the right in juniors and in the NHL . Hamilton is still a young player and as the Bruins make a run , they would be taking a huge risk by throwing Hamilton into uncharted waters . Johnny Boychuk would n't be much better either on the left side . He played on the left with Adam McQuaid last week and his error led to a goal by the Los Angeles Kings .
There are other options at defenseman on the market than Dan Girardi . The Bruins could go out and acquire some cheaper options like former Bruin and current Winnipeg Jet Mark Stuart . With the Winnipeg Jets falling further and further out of the picture and with a new head coach , the team could very well part with some players and why not Mark Stuart ? Another option could be the Carolina Hurricanes ' Ron Hainsey who has spent time playing under Claude Julien when Julien was the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens . Hanisey would fit in perfectly with Julien 's defensive style of playcalling .
The Bruins should do something to shore up their defense , but Dan Girardi is not the Bruins answer to their problems .
Do you think the Bruins should make a run for Dan Girardi ? Comment below or send me a Tweet , @ MarkWGraham .
In November , when the Internal Revenue Service finally stirred itself to propose a modest crackdown on the abuse of the tax code by political groups , it was immediately attacked by tax-exempt nonprofit groups on the right . That was n't too surprising ; secret donations from conservatives to these groups are the principal reason American politics is now dominated by those with huge bank accounts .
But now liberal tax-exempt groups are also raising their voice in protest over the I.R.S . 's plans , afraid that they will be caught in the same crackdown , and will be unable to engage in political activity . The best thing the I.R.S . can do is to ignore both sides and proceed swiftly ahead , making its proposed rules even stronger to squeeze the influence of money out of politics .
The problem of secret money began in 2010 , with the loosening of rules that was prompted in part by the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision . Political operatives like Karl Rove realized that “ social welfare ” groups were allowed by the tax code to accept unlimited donations that did not have to be disclosed . They could then use that money to run political attack ads . Though the tax code says the groups , known as 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s , could not be engaged primarily in political activity and still keep their tax exemption , that was easy enough to get around by claiming the ads had some kind of civic purpose .
By the 2012 election , these groups were spending $ 300 million and were often the dominant voice in major races . The Koch brothers , in particular , got around the tax code provision by moving tens of millions among a huge number of nonprofits so that it was almost impossible to determine the purpose of each group , let alone who the donors were .
After three years and 12 participants , the impact of the College Football Playoff is being felt . For the first time in seven years , the Big 12 will have a conference championship game , a decision made `` 100 percent on our ability to optimize the likelihood of getting a team into the CFP , '' said commissioner Bob Bowlsby .
It 's one example of the changes that conferences , athletic directors and coaches are making to adapt to the CFP era . But will it improve the Big 12 's chances ? The value of a conference championship came into question last season after Penn State , the Big Ten champion , was snubbed in favor of Ohio State , a team the Nittany Lions beat during the regular season . It 's part of the challenge for teams entering the fourth year of the playoff , where there remains more questions than answers .
For most Power Five teams , the playoff is the ultimate , and sometimes only , goal . David Rosenblum/Icon Sportswire
`` It 's gotten so obsessive to a point , '' Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher said . `` It 's the game . That 's the passion people have , and the playoff has made it that much greater . It 's made you aware of scheduling that much more , and all of the things that go into it , a different framework of how you have to do things , and putting your team in situations and scenarios and environments that you can handle it when you get there . ''
According to coaches , the selection committee 's criteria can feel like a moving target , though most , including Fisher , support the current system and trust the selection committee members . But they are becoming more vocal with their proposals and ideas as to how college football should change in the CFP era , touching on topics including conference championships , selection criteria , scheduling and expansion .
Alabama coach Nick Saban is clear about what he thinks should be most important .
`` It has to be on the body of work , '' Saban said , `` the total body of work . When I played , we won the Mid-American Conference championship and we were 6-5 . We surely did n't deserve to go someplace just because we won the championship . ''
Saban said he 'd like to eliminate the six-win mark for bowl eligibility and see all teams play only Power 5 opponents , which would likely force the playoff to expand .
`` If we 're going to have the system that we have now , '' Saban said , `` I liked it better when they just picked two teams and everybody else went to a bowl game . If we 're going to have a playoff , then to me we should have a playoff , and a playoff would probably mean more teams , but then you would n't have bowl games . Politically and economically , that 's probably never going to work . ''
Diminishing the value of the postseason outside the playoff and major bowls is a common topic of discussion for coaches . Last year , Saban predicted the bowl system would struggle to coexist with the CFP , and now he says that has begun to come to fruition , as the New Year 's Six bowls overshadow the rest . Saban said that will continue to have an impact on players like Stanford 's Christian McCaffrey and LSU 's Leonard Fournette , who decided to work toward their NFL careers instead of playing in the Sun Bowl and Citrus Bowl , respectively .
`` That 's going to happen a lot , '' Saban said . `` That 's not good . That 's not good for the game . I 'm not criticizing the players ; I 'm just saying it 's not good for the game . ''
Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy said the biggest change to date has been in the nonconference scheduling , and compared it to making decisions in the stock market : Should programs schedule up or down ?
`` Because originally they said we need you to schedule up , '' Gundy said . `` They said this four or five years ago , and our conference really stressed to our presidents and ADs about preseason scheduling if you want to have a chance to get in . Last year , Washington did n't play anybody and got in . So it brings up the same topic again : Do you say , ' I want to be 3-0 and if I run it , I 'm in no matter who I play ? ' Or do I want to take that risk of playing a team that I could lose to , and essentially maybe not get in ?
`` I 'd rather be 3-0 , '' he said .
A weaker nonconference lineup is likely a gamble , though , as the 12 teams that have played in the CFP had an average strength of schedule rank of 27.2 , according to ESPN 's Football Power Index .
Another common refrain from coaches is that the playoff has turned the sport into an all-or-nothing proposition : Make the playoff and compete for a national championship or your season is a bust .
USC offensive coordinator Tee Martin , who played in the first BCS national championship game with Tennessee in 1998 , said it can be tough to motivate teams that fall short of national championship aspirations and wind up in a lower-tier bowl .
`` In college football , if you 're not in that first four , you kind of feel like , 'OK , it 's over . We 'll go play our bowl game . ' And you try to motivate your guys and staff , but young men , they 're smart , they 're competitive as well , '' Martin said . `` They kind of feel like they did n't make it , so they were n't successful . I 'd like to see more teams in it to see how that works out . ''
He 's certainly not alone .
Stanford coach David Shaw said the CFP has somewhat unfairly redefined success .
`` There are going to be some really , really good teams that go 9-3 , '' Shaw said , `` but they will not get the accolades and recognition they deserve because they were a young team that beat a couple of really good teams but they 're not going to the playoff so you do n't think they 're good enough . ''
In spite of being left out of the CFP 's top four , Penn State coach James Franklin did n't necessarily agree .
`` You could make the argument for some programs that they 'll create some of that , where if you do n't make the playoff , the season is a loss , but I would n't say that , '' Franklin said . `` For the majority of programs , getting to a really good bowl game is still an unbelievable experience . Obviously everybody still has the goal of getting to the playoff , but we had the same issue before , where you 'd have teams that obviously were excited about being in a bowl game , and you had other teams that felt like they should be in a better bowl and were disappointed and the game played out that way . We 've had that issue for a number of years . Is it magnified a little bit now ? Probably . ''
Some of the differences are more subtle and might not be as noticeable to fans .
`` It 's created an environment much like basketball , '' Clemson co-offensive coordinator Jeff Scott said . `` It 's a little unfortunate now that everybody is going to be judged by how many CFP appearances did they have , much like a basketball coach is judged by how many Final Fours or Elite Eight or Sweet 16s did he have in his tenure . There are a lot of good coaches out there , but after five years , if you 're a major program , 'Oh , he did n't make the playoff in five years , we need a new guy . ' ''
`` If we 're going to have a playoff , then to me we should have a playoff and a playoff would probably mean more teams ... ''
The biggest question , and one not likely to be addressed for some years , if at all , is that of expanding the playoff .
`` In my dream scenario , '' said Texas coach Tom Herman , `` you would have , if you want to keep it at five Power 5 conferences , you would have an eight-team playoff with five conference champions . ''
Shaw said playoff expansion is `` unavoidable . ''
`` I 've said it to multiple people , people on the committee and some of the higher-ups . They said for years we would n't expand the college basketball playoff , and it 's been expanded multiple times . You ca n't tell me that wo n't happen after years of watching this thing , '' Shaw said . `` Every year we 've had it , there 's a minimum of one team , if not two teams , that can say they have every right to be in the playoff . We 'll figure out a way to make it happen . ''
After many long months of negotiations , and with just days to spare before European Union leaders met to reconsider Serbia 's application for candidacy , it was finally announced that a breakthrough had been reached on Kosovo 's designation at regional meetings . Kosovo-UNMIK will be ditched . Henceforth it will be listed as Kosovo * . The asterisk refers to the following footnote : ‘ This designation is without prejudice to positions on status , and is in line with UNSC 1244 and the ICJ Opinion on the Kosovo Declaration of Independence . '
It is a major breakthrough for all concerned .
For the European Union , it marks a further significant victory in its efforts to promote dialogue between Belgrade and Pristina . Already , these have achieved major results , including an agreement on managing their joint boundary/border . This latest agreement underlines the way in which the EU , when willing to take the lead in its neighbourhood , can in fact find inventive solutions to seeming intractable problems .
Kosovo also stands to gain . It was vitally important to find a way to allow it to participate in regional gatherings . More importantly , and in light of the fact that five members of the European Union still refuse to recognise Kosovo 's unilateral declaration of independence from Serbia , it is significant that this designation will also be used in future by the EU in its dealings with Pristina . This opens the way for Kosovo to establish formal relations with the European Union . Indeed , the first real benefits have already been seen as the five members that have not recognised Kosovo have agreed to permit the preparation of a feasibility study for a Stabilisation and Association agreement . This is a tremendous step forwards .
The agreement also opened the way for Serbia to be declared a candidate for membership of the EU . This is crucial . While many people in Serbia , and indeed across the EU , may be sceptical about the value of EU membership , the truth is that EU candidacy sends out an important message about the country 's political stability . Gaining candidacy , which was long conditioned by co-operation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) , is proof that Serbia is finally moving beyond the legacy of the Milosevic era .
Nevertheless , the compromise over Kosovo 's designation also represents an uncomfortable compromise for Belgrade and Pristina .
For Kosovo , it is certainly a bitter blow to the ego to have to accept this designation . In the weeks and months leading up to the agreement , Pristina had been insisting that it would accept nothing less that the ‘ Republic of Kosovo ' on nameplates . Under the EU-brokered arrangement , the asterisk and footnote are yet further evidence that its statehood is still far from universally accepted . It may be independent administratively from Serbia , but its actual status on the world stage is still unresolved . Kosovo * will be a constant reminder of this . However , looking beyond the symbolism , it is still a major step forward . Again , this decision paves the way for Kosovo to now begin the journey towards eventual EU membership . The importance of this can not be overemphasised .
For Serbia , the designation Kosovo * marks the clearest indication yet that it has come to terms with the full and effective administrative independence of Kosovo . In many key regional bodies , Kosovo will now be representing itself and making decisions that affect its future , regardless of Belgrade 's positions . ( Although , contrary to what some observers have suggested , there is no reason to believe that it will open the way for Kosovo to join the main international organisations , such as the United Nations . ) Crucially , though , Belgrade has managed to keep the status question open . As long as the asterisk is there , the status issue is not fully settled and Serbia has some leverage . However , this leverage should not be read to be more than it really is . Belgrade can not hope to reverse the recognitions of Kosovo by the leading EU states or the US . Rather , this leverage will need to be used to achieve realistic goals , such as an agreement over the predominantly Serb north of Kosovo , the Serbian enclaves in south of Kosovo and the important Serbian Orthodox religious sites . This is Serbia 's task in the period ahead .
Of course , all things considered , one could argue that the question over Kosovo 's status need not be a major problem for anyone at this stage . The most important goals for all parties concerned should be regional stability , democratisation and economic development . With the right approach , and a continued spirit of pragmatic compromise , the agreement over designation means that the status question could in fact be set entirely to one side until almost the end of Serbia 's EU accession process .
However , this will not happen . The key states of the EU are keen to draw a line under the Kosovo issue once and for all . The recent agreement is an improvement on the previous situation . It is not enough , though . It seems likely that further pressure will be brought to bear on Belgrade to move beyond Kosovo * and accept Kosovo as a fully sovereign state . Here the EU has leverage of its own . While Serbia 's candidacy is certainly important , it is the start of actual accession negotiations that really counts . It seems very likely that Serbia will be expected to come up with firm proposals for how to address the outstanding issues as soon as forthcoming parliamentary elections , which are likely to be held in May , are out of the way .
While the agreement over Kosovo 's designation is certainly a major improvement on the previous situation , it is certainly not the end of the story . Four years after Kosovo unilaterally declared independence from Serbia , a comprehensive settlement that ties up all the loose ends between Belgrade and Pristina is still needed .
—
James Ker-Lindsay is Eurobank EFG Senior Research Fellow on the Politics of South East Europe at the European Institute , London School of Economics and Political Science . He is the author of Kosovo : The Path to Contested Statehood in the Balkans , and co-editor ( with Dejan Djokic ) of New Perspectives on Yugoslavia : Key Issues and Controversies . His next book , to be published by Oxford University Press , explores the ways in which states try to prevent the recognition of secessionist territories .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Conservative activists on Saturday named former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney the winner of a poll for best 2012 GOP presidential candidate .
Former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney won 20 percent of the vote in straw poll for presidential favorites .
The poll marked the third consecutive year Romney came out on top .
Louisiana Gov . Bobby Jindal placed second in the annual poll , conducted at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
Romney received 20 percent of the vote and Jindal got 14 percent .
Close behind were Texas Rep. Ron Paul and Alaska Gov . Sarah Palin , who each received 13 percent of the vote .
The results were culled over two days from 1,757 of the party activists who came to Washington for the annual conference and filled out ballots on Thursday and Friday . Nearly 60 percent of the straw poll participants were between the ages of 18 and 25 . More than half of the conference attendees this year were college students .
The choices in the poll were : Florida Gov . Charlie Crist ; former House speaker Newt Gingrich ; former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani ; former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee ; Jindal ; Paul ; Palin ; Minnesota Gov . Tim Pawlenty ; Romney ; South Carolina Gov . Mark Sanford , and `` Undecided . '' There was also space on the ballot for a write-in candidate .
The results could go a long way in shoring up a presidential hopeful 's conservative resume , as was the case with Romney when he won the straw poll in 2007 for 2008 .
The eventual Republican nominee , Sen. John McCain , finished fifth in the 2007 vote , and lost to Romney in 2008 as conservatives at the conference expressed frustration that the Senate maverick was close to cinching up the nomination .
In criticizing Obama and House Democrats in a speech Friday , Romney -- often interrupted by standing ovations -- made clear that he intends to remain a player in Republican politics as he eyes a potential presidential bid in 2012 .
CPAC attendees also were able to vote on their approval of President Obama and Republicans in Congress .
Only 4 percent said they approve of the job Obama is doing .
CPAC ended Saturday with radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh delivering the keynote address .
Limbaugh called on conservatives to take the country back .
`` I want to tell you who conservatives are . We conservatives have not done a good enough job of just laying out basically who we are because we make the mistake of assuming that people know , '' he said .
`` We love people . When we look out over the United States of America , when we 're anywhere , when we see a group of people such as this or anywhere , we see Americans . ''
In order to take the country back , Limbaugh said , `` All we need is to nominate the right candidate . It 's no more complicated than that . ''
Limbaugh praised Obama as one of the most gifted politicans he has seen , but said , `` It just breaks my heart that he does not use these extraordinary talents and gifts to motivate and inspire the American people to be the best they can be . He 's doing just the opposite . ''
Limbaugh accused Obama of wanting people to be in fear instead of motivating the country .
In the absence of a clear GOP leader , a political ad airing Friday put out by supporters of Obama implies the conservative radio host has himself become the de facto head of the Republican Party .
The ad argues that the Republican leadership in Congress is following Limbaugh 's lead in opposing the Obama administration 's $ 787 billion stimulus package .
`` So who are Republican leaders listening to ? , '' the announcer asks before the 30-second ad cuts abruptly to footage of Limbaugh saying , `` I want him [ Obama ] to fail . ''
It was paid for by Americans United for Change and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) union , two groups that supported Obama during the election and are advocating for his agenda .
In response to the ad , the Republican National Committee said , `` The Democrats are running a permanent campaign rather than doing the bipartisan work of governing . '' Read about the new ad
`` These ads are part of the Democrats ' larger strategy to do something , anything , to try to take the focus off their massive spending binge , '' RNC spokesman Alex Conant said . Watch : Who will lead the GOP ? »
Meanwhile , throughout the conference , other Republican leaders and rising stars took turns at the podium .
Pawlenty told the conference audience Saturday that Republicans must do a better job of reaching out to working-class voters , a group he said agrees with the GOP on most issues , from gun rights to health care to education .
The problem , Pawlenty said , is that lower and middle income voters -- a group he terms `` Sam 's Club voters '' -- do n't believe Republicans `` are for the working person . ''
He said the party must stress its commitment to job creation and market itself `` with a feel and concern and tone and an understanding of the importance and the challenges of the working class of this country .
`` And it does n't mean we have to sacrifice our principles to do it , '' Pawlenty said .
Like most of the Republicans who have addressed the annual gathering of conservatives this week , Pawlenty characterized the White House economy recovery package as a `` sprawling spending buffet . ''
The governor bemoaned the president 's budget plan , unveiled earlier this week , which predicted a $ 1.75 trillion deficit for the upcoming fiscal year .
`` A day or two later the Democrats convened a fiscal responsibility summit , '' he said . `` What 's next ? Are they going to have Rod Blagojevich convene an ethics summit ? ''
Pawlenty and his wife Mary also spoke Friday night to a closed-door reception for `` Rebuild the Party , '' a Web-based grassroots initiative to modernize the party .
On Friday , Romney and Gingrich packed the ballroom .
Texas Rep. Ron Paul also drew a big crowd and lots of applause . Paul said the conservative movement has struggled to define what it means to be a conservative .
CNN 's Peter Hamby , Kristi Keck , Mark Preston and Martina Stewart contributed to this report .
All About Rush Limbaugh • Republican Party
And here are a series of videos that have appeared in different gaming sites :
EQNext has been revealed . What we got to see was so good , they have set the whole industry on fire . They have Voxels and Procedural generation as one of the main pillars of this game . If you saw the reveal , and have been following this blog for a while , you will find many similarities between EQNext and what Voxel Farm does . This is no coincidence : EQNext is using the Voxel Farm engine.The engine is just a tool . The EQNext team deserves all the credit in realizing this vision . Their art direction and engineering skills are unlike anything I have seen . I am blown away by what they have achieved with the engine , especially in so little time . I am very proud of being involved in this project.You can see the entire keynote here . It has plenty of real gameplay footage :
Sperm concentration of men in Western countries has dropped by more than 50 percent in less than 40 years and there is no evidence that the decline is leveling off , a team of international researchers warned , based on a new and comprehensive study .
“ Given the importance of sperm counts for male fertility and human health , this study is an urgent wake-up call for researchers and health authorities around the world to investigate the causes of the sharp ongoing drop in sperm count , with the goal of prevention , ” said Dr. Hagai Levine .
Levine , head of the Environmental Health Track at the Hebrew University-Hadassah Braun School of Public Health and Community Medicine in Jerusalem , led the study along with Dr. Shanna H. Swan , professor in New York 's Icahn School 's Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health , assisted by researchers from Brazil , Denmark , Israel , Spain and the United States .
Get The Start-Up Israel 's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The findings have important public health implications . Sperm count is the best measure for male fertility , and the data shows that the proportion of the male population with sperm counts below the threshold for subfertility or infertility is increasing . In addition , recent studies have shown that reduced sperm count is also related to increased diseases and mortality among men , so the the ongoing “ alarming ” decline points to serious risks to male fertility and health , the researchers said .
The study also indicates that the rate of decline among Western men is not decreasing ; in fact , the rate of increase was “ steep and significant , ” even when analysis was limited to those samples collected between 1996 and 2011 . Concentration of sperm and sperm count are two parameters used to determine the quality of sperm in men .
“ This is a sign , like a canary in a coal mine , ” Levine said in a phone interview with The Times of Israel . “ Besides the negative impact of declining sperm counts on fertility , the drop is also an alarm signal regarding the general health of humans . ”
The study found a significant decline in sperm concentration and total sperm count among men from Western countries in the years between 1973 and 2011 , in what the researchers say is the first systematic review and meta-analysis of trends in sperm count — a sort of study of studies .
The paper was published Tuesday in Human Reproduction Update , a journal in the fields of reproductive biology , obstetrics and gynecology .
By screening 7,500 studies and conducting a meta-regression analysis on 185 of them between 1973 and 2011 , the researchers found a 52.4 % decline in sperm concentration , and a 59.3 % decline in total sperm count , among men from North America , Europe , Australia and New Zealand who were not selected based on their fertility status .
In contrast , no significant decline was seen in South America , Asia and Africa , where far fewer studies have been conducted .
A problem with Western men
Even if the amount of studies conducted in non-Western countries is smaller , one can still see that the phenomenon of declining sperm is mainly a Western problem , Levine said .
The scope of the research was so wide and comprehensive that Levine decided to add teams globally to the study , which started in 2013 .
Levine explained that while a major study on the subject was published already in 1992 , its results , and the results of other studies that followed , have remained controversial because of certain limitations . The current research uses a broader scope and more rigorous meta-regression methods than the earlier study did , conservatively addresses the reliability of study estimates , and controls for factors that might help explain the decline , such as age , abstinence time , and selection of the study population , the researchers said .
“ This definitive study shows , for the first time , that this decline is strong and continuing , ” said Swan . The fact that the decline is seen in mainly in Western countries , strongly suggests that external factors like chemicals and lifestyle play “ a causal role in this trend , ” she said .
While the current study did not examine causes of the observed declines , sperm count has previously been plausibly associated with environmental and lifestyle influences , including prenatal chemical exposure , adult pesticide exposure , smoking , stress , and obesity .
“ There is much that can be done , ” to make things better , said Levine . The first is to recognize that there is a global problem and then plow more funding into research .
“ Male fertility has not been researched enough and more money must be invested in research , ” he said . In addition , stricter regulation , restricting or abolishing the use of harmful chemicals should be enforced .
In addition , because of cultural issues , when couples have fertility problems much of the focus is directed on women and short-term methods are used to overcome the problems , he said . “ These short-term methods deal with the problem , but not the source of the problem. ” And that needs to be changed .
Editor 's note : This story has been updated .
Gov . Greg Abbott confirmed Tuesday he has urged pastors to pressure the Texas House to advance the so-called `` bathroom bills '' that have languished there for weeks .
`` I think as governor my job is to speak with my constituents , '' Abbott said in a radio interview . `` These pastors were concerned about the possibility of no law passing that would protect the safety of women and children in bathrooms . ''
Abbott 's comments come a day after one of the pastors , Robert Morris , told news outlets Abbott had reached out to him and nine other churches to build support for the legislation . Abbott said Tuesday that pastors had asked him to `` weigh in and make sure that we got something passed . ''
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
`` I said , 'If you really want to have something passed , you need to make sure that you make contact with the members of the House because this is where it 's being held up , ' '' Abbott said in the interview with North Texas radio host Chris Salcedo . `` It 's being held up in the House of Representatives . ''
It is not clear when Abbott and the pastors spoke , but on Monday , time ran out for the House to advance House Bill 2899 , which some hoped would serve as an alternative to the Senate 's `` bathroom bill . '' HB 2899 , by Republican state Rep. Ron Simmons of Carrollton , would have gutted cities and school districts ' trans-inclusive bathroom policies .
The Senate 's “ bathroom bill , ” Senate Bill 6 , passed the upper chamber almost two months ago and has not yet been referred to a House committee . It would require transgender people to use bathrooms in public schools , government buildings and public universities based on “ biological sex . ''
Abbott himself has been less outspoken on the issue of regulating bathroom use this session than Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick , who made the issue one of his legislative priorities . After months of silence on the issue , Abbott put out a statement in April that called the Simmons bill `` thoughtful '' and said he would work with lawmakers to get a bill to his desk that he can sign .
Such proposals have long faced opposition from House Speaker Joe Straus , R-San Antonio , who believes they would hurt the Texas economy . Straus held firm even after Abbott signaled support for HB 2899 , which had the support over three-quarters of the House GOP caucus .
Read related coverage :
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
[ van id= ” van/ns-acc/2015/09/23/PY-02WE_CNNA-ST1-1000000002ea7d8f ” ]
NEW YORK — Late Wednesday night , someone posted the home address and phone number of Martin Shkreli , the pharmaceutical executive who has been labeled “ the most hated man in America . ”
It happened on 4chan , a free-for-all online discussion board where people worldwide post photos anonymously . 4chan is the favorite hangout of many hackers .
CNNMoney verified that the contact details are real .
Shkreli is the former Wall Street guy who now leads a pharmaceutical company — and recently raised the price on a long-existing drug called Daraprim from $ 13.50 a pill to $ 750 overnight . The drug , which fights parasitic infections , cost AIDS patients 55 times more than before .
Meet the ‘ most-hated man in America ' who hiked the price of an AIDS drug from $ 13.50 to $ 750 a pill
It was only after a wave of critical national news stories — and damning comments by politicians about drug “ price gouging ” — that Shkreli announced he would “ lower the price of Daraprim to a price that is more affordable. ” It 's not clear what his pharmaceutical company , Turing , will now charge .
Shkreli 's actions shocked the nation this week , leading many to cry for punishing revenge on Shkreli himself . It was only a matter of time until someone exposed his personal details — an act called “ doxxing ” in online slang .
At 11:29 p.m. , someone posted a photo of Shkreli smirking . Attached was this message : “ If you want to discuss the increase of AIDS medication with Martin personally . ”
Subsequent online comments suggested ordering pizza to his Manhattan apartment and sending prostitutes who demand pills as payment .
One person who supported exposing Shkreli 's information wrote , “ You 're doing God 's work. ” Another said Shkreli deserved it : “ It 's extortion of the terminally ill . ”
CNNMoney called the number and got Shkreli 's voicemail — which was full . He did not respond to say whether prank phone calls and text messages kept him up Wednesday night .
That 's usually the price people pay when their personal contact information ends up on a website like 4chan .
The image-sharing board has a reputation for being one of the seediest places on the Internet , where juvenile humor and unrestricted speech often results in discussion and sharing of illegal or unsavory content . Artists share images — but hackers also share stolen goods .
Like so many subjects of hackers ' ire , Shkreli now has to worry about personal attacks .
0 Shares
With the Oakland Raiders selecting WVU defensive back Karl Joseph 14th overall in the NFL Draft Thursday night the West Virginia Mountaineers are now the only team in the nation to have a top 15 picks in four of the last five drafts ( Kevin White ( 2015 ) , Tavon Austin ( 2013 ) , Bruce Irvin ( 2012 ) , and now Karl Joseph ) .
# WVU is the only team in the nation with a Top 15 draft pick in four of the last five drafts . pic.twitter.com/QTxIXTsLiF — WVU Football ( @ WVUfootball ) April 29 , 2016
However , that is not the only record set last night . With Joseph 's first round selection , Dana Holgorsen has overtaken Don Nehlen with four first round draft picks under his tenure , giving him the most in WVU history of any one coach . Nehlen had a total of three during his time in Morgantown ( 1980-2000 ) .
Lastly , with Joseph 's selection Thursday night and more Mountaineers expected to be drafted over the next two days WVU head coach Dana Holgorsen has solidified his spot among the top coaches in the Big 12 Conference . Holgorsen is third among Big 12 coaches in NFL draft picks since 2011 .
Comments
comments
A record number of participants braved the chilly Liffey waters in Dublin city for the country 's largest open river swim on Saturday .
Now in its 97th year , the Dublin City Liffey Swim 2016 had two debutante winners as Brian Murray from the Eastern Bay club and Jennifer Gilbert representing Swim4Life emerged victorious in the men 's and women 's categories respectively .
More than 400 people took part in the 2.2km race- 267 men and 149 women- in warm , calm conditions , which were ideal for the gruelling task at hand .
The course runs from St James 's Gate to Custom House Quay , and swimmers are given staggered starting times so that the slowest qualifiers begin first .
Entrants must have swum in six open water qualifiers beforehand , which helps determine their handicap for the race .
Women 's winner Gilbert from Walkinstown managed to replicate the feat of her husband Donncha O'Siadhail who was a champion last year , and she was delighted to have done so .
“ I ca n't believe it , it 's amazing , ” the 34-year-old said .
“ I think I went out a bit too fast at the start and come the Ha'penny Bridge it was feeling tough , and when I came to O'Connell Bridge I knew there was only about 400 metres left so I gave it my all no matter how sick I felt . ”
While the out flowing tide provided for a faster women 's race , the men had to contend with a tough current .
Murray ( 50 ) , never looked like losing after pulling ahead past Capel St Bridge .
He might not live anywhere near the open water , but the Finglas man came away with the honours following a phenomenal second half of the race , which saw him pull 200 metres clear of his nearest competitor by the finish line .
“ I feel very excited , elated , tired , worn out but fantastic , ” Murray said , who is a previous third place finisher .
“ It was going by the Halfpenny Bridge when I felt a bit tired , I just said to myself I 've trained long enough for this , I 've worked long enough for this , I 'm going to push it through and I 'm going to win , ” he added , before praising the crowds of onlookers .
“ It was incredible , the cheers were absolutely amazing . I was overawed . ”
One man who is well accustomed to the Liffey waters is 59-year-old Jim Kavanagh , who is now in his fifth decade doing the swim after first entering as a 14 year-old alongside his father in the 1970s .
“ I enjoyed it , it was a lovely swim . Nice conditions , the water was lovely and it was a nice day as well . You can hear the roar of the crowd , it 's great , ” Kavanagh said .
“ There were lots of numbers , it got a bit rough there going under O'Connell Bridge for a while- there were elbows and legs kicking away to beat the band . ”
The Liffey Swim first started in 1920 and is arguably most famous for artist Jack B Yeats ' acclaimed depiction of the 1923 event .
Two New York City FC stars feature in our MLS Midseason Awards , alongside an unheralded Philadelphia rookie and a similarly underappreciated defender in Dallas . Here are Brian Sciaretta 's picks .
BY Brian Sciaretta Posted
July 08 , 2016
1:30 PM SHARE THIS STORY
THE 2016 MAJOR LEAGUE SOCCER has featured plenty of surprises—how 's it going , Colorado ? —some memorable matches—you saw that 7-0 game , right ? —and some praiseworthy performances . To honor the best of 2016 so far , we put together these midseason awards for your consideration . Agree ? Disagree ? Tell us in the Comments section below .
Most Valuable Player : David Villa
This is pretty obvious . New York City FC is in first place in the Eastern Conference and striker David Villa is the leading scorer in the league . Even when there were doubts about the team 's other designated players , Frank Lampard and Andrea Pirlo , there were never any questions about Villa who has bought into the team and league since day one . He has carried himself like professional .
What 's even better for New York is that Villa has raised the game of team 's other players . Tommy McNamara has been fantastic while rookie Jack Harrison will benefit greatly alongside the Spanish legend .
Rookie of the Year : Keegan Rosenberry
Jordan Morris receives more attention but Keegan Rosenberry has been a very big part of Philadelphia 's turnaround in 2016 . The Union has had to deal with a lot this year , including Maurice Edu 's injury and Vincent Nogueira 's departure . For a team that was not expected to compete for a playoff spot even at full strength , the Union has impressed during the first half of the season and is currently in second place in the Eastern Conference .
Rosenberry , 22 , is an outstanding one-on-one defender and his ability to push forward into the attack has been valuable . Morris has done well in notching six goals but the fact is that Seattle is in last place and has the worst offense in MLS . Rosenberry has had the bigger impact due to his impact on the standings and helping a team exceed expectations and push towards the playoffs .
Will Rosenberry win the award in November ? It will be tough . Offensive players tend to fare better and defenders tend to win only when an attacking rookie fail to stand out . On top of that , Jack Harrison is finally healthy and is looking very , very promising for New York City . He could very well dominate the conversation the second half of the season .
As for now in the first half of the season , Rosenberry 's impact has been the best of the bunch .
Coach of the Year : Patrick Vieira
There have been times this season when the thought of Vieira winning coach of the year was very unlikely . NYCFC infamously lost a game to the Red Bulls 7-0 and the team has struggled with inconsistency at times .
Even the harshest NYCFC critic will admit that this is a tough team to coach . There 's pressure from City Football Group after the firing of Jason Kreis , there are the horrible soccer conditions at Yankee Stadium , there is an old contingent of designated players , and there are distractions such as Frank Lampard 's injury and Mix Diskerud 's disappearance from the roster .
But Vieira has made the most of it . The team rebounded nicely after the blowout loss and has risen to first place in the Eastern Conference . Tommy McNamara has blossomed into a solid player and Harrison is shaping up to be one of the league 's best young players .
It 's hard to argue the Frenchman has not done an outstanding job in his first half-season .
Defender of the Year : Matt Hedges
Hedges has only played in 12 of FC Dallas ' 19 matches , but the numbers are pretty eye-opening in terms of his value to the club .
In the 12 games featuring Hedges , Dallas has six wins , four draws , two losses with six cleansheets . Meanwhile Hedges has just two yellow cards and is the captain for the best team in the league . In those 12 games , FC Dallas has conceded 12 goals ( although five goals came in an inexplicably bad loss to Houston—an outlier ) .
In the seven games without Hedges , Dallas has lost three times and has posted just one cleansheet while conceding 12 goals .
It 's clear that Hedges brings a lot to a very good Dallas team . In addition to his own skills , as the team captain he brings out the best in others . Young central defender Walker Zimmerman has also matured as his partner .
Newcomer of the year : Carlos Gruezo
Carlos Gruezo is not making the same sort of impact that Sebastian Giovinco did last year as a newcomer but the Ecuadorian has been very good for both the league and for FC Dallas . He is the type of signing the league needs : a young , international-caliber player who chooses MLS over other quality leagues . Gruezo , 21 , came in the offseason from Stuttgart in the Bundesliga and has done very well in his deep-lying midfield role .
While he played for Ecuador before coming to MLS , Gruezo was a starter for the national team at the Copa America Centenario . He even credited FC Dallas for giving him platform to translate his success over to the international level .
“ My season in FC Dallas is helping me a lot in order to have this big chance with the national team , ” Gruezo said . “ I have no doubts about that , I am very grateful to them as well . ”
His solid year could continue as Ecuador has important World Cup qualifiers ahead as it sits in second place in South America qualifying ( Ecuador faces Brazil and Peru in September ) . In addition in 2016 , FC Dallas and Gruezo will have the CONCACAF Champions League , a Supporters Shield race in the regular season , and the MLS Cup playoffs .
Goal of the Year : Quincy Amarikwa
The remarkable chip from Amarikwa .
Save of the Year : Nick Rimando
Rimando does a double , with the second coming off his face .
Those are Brian 's picks . Feel free to share your thoughts below .
Off late , I had to revisit a node.js frontend webserver . It was written sometime back and was n't getting much love , but after we started autoscaling , I became increasingly concerned about its performance . Another benefit of autoscaling is that when your capacity closely mirrors traffic , you become much more aware of how much you could save if your stack was even slightly more performant .
Coming back to the app - it can be thought of as an API server , written in expressjs . Each request is pre-processed , sent to an upstream server , post processed and responded to , as json . The communication between node.js frontend and upstream is over HTTP , using the request module .
The server in question runs on a small instance in EC2 . With autoscaling in place , it was clear as day that improving on req/sec will reduce costs considerably , and based on these benchmarks , I knew we have a long way to go . Anyway , it seems like that time of the year when I put on the profiling hat .
To profile , I used ab as the client to drive test traffic . When profiling , I ran node.js with the –prof switch . As you can see below , I removed nginx and ELB from the picture , because neither of them were relevant to the benchmark , and replaced the upstream with a dummy server configured to send a fixed response . All of this so as to get more consistent results .
$ node -- prof app $ ab -k -n 10000 -c 128 http : //example.com/most-frequent-api-request
The -k switch is important , it enables HTTP Keep Alive support , without which I got some really nasty APR errors about sockets running out . I could have avoided the -k switch by setting the “ Connection : close ” header on every request , which tells express to close the socket after sending response , but then I would lose the benefits of HTTP/1.1 Keep Alive . In production , our users make multiple requests and keep alive is important , so I prefered using -k over setting the header .
The whole excercise did throw up some surprises , and undescores how poor I really am at guessing where a computation will bog down . Before I get down to the findings , here is the impact of these changes .
Prior to the changes , the best I could get out of a small instance was 180 rps . After the changes , this became 250 tps . That 's 38 % ▲ improvement , with just a few lines of code changes to app.js .
Expressjs enables etag by default . For the uninitiated , etags are a sort of response fingerprint , that can be used for better caching . Same fingerprint means the same response , so clients ( aka browsers ) can send the fingerprint of the last response they have , and the server can confirm if the response is still valid , saving us some bandwidth . The way express calculates etag is by running crc32 on the response .
Etags work great , and have some unexpected uses as well ( tracking without cookies ) , but for our use case , where each response is unique and not to be cached , this was wasteful - it showed at the top in the v8 profile . More so , because we set cache-control headers to indicate that the content must not be cached , this could be considered a bug .
Resolution : Add app.disable ( ‘ etag ' ) to app.js
faux HTTP method support - no thanks !
In the boilerplate template that express generates , methodOverride middleware is enabled . I never bothered about it , thinking it would be something similar to bodyParser middleware which precedes it in app.js . When it showed up in the profiler , I looked it up in connect code , to be greeted by equally obscure Provides faux HTTP method support . comment . Looking it up yielded this from stackoverflow - it basically allows you to use the right HTTP verb in forms , because HTML forms only support POST , not PUT/DELETE . Insightful , but we do n't use puts anywhere . That , and the fact that some connect versions are [ vulnerable to CSS ] ( https : //nodesecurity.io/advisories/51d0d6abf196582611000001 ) because the verb is not actually checked , it made sense to get rid of it . Going further on that path , I realize we do n't even use POST anywhere , and could rid ourselves of the bodyParser as well
Resolution : two lines were struck from app.js
/ * Go away , unwanted middlewares ! ! app.use ( express.bodyParser ( ) ) ; app.use ( express.methodOverride ( ) ) ; * /
static before router
The order in which global middlewares are used in express matters . For example , cookie parsing must happen before request is handled . In some cases , you can change the orders , for example , whether to process static requests ( static middleware ) before dynamic routes ( router middleware ) . I sometimes have this tendency to mess up with the correct configuration defaults . So while the express boilerplate code puts the static middleware after the router middleware , I once reasoned that it is stupid to go through all the configured routes for a static asset , so let 's put static first .
To say that it was a stupid idea is an understatement . 95 % of the calls this webserver gets are for non-static assets , and because nginx is in the front , even those 5 % static asset requests get terminated at nginx itself . Not just that , every call that went to the static middleware triggered a stat for a non existent resource . Getting the middleware order right saved hundreds of unnecessary stats per second .
Resolution : put static after router .
http.globalAgent.maxSockets
Our server generally talks to an upstream server over HTTP for most requests . At a lot of places , you will see advice for turning off socket pooling or increasing max sockets for the http agent , because as they say , only 5 sockets are opened per host , so how can you get 100s and 1000s of transactions per second if you do n't change the default . So far so good , but if there is only one host you are talking to , sometimes having a smaller maxSockets would enable connection reuse , which is good because it avoids the overhead of establishing an HTTP connection . In fact , I noticed that I got the best performance when I left the setting untinkered . However , that is not to recommend that you should n't experiment with this setting - not increasing maxSockets will cause more requests to be queued , slightly increasing latency and memory requirements . In the end , I settled at a value of 25 . YMMV .
Resolution : set global maxSockets to 25
http . globalAgent . maxSockets = 25 ;
url safe base64
Now this is something that does n't relate to the theme of this post , because it was n't the profiler that showed me this , but as it was a surprise , I am adding it to this post .
We use base64 for encoding some binary data as url components . Base64 is a radix 64 encoding used extensively in data URIs , email attachments , and what not ( if you remember the good old days when we ran uuencode ) . In node.js , the way to get base64 encoding/decoding done on strings is to use Buffer .
var encoded = new Buffer ( 'hello world ' ) . toString ( 'base64 ' ) ; var decoded = new Buffer ( encoded , 'base64 ' ) . toString ( ) ;
When base64 strings are used as URI Components , a modified version of the base64 called urlsafe base64 is used . That 's because the original character set , buses ‘ + ' and ‘ / ' in addition to 26 upper case and 26 lower case letters , and 10 digits to get the count to 64 , and + and / are not deemed urlsafe . People recommend doing a .replace ( ‘ + ' , '- ‘ ) .replace ( ‘ / ' , ' . ' ) on a base64 string to get the urlsafe version , and vice versa to convert a urlsafe string to a regular base64 , which can then be decoded . It turns out that the first part is true ( but not the fastest ) , and the second part is redundant . node.js buffers handle urlsafe base64 strings just as well , with and without padding . Now this did n't show up in profiling , but I added it here anyway . Here 's the revealing comment from src/string_bytes.cc
// supports regular and URL-safe base64
I guess its not documented because its only supported for decoding , not while encoding .
All in all , It 's good to know what 's happening under the hood , and I should hang out with the profiler more often .
NXT online wallet is the fastest solution to receive or send NXT . You dont have to synchronize the blockchain , just register and you ready to go ....
I will guide you on the process :
A . Creating An Account
1 . To register simply click https : //wallet.mynxt.info/
2 . Enter your email and choose a new strong password , confirm your password and click create your free wallet
3.Now generate your master password . Remember your master password or write it in piece of paper and keep it safe place ... if you loose your password you can not recover it and your NXT will burn out like hell LOL
4 . Confirm your registration by clicking link sent to your email and make sure you check your spam folder .
5 . After clicking confirmation link now you can log in to your account
B . Receive and Sent NXT
1 . You can use Your NXT address to receive payment in NXT or NXT Asset . Remember to receive first payment you must include your public key .
2 . To send NXT you can click `` Send NXT '' Tab below dashboard Tab
3.Type receiver address and amount of NXT . Please make sure the receiver address had been used before .
4.You can add a message for your payment . Click Advanced and type your message in message box . You can choose to encrypt it or not .
5.Click Send
6.Now type your master password
7 . If receiver address had never been used you can enter receiver public key .
8 . Click Yes .. and you 're done : )
C. NXT Asset ( Check Your NXT Asset Balance & Send )
1 . To Check Your NXT Asset Balance or send it , you must install the plugin for NXT Asset basic first . Click on Plugin Tab below Setting tab .
2.Click Install on NXT Assets ( Basic )
3 . Read and Click Accept the terms and conditions listed then click Install
4 .Now you can click on the NXT Assets Plugin to see all NXT Assets . You can search and filter by typing assets name on search box . To look at your assets you can click My Assets Tab .
D. Trade NXT Asset .
Before you can buy or sell an asset you must install NXT Asset ( Pro ) and It will cost 99 NXT .
1 Repeat Steps C 1 above
2 Click Install On NXT Assets ( Pro )
3 . Repeat Step C 3
4.Enter your Master Password and click Buy Now
5 Clicks on NXT Assets Pro Tab and now you can sell or buy by choosing an asset
Done ... Enjoy Folks
Thanks
Ever since the financial crisis struck , we 've suffered grievously from the tyranny of respectable opinion . As I 've often argued , the problem with our inadequate and often perverse response to mass unemployment is n't that we lack a workable economic framework ; basic IS-LMish macroeconomics has , in fact , provided quite good guidance.The problem , instead , has been that following economic logic has been deemed unserious . Serious people want balanced budgets and price stability , never mind what the textbooks say . This has among other things led to the peculiar result that respectable people grab on to academic papers that present dubious nonstandard results — expansionary austerity ! A debt cliff at 90 percent ! — while radicals like me are the ones citing Econ 101 .
In all of this , the IMF has played a somewhat strange role . It is , institutionally , the very model of respectability ; historically , its main role has arguably been to impose austerity of one kind or another . Yet it has a sophisticated , fairly Keynesian research department — and management that actually listens to that department ( as opposed to , say , the European Commission , whose attitude seems to be , ” If I want your opinion I 'll tell you what it is. ” ) You might imagine that the IMF would therefore take the lead in challenging respectable opinion when it 's dead wrong . But it obviously feels constrained ; its rebellions against respectability have to be discreet .
And the result is a proliferation of euphemisms .
There 's a fine example in the latest World Economic Outlook , which makes a strong case that “ normal ” real interest rates have fallen substantially over time , and not just because of the financial crisis :
Photo
What does this imply for policy ? Here we go :
With respect to monetary policy , a period of continued low real interest rates could mean that the neutral policy rate will be lower than it was in the 1990s or the early 2000s . It could also increase the probability that the nominal interest rate will hit the zero lower bound in the event of adverse shocks to demand with inflation targets of about 2 percent . This , in turn , could have implications for the appropriate monetary policy framework .
What does that actually say ? Well , my subtitled version says this : Raise the inflation target to 4 percent , dummies . But the IMF would n't , and presumably ca n't , say that outright . And I suspect that the people who need to hear that wo n't at all get what the Fund is really saying .
Secular stagnation , here we come .
UPDATE : Cascading streams tumbling over Purlingbrook Falls are the kind of thing money ca n't buy - and Coca-Cola Amital does n't have to .
The international soft drink giant is under fire from locals in the tiny Gold Coast community of Springbrook over its water-pumping operation to produce Mount Franklin spring water .
Coca-Cola has a lease to extract water from groundwater at Springbrook - and they do n't have to pay a cent .
Under the terms of the agreement , Coca-Cola are restricted to operating from 8.30am-5pm six days a week and can take two tanker loads each day - but there is no limit on how much water they are allowed to take per visit .
Acting Gold Coast Mayor Donna Gates hinted that it might be time to renegotiate the terms of Coca-Cola 's arrangement on Springbrook .
`` It 's a very old approval and it probably needs to be updated , '' she said .
`` It 's possible that a new material change of use application might be needed to alter their operations up there . ''
The council 's development compliance department is now investigating complaints by Springbrook residents about Coca-Cola 's operations , but Councillor Gates said there was no evidence the company was breaching its obligations .
media_camera Purling Brook Falls
EARLIER : The world 's biggest soft drink company is embroiled in a water war affecting one of our most famous national parks .
Residents of Springbrook are in a fizz over Coca-Cola Amatil 's water pumping operation to produce their Mount Franklin spring water .
The matter is now under investigation by Gold Coast City Council 's development compliance department .
Coke has had approval for the operation since 2006 , but residents say Springbrook 's creeks and streams have never looked worse .
Do you think Coca-Cola 's pumping operation should be downsized or stopped ? Let us know in the comments section below
Even after recent rain , the iconic Purling Brook Falls looked more like a trickle yesterday , while other nearby watercourses have gone from cascading creeks to stagnant swamps as Coca-Cola continues to extract thousands of litres of water from the region every day .
Ceris Ash has lived on the mountain for more than a decade and said immediate action was needed .
`` They are threatening the world heritage values of Springbrook National Park , '' she said .
`` They are taking their water out of the ground , but that all still feeds into the creeks and streams that go through the national park and down to the coast . We have an incredibly sensitive ecosystem here with rare animals and trees found nowhere else on the planet . ''
The national park made headlines last month with the discovery of a previously unknown mammal species named the black-tailed antechinus , while the world 's last remaining Eucryphia Jinskii trees are found only in Springbrook National Park .
media_camera Rainforest scenes from Springbrook National Park in the Gold Coast Hinterland . Purling Brook Falls .
A Coca-Cola spokeswoman said the Springbrook operation followed strict guidelines .
`` CCA extracts groundwater from its site in the Springbrook area and is compliant with conditions set by the Gold Coast City Council , '' she said .
`` We are just one of 50 or more bore sites in the area , and we support a sustainable water plan for the whole area which must include all water users . ''
Area councillor Glenn Tozer confirmed residents had complained about the situation and the department of development compliance was investigating whether the company was breaching its commitments .
It 's official , folks : You do n't have to worry about a financial crisis ever again ! Well , your children might , but you are in the clear !
How do I know this ? Why , the Empress of the Economy herself , the venerable Janet Yellen , chair of the High and Mighty Federal Reserve Board of Governors , has dribbled this gem of wisdom from the heights of Mount Olympus onto our lowly heads :
“ Will I say there will never , ever be another financial crisis ? No , probably that would be going too far . But I do think we 're much safer and I hope that it will not be in our lifetimes and I do n't believe it will . ”
Thus spake Yellethustra .
So now , with that out of the way , it 's time to party like it 's 1999 ! You know , the height of the dotcom bubble , when everyone and their pet monkey was raking in the IPO dough and newly-minted NASDAQ millionaires were lighting their cigars with a hundred dollar bills . And we all remember how well that party ended , do n't we ?
Oh . Right .
Join James for this week 's editorial on Yellen 's ridiculous “ no more crashes ” prediction . Also , stay tuned for recommended reading , viewing and listening and get your 25 % discount on Corbett Report DVDs in this week 's edition of The Corbett Report Subscriber .
For free access to this editorial , please CLICK HERE .
For full access to the subscriber newsletter , and to support this website , please become a member .
Untitled a guest Dec 6th , 2016 419 Never a guest419Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprintdiff text 2.57 KB Gameplay Update 6.94b General Captains Mode/Draft Captain Disconnect Grace Period decreased from 30 to 20 seconds Changed color of Scan for detecting Heroes and Ethereal Creeps together to a different shade of Blue to avoid confusion with detection of Creep-Heroes and Obrogon Camps Agility Movement Speed bonus changed from 1 per 5 points to 2 per 8 points Intelligence Summon Bonus Damage increases from 1 % per 17 points to 1 % per 19 points Mid Tier 2 HP Regen aura increased from 2 to 3 Regular Hellbears now deal Basic Damage ( from Hero ) Shaman Creep Resurrect Cooldown increased from 20 to 35 seconds Heroes Anti-Mage Mana Eclipse Cooldown increased from 60 to 75 Mana Eclipse Damage Per Magic Damage Absorbed increased from .9/1.1/1.3 to 1/1.2/1.4 Arc Warden Tempest Double can no longer consume Aghanim 's Scepter to obtain a fourth Tempest Double Atrovia Mind Warp duration changed from 3/3.5/4 to 2.5/3.5/4.5 Bane Brain Sap Intelligence reduction increased from 8 to 10 Brain Sap mana cost increased from 80/110/140/170 to 85/115/145/175 Beastmaster Agh 's Boar bleed damage per second decreased from 50 to 40 Aghs Boar Heal to killer on death reduced from 10 % to 7.5 % max health Bolover Assaulting Leap radius changed from 600/700/800/900 to 400/600/800/1000 Chaos Knight Agh 's Double-Or-Nothing toggle cooldown decreased from 15 to 10 Chen Holy Persuasion can no longer convert Obrogon Whelps Drow Ranger Agh 's Upgraded Marksmanship Minimum Distance Increased from 200 to 300 Ent Prince One With Nature cooldown decreased from 90 to 70 Gyrocopter Side Gunner Maximum Decreased from 6 to 4 Side Gunner fire intervals decreased from 1.2 to 1 second Io Tether no longer breaks if it intersects a Tether stolen by Rubick Kuulovic Wight movement speed increased from 300/310/320/330 to 320/325/330/335 Lena Enshroudment night duration increased from 6 to 7 Lina Agh 's Upgraded Light Strike Array blind duration decreased from 4 to 3 Luna Lucent Beam No Longer Refracts off of enemies blinded by Agh 's Upgraded Tinker Laser Monkey King Primal Slam stun duration increased from 1.2 to 1.6 Obrogon Hellfire Blaze Burn duration decreased from 4 to 3 Ogre Magi Base armor increased by 1 Underlord Fake Dark Rift damage increased from 400/500/600 to 400/600/800 Fake Dark Rift damage radius decreased from 400 to 350 Items Corrupted Polearm Night Vision bonus increased from 300 to 350 Day Vision penalty increased from 100 to 150 Divine Shield HP Regen increased from 5.5 % to 6.5 % Armor Aura Increased from 8 to 10
RAW Paste Data
Gameplay Update 6.94b General Captains Mode/Draft Captain Disconnect Grace Period decreased from 30 to 20 seconds Changed color of Scan for detecting Heroes and Ethereal Creeps together to a different shade of Blue to avoid confusion with detection of Creep-Heroes and Obrogon Camps Agility Movement Speed bonus changed from 1 per 5 points to 2 per 8 points Intelligence Summon Bonus Damage increases from 1 % per 17 points to 1 % per 19 points Mid Tier 2 HP Regen aura increased from 2 to 3 Regular Hellbears now deal Basic Damage ( from Hero ) Shaman Creep Resurrect Cooldown increased from 20 to 35 seconds Heroes Anti-Mage Mana Eclipse Cooldown increased from 60 to 75 Mana Eclipse Damage Per Magic Damage Absorbed increased from .9/1.1/1.3 to 1/1.2/1.4 Arc Warden Tempest Double can no longer consume Aghanim 's Scepter to obtain a fourth Tempest Double Atrovia Mind Warp duration changed from 3/3.5/4 to 2.5/3.5/4.5 Bane Brain Sap Intelligence reduction increased from 8 to 10 Brain Sap mana cost increased from 80/110/140/170 to 85/115/145/175 Beastmaster Agh 's Boar bleed damage per second decreased from 50 to 40 Aghs Boar Heal to killer on death reduced from 10 % to 7.5 % max health Bolover Assaulting Leap radius changed from 600/700/800/900 to 400/600/800/1000 Chaos Knight Agh 's Double-Or-Nothing toggle cooldown decreased from 15 to 10 Chen Holy Persuasion can no longer convert Obrogon Whelps Drow Ranger Agh 's Upgraded Marksmanship Minimum Distance Increased from 200 to 300 Ent Prince One With Nature cooldown decreased from 90 to 70 Gyrocopter Side Gunner Maximum Decreased from 6 to 4 Side Gunner fire intervals decreased from 1.2 to 1 second Io Tether no longer breaks if it intersects a Tether stolen by Rubick Kuulovic Wight movement speed increased from 300/310/320/330 to 320/325/330/335 Lena Enshroudment night duration increased from 6 to 7 Lina Agh 's Upgraded Light Strike Array blind duration decreased from 4 to 3 Luna Lucent Beam No Longer Refracts off of enemies blinded by Agh 's Upgraded Tinker Laser Monkey King Primal Slam stun duration increased from 1.2 to 1.6 Obrogon Hellfire Blaze Burn duration decreased from 4 to 3 Ogre Magi Base armor increased by 1 Underlord Fake Dark Rift damage increased from 400/500/600 to 400/600/800 Fake Dark Rift damage radius decreased from 400 to 350 Items Corrupted Polearm Night Vision bonus increased from 300 to 350 Day Vision penalty increased from 100 to 150 Divine Shield HP Regen increased from 5.5 % to 6.5 % Armor Aura Increased from 8 to 10
By announcing SteamOS yesterday , Valve declared that PC gaming is more than desktop gaming , that Windows is not our master , and that—finally—cats can own Steam accounts . The free , Linux-based , cat-friendly operating system is designed for gaming on living room PCs , because PC gaming according to Valve is n't about WASD and DirectX—it 's about openness and collaboration .
We 're free to choose our hardware , our software , our mods , and soon more than ever , how we play , where we play , and whether or not Microsoft gets a cut . If SteamOS takes off , PC gaming will undergo one of its most dramatic changes ever—possibly one more significant than the introduction of the free-to-play model and crowdfunding . That 's thrilling , but also scary as hell , so we 've worked through our fears with a list of SteamOS pros and cons , followed by deep breaths in anticipation of tomorrow 's announcement .
The Pros
It 's free . If you have a living room PC , or plan to build one , you can ditch Windows for free . That feels really good to say , but the adoption rate hinges on SteamOS launching with native support for everything we want in a media and gaming center . Streaming games from a secondary PC is neat , but we 'd rather run them natively on the machine we paid to put in our living room . It also needs native Netflix and Hulu apps , and all the other media services offered by the consoles .
Valve says it 's got this covered , announcing that it 's `` working with many of the media services you know and love , '' and that `` hundreds of great games are already running natively on SteamOS , '' with native `` AAA titles '' to be announced in the coming weeks .
It encourages competition in the console market . May the best Steam Box win ! Windows is n't designed for TVs , so neither are many PCs . Now Valve is giving away a platform for games , movies , and music , challenging hardware manufacturers to make systems that are powerful , quiet , and inexpensive . It used to be Microsoft vs. Sony vs. Nintendo fighting for the top of the living room ecosystem 's food chain—soon it may be Microsoft vs. Sony vs. Nintendo vs. Everyone .
It should run some games better . One of the few advantages consoles have over PCs ( whether or not they always make the best of it ) is an OS specifically designed for gaming . Meanwhile , we have Windows , which is clearly not designed to be an ideal gaming platform . With SteamOS , however , Valve claims it has `` achieved significant performance increases in graphics processing , '' and is now working on `` audio performance and reductions in input latency at the operating system level . ''
Last year , Valve posted a performance test of Left 4 Dead 2 running on Windows 7 and on Ubuntu , and the Linux build came out ahead , saying that the test `` speak [ s ] to the underlying efficiency of the kernel and OpenGL . '' This is n't close to being an objective experiment—and we 'll look forward to making our own evaluations—but it is encouraging .
It means more Linux games , and more couch-friendly PC games . SteamOS is as much about ditching Windows as it is putting PC gaming in the living room , so it affects even those firmly planted in their desk chairs . If SteamOS achieves the installation base it needs for developers big and small embrace Linux , the Microsoft shackles may be broken forever .
The Cons
Steam Boxes may struggle to compete in price . A PC designed to run SteamOS skips over the Windows fee , but unlike a console , the manufacturer ca n't rely on game licensing fees to recoup costs—that money goes to Valve . Sony and Microsoft , however , can price their consoles competitively with that revenue in mind , which gives them the advantage . Valve itself could price hardware this way , but that would undercut third-party hardware manufacturers and could turn out to be anti-competitive . Unless , of course , Valve makes the unlikely move to subsidize the cost of these systems .
It could increase development costs . Major game developers are n't going to ditch Windows , the platform with the world 's largest installation base . If SteamOS becomes a competitive gaming platform , competitive developers will have yet another version to make , soaking up more resources .
The pessimistic angle is that this can only result in either lower quality games or more expensive games . The optimistic angle is that SteamOS will be embraced and prioritized by developers with the same enthusiasm as the consoles .
It could further fragment games and smother certain genres . If SteamOS eclipses the popularity of desktop gaming , developers will have less incentive to develop desktop games . Just as developers rushed into mobile and Facebook development , we could see a flood of controller-based Steam games that push niche and classic-style PC games into the slums .
It 's a scary thought , but when we un-jerk our knees and really consider this scenario , it 's a very minor concern . Crowdfunding has proven without a doubt that there 's still a huge appetite for old fashioned mouse and keyboard PC games . The positive—and more likely—angle is that we 'll see just greater diversity in the Steam library .
It gives Valve even more power over PC gaming . Valve is n't PC gaming . We know that , and millions of League of Legends players , World of Tanks enthusiasts , GOG.com users , modders , and more know that . But Steam is the most popular digital distribution service , and soon , it will be a platform . SteamOS may be free , but it 's only as open as Valve allows . We do n't know yet if we can use SteamOS to play non-Steam games , or if Valve will make exclusivity deals . We 've asked , and Valve 's answer will be a huge indicator of its intentions . [ Update : The announcement of Steam Machines also revealed that the SteamOS source code will be available . ]
If you 've got a passionate thought about SteamOS , we 'd love to include it in our next issue of PC Gamer . We 're always listening at letters @ pcgamer.com .
LCC Too many countries are interfering in their citizens ' right to internet freedom , the Foreign Secretary told the London Conference on Cyberspace ( LCC ) .
“ [ These states ] are seeking to go beyond legitimate interference or disagree with us about what constitutes ‘ legitimate ' behaviour , ” William Hague said .
“ Some governments block online services and content , imposing restrictive regulation , or incorporate surveillance tools into their internet infrastructure so that they can identify activists and critics . Such actions either directly restrict freedom of expression or aim to deter political debate . ”
The LCC kicked off this morning with discussions on internet freedom , cybercrime legislation and international development , as the UK seeks to bring businesses and governments from around the world together to try to reach agreements on the future of cyberspace .
Hague said that the UK 's message on the internet was simple : “ That behaviour that is unacceptable in the ‘ real ' world is also unacceptable in cyberspace . ”
“ This emphatically includes the curtailing of human rights , ” he said .
“ Human rights are universal , and apply online as much as they do offline… Everyone has the right to free and uncensored access to the internet . States should only interfere with these rights in exceptional situations and then only if it is appropriate , effective , proportionate and in accordance with international legal obligations , ” he added .
Despite recent government talks with social network outfits following the London riots , Hague seems to be firmly on the side of freedom of expression online as well .
“ We saw in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya that cutting off the internet , blocking Facebook , jamming Al Jazeera , intimidating journalists and imprisoning bloggers does not create stability or make grievances go away , ” he said . “ Journalists and bloggers must be allowed to express themselves freely and safely and within international standards . ”
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office is running the LCC and Hague will be returning to the conference about 11.30am to make a keynote speech , which will be live-tweeted from @ regvulture .
A keynote speech from US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been cancelled as she decided to stay in the US after her mother fell ill. Clinton was also due to visit Turkey , but will instead be staying at her 92-year-old mother 's side . ®
Mr. Obama 's address on race , delivered in Philadelphia on Tuesday , prompted Mr. Richardson to send word to the senator that he was inspired and impressed by the speech .
“ Senator Barack Obama addressed the issue of race with the eloquence and sincerity and decency and optimism we have come to expect of him , ” Mr. Richardson said at the Portland rally . “ He did not seek to evade tough issues or to soothe us with comforting half-truths . Rather , he inspired us by reminding us of the awesome potential residing in our own responsibility . ”
He added : “ Senator Obama could have given a safer speech . He is , after all , well ahead in the delegate count for our party 's nomination . ”
Mr. Obama and Mr. Richardson appeared together on the stage of the Memorial Coliseum in Portland on Friday morning , greeted by a booming standing ovation . Mr. Richardson was still sporting a beard , which he grew during what he called a period of decompression after abandoning his presidential bid two months ago .
“ I am extraordinarily grateful to have the support of one of the great public servants of these United States — Governor Bill Richardson , ” Mr. Obama said .
Photo
David Plouffe , the Obama campaign manager , told reporters on a conference call Friday morning that Mr. Richardson had made his decision “ very recently. ” “ He thinks we can bring the country together , ” Mr. Plouffe said .
At a news conference after the rally , Mr. Richardson urged Democrats to coalesce around the candidacy of Mr. Obama . He said his endorsement was designed to signal party leaders and voters that the acrimonious primary race must end to unify Democrats for the general election campaign .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Look , I 'm not going to advise any other candidate when to get in and out of the race , ” Mr. Richardson said . He added that Mrs. Clinton “ has a right to stay in the race , but I think eventually we do n't want to go into the Democratic convention bloodied and negative . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Richardson said he had concluded he would endorse Mr. Obama a week ago , but he noted that his decision was bolstered by Mr. Obama 's speech on race in Philadelphia . He telephoned Mrs. Clinton on Thursday evening , to deliver the news .
“ Let me tell you , ” Mr. Richardson said , “ we 've had better conversations . ”
In the third month of the Democratic nominating fight , Mr. Richardson said he had grown dispirited by the tone of the campaign . He pointed the blame toward the Clinton campaign , but cited no examples .
“ I believe the campaign has gotten too negative . I want it to be positive , ” Mr. Richardson said , speaking to reporters here . “ I think that 's what 's been very good about Senator Obama 's campaign — it 's a positive campaign about hope and opportunity . ”
As the nation 's only Hispanic governor , Mr. Richardson could become a champion for Mr. Obama among Hispanic voters , who have been an important voting bloc for Mrs. Clinton in the primaries thus far . And his endorsement is also notable because he is a friend and admirer of Mrs. Clinton , and was widely viewed as a possible running mate for both her and for Mr. Obama .
At several debates last year , Mr. Richardson often came to Mrs. Clinton 's defense as other Democratic rivals criticized her . Since leaving the race , he has spoken frequently with Mrs. Clinton as well as the former president , to whom he is particularly close . ( They watched the Super Bowl together at the New Mexico governor 's mansion in Santa Fe . )
When Mr. Obama learned about the game-watching party , he called the governor . “ You know , I 'd be good company , too , ” Mr. Obama told him , Mr. Richardson recalled in a recent interview .
Mr. Obama did not mention the endorsement as he flew from West Virginia to Oregon on Thursday night .
As a governor , Mr. Richardson can cast a vote as a superdelegate at the Democratic convention in August . Mr. Obama now has an overall lead of 148.5 delegates , according to an analysis by The New York Times ; a candidate needs 2,024 to win the Democratic nomination .
In his statement , Mr. Richardson , who served as ambassador to the United Nations under Mr. Clinton , said “ there is no doubt in my mind that Barack Obama has the judgment and courage we need in a commander in chief when our nation 's security is on the line . He showed this judgment by opposing the Iraq war from the start , and he has shown it during this campaign by standing up for a new era in American leadership internationally . ”
In a prepared statement , Mr. Obama said :
“ Whether it 's fighting to end the Iraq war or stop the genocide in Darfur or prevent nuclear weapons from falling into the hands of terrorists , Governor Richardson has been a powerful voice on issues of global security , peace and justice , earning five Nobel Peace Prize nominations . ”
To the Galician working people :
The corrupt and repressive government of the PP with the complicity of other parties -the social-traitors of the PSOE and the “ legalists ” of IU and Podemos- is preparing the annulment of Catalonia 's self-governance status through article 155 to try to avoid the proclamation of the Republic of Catalonia by the “ Parlament ” .
With the images of the repression of the referendum of October 1 in front of us , in front of the Galician people and the other peoples that today are part of the Spanish State ( Expired and dying monarchist-fascist regime imposed in the year 1978 as a parody of democracy ) , we can affirm that only active defense at all levels of the Rights of the People , being this , the offensive of the working masses , can crush the black dreams of the fascist oligarchy and its allies to perpetuate this odious oppressive regime , direct heir of fascism .
Right now , they have no capacity to repress the just indignation of the masses of workers of the various stateless peoples and other peoples of the Spanish State in front of their repressive and dictatorial stage .
It is time to make way for the offensive !
Although we know of the lack of strong and consolidated proletarian organizations , we are fully relied on the masses of workers , students , peasants and progressive intellectuals , men and women who will live up to the historic events we are experiencing .
Therefore , we make an energetic call for the total stoppage of economic and social activities in Galicia and in the rest of the Spanish State through a great General Strike and to show in the streets the defense of our rights as a class and as a people .
For the Revolutionary General Strike against the corrupt dictatorship of the fascists and the oligarchy ! Down with the Borbon-Francoist monarchy ! Long live the People 's Republic of Galicia ! Long live the People 's Republic of Catalonia ! People 's War until Communism !
Many fashion designers have beautiful fashion croquis to show their designs , aesthetic , and render fabrications . While they look nice , and require a great amount of both time and artistic talent , a technical illustration is needed to communicate your design to your pattern maker and sewing contractor .
A technical drawing differs from a fashion croqui in that it shows a flat rendering of your design , and shows your pattern maker the relationships and proportions between style lines , placement of buttons and zippers , and even stitch types such as top stitching or flat felled seams . Often special seams will be annotated on the drawing .
Most technical drawings are created on the computer , using a program such as Adobe Illustrator . If you feel comfortable , you ( the designer ) can do this yourself , or you can hire an illustrator . Most companies will charge per illustration , rather than by the hour .
A good technical illustration , also called a `` flat '' , will be a scale drawing of your design , both front and back view , and sometimes include detailed drawings of a particular piece , such as a unique pocket design or embroidery . Solid lines show seams , dotted or dashed lines show stitching . Flats are not usually colored in , especially when being used to show the design to your pattern maker , however some designers use flats in their line sheets to show buyers , and in this case it would be appropriate to show colors and prints if applicable . Flats are also utilized , and expanded upon in more detail in your specification package .
If your garment contains any unusual design features or requires specific sewing techniques , it is wise to also have illustrations made up to show these in detail . Along with a sewn sample , it will ensure that your sewing contractor understands what you expect your garment to look like . A side note , some sewing contractors will sew your first samples , others prefer that you or a sample maker do .
Once you have your illustration , front and back , you will use this on your patten card , construction notes , measurement chart ( for grading ) , and often on your company 's line sheets .
For questions or more information on technical illustrations for your company , please email Xochil .
Limited Edition Blu-ray For Documentary 'The Final Member ' Comes With A Real Bull Penis By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
Before we get into the set pictured above , you should first watch the trailer for The Final Member below :
So what is the deal with the crazy package ( no pun intended ) you see above ? If you pre-order the film on Blu-ray now , you will include a set that includes a genuine bull penis . As
`` [ W ] hen June 17th rolls around , you 'll be the owner of one Genuine Bull Penis , a staple in every connoisseur 's phallus collection . Each penis is preserved in a bottle with a wax seal , numbered , and features a Certificate of Authenticity to ensure that you 're receiving the absolute highest quality product . Additionally , each Blu-ray/DVD contains a certificate of donation to the Icelandic Phallological Museum , should you be so inspired . ''
The deal is available through Drafthouse Films - the production company behind the film - and the set can be purchased on
In my personal Blu-ray collection I can count a special Big Lebowski bowling ball , both Inception and Avengers briefcases , and a Toy Story toy chest , but adding a bull penis to the shelf may be a bit extreme . That said , this documentary does look fascinating and I 'd love to know the conclusion of the battle for immortality .
The Final Member is directed by Jonah Bekhor and Zach Math , and while the Blu-ray/DVD will be out in mid-June , the film will be getting a limited theatrical release this Friday . You can head over to the film 's official website
Believe it or not , there is a museum in Iceland that is entirely dedicated penises . Founded in 1974 , the Icelandic Phallological Museum is home to over 280 specimens collected from every different kind of creature you can think of . Except for one : human . Even stranger , this open spot generated a race of sorts between two men who wished to be immortalized forever as the representation of the human penis in the museum . That bizarre story has been captured in the new documentary The Final Member , but in case that 's not strange enough for you , you should check out it 's limited edition Blu-ray/DVD contents.Before we get into the set pictured above , you should first watch the trailer for The Final Member below : So what is the deal with the crazy package ( no pun intended ) you see above ? If you pre-order the film on Blu-ray now , you will include a set that includes a genuine bull penis . As Badass Digest describes , The deal is available through Drafthouse Films - the production company behind the film - and the set can be purchased on their website . You can buy it as either as a DVD or Blu-ray for the same price , $ 39.99.In my personal Blu-ray collection I can count a special Big Lebowski bowling ball , both Inception and Avengers briefcases , and a Toy Story toy chest , but adding a bull penis to the shelf may be a bit extreme . That said , this documentary does look fascinating and I 'd love to know the conclusion of the battle for immortality.The Final Member is directed by Jonah Bekhor and Zach Math , and while the Blu-ray/DVD will be out in mid-June , the film will be getting a limited theatrical release this Friday . You can head over to the film 's official website HERE to find out if the movie is playing in a theater near you . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Bryce Love is low-key and inherently polite .
Friday , when he learned his first collegiate start would come at sold-out Notre Dame Stadium in a nationally-televised , prime-time game against the Fighting Irish , he did n't flinch .
`` Okay , '' he replied to David Shaw , Stanford 's Director of Football .
If Love felt added pressure replacing 2015 AP Player of the Year Christian McCaffrey on the big stage , it did n't show .
`` I did n't really feel much of that , '' he said after sparking Stanford to a 17-10 victory on Saturday night . `` Just got to go out there and do my one-eleventh . My boys will take care of the rest . ''
Showcasing power and speed , the 5-10 , 189-pound sophomore from Wake Forest , North Carolina , ran for 129 yards on 23 carries . He appeared to score the Cardinal 's lone offensive touchdown with 10:38 remaining to give Stanford its first lead , but was ruled to have fumbled at the 1 .
The ball rolled into the back of the end zone , where wide receiver JJ Arcega-Whiteside out-wrestled two Irish defenders and was awarded the touchdown .
It was confusing , to say the least .
Replays seemed to indicate Love 's knee touched near the 1 and that he broke the plane of the goal line by stretching out the ball before losing it . After a long review , Arcega-Whiteside 's heads-up play proved enormous .
Slowed by an early-season injury , Love picked the right time for a breakout performance . With fullback Chris Harrell often paving the way , he ran for 38 yards on the touchdown drive and helped keep the chains moving on Stanford 's final possession , running six times for 31 as offense chewed nearly five minutes off the clock .
`` Bryce is an every down back , '' said Shaw . `` He 's physical , runs through tackles and can push the pile . We knew what we had . ''
Love became more comfortable as the game progressed and found his rhythm behind a resurgent offensive line .
`` It 's one thing to be on the sidelines , waiting , knowing you 're going to go in , '' he said . `` Being out there drive after drive , you start to see some tendencies and it 's a lot easier . ''
The Cardinal also got a huge lift from sophomore cornerback Quenton Meeks , who returned to the starting lineup after missing the past two games with an injury . His pick-six early in the third quarter jump-started Stanford , who outscored Notre Dame 17-0 in the second half .
`` Every time I get my hands on the ball I 'm trying to go to the end zone , '' said Meeks .
It was his second collegiate touchdown , with Meeks returning an interception 66 yards against Iowa in the Rose Bowl Game last January .
Shaw credited Lance Anderson , the Director of Defense , for preparing and coaching his players . The 10 points allowed were the fewest by Notre Dame in the 31-game series .
`` Lance did an outstanding job , '' said Shaw .
Notre Dame converted only five of 14 times on third down .
Stanford ( 3-2 ) hosts Colorado ( 5-2 ) on Reunion Homecoming on Saturday at noon . The Buffaloes defeated Arizona State , 40-16 , and are tied for first with Utah in the Pac-12 South .
Phillip Lindsay ran for 219 yards and three touchdowns in Colorado 's most recent win , while Sefo Liufau threw for 265 . Zane Gonzalez booted field goals of 50 , 51 and 59 yards to equal an FBS record for most 50-plus yard field goals in a game .
Saturday will mark only the fourth meeting since 2011 , with the Cardinal sweeping and outscoring the Buffs , 138-17 .
Last year in Boulder , Stanford won 42-10 . Playing in his home state for first time as a collegian , McCaffrey accumulated 220 all-purpose yards and capped his day by throwing a 28-yard touchdown pass to tight end Austin Hooper on the first play of the fourth quarter . The Cardinal out-rushed Colorado , 275-83 , and finished with a 16-minute time of possession advantage .
The Buffaloes are much-improved under fourth-year head coach Mike MacIntyre . He arrived in Boulder in 2012 , after leading San Jose State to its first 10-win season in 25 years ( 11-2 ) .
Stanford and Colorado have played one common opponent : USC . The Cardinal prevailed at home , 27-10 , while the Buffs fell in Los Angeles , 21-17 .
Halfway through the season , Stanford 's first six opponents have a combined record of 22-17 ( Kansas State is 3-3 , USC is 4-3 , UCLA is 3-4 , Washington is 6-0 , Washington State is 4-2 and Notre Dame is 2-5 ) .
The remaining six teams have posted a 14-22 mark ( Colorado is 5-2 , Arizona is 2-4 , Oregon State is 2-4 , Oregon is 2-4 , Cal is 3-3 and Rice is 0-5 ) .
Extra Points ... Shaw called McCaffrey `` questionable '' for Colorado ... Arcega-Whiteside has now scored a touchdown in four straight games ... With two interceptions , the Cardinal has eight in its past seven games ... Tight end Greg Taboada returned to action and caught one pass for 21 yards ... The 27 combined points matched the fewest in series history , dating to 1942 , when Notre Dame prevailed , 27-0 ... After playing six consecutive night contests , Stanford returns home for a noon start Saturday against Colorado . It 's the earliest kickoff since a 1 p.m. start against UC Davis in 2014 ... Ron Johnson '80 , founder and CEO of Enjoy , served as Stanford 's honorary captain ... Stanford will recognize its 50th reunion class prior to Saturday 's game .
The deal to secure the future of Aldershot Town is due to be announced on Monday , BBC Surrey reports .
Administrators Quantuma Restructuring expect to overcome a number of legal obstacles and complete a deal with Shahid Azeem 's consortium .
Any deal would need to be ratified by the Football Conference but joint administrator Carl Jackson is `` not anticipating any problems '' .
The EBB Stadium outfit went into administration in May .
`` It is my understanding that the transaction will satisfy the Conference 's financial rules , '' Jackson said .
The Conference Premier club 's creditors approved the terms of a proposed Company Voluntary Agreement last Thursday .
Since then , negotiations have continued with some creditors , while supporters of the Hampshire club have raised over £60,000 in an attempt to bridge a financial shortfall and save the Shots from liquidation .
Aldershot entered administration five days after being relegated from League Two with debts eventually revealed to be £1.4m .
Subject to a deal being completed , they will start the Conference Premier campaign with a 10-point deduction .
NASA is looking at landing spacecraft on asteroids and comets by firing harpoons into their surfaces .
The space agency , which would be following the footsteps of its European counterpart which landed Philae on a comet last year , plans on using harpoons and tethers to explore multiple comets or asteroids in the future .
A spacecraft would fly close to the target and cast an extending tether towards its prey , before attaching itself with a harpoon that 's attached to the tether , NASA says .
The spacecraft would then “ reel out ” the tether and turn on a brake that collects energy as the spacecraft accelerates .
“ Hitchhiking a celestial body is not as simple as sticking out your thumb , because it flies at an astronomical speed and it wo n't stop to pick you up , ” said space agency scientist said Masahiro Ono .
“ Instead of a thumb , our idea is to use a harpoon and a tether . ”
The tethers are intended to be reusable and anywhere between 62 and 620 miles long , meaning they could explore many targets on one mission .
When the spacecraft is done with the comet or asteroid it has landed on , it would be able to use the energy collected from the braking process to retrieve the tether .
“ This kind of hitchhiking could be used for multiple targets in the main asteroid belt or the Kuiper Belt , even five to 10 in a single mission , ” Ono said .
However , this is still an early stage research project from the NASA scientists and so is a long way from becoming a reality .
As the ESA proved last year , it is n't easy to catch an asteroid , let alone land something on the surface of it .
When Philae touched down on the comet towards the end of last year it bounced on the surface several times and space scientists thought they had lost the probe .
The harpoon landers of the spacecraft also failed to launch properly meaning that it has n't been properly attached to the comet 's surface .
If NASA is going to attempt to harpoon itself to a comet in the future , then it will need to ensure the materials used for its spacecraft are up to the job .
TL+ Announced Text by Hot_Bid
Please tell me what this is so I can buy it .
Today we 're announcing TL+ , a premium service for the TL forums . TL+ will be a feature similar to Reddit Gold : purchasers will gain some special features and abilities on our forums , like the removal of banner advertisements , access to special TL+ forums , and other cool stuff . You can buy it for yourself or gift it to other TL users .
How does this impact regular users ?
For many of you , this changes nothing on the site . We 're making sure that the normal user experience is not altered in any significant way , aside from seeing a few small icons or post highlights . Of course , you 'll have to live with the mystery of not knowing what is in the secret TL+ forum of awesomeness but we assume you 'll be able to survive .
Oh no , is TL selling out ? ?
OK let 's be real for a second . It 's no secret that we 're trying to find ways to generate income for us , like creating and promoting TL store items . However , our goal for `` commercializing '' TL has always been to do it in a way that does n't negatively impact the average user 's experience , only add to it . We feel that TL+ achieves this goal : it adds a lot of fun features for very active TL users and supporters , while being non-intrusive to those that do n't wish to buy it . In addition , it provides an option for those that wish to support TL without being forced to see ads , something we really did n't offer until now .
Why did n't all these features exist already for free ?
We 've actually considered this quite a bit in the past . The reason is these features ca n't really be justified for all users for various reasons , like server load , spam concerns , or cost . As for the future , rest assured , if a feature is `` core '' to TL users we wo n't be making it premium-only , and we 'll continue to improve the site for everyone as we 've always done .
So if I buy this , I can repeatedly insult the unwashed masses of normal users without fear of being banned ?
No , you jerk . TL+ users will largely be moderated the same way as normal users , and will be held to the same posting standards . The TL+ private forums however may have slightly less strict moderation when it comes to thread and post content . If you buy TL+ for yourself or gift it to others , you are just purchasing some added features and access while supporting TL . It is not a get-out-of-ban free card or a way to feel superior to others .
TL+ Trailer / Commercial
Here is everything you need to know about TL+ condensed into 35 seconds of `` Inception '' music .
Features
+ No Ads
This is pretty self explanatory : for you , the banner ads on TL will be removed . You will also have an option to turn off TL created ads , like the countdowns we have top right for big events .
+ Private TL+ Forum
In this private forum , all TL+ members will become best friends . What will be in this forum ? What does your heart tell you ? Follow your dreams .
+ Filter button ( view all posts by a single person in a thread )
By clicking on this button you can see all the posts made by a single user in a thread . It 's also extremely useful for stalking people .
+ View all button ( view 1000 forum posts on one page )
For the TL user that ca n't be bothered to scroll through pages , you can now browse threads of any length 1000 posts at a time . For example , a 300-page Live Report thread can be 6 pages . Regular users can only do this for threads under 1000 posts .
+ Send PM 's to multiple recipients
Now you can mass PM all the moderators every day ! But seriously do n't do this or we will ban you .
+ Subscribed Threads and Favorite Streams limits increased from 50 to 200
There are more than 50 cool threads and streamers on TL so here 's your chance to bookmark all of them .
+ Ability to report forum posts to moderators
If you 're too scared to fight crime in real life you can do it on the internet instead by reporting bad posts or users . The mods still have the final say in whether action is taken , but it is kind of fun to contribute to some idiot being banned . Note : regular users with accounts over 1+ year old will still get a report button .
+ Small icon showing you are a TL+ member
In the bottom right of your post you 'll have a tiny plus indicating you are a TL+ member . Please do n't use this as an excuse to act like you are superior to other users . You can feel free to secretly feel this way though . If you are gifted TL+ for a specific post , the post itself will have a gold bar .
Price
TL+ will cost the same whether you are purchasing for yourself or someone else . There are discounts for buying more months . Currently there is no `` lifetime TL+ '' membership . We 'll work on that . In the meantime , enjoy the new features !
$ 3.95 ( 1 month )
$ 18.95 ( 6 months )
$ 29.95 ( 12 months )
This is pretty self explanatory : for you , the banner ads on TL will be removed . You will also have an option to turn off TL created ads , like the countdowns we have top right for big events.In this private forum , all TL+ members will become best friends . What will be in this forum ? What does your heart tell you ? Follow your dreams.By clicking on this button you can see all the posts made by a single user in a thread . It 's also extremely useful for stalking people.For the TL user that ca n't be bothered to scroll through pages , you can now browse threads of any length 1000 posts at a time . For example , a 300-page Live Report thread can be 6 pages . Regular users can only do this for threads under 1000 posts.Now you can mass PM all the moderators every day ! But seriously do n't do this or we will ban you.There are more than 50 cool threads and streamers on TL so here 's your chance to bookmark all of them.If you 're too scared to fight crime in real life you can do it on the internet instead by reporting bad posts or users . The mods still have the final say in whether action is taken , but it is kind of fun to contribute to some idiot being banned . Note : regular users with accounts over 1+ year old will still get a report button.In the bottom right of your post you 'll have a tiny plus indicating you are a TL+ member . Please do n't use this as an excuse to act like you are superior to other users . You can feel free to secretly feel this way though . If you are gifted TL+ for a specific post , the post itself will have a gold bar.TL+ will cost the same whether you are purchasing for yourself or someone else . There are discounts for buying more months . Currently there is no `` lifetime TL+ '' membership . We 'll work on that . In the meantime , enjoy the new features ! Today we 're announcing TL+ , a premium service for the TL forums . TL+ will be a feature similar to Reddit Gold : purchasers will gain some special features and abilities on our forums , like the removal of banner advertisements , access to special TL+ forums , and other cool stuff . You can buy it for yourself or gift it to other TL users.For many of you , this changes nothing on the site . We 're making sure that the normal user experience is not altered in any significant way , aside from seeing a few small icons or post highlights . Of course , you 'll have to live with the mystery of not knowing what is in the secret TL+ forum of awesomeness but we assume you 'll be able to survive.OK let 's be real for a second . It 's no secret that we 're trying to find ways to generate income for us , like creating and promoting TL store items . However , our goal for `` commercializing '' TL has always been to do it in a way that does n't negatively impact the average user 's experience , only add to it . We feel that TL+ achieves this goal : it adds a lot of fun features for very active TL users and supporters , while being non-intrusive to those that do n't wish to buy it . In addition , it provides an option for those that wish to support TL without being forced to see ads , something we really did n't offer until now.We 've actually considered this quite a bit in the past . The reason is these features ca n't really be justified for all users for various reasons , like server load , spam concerns , or cost . As for the future , rest assured , if a feature is `` core '' to TL users we wo n't be making it premium-only , and we 'll continue to improve the site for everyone as we 've always done.No , you jerk . TL+ users will largely be moderated the same way as normal users , and will be held to the same posting standards . The TL+ private forums however may have slightly less strict moderation when it comes to thread and post content . If you buy TL+ for yourself or gift it to others , you are just purchasing some added features and access while supporting TL . It is not a get-out-of-ban free card or a way to feel superior to others.Here is everything you need to know about TL+ condensed into 35 seconds of `` Inception '' music . @ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http : //i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
Dear readers ,
Today 's crossdressing success story is a heart warming story of a lady that finds an unusual twist on the road while she 's out and about as her femme self . There 's something about the peace of being who you are that changes everything . If you 'd like to submit your story to be featured on Crossdresser Heaven , please send 500-700 words of your own sincere awakening – whether large or small – to Crossdresser Heaven . If you 're comfortable sharing pictures , that would inspire others .
An usual success story
My story is quite typical of a cross dresser in some respects but then goes off on a tangent . I first fully cross dressed in 1990 and was as afraid and paranoid as they come to step out in public but I did it with the help of Virginia Prince herself . Shirley was born when I saw the woman in the mirror . She was me and I had to give her a name . I went out as Shirley once or twice a month from then until 1997 when suddenly it was n't good enough anymore . I wanted to be a real woman as in genetically complete but that is n't currently possible so I withdrew resigned to my fate in deep depression . I locked Shirley away for 13 years but in 2010 a change came . My spirit started to lift for what reason I still do n't know but I started to feel more and more girly and by May of 2011 I got Shirley together and she was free again . This time however it was with a different attitude . I no longer cared if I passed or not or if anyone liked it or not . I am to this day defiant . Just try and stop me and I 'll make you pay .
So I started going out as Shirley again once or twice a month but suddenly there came a day I 've feared for 22 years . I was out as Shirley 6 weeks ago and felt so comfortable as a woman and happy as my natural self and so warmly accepted by everyone suddenly I did n't want to go back to being Gordon the actor , the clown , so sad , miserable and depressed on masculine island . I 'm happy for you boys here having a ball and I hate to leave in what might seem like an undignified rush but that person you see out on the water madly rowing away to the opposite shore is me .
Something magic has happened contrary to what most would expect . I go out as my very friendly , upbeat , humorous loving self and everybody loves me back whether they read me or not and is happy to see me as Shirley . Is it just my personal charm or is it just that no cares anymore ? I think it 's a combination of both but mostly my personal charm . I think I could sell bikinis to Eskimos and charm the socks off almost anyone . It works for me and I love it . I can either build my own computer business or go back into computer programming . I 'm still thinking about it .
So I 'm successfully transgendered and living like or as a woman could and probably will the rest of my life . I am so happy and comfortable in the feminine role my life would 've been better if I had done it long ago . I was miserable as a man .
So I 've pulled a Virginia Prince . I 'm living as a woman but will not transition like a transsexual . I suppose that makes me a pretty rare bird but it does n't really matter in a world where everyone is absolutely unique .
That 's my success story . It was supposed to be impossible or at least very impractical but here I am living my dream . Freedom is priceless .
Shirley xoxo
Tags :
Posted 19 August 2015 - 12:15 PM
Death Proof , on 19 August 2015 - 12:09 PM , said :
Something to think about for those that voted opt-in : If it 's opt-in , nobody will display it unless it 's tier 4 or 5 ... in which case players will realize that you 're probably mid-low tier .
Quote
There are 5 Skill Tiers in which a pilot can be ranked : Tier 1 being comprised of the best-rated players in the game , and Tier 5 being comprised of pilots who are in dire need of additional training .
And you are wrong . There are a lot of people that are not tryhards and ok to be 4-5 tier , and also people that do n't think that they should show off their tier 1 . So no , you wo n't be able to 'realize ' what tier player is if it 's hidden . And you can take a guess about it even now anyway .
IN AN EARLY SCENE from the HBO documentary Homegrown , an FBI agent describes his angst while tracking a teenager 's engagement in the online jihadi world . “ You almost want to pick up the phone and say , ‘ Son , do n't do this , ' ” the agent reflects . The teenager in question was Shifa Sadequee , a 19-year-old who was arrested on terrorism charges in 2006 . Following a 2009 trial in which Sadequee represented himself , he was sentenced to 17 years in prison plus an additional 30 years of supervision .
The ethical issues involved in preventive counterterrorism cases like Sadequee 's are the theme behind much of Homegrown . Following 9/11 , law enforcement agencies were given a mandate to halt terrorist acts before they occurred , rather than investigate crimes after the fact . This directive inevitably gave rise to some disturbing ethical questions . When is it acceptable to arrest someone for a crime they have n't actually committed , but you think they might commit in the future ? At what point do a teenager 's online postings turn into a terrorism offense ?
Born in Virginia to parents from Bangladesh , Sadequee was raised largely in suburban Georgia . In the years leading up to his arrest , during his early and mid-teens , he was the subject of intense online surveillance by law enforcement . Around the age of 16 , Sadequee became involved online with a group of young men who had been translating jihadi material into English . The men were generally not in direct contact , and were scattered in different countries around the English-speaking world . Online , some of them expressed support for terrorist groups and made threats of future violence .
In real life , Sadequee was a socially awkward teenager growing up in a broken home . But in the virtual world , he used his language skills and scholarly demeanor to become something of a respected figure , making friends and contacts throughout North America and Europe . As time went on , Sadequee began immersing himself more deeply in this new community .
In 2005 , he and another young man , Syed Haris Ahmed , made a trip to Toronto to meet with a group of men they had befriended online , several of whom were later arrested in a separate terrorism sting . Roughly a month after that visit , Sadequee and Ahmed traveled to Washington , D.C. , where they made a “ casing video ” of major landmarks in the city . While providing limited strategic value , the videos were deeply provocative . In footage shown on Homegrown , Sadequee and Ahmed pan a camera across the Pentagon and White House while making threatening comments . The video they made was later alleged by the government to have been created for online propaganda , rather than as preparation for a specific attack . The footage was played at trial as evidence of their intent to support terrorism .
After this trip , while Sadequee 's online persona grew more fearsome , his real life continued along the path his family had expected of him . At 19 , Sadequee traveled to Bangladesh to get married . But just days after his wedding , he was abducted by plainclothes Bengali police officers off the streets of Dhaka and extradited to the United States . For the next several years , he was held in pre-trial solitary confinement , an experience that had an emotionally traumatic effect on him . His lawyers and family also say that Sadequee suffered repeated assaults and psychological abuse while awaiting trial .
In 2009 , Sadequee was tried , convicted , and sentenced to a 17-year federal sentence . But even after receiving that harsh sentence , the irksome fact remained that Sadequee had never actually committed an act of terrorism . The allegations against him amounted to statements and translations he had made online as a teenager . At his trial , Sadequee said that these online activities were “ just talk , ” and were never intended to manifest in an act of violence .
“ Shifa was never accused of making any specific threat or plot . The government did n't even have to prove that he did anything , just that he had the intent , which they did use his online chats and translation activities , ” says Khurrum Wahid , who served as Sadequee 's stand-by counsel during the trial and who also appears in Homegrown . “ It goes down to the issue of what you do when you come across a teenager making provocative statements online . As a society , is it our responsibility to string them along and send them to jail ? ”
Wahid is outraged about the government 's handling of Sadequee 's case and those of other young people that involve preventive policing . “ In no other context would we accept that we arrest and jail people for further actions that have n't happened , ” he says . “ The right solution in cases of teenagers like Shifa might be to call the families and do an intervention , which is what would happen in any other case . But for some reason , we decide that terrorism is different . ”
Sadequee was not arrested until the age of 19 , but it appears that the government had been surveilling him closely for many years before that . Among the accusations against him were that he had sought to join the Taliban in December 2001 . At that time , Sadequee would have been 15 years old .
Mubin Shaikh , a specialist on counterterrorism and former undercover agent , infiltrated Sadequee 's group of Toronto friends a few months after his 2005 visit to Canada . Although torn about sending young men in terror cases to prison for extended terms , Shaikh says that law enforcement often has little choice . “ The dilemma is , What happens when you 're watching someone and you blow the undercover part and confront them with their family in their homes ? A suspect might remain committed to a plot , and then go alert his co-conspirators to derail a broader investigation , ” he says . Shaikh further notes that were an individual to go on and commit a criminal act after a failed intervention , public criticism would inevitably fall upon law enforcement for failing to stop someone who was “ known to authorities . ”
“ Perhaps a third option could be to provide counseling in prison to help reduce their sentence once incarcerated , ” he says . “ But it 's not clear if Western institutions are even prepared for such programs yet . ”
Over roughly 90 minutes , Homegrown discusses the case of Sadequee , as well as others like Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan Malik , from the perspective of law enforcement , local communities , and the families of the accused . As a film , it succeeds in offering a more nuanced take on the subject of radicalization than many other mainstream productions . Over generic footage of Muslim Americans going about their lives , the film airs voiceovers from counterterrorism officials describing the threat of terrorism as wildly overblown in the public imagination . Left unspoken , however , is the somewhat underwhelming nature of even those “ terrorists ” who do end up being identified and apprehended in the United States today .
Since the rise of the Islamic State , a steadily increasing number of young men similar in profile to Sadequee have been arrested due to statements and postings they 've made online . A report issued this week by George Washington University 's Program on Extremism found that since March 2014 , 84 individuals , mostly young men , have been arrested in the United States for allegedly supporting ISIS . Some , like Khalil Abu Rayyan , 21 , were seemingly disturbed young men who thought they were interacting online with friends or potential love interests . Others , like John T. Booker , had well-documented histories of mental illness before their postings brought them to the attention of authorities . In many of the cases , it seems highly questionable whether the individuals involved had the capacity to commit a crime without the assistance of law enforcement .
In the film , Sadequee 's older sister Sharmin emerges as a powerful advocate on his behalf . Since his arrest and incarceration , she and her sister have devoted themselves to his case , as well as to the cases of other young men whom they say have been railroaded by law enforcement agencies .
“ We are a family who learned firsthand how the counterterrorism industry actively seeks to destroy innocent people with manufactured terrorism cases , ” Sharmin Sadequee told The Intercept . “ The government conceded at his trial that there was no plot or plan of a plot to harm anyone or anything . So why is Shifa in prison for 10 years ? These types of cases are used to assault us with fear and hysteria and silence us from protesting our government 's wars abroad . ”
DC Collectibles has announced that , for the first time , they will be creating action figures based on the numerous DC Comics Movies ! That 's right , a long time request by fans is coming to fruition this year . And they 're kicking it off with some heavy hitters . Included are the following figures :
Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justic
Armored Batman
Superman
Wonder Woman
Lex Luthor
Suicide Squad
El Diablo
Harley Quinn
Man of Steel
Zod
Faora
Jor-El
These were created using 3D sculpts and are based on their appearances in the films . The specific scale is not listed . Yahoo was given the first look and there 's a ton of extra info after the jump . Read on to see the pics as well .
Update – the line is confirmed at 6 Inch scale , to be called DC Films Premium 6 '' Action Figures
Armored Batman
The beefed-up Batsuit helps the Caped Crusader in his showdown with the Man of Steel in Batman v Superman . Bats was created using scans of Ben Affleck and , like the rest of the new figures , has 36 points of articulation . The figure also comes with swappable hands , accessories that include grapple gun and grenade launcher , and a stand . ( Available in September , $ 50 )
Superman
Henry Cavill 's ripped physique is captured in this Batman v Superman version of Krypton 's favorite son . The figure includes a swappable head featuring Supes 's glowing red eyes as well as three different sets of hands . ( Available in September ; $ 45 )
Wonder Woman
The third member of DC 's Trinity , played by Gal Gadot , is primed for battle , with her sword , shield , and golden lariat , along with interchangeable hands . ( Available in November ; $ 45 )
Lex Luthor
The Man of Steel 's archnemesis ( played by Jesse Eisenberg ) makes his debut in the DC cinematic universe in Batman v Superman . Among his accessories : a case full of Kryptonite , changeable hands , and , our favorite , Lex 's trademark bald head . ( Available in November ; $ 45 )
Harley Quinn
The grand dame of the Suicide Squad , the unhinged Harley Quinn ( Margot Robbie ) comes all tatted up and extremely well-armed . In addition to her explosive collar ( used to keep the villains in check during their missions ) , the figure includes a pistol and , of course , her hammer . ( Available in 2017 ; price TBA )
El Diablo
This Squaddie ( Jay Hernandez ) has pyro powers and some creepy facial tats . ( Available in 2017 ; price TBA )
Zod
Man of Steel is also well-represented in the new line of figures . Here 's the chief antagonist ( played by Michael Shannon ) , a Kryptonian hellbent on destroying Earth . Zod also plays a key role in the upcoming Batman v Superman . The figure comes with three different heads ( angry face , laser eyes , and mask ) and an assortment of hands . ( Available in September ; $ 45 )
Faora
Zod 's partner in mayhem ( played by Antje Traue ) models the latest in Kryptonian war armor and includes a swappable masked head , interchangeable hands , and a knife . ( Available in September ; $ 45 )
Jor-El
Superman 's daddy ( Russell Crowe ) comes equipped with his Man of Steel armor , rifle , and interchangeable hands . ( Available in September ; $ 45 )
From the DC Collectibles Press Release…
Frame new law if disappointed over SC gay sex verdict : BJP
Delhi , Politics , Immigration/Law/Rights , Thu , 12 Dec 2013 IANS
null
New Delhi , Dec 12 ( IANS ) The Bharatiya Janata Party Thursday refrained from taking sides on the Supreme Court 's judgment on same gender sex between adults , saying the government should consult all parties and frame a law .
`` There is no need to be so disappointed . The Supreme Court has said the government can frame a law , '' Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said in reply to a question on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi 's statement on the judgment .
`` Call an all-party meeting , draft a proposal . Just saying it is unfortunate wo n't serve any purpose , '' Sushma Swaraj said .
`` We will react when we see the government 's proposal . We can not react to the apex court judgment , '' she added .
Earlier Thursday , Sonia Gandhi said she was `` disappointed '' that the apex court reversed the Delhi High Court ruling on the issue of gay rights .
`` I hope parliament will address this issue and uphold constitutional guarantee of life and liberty to all citizens , including those directly affected by this judgment . We are proud that our culture has always been an inclusive and tolerant one , '' Sonia Gandhi said .
The Supreme Court Wednesday ruled that consensual sex between adults of the same gender was an offence , as held in Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code . It set aside the Delhi High Court verdict of 2009 , which decriminalised sexual relationship between adults of the same gender under that law .
null
Thanks to the hundreds of readers who made yesterday the most-visited day for my blog yet ! And a big thanks to QuestionCopyright.org for their kind words about the article everyone was reading . If you have n't checked out their site , it 's great .
As you can imagine I 've been getting a lot of feedback , both positive and negative . I 'd like to respond to a F.A.Q . that boils down to something Upton Sinclair said : “ It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it. ” ( thanks to Aaron Wolf for the quote ) .
In other words , if I 'm a musician that acknowledges free or near-free music as an inevitability , and I 'm watching my income depreciate thanks to this effect , what the hell am I supposed to do ? Is n't it impossible to make a living as a musician if one 's music is available for free ?
It 's an issue that Free Culture advocates should be acutely sensitive to . In fact , I believe most of the negative feedback I 've received stems from the frustration of artists who do n't know how to approach this new business of free music .
First , I need to dispel this myth that musicians are getting paid by the people consuming their music . In fact , it is the labels , publishers and performing rights organizations that get paid and then distribute money to musicians . Along the way , that money is subject to all manner of recoupment , administrative fees and questionable distribution formulas that favor corporate-backed music enterprises . So forget about this idea that when you buy music , the musician is making money . Too often , musicians making money is the exception to the rule .
Second , I need to dispel another myth — that when musicians make money , it 's because their music is good , or at least popular . It 's certainly much harder to make money off of bad music , though a casual glance at the Billboard top 100 shows it can be done if you throw enough money at the problem .
But creating music people enjoy is only a small part of the business of success as a musician . It 's the musician 's business team that often determines how lucrative and sustainable the artist 's career is . You may be surprised to compare two artists with the same amount of album downloads and see that one is broke while the other is buying an iced-out watch . A good or bad manager or lawyer is all it takes to make the difference there .
So , now that we understand musicians make money when they have a successful business team that knows how to play the game of squeezing money from labels , publishers and performing rights organizations , we are more qualified to answer the question , “ How are musicians supposed to make money in a free culture ? ”
As you can see , it 's the musician 's business partners that first must answer this question . And no matter how well they understand the potential answers , it may be moot if the labels , publishers and performing rights organizations continue in vein to put off changing their old business models to new ones that embrace technology . I probably do n't have to tell you that this is exactly what 's happening to a large extent .
While efforts drag on to reform mechanical licensing and manage the complex micropayment chaos threatening the industry 's ability to compensate anyone fairly , the truth is none of the musician-industry intermediates are going to be making graceful paradigm shifts into a free or near-free music model anytime soon .
Therefore , the onus is on us , the musicians , to work with our business teams in ways that obviate the need for old methods of making money .
In fact this is exactly what 's happening . Steve “ Renman ” Rennie , manager of the uber-successful band Incubus , has publicly stated that record labels no longer have much to offer a profitable act . The list of bands foregoing labels is huge — keep in mind that it 's not the musicians saying , “ we 're fed up with the old way of doing things ” but the business team themselves . When the lawyers , wheelers and dealers that have to keep the money coming in are telling the labels they suck , we ought to take note .
Self-publishing is reaching new heights as well , with the ability to license music through any number of democratizing Internet services that aggregate independent music for paying licensees . And while the performing artist organizations ( ASCAP , BMI , SESAC and SoundExchange here in the U.S. ) continue to try to adapt to the changing landscape , musicians and businesspeople alike are starting to question their efficacy in helping small music businesses make money , noticing how much of the spoils are concentrated among wealthily , powerful industry incumbents .
The question is “ How do musicians make money in a Free Culture ? ” and by now you 've seen they ca n't rely on record labels , publishing companies or performing rights organizations like they used to .
You 've also seen this is a question that musicians are n't asking rhetorically out into the ether — their business teams are hearing it , probably once a week at least .
Allow me to answer the question with a quick but relevant anecdotal aside . All around me I see people choosing to go into business for themselves rather than get a job at a corporation . In addition to the difficulty of finding a job opening in the first place , they know that we no longer live in a world where you work for 40 years and automatically become a company man/woman with a fat retirement package and full benefits . So I see many people making the smart move to control their own destiny and start their own small business . They know they can no longer rely on the corporations for sustainability .
The same exact thing is happening in music . Musicians and their business teams are realizing they need to aggressively pursue their own small businesses , no longer able to rely on the old methods of making money . They are taking matters into their own hands and taking full responsibility for their own success or failure .
I realize this may be more abstract of an answer than you were expecting . I 'm telling you the way to make money in Free Culture is to look outside labels , publishing and performing/mechanical rights , but not giving any specifics as to what those outside sources are .
The Future of Music Coalition 's recent landmark study on Artist Revenue Streams is the best place to start looking for specific money sources . It identifies 42 discrete revenue streams that musicians and their business teams can draw upon . Granted , a bunch of them have to do with labels , publishing or PROs , but plenty do n't . The short , specific answer would be to comb this list for those exceptions — particularly those under the headers ‘ Brand-Related Revenue ' and ‘ Fan , Corporate and Foundation Funding ' .
I have a marketing background , so I 'm keen on thinking of everything as a “ marketing funnel ” . Basically , picture a funnel where the wide end represents casual interest in your band , and the nozzle is where true fans pass through with their money . Somewhere in the middle are your Facebook and other social media followers .
Free or near-free music represents the widest , cheapest funnel entry possible . In fact , it no longer becomes about marketing music in the traditional sense of manufacturing popularity . By democratizing music discovery , small music businesses have a shot at eking out a modest living . ( If that 's at the expense of R Kelly having to take a taxi instead of a limo , so be it . )
Social media provides a filter for the funnel to catch and keep people 's attention . Looked at in purely capitalist terms , following a band on a social network or app is akin to saying , “ I would consider spending money on this band or a product affiliated with its music ” .
If you 're going to push fans into the money-making nozzle of the funnel , this is where you begin . Not somehow interacting with your online following , especially when it 's in the three- or four-figure range , is like opening a retail store and not staffing it . This is where the concept of “ band as brand ” becomes critical . If that whole idea makes you want to puke , well , you wo n't be puking your way to the bank . Besides , that 's what managers are for .
Now that you 've pulled your fans to the edge of spending money on your band , it 's time to push them over . This is where the formula for making money as a musician is super-easy to understand . Getting them to a live show to buy a T-shirt is your goal now . Clearly this will not add up to rock and roll riches , but will provide the cash-on-hand you need to run the business of your band . The second this basic revenue stream dries up , so does your business . This was true before Free Culture and still is .
Now , give the fans what they truly want : The ability to directly support you , and feel part and parcel toward your success . Patronage through crowd funding and other inventive means is the new label deal — a deal with your fans who are excited to know their money is going “ directly to the cause ” . They can see their money paying off in front of their eyes through behind-the-scenes updates leading up to the launch of the product they backed . It truly is one of the most exciting things happening on the Internet and if you 're not privy or convinced , read my recent article Top 3 Reasons Musicians are Scared of Crowd Funding and Why They Should Get Over It .
If that 's not specific enough for you , I 'll give you one more . It may be the least specific idea in and of itself , but from it you can draw many specific streams of revenue . My red-letter advice to musicians trying to make a living in a time of ubiquitous , free access to music…
Make something scarce .
Rather , make anything scarce — it does n't matter . Make limited edition vinyl . Make original artwork . Do you have a contingent of golf fans in your audience ? Make custom golf balls . Make leather dog collars with your band name . Make a custom ringtone on commission . The only thing it takes is imagination to make something scarce — something sorely in short supply . But something tells me this movement to take back culture from the subjugation of industry and oppressive intellectual property law could mean we 've got a lot more imagination to spare — and that 's a good thing .
Not incidentally , the same idea of scarcity that applies to your business applies to your music itself . The new scarcity in music is not about how many copies are made available — infinite copies have reached near-zero distribution costs on the Internet . The new scarcity in music is , “ how awesome is it ? ”
We have our whole lives to struggle to make a living , but life is too short not to be awesome .
And remember , true musicians do n't make music to make money . We continue to rock whether it pays the bills or not .
When scientists prepare a batch of proteins to study , such as antibodies that detect cancer , they lose some of the precious product in a tangled , gummy snarl . Unwinding those proteins and then letting them refold in their proper shapes is a tedious , sometimes days-long process , and it usually salvages only some of the material . It 's as hard as , say , unboiling an egg .
But now , with actual snarled proteins from boiled egg whites , Gregory Weiss 's lab can do exactly that—unboil or untangle proteins—in just minutes . Recovering such molecules would be a powerful boost for biotech research and the manufacturing industry , which rely on proteins for everything from therapeutic drugs to laundry detergent to biofuels . “ When you go to make proteins , you find very quickly it often does n't come out as this beautiful , crystal clear , well folded sample , ” says Weiss , a biochemical researcher at the University of California , Irvine . “ You get this gunky mess that actually looks a lot like egg whites . ”
Weiss 's group revitalized proteins with a specialized machine called a vortex fluid device . They described the process in a paper released online in ChemBioChem . Weiss first saw the machine on a visit to Flinders University in Australia . Researchers there , led by Colin Raston , built the device to control a variety of complicated chemical reactions at the molecular level . The device places molecules in a liquid and sends it through a spinning , open-ended test tube . The liquid spreads out into a thin layer , just a few hundred microns thick , and the forces in the rapidly moving tube transfer energy into the molecules in a controlled way . ( A micron is one millionth of a meter . )
When Weiss saw data showing the device peeling tightly bound graphene—sheets of carbon only a few atoms thick—off of a block of graphite , he immediately thought it could be the solution to his protein tangles . He turned to an easy protein source : the egg . An egg white is made of water containing a variety of proteins , including lysozyme , which plays a part in the immune system . When the white is boiled , the heat breaks some structural bonds in the proteins , making them lose their precise , folded forms . The proteins clump together and fold into a solid mass .
To recover the lysozyme the researchers start by dissolving the egg white overnight in a solution that breaks the clumps apart . They come back the next day to a clear solution full of unfolded proteins .
Refolding is the real challenge . Usually the solution is slowly pulled away and diluted bit by bit until the proteins can refold without crashing back together into a tangle . Other methods use heat or pressure to help the process along but they take a lot of energy and can damage the proteins .
Instead , Weiss 's group whirls the unfolded proteins through the vortex fluid device , where they fan out in a thin layer and separate from their neighbors . This allows the molecules to refold without retangling . By adjusting the speed and rotation , scientists can fine-tune the force of the vortex , making it strong enough to pull proteins apart from one another but gentle enough to let them refold into their natural shapes .
Different proteins call for different procedures . When the scientists first tried restoring a protein produced by Escherichia coli bacteria that was three times larger than the egg protein , it would not refold . They managed to coax it into action by binding one end of the protein to a heavy bead , so that end would be more fixed in place . This mimicked the way the protein naturally folds bit by bit as it is produced in the cell , by a protein-making organelle called a ribosome .
The researchers now plan to build a larger-scale vortex machine and explore the different solutions , levels of force and settings that allow different proteins to refold , many of which are not currently cost-effective to purify . If it is effective on different molecules , the vortex approach could make a big difference in biotechnology , says David Rabuka , a chemical biologist with California-based Catalent Pharma Solutions , which helps develop and analyze drugs . “ I work with many , many proteins that drive me nuts , ” he says . “ We 're always bumping up against the technical hurdles of being able to produce useful amounts. ” This type of machine might be able to surmount those obstacles , he thinks .
Weiss anticipates that the vortex will catch the interest of many different disciplines . After all , proteins are used as medicine , research tools and industrial catalysts . “ If we have ways of accelerating the production of proteins—making it easier , making it faster , requiring less water—all those things will have the effect of dropping the costs , ” he says . Making this happen will take longer than boiling an egg but a lot of manufacturers and scientists will be watching closely .
Internal Raytheon email calls system ‘ Big Brother '
The National Security Agency has begun work on an “ expansive ” spy system that will monitor critical infrastructure inside the United States for cyber-attacks , in a move that detractors say could end up violating privacy rights and expanding the NSA 's domestic spying abilities .
The Wall Street Journal cites unnamed sources as saying that the NSA has issued a $ 100-million contract to defense contractor Raytheon to build a system dubbed “ Perfect Citizen , ” which will involve placing “ sensors ” at critical points in the computer networks of private and public organizations that run infrastructure , organizations such as nuclear power plants and electric grid operators .
In an email obtained by the Journal , an unnamed Raytheon employee describes the system as “ Big Brother . ”
“ The overall purpose of the [ program ] is our Government…feel [ s ] that they need to insure the Public Sector is doing all they can to secure Infrastructure critical to our National Security , ” the email states . “ Perfect Citizen is Big Brother . ”
“ Raytheon declined to comment on this email , ” the Journal reports .
Some officials familiar with Perfect Citizen see it “ as an intrusion by the NSA into domestic affairs , while others say it is an important program to combat an emerging security threat that only the NSA is equipped to provide , ” the Journal states .
The program is reportedly being funded under the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative , a program launched by the Bush administration in January , 2008 , and continued under the Obama administration . The initiative is budgeted to cost $ 40 billion over several years .
ANOTHER WAR WITHOUT DEFINITION ?
News of the spy system comes in the wake of months of news reports and government statements on the the threat of cyber-attacks . Last year , the US pointed the finger of blame at North Korea for a “ widespread ” attack on US and South Korean government computers . Earlier this year , a coordinated attack on Google servers was identified as originating from China .
But many observers say the threat of cyberwar is exaggerated , and they suggest that profit may be a motive behind efforts to build cyber-defense systems .
“ It 's about who is in charge of cybersecurity , and how much control the government will exert over civilian networks , ” writes security technology expert Bruce Schneier at the CNN Web site . “ And by beating the drums of war , the military is coming out on top . ”
Schneier sees danger in the media “ mislabeling ” activities like computer hacking and “ cyber-activism ” as “ cyberwar . ”
“ One problem is that there 's no clear definition of ‘ cyberwar . ' What does it look like ? How does it start ? When is it over ? Even cybersecurity experts do n't know the answers to these questions , and it 's dangerous to broadly apply the term ‘ war ' unless we know a war is going on . ”
MONEY TO BE MADE
In a report published last month , Cecilia Kang at the Washington Post described cyber-security as “ Washington 's growth industry of choice , ” and companies in the business are “ in line for a multibillion-dollar injection of federal research dollars . ”
Kang reported :
Delivering the keynote address at a recent cybersecurity summit sponsored by Defense Daily , Dawn Meyerriecks , deputy director of national intelligence for acquisition and technology , said that along with the White House Office of Science and Technology , her office is going to sponsor major research “ where the government 's about to spend multiple billions of dollars . ”
Tom Burghardt at Pacific Free Press notes that the conference at which Meyerricks spoke was sponsored , among other firms , by Raytheon .
The owner of the Boston Globe has extended talks with unions to try to save one of America 's best-known big city newspapers from closure .
The owner , the New York Times , is asking Boston Globe staff to accept lower salaries and cuts in pension and redundancy benefits .
It has said it will file a notice with the government that it will shut the paper if there is no agreement .
The Boston Globe is expected to lose $ 85m this year .
Online competition
The owners want the unions to agree to $ 20m ( £13.4m ) in money-saving measures .
Guaranteed jobs for life are expected to be a sticking point , with the unions saying they are not negotiable .
The biggest union , the Boston Newspaper Guild , said it had offered more than $ 10m in concessions .
There was originally a Friday deadline for agreement , which was extended after some progress was made .
The Boston Globe is the latest title to find itself crushed between a variety of forces , including falling sales , rising costs and declining advertising revenues , the BBC 's Kevin Connolly in Washington says .
Our correspondent adds that the internet is the source of most of the American newspaper industry 's problems : demand from readers forces them to publish information online instantly and consumers are then reluctant to pay to see the same news in print the following day .
At the same time , internet sites offer cheap - and sometimes free - competition for the classified advertising which once kept the industry going .
With no new business model in sight to resolve those problems it seems inevitable that more titles will close in future , our correspondent says .
At least 12,500 jobs have gone in US print journalism in the past two years .
Modern websites often contain data and widgets from multiple sources , mashed up on a single page . For example , a single site can easily contain a YouTube video player , a Facebook “ Like ” button , a Twitter “ Tweet ” button , and much more . The fact that code from so many vendors can coexist on a single page is nothing short of a small miracle . And , while current implementations work , they are far from ideal . For example , adding a “ Like ” button to a page requires the use of a clunky < iframe > tag . There is not currently an elegant way of providing encapsulation for these widgets .
Encapsulation is a feature of object-oriented programming languages which allows objects to manage their own data , and restrict access to it . Under this paradigm , an object exposes an interface to the outside world which can be used to interact with its data . By maintaining this interface , an object can stop third-party code from arbitrarily wiping out its private data . Unfortunately for web developers , HTML does n't offer such an interface yet . CSS and JavaScript collisions are a source of constant concern for library and widget developers . Encapsulation would allow developers to write their code and know that it will work properly , even in the presence of other scripts and stylesheets . The W3C is addressing this problem with the shadow DOM specification , currently under development .
Shadow DOM Subtrees
The DOM tree is made up of numerous functional subtrees ― one or more DOM nodes which implement a certain functionality . For example , the “ Like ” button functionality is implemented by one collection of nodes , while the “ Tweet ” button is implemented by another collection . The goal of the shadow DOM is to provide functional encapsulation for these subtrees . This is achieved by keeping functional subtrees separate from the document tree ( and each other ) . This separation of shadow DOM subtrees is known as the shadow boundary . CSS rules and DOM queries do not cross the shadow boundary , and thus provide encapsulation .
-- ADVERTISEMENT --
Any element in the document tree is capable of hosting one or more shadow DOM subtrees . Nodes that host shadow DOM subtrees are known as shadow hosts . However , because the shadow DOM subtrees do not interact with the normal document tree , it is possible for a node to be a shadow host and still have child nodes in the document tree .
Figure 1 , taken from the W3C specification , illustrates the concept of shadow DOM subtrees . The green nodes on the left represent the typical document tree . One of the DOM nodes is labeled as a shadow host . The dashed arrow coming out of this node crosses the shadow boundary and references several shadow DOM subtrees . At the root of each shadow DOM subtree is a shadow root ( represented by the square node in the figure ) . The shadow root is a special document fragment DOM node type which encapsulates its children from the outside world . The children of the shadow root , however , are just standard DOM nodes .
Rendering the Shadow DOM
When a page is rendered , the document tree and shadow DOM subtrees are rendered as a single tree . The document tree is rendered as it normally would be . However , when a shadow host is encountered , the browser disregards its document subtree and instead renders the node 's shadow DOM subtree . Figure 2 illustrates this concept . Note that while the shadow host is rendered , the shadow root node is not .
Enabling the Shadow DOM
While the shadow DOM is a hot topic , it is currently only supported as an experimental feature in Chrome . To enable the shadow DOM in Chrome , first navigate to the URL “ chrome : //flags ” . Next , locate the “ Enable Shadow DOM ” option , and click “ Enable ” . The option is shown below in Figure 3 . Finally , Chrome will restart itself . At this point , you can begin to write pages that utilize the shadow DOM .
A Shadow DOM Example
This section explores an example shadow DOM page . The page 's HTML source is shown below . The body of the page contains a < div > element which will be used as a shadow host . Inside of the < div > is a child < span > node which clearly states that it is not part of the shadow DOM . When the page finishes loading , an event handler attaches a shadow DOM subtree to the shadow host . The shadow DOM subtree is created by instantiating a new WebKitShadowRoot object ( the WebKit prefix will presumably be dropped once the shadow DOM is fully supported ) . The shadow host is passed as the only parameter to the ShadowRoot constructor . Next , a < span > element named “ shadowChild ” is added to the shadow DOM subtree . The text content of “ shadowChild ” indicates that it is part of the shadow DOM .
< ! DOCTYPE html > < html lang= '' en '' > < head > < title > Shadow DOM Example < /title > < meta charset= '' UTF-8 '' / > < style > span { color : red ; } # shadowHost { border : 1px solid black ; } < /style > < script > window.addEventListener ( `` load '' , function ( ) { var shadowHost = document.getElementById ( `` shadowHost '' ) ; var shadowRoot = new WebKitShadowRoot ( shadowHost ) ; var shadowChild = document.createElement ( `` span '' ) ; shadowChild.textContent = `` This is part of the shadow DOM '' ; shadowRoot.appendChild ( shadowChild ) ; } , false ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < div id= '' shadowHost '' > < span id= '' child '' > This is not part of the shadow DOM < /span > < /div > < /body > < /html >
The example page , as displayed by Chrome 20 , is shown in Figure 4 . There are several things worth noting about the page . First , the shadow DOM < span > is rendered instead of the document tree < span > . Although the document tree < span > is not displayed , it is still accessible via script . The second thing to note is that the shadow < span > is not colored red according to the CSS rule for < span > elements . This indicates that the shadow DOM is , in fact , encapsulated from the document tree .
Figure 5 shows the document tree displayed by Chrome 's element inspector . The document tree does not reflect any part of the shadow DOM . Browsers that do not support the shadow DOM would render this tree instead .
ShadowRoot DOM Methods
Because shadow DOM nodes are encapsulated from the document tree , normal DOM-related methods like getElementById ( ) can not be used to access them . However , ShadowRoot objects provide many of the same functions for accessing their shadow DOM subtree . For example , ShadowRoot objects support the following common DOM query methods .
getElementById ( )
getElementsByClassName ( )
getElementsByTagName ( )
getElementsByTagNameNS ( )
querySelector ( )
querySelectorAll ( )
The ShadowRoot object also supports the “ innerHTML ” property for convenience . As with the normal DOM , the shadow DOM “ innerHTML ” can be both read and written . An example usage is shown below .
shadowRoot.innerHTML = `` < span > innerHTML generated content < /span > '' ;
CSS Across the Shadow Boundary
By default , CSS rules defined outside of the shadow root are not applied to shadow DOM nodes . However , a ShadowRoot object can allow CSS rules to cross the shadow boundary via the “ applyAuthorStyles ” Boolean property . Setting this property to true overrides the default behavior . An example usage is shown below . In the previous example page , this would cause the shadow DOM < span > to be colored red .
shadowRoot.applyAuthorStyles = true ;
Things to Remember
Sebastian Vettel admits he was `` indirectly '' paying back Mark Webber in Malaysia for previous situations between the two drivers and says he would do the same again as his team-mate `` did n't deserve '' to win .
Following Vettel 's decision to ignore team orders and overtake Webber to win the race at Sepang , occasions when Webber has done similar have been cited in Vettel 's defence . Having himself said `` I respect Mark a lot as a racing driver but I think there was more than one occasions in the past when he could have helped the team but he did n't '' , Vettel was asked if he was `` paying him back '' for not getting his team-mate 's help in Brazil last year , to which he replied : `` Probably you could say indirectly so .
`` But as I tried to explain after the race in my opinion it 's always best to be truthful . Maybe sometimes the truth is not what the people want to hear because as you can see controversy is more popular than the truth . I told you after the race what happened ; I was racing , as a racing driver I was solely focused on winning the race . I got a call on the radio which I heard but I did n't understand at the time .
`` I should have understood , that 's why I apologised to the team because in my action I put myself above the team but that was n't my intention . Whether you believe me or not is up to you . ''
Despite his apologies , Vettel said he would ignore the team order again in the same situation because Webber `` did n't deserve '' to win .
`` I think if I had understood the message then obviously I would have thought about it - I 'm not sure I can give you a perfect answer on this - but thinking about it I probably had realised at the moment that there was quite a conflict . On the one hand I think I 'm the kind of guy that respects team decisions but on the other hand Mark is not the one that deserved it at the time .
ESPN Comment `` Vettel has further undermined the authority of team boss Christian Horner and given the finger ( the middle one this time ) to the rest of the team ''
Who 's really in charge at Red Bull ?
`` I 'm not sure I can give you a proper answer because in the moment it might be different but I 'd probably do the same ... I apologised because with my action I disobeyed a team order and put myself about the team . Had I understood the message then I think I would have thought about it , reflected on what it means , what the team wants me to do - to leave Mark in first place and me finish second - I would have thought about it and probably done the same thing because Mark did n't deserve that . ''
Acknowledging that Webber would not help him if required later in the championship , Vettel said : `` I think being completely honest I never had support from his side . I have got a lot of support from the team and I think the team is supporting both of us in the same way . ''
Vettel added that he did n't feel he was beyond reproach despite not being sanctioned by the team .
`` I did speak up and I did apologise , and I meant it . Sanction , as in punishment ? What do you expect ? Maybe it 's a little bit of a dreamland you all live in but what do you expect to happen ? Make a suggestion ... I think we dealt with it internally . As I said , I did apologise to the team , I took it very seriously . I went to see the team as soon as I could - the whole team , not just the people working here - and I told them as well . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
Two New Mexico parents were recovering after being shot by their 3-year-old son over the weekend .
Albuquerque police said that the incident occurred around 2 p.m. on Saturday at an America 's Best Value Inn .
Justin Reynolds told KEB that he and his pregnant girlfriend , Monique Villescas , were about to order a pizza to their hotel room when the gun went off .
`` It was like if I was to get up shake your hand and sat back down . That 's how fast it happened , '' Reynolds recalled . `` All of a sudden we heard a gun go off and the next minute I realized my girlfriend was bleeding . Then I sat down and realized I was shot too . ''
An initial investigation determined that the boy removed the handgun from his mother 's purse , and was able to fire a single round . The bullet traveled through Reynolds ' buttocks , and then struck Villescas in the right shoulder .
`` I just took action right away , '' Reynolds said . `` I was more worried about my girlfriend than myself and anything else that was going on . And my son because I did n't know if he had shot himself or not . He was shocked and crying . It was traumatizing . ''
Both parents were transported to a local hospital . Reynolds was released on Saturday , but doctors were keeping Villescas under hospital care until she goes into labor . She was reportedly in stable condition .
An initial investigation by Albuquerque police indicated that the shooting was an accident , but investigators were also waiting to speak to the couple 's 2-year-old daughter . The district attorney 's office was expected to decide whether to file felony criminal negligence charges .
`` The Albuquerque Police Department can not emphasize enough that if you choose to be a gun owner ALWAYS secure and lock up your firearm out of the reach of children and adolescents , '' a statement from the Albuquerque police department said on Saturday .
`` I have to say that sometimes I think we get too much crap for not being innovative . ''
- DICE GM Karl Magnus Troedsson on EA 's reputation.EA has a reputation , as a major game publisher , of purveying more of the same all the time . Is that a fair characterization of the company ? Not according to Troedsson . `` EA is actually very prone to try out new things , '' he says , in a new Gamasutra feature interview . `` And I have to say that sometimes I think we get too much crap for not being innovative . `` We do release new IPs , and we do take care of IPs that have been out there . And perhaps not so successful , but we try to get new things out there as well . `` However as Troedsson admits , the reputation is , to an extent , understandable . `` Now , that might sound strange coming from me , working on . We 've been around for 10 years , and we just keep doing more of the same , but being innovative in that space . `` Earlier this year , EA 's core games boss Patrick Soderlund told Gamasutra about the company 's innovation labs . Toredsson says that while the small innovations are hard to pinpoint for outsiders , they make it into DICE 's products . `` like the movement , or part of the movement , from , and put into , for instance . That 's a typical example . And there are those examples that have gone into big products that people do n't really know about , but they actually came from smaller , other , more innovative test experiments inside of DICE . `` Innovation is `` tricky '' , says Troedsson . `` Innovation is something that actually changes something for the better , renews something -- and I think we do that all the time . `` `` But some of them are big and some of them are small , and some people disagree , saying , 'That 's not an innovation ! ' and it 's like , 'No , maybe not for you , but for the people playing the game it 's a big thing . ' '' The full interview with Troedsson , live now , goes deeper into the way DICE looks at innovation , how and why theseries has evolved , and more .
Video : Volcanic lightning captured in a bottle
( Image : Lucas Jackson/Reuters )
It 's a “ build your own volcano ” kit like no other . A team of geologists in Germany has built a model volcano that crackles with lightning as it erupts . But this is no toy science kit for kids – it could offer insights into the disruption risk to aircraft in the aftermath of an eruption .
Volcanic lightning was first documented by Pliny the Younger following an eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79 . The exact cause of the lightning remains unclear . Previous work suggests that ash particles slam into each other as they are ejected from the vent , generating a frictional charge . So Corrado Cimarelli at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich , Germany , built a model volcano to mimic this charging process .
Advertisement
They took ash from recent eruptions , including the infamous 2010 eruption of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull , the ash cloud from which grounded European flights for weeks . They put the ash in a tube and held it there at 100 times atmospheric pressure before venting it through a nozzle into a large tank filled with air at normal pressure , mimicking the sudden release of pressurised material from a volcanic vent .
Lo and behold , their tiny volcanic eruptions generated lightning sparks , which they recorded with high-speed video . The finer the ash particles , the more lightning the team recorded .
The videos helped explain this relationship . They showed that if the particles were relatively large – about 500 micrometres in diameter – they shot vertically upwards out of the nozzle . Smaller particles were more likely to be caught up in the turbulence around the nozzle , making them more likely to collide and generate frictional electrical discharges – a tiny version of spectacular volcanic lightning .
“ We are convinced that the fundamental process of charge-discharge is the same , no matter the scale , ” says Cimarelli .
Controlled chaos
Tamsin Mather a volcanologist at the University of Oxford , is impressed with the work . “ What 's really nice is the way they have controlled particle-size distribution , which obviously is a parameter you ca n't control with a real live volcanic plume , ” she says . “ The results will inform future measurements of real volcanic eruptions . ”
Cimarelli says the results may be particularly useful for predicting the disruption to air traffic following an eruption . This is because there is such a clear correlation between the number of lightning discharges and the concentration of fine ash particles , meaning it may be possible to quickly estimate the fine ash content of an eruption by monitoring the amount of volcanic lightning . It is this fine ash that is most likely to rise to aircraft-cruising altitudes , 9 kilometres above sea level , where it can disrupt air traffic .
The study is not the final word on volcanic lightning , though . “ The mechanism is one of several likely [ ones ] , ” says Steve McNutt at the University of South Florida in Tampa .
For instance , Mather points out that while the lightning recorded in the experiments is indeed similar to that seen at or near the vent of a real volcano , there is another form of volcanic lightning that occurs further above the volcano , known as plume lightning . This form is probably triggered by collisions with ice crystals high in the atmosphere , similar to a normal thunderstorm , she says .
Journal reference : Geology , DOI : 10.1130/G34802.1
Water issues could halt development Boughton : Possible loss of lake from city water supply could stop development
DANBURY -- Commercial and residential development in the city could come to a screeching halt if state health and environmental officials have their way .
That 's because state officials are thinking of removing Lake Kenosia from the city 's water supply , which would virtually eliminate water capacity for future development .
`` It would stop all economic development in the city , '' said Mayor Mark Boughton . `` Anyone who would want to expand their business or construct a new building in Danbury would n't be able to do so . ''
Area developers said that would be devastating to the city .
`` If there is no capacity , there is no way to grow , '' said David Hawley , president of Hawley Construction Corp .
Dan Bertram , the principal of BRT Corp. , said a sufficient water supply is `` critical '' to building multifamily housing developments , including Kennedy Place , which is planned for the north end of Main Street .
While that project already has preliminary approvals in place and would n't be affected , both Bertram and Boughton said the ban could restrict future housing development .
`` Mulitfamily housing is a necessary part of the housing stock , '' Bertram added . `` It allows you to develop a price point you ca n't get to with single family homes , and you need public utilities available to service the projects . ''
Public Utilities Superintendent David Day explained that without the 1.2 million gallons of water available in Lake Kenosia , the city 's water supply would drop to about 6.9 million gallons per day .
He said that is dangerously close to the average 6.7 million gallons per day used in 2012 .
It 's also under the `` safe yield '' ratio that state officials require of public water systems so there is enough water to meet demand during a once-in-a-100-year drought .
The problem involves an ongoing battle between the city and state environmental officials over whether swimming is allowed in the lake .
While historically swimming has always been allowed at Lake Kenosia , state regulations typically do n't allow swimming in public water supplies .
Kenosia is n't used as a daily water source . Water is pumped out of the lake , when other city reservoirs are under about 90 percent capacity .
`` We typically use water from the lake to make sure the West Lake reservoir is full before the summer peak season , '' Day said , adding that the water is treated at the city 's treatment plant .
`` We 've sampled the lake , and it meets all the state 's water quality requirements . ''
The last time the city pumped water of the lake , he said , was in 2010 .
Last year the state health department ruled that swimming in the lake was unacceptable .
But state Rep. David Scribner , R-Brookfield , got language passed in a bill in the last session of the General Assembly that said swimming would have to be allowed at Kenosia .
`` The health department then told us , ` Fine . But you ca n't use it for drinking water , ' '' Boughton said .
Both Boughton and Day hope a resolution with city officials can be reached .
`` Nothing is nailed down yet , but we are in active negotiations with the state health department to get this resolved , '' Boughton said .
Officials with the state health department were not available for comment .
MOGADISHU ( Reuters ) - Somalia 's al Shabaab Islamist militant group attacked a military base of Ethiopian soldiers serving with an African Union force on Thursday , with both sides saying they had inflicted a heavy toll on their opponents .
Al Shabaab said a suicide car bomb rammed the entrance to the base in the central town of Halgan and its fighters overran the site , killing 60 soldiers with the loss of 16 of its own militants .
“ It was a huge blast . It destroyed the gate and parts of the base , ” Al Shabaab 's military operations spokesman Abdiasis Abu Musab told Reuters .
The group 's fighters exchanged fire with Ethiopian soldiers and repelled a counter attack by Djibouti troops deployed from another base in the area .
Al Shabaab regularly attacks AMISOM , which is made up of about 22,000 soldiers and police from African nations supporting Somalia 's government and army in the fight against the al Qaeda-linked militants .
The group 's insurgency aims to drive out AMISOM , topple Somalia 's Western-backed government and impose its strict version of Islam on the Horn of Africa state .
Lieutenant Colonel Joe Kibet , spokesman for the African Union 's AMISOM force , dismissed al Shabaab 's toll as a “ falsehood ” but did not give a casualty figure .
“ AMISOM forces killed 110 al Shabaab and captured a large cache of weapons , ” he told Reuters by telephone .
Residents in Halgan , which lies in a region about 300 km ( around 190 miles ) north of the capital Mogadishu , said they heard a huge explosion and heavy exchanges of gunfire shortly before dawn . Shots rang out at least an hour after the initial blast , they said .
“ AMISOM has now retaken ( the town ) after regrouping . But the town is mostly deserted , ” resident Osman Gelle told Reuters by phone from Halgan . “ I counted five civilian dead bodies . Stray bullets hit them in their houses . ”
He said he had seen four helicopters land . AMISOM has said it is starting to deploy helicopters with AMISOM to provide more rapid military support , after several bases came under heavy al Shabaab attack . It also uses helicopters to ferry casualties .
Related Coverage African force in Somalia says kills 110 militants when its base raided
Casualty figures cited by officials and al Shabaab are usually wildly different .
In January , al Shabaab said it had killed more than 100 Kenyan soldiers in El Adde , a camp in Somalia and near the border with Kenya . The Kenyan military gave no exact toll .
The Los Angeles Clippers have decisions to make with their star trio , but another extremely important concern in 2016 NBA free agency for them is whether they can keep Cole Aldrich .
The Los Angeles Clippers ' concerns in 2016 NBA free agency go far beyond the future of the Big 3 . Chris Paul , Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan are the trio that form the cornerstone of the franchise in all aspects the game , from Paul 's floor general leadership to Jordan 's high-flying defense . Together , complimented by J.J. Redick and Luc Mbah a Moute , they form one of the league 's top few starting lineups . Yet , no matter how formidable they are , issues with the second unit in the past and now major injuries have ended their season short , prompting the question as to whether they will all be together at the end of this summer .
Any possible trades surrounding any member of the Big 3 will be one of the major talking points of free agency altogether , but there 's far more the Clippers need to worry about thanks to having so many players ready to hit the market .
Last summer , Doc Rivers did well to acquire a host of players to fill out the bench and add depth using minimum contracts . After the more high-value ( and eventually high-failure ) addition of Lance Stephenson , Doc added the likes of Wesley Johnson , Mbah a Moute and Pablo Prigioni on minimum contracts , providing the kind of depth that seemed out of reach given the team 's struggling cap situation .
Most importantly , Doc added Cole Aldrich on a minimum deal ( with a player option for 2016-17 ) . And now Doc needs to do absolutely all he can to ensure that the hustle of Stone Cole Aldrich does n't leave .
Unlike Jordan , an All-Defensive player and anchor of the starters , Aldrich has become the unexpected defensive anchor of the bench . Since Josh Smith ‘ s woeful time as a floor spacing , trigger-happy forward and small-ball center came to end as he was dealt back to the Houston Rockets , the Clippers gradually increased Aldrich 's playing time and utilized the benefits of a typical center . A center who can protect the paint , thoroughly help the team 's dire rebounding , and provide some toughness ; three assets that the Clippers were in desperate need of .
And as Smith started racking up DNP 's as Doc realized how wrong he was for the team , Aldrich started racking up minutes to prove what he can do .
When looking at Aldrich 's averages per 36 minutes , he looks like a defensive star . 14.8 points , 13 rebounds , 2.1 steals and 3.1 blocks in that time span is nothing shy of excellent , especially for a backup center who still wo n't receive much recognition for what he 's done . Of course , he only actually played 13.3 minutes per game this season ( 14.2 since Smith left with no DNP 's ) , but those averages speak volumes as to how much he contributes , using his sound reactions and aggression to rotate and protect the rim , and generally being active in any way he can to come up with steals and go after lose balls .
Beyond those basic averages and the simple eye test , Aldrich 's defensive impact is just as impressive .
Players only shot 49.1 percent at the rim against Aldrich this season , and he raised the Clippers ' total rebound percentage , assist percentage , steal percentage and block percentage whenever he was on the floor ( per Basketball Reference ) .
Cole Aldrich needs to be in Los Angeles at the end of free agency . As someone who 's saved countless bench rotations this season , he 's more than earned it .
What 's even more impressive ? The fact that Aldrich ranked 3rd ( ! ) among all centers in the NBA this season with a defensive Real Plus Minus of 4.61 , only being beaten by Tim Duncan and Andrew Bogut ( per ESPN ) .
That 's exactly why Cole deserves a name like Stone Cole Aldrich for his toughness and undeniable impact off the bench .
Offensively , a limited Aldrich is still important . Yes , he has minimal range and a jump hook is pretty much all he has to offer in the post , but he has a soft touch near the rim and for a group of role players who always struggle to penetrate and create better shots than isolated three-pointers , Aldrich as a pick-and-roll option is key .
Both in the way he can finish with that hook shot or attract defenders on a roll to the basket , he can be used for the occasional score inside while creating more space for those waiting at the perimeter . In fact , to add another impressive number to his name to show how he helps the bench , Aldrich also ranked 3rd in the NBA this postseason in screen assists , creating 3.8 baskets per game as the screener for the shooter ( per NBA.com ) .
Put all of this together , and Aldrich recorded an exceptional player efficiency rating of 21.3 , becoming everything the Clippers ' second unit is not . They fought hard in the playoffs after losing Paul and Griffin and they really took a step forward defensively this season , and that 's all brilliant . It 's exactly what the team needs . But what the team rarely gets from the second unit is physicality , grit , rebounding , and interior structure at either end of the floor .
Yet the Clippers get all of that from Aldrich .
“ I do n't want anyone to get big deals , but I want them to all do well , I guess is what I 'm saying , ” Doc said to Dan Woike of the Orange County Register . “ I hope they all make a lot of money , I hope they all somehow make it here , I just do n't know how that 's going to happen… We have to try to sign as many of our guys back as possible . ”
Aldrich needs to be one of the guys the Clippers prioritize . Perhaps they adjust negations to create an inch more cap space or try to use an exception for him . However they can make something work if he opts out with his 2016-17 player option , they need to do their best .
Because beyond his importance and bargain value , finding such a competent and valuable defensive center elsewhere for such a small amount of money will be an incredibly tall order . Thanks to his performance this season and the rising salary cap to around $ 90 million , Aldrich may command more than the $ 5.6 million that the Clippers ' mid level exception can offer him .
No matter how it happens , though , Cole Aldrich needs to be in Los Angeles at the end of free agency . As someone who 's saved countless bench rotations this season , he 's more than earned it .
This 1957 BMW 503 ( chassis 69159 ) is said to be a barn find that had the engine disassembled about 15 years ago , and then was abandoned . It seems that the car is substantially complete , which is fortunate considering the remarkably low production of these early V8 coupes . If the powerplant can be sorted , the rest of the work seems straightforward . This is a challenging project , with great potential . The Hagerty Guide below calls it a $ 165k car when in # 1 condition . Find it here on eBay in Domont , Val-d'Oise , France .
The 503 coupe shares much with the better-known 507 roadsters released at the same time–though , to some eyes , the coupe is even more attractive . The seller notes that it was repainted in the '70s from burgundy to the current blue . The massive chunks of missing finish on the nose means reverting to the original color is not a bad idea . Claimed to be rust free , there seems to be a bit of corrosion near the sills that might be merely surface deep , but due diligence is required when bringing une belle voiture across the Atlantic .
The interior is hard to evaluate under a layer of filth , but most of the leather surfaces look to be intact and serviceable . The leather dash top is separating a bit , but the metal and Bakelite seem to be in decent condition .
The excellent pushrod V8 is in pieces for some reason . Again , the seller claims that all should complete , with spare heads and manifolds seen in the photos . Getting this car running will take some serious efforts in rare parts sourcing . The bare engine bay photos are too blurry to be certain of the extent of work needed .
Buying a basketcase from overseas is a substantial gamble . From potentially shady sellers to transoceanic shipping to rare parts sourcing , pitfalls are manifold . But the reward for bringing such a beloved classic back to life makes this endeavor quite appealing . Find a Parisian BMW specialist to inspect , and prepare to embark upon the journey of restoring a truly special car .
An international collaboration of researchers including Felicia Goodrum of the University of Arizona 's immunobiology department has studied how a human herpes virus carried by the majority of the population packages its genetic information during infection .
The discoveries improve the chances of developing more targeted therapies in place of existing drugs , which do not always work or come with side effects .
Experts estimate that 60 to 90 percent of the world 's population carry the human cytomegalovirus , or CMV , which is one of the eight herpes viruses that infect humans .
In healthy individuals , the virus lies dormant and does not cause overt disease . However , it poses a significant risk when contracted by unborn children – whose immune systems have not matured yet – and individuals with compromised immune function .
CMV is the leading cause of birth defects resulting from any infectious agent . It affects one in 150 births in the US and most commonly results in hearing loss , but can also cause cognitive or physical anomalies and cerebral palsy . Once infected , the virus stays in the body for life and flares up only when the immune system is suppressed , for example in AIDS patients , transplant patients and cancer patients undergoing intensive chemotherapy .
For the study , published in the scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , Goodrum teamed up with collaborators in Germany and Israel .
The researchers investigated how a fundamental aspect of the human cell regulates the virus : the mechanism by which genetic information is packaged and stored . Understanding how the viral DNA behaves in the human host cells during dormancy and reactivation of the virus provides the basis for the development of drugs that could prevent the virus from “ waking up ” and causing disease .
“ The human immune system is very sophisticated , and the way this virus has managed to stealthily integrate into our biology to ensure its own survival is no small feat , ” said Goodrum , also a member of the UA 's BIO5 Institute .
“ CMV is a master of human cell biology . From transcribing DNA into blueprints for proteins to the manufacturing of those proteins , from cell division to cellular metabolism , there is not a process this virus has not tweaked , '' Goodrum also said .
That mastery , she explained , is the reason the virus is so elusive to vaccine , and there currently is no way to eradicate it . Goodrum noted that with other herpes viruses , like Epstein-Barr or chicken pox , the infection is obvious . But that is not the case with CMV .
`` From the perspective of a virus , that is the pinnacle of mastery – to infect without ever making its presence known , '' Goodrum said .
“ To develop more effective antiviral strategies , we must understand the biology of the virus infection and how the virus manages to persist for our lifetimes , ” she said . “ We are trying to understand how our cellular mechanisms are being used by this virus and discover targets for drugs to control it . ”
Each human cell contains a thread of DNA that is about 6 feet long , stowed away in its nucleus and tightly packaged by proteins called histones . One such package of genetic material is called a chromosome .
“ You can imagine histones as a spool , and the thread is DNA that wraps around the spool , ” Goodrum said . “ This accomplishes two important objectives : first , it condenses DNA so that it can be packed into the cell nucleus and second , it provides the cell with a mechanism to regulate the activity of the genes encoded on that DNA . ”
The association between histones and DNA is very dynamic and acts as a key mechanism used by cells to control which genes are expressed and which are not , Goodrum explained .
For example , when DNA is wound tightly around histones , it is not accessible to enzymes specializing in making copies of genes in a process called transcription , which subsequently serve as blueprints to manufacture proteins .
“ When a virus like CMV infects our cells , its DNA is packaged by histones just as if it were the cell 's own DNA , ” Goodrum said .
“ The question is , how does this happen , and does the virus have any choice in the matter ? Our work maps the deposition of histones across the viral DNA chromosome and shows that the virus encodes a mechanism to reorganize these histones to favor the expression of genes from the viral chromosome . ”
Michael Nevels of the Institute for Medical Microbiology and Hygiene at the University of Regensburg , Germany , said : “ Now that we have determined the positions of the nucleosomes , we can study how transcription is regulated , and from that others can start developing therapies . ''
For example , if researchers can identify molecules that play key roles in the process , they can design new drugs that target those molecules .
“ Since we ca n't eliminate the virus , the goal is to keep it in check , ” said Nevels , who led the study together with Eran Segal and Einat Zalckvar of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel .
“ The idea is to target the virus on the level of its DNA structure and to reduce the gene activity back to the dormancy levels , '' Nevels said .
One such molecular target identified in this study is a viral protein called IE1 . Because it regulates the packaging and unpacking of the viral DNA , it could potentially be a target for new therapies .
Cautioning that many more steps will be necessary before this could be achieved , Nevels said that “ if we could inhibit IE1 , the virus genome would be packed more tightly with histones , which leaves less DNA accessible and prevents genes from becoming active . ”
Another strategy takes the opposite direction by deliberately awaking the virus from its dormant state so it becomes vulnerable to antiviral drugs . This could be an option for patients about to undergo an organ transplantation , which requires immune-suppressing drugs to prevent the new organ from being rejected . Suppressing the immune system allows the virus to reactivate .
“ There are antivirals that target the active , replicating virus but they ca n't target latent virus because in that state , it 's really just a piece of DNA in the cell nucleus , ” Goodrum said . “ Before those patients enter a immunosuppressed state , you would target the viral reservoirs and force the virus out of latency . ”
January always feels like such a long month . Here we are , still not quite at the end , and already new year 's day feels like half a year ago . And time marches even more swiftly in the world of bitcoin . With its epic price rally over the new year break , the inevitable comedown was a true January reality check , along with the Christmas credit card bill and shattered new year resolutions . But , according to the Biterati , there 's every reason to be cheerful . This year 's price predictions are practically effervescent . So forget Brexit and Trump for a few minutes and let 's have a few reasons to be cheerful .
2016 : a halving , and a doubling
Hot on the heels of 2016 , this year has a lot to live up to . Not only was 2016 a halving year , full of speculation and uncertainty in itself , but it was also plagued by internal bickering over the block size debate . Yet somehow bitcoin managed to increase its price by over 100 % from $ 430 to around $ 950 depending on your source . And it 's not just the price that 's been reliably growing – 2016 saw the transaction volume take a steady climb from a weekly average somewhere around 150,000 to around 250,000 . So predications based on 2016 's performance certainly have the data to back them up ; but you do n't need me to tell you there 's much more to it than that .
What the experts say
Unless you 're as sick of listening to experts as Michael Gove , there 's a wealth of insight to be gained from listening to the year 's bitcoin forecasts – even if you do take them with a pinch of salt . After all , confidence is closely related to performance , and confidence is in no short supply .
Steen Jakobsen , chief economist at Saxo Bank says it 's entirely plausible that China and Russia could begin using bitcoin as an alternative to a destabilised USD , and predicts a year end price of $ 2,000 .
, chief economist at Saxo Bank says it 's entirely plausible that China and Russia could begin using bitcoin as an alternative to a destabilised USD , and predicts a year end price of $ 2,000 . Vinny Lingham , CEO of cybersecurity software company Civic predicts that bitcoin will end the year on a dizzy high of $ 3,000 as governments become the largest buyers of bitcoin .
, CEO of cybersecurity software company Civic predicts that bitcoin will end the year on a dizzy high of $ 3,000 as governments become the largest buyers of bitcoin . Juniper Research , online trend analysts predict that bitcoin transaction volume will triple in 2017 .
I could go on and on and on . Take in enough column inches you 'll see predictions rising as high as $ 10,000 . Now , I 'd like a new Ferrari as much as the next man , but you and I both know that it 's not going to happen .
What 's interesting about these predictions is that they 're all supremely confident . Nobody 's forecasting a limp year , or even just a modest price increase . And when you look at some of the reasons given , it 's easy to get on board . From a Trump-inspired loss of confidence in the world 's favourite currency , to the uptake of Segwit , Lightning Network and other capacity-doubling upgrades , a lot of arguments seem not only plausible , but inevitable . If bitcoin EFTs ( exchange traded funds ) make it possible to trade BTC on the stock market – another 2017 prediction – those boys in striped suits wo n't be able to help themselves .
Where 's the catch ?
Dare I say it , there is n't one . While opinion is great for filling column inches , it 's also central to the common narrative , especially in the world of economics and investment . As fiat currencies the world over are failing to provide a sense of basic security to citizens , it seems practical to hedge your bets with bitcoin . As a great sense of uncertainty looms over the whole globe , a man who has nothing to lose has everything to gain . This really could be our year , you know .
This article represents the personal opinion of the author and is not a recommendation to buy or sell Bitcoins .
Stunning Turquoise Ice in Northern Lake Baikal of Siberia
Due to the density of the ice . This is glacial ice which has been fractured off of the glacier . Glacial ice is very dense due to the intense pressure it experiences ( so there 's almost no air bubbles in this ice ) . The result is that the natural blue color of water becomes visible in the ice .
Shards of Turquoise Ice Jut Out of the World 's Largest Lake Russian landscape photographer Alex Trofimov 's favorite place to take pictures is Lake Baikal , which is located in the southern Russian region of Siberia . Lake Baikal is one of the world 's largest and oldest freshwater lakes . ( Alex El Barto Trofimov )
Lake Baikal
Its a frozen lake with 1/5th of the world 's freshwater .
imgur.com
Advertisements
This can not be unseen . https : //t.co/DmAxDPe7zS — Michelle Malkin ( @ michellemalkin ) April 24 , 2017
Self-proclaimed lecturer about all-things “ science ” ( including man-made climate change ) Bill Nye is n't just trying to save the world from a global warming doomsday , he 's also helping promote… whatever this is :
I know it 's a cliche now but my god , this is why Trump won . pic.twitter.com/xT8co3YZu1 — Jason C. ( @ CounterMoonbat ) April 24 , 2017
Science !
I performed two songs on @ BillNye 's new Netflix show , `` Bill Nye Saves the World . '' It 's streaming now and it was an honor . @ BillNyeSaves pic.twitter.com/mr36USJAPf — Rachel Bloom ( @ Racheldoesstuff ) April 21 , 2017
People have found these videos to be , well , interesting :
@ CounterMoonbat I do n't know how to respond to this other than ⬇️ pic.twitter.com/JXmftHfXGl — Nick Short ( @ PoliticalShort ) April 24 , 2017
If this was taught in health class , i would set the classroom on fire ..
`` Fellow bipeds who identify as female '' ? What in the clusterfuck .. ? https : //t.co/Av5JMXKAa7 — Brian Lusardi ( @ BLusardiHockey ) April 24 , 2017
@ michellemalkin That 's actually hilarious . It 's like a parody of itself . — Erick Brockway ( @ erickbrockway ) April 24 , 2017
@ CounterMoonbat Never before have I been so happy to be out of touch with popular culture . — Phineas Q . ( @ PQPicklefeather ) April 24 , 2017
@ michellemalkin Are we at the bottom yet ? — Kelly Koch ( @ KellyaustinKoch ) April 24 , 2017
Nye whined to CNN about their having an actual scientist on who does n't support the Left 's climate change doctrine , but others he obviously has no problem with when it comes to the “ settled science . ”
Stockholm + FÖLJ
Explosion på nattklubb i centrala Stockholm
avKenan Habul , Niklas Svahn
NYHETER 23 december 2015 06:57
Polisen : ” Går inte att utesluta samband med skotten mot Sturecompagniet ''
1 av 14
En okänd person har kastat in ett explosivt föremål på Berns salonger i Stockholm .
För två veckor sedan sköt någon mot nattklubben Sturecompagniet .
Berns och Sturecompagniet har samma ägare .
– Det går inte att utesluta samband . Rent historiskt är det endera någonting som en avvisad gäst gör i affekt eller så kan det vara grövre våldsbrottslighet i botten , säger inspektör Ulf Höglund , polisens förundersökningsledare .
Tipsa | Aftonbladet
Klockan 04.19 fick polisen larm om att en okänd person slängt in ett explosivt föremål i restaurangen Berns lokaler i centrala Stockholm . Föremålet detonerade samtidigt som personal befann sig inne på nattklubben .
– Det har smällt till ordentligt i restaurangen , säger Carina Skagerlind vid polisens kommunikationscentral i Stockholm .
Ett stort område kring Berns spärrades av och platsen undersöktes av polisens tekniker .
Personal inne i lokalen
– Jag håller på att sammanställa vad patrullerna som var på plats i morse har dokumenterat . Jag ska begära att få in de filmer från övervakningskameror som finns i området , säger inspektör Ulf Höglund .
Några ur personalen befann sig i lokalen , som annars var nedsläckt för natten , uppger polisen . Ingen person ska dock ha kommit till skada .
Polisen vet ännu inte om det var en eller flera gärningsmän .
Ingen person är gripen eller misstänkt .
Enligt Aftonbladets reporter Kristoffer Olofsson , som var på plats , hade polisen spärrat av nästan hela Berzelii park som ligger precis utanför Berns .
Utifrån syntes minst två rutor på fasaden som var krossade .
– Vi vet ännu inte vilken typ av sprängladdning det var , säger Ulf Höglund .
” Går inte att utesluta samband ”
För två veckor sedan avlossade en man flera skott mot entrédörren till nattklubben Sturecompagniet på Stureplan i centrala Stockholm . Ägare till både Sturecompagniet och Berns är Stureplansgruppen . Flera vittnen uppgav för Aftonbladet att skytten var en mörkklädd man som kom till platsen i en mörk bil .
– Jag har inte pratat med någon från ledningsgruppen där , jag vet inte om de ser samband . Det går inte att utesluta , men det kan vara en enskild händelse också , säger Höglund .
Han lägger till att han ännu inte har en klar bild över det som har hänt . Men historiskt kan den här typen av attacker mot nattklubbar handla om utpressning eller avvisade gäster som vill hämnas .
– Det kan vara båda delarna . Endera är det någonting som en avvisad gäst gör i affekt eller så kan det vara grövre våldsbrottslighet i botten . Men vi vet ännu för lite i det här fallet , säger Ulf Höglund .
Berns håller öppet som vanligt
Nanna Waktel , vd för Berns , vill inte prata med Aftonbladet utan hänvisar till ett pressmeddelande på nattklubbens hemsida .
Verksamheten kommer inte att påverkas av nattens attack .
`` Det är förvånande och beklagligt att något sådant här kan hända . Vi bistår polisen i deras arbete men av respekt för den förundersökningssekretess som råder kan vi i dagsläget inte lämna ytterligare kommentarer '' , skriver klubben på sin hemsida .
23 december 2015 06:57
You may not have heard of Randy Regier yet , but you 'll be glad you did . This Maine based artist creates amazing works in a faux retro style that shows a high regard for the reckless optimism and futurism of post war America . Randy handcrafts toys and creates humorous packaging that exemplifies a bygone era in American culture . Take a tour of Ryan Regier 's portfolio :
Randy Regier makes aesthetically impressive pieces out of a diverse array of materials . He avoids hacking apart toys and simply mixing and matching parts ; choosing instead to create these works from scratch . Their intricate packaging is beautiful and realistic enough that it takes a minute for the humor to come through .
( Images via pressherald , circleintosquare )
Regier 's current exhibit is a store called NuPenny that appears in Maine towns for several weeks , never opening its doors , and then moves onward . The inside of the store is surreal and entirely monochrome . Well lit from the inside , the store is art that does n't reveal its nature . Passerby are powered by their own curiosity , and find It 's hard not to press their face against the glass and stare in wonderment .
( Images via jonathangrubb , nupenny )
A closer glimpse at Regier 's NuPenny creations reveal an intricate array of pieces that look like they arrived via time machine . Interviews revealed that each piece reflects a song lyric that he finds memorable . Each piece has an identifying code created via a teletype guide , that reveals some insight into Ryan 's thoughts about the piece ( but he will never reveal the lyric ) .
The “ Impending Future Bus ” is one of the most stunning toys from Regier 's collection , and is entirely handmade . It exemplifies the sleek lines and domed appearance that we now only expect to see in vintage art and magazines . This is a genuine work of art , however , so it 's not something you should play with .
Regier 's humor comes through most obviously in his action figure collection , including his “ John Manshaft ” series that pairs gorgeous manly artwork and packaging in a hyperbolic style with a semi nude action figure that 's remarkably bland both in appearance and accessories .
( Images via jkcf , decordova )
Toys are not the only target of Regier 's attention , as he creates installations of a much greater scale as well . Pictured is one of his largest pieces , entitled “ Windowkammers ” was typically set up hastily in an outdoor location as if the alien spacecraft had just landed .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- The unemployment rate jumped to a 26-year high of 8.9 % in April as the U.S. economy shed 539,000 more jobs , the Department of Labor reported Friday .
The nonfarm payrolls report was largely as expected , reflecting a slight easing in the pace of massive job destruction that had averaged 680,000 over the previous five months . Since the recession began in December 2007 , payrolls have fallen by 5.7 million , or 4.1 % of payrolls , the largest percentage decline since the 1958 recession .
April 's loss of 539,000 jobs was the smallest decline since October 's 380,000 . However , job losses in February and March were revised higher by a total of 66,000 .
`` It is a sobering toll , '' said President Barack Obama . `` We 're still in the midst of a recession that was years in the making and will be months or even years in the unmaking ; and we should expect further job losses in the months to come . ''
Job losses were widespread across industries in April . The only sectors adding jobs were health care and government , which was boosted by the hiring of temporary workers to prepare for the census next year . Private-sector employment fell by 611,000 .
Average hourly earnings rose 1 cent to $ 18.51 an hour , the smallest increase in three years .
`` Soaring unemployment is depressing wage gains , '' wrote Ian Shepherdson , chief U.S. economist for High Frequency Economics . That is `` seriously bad news because without wage gains people ca n't deleverage unless they cut spending deeply . ''
The consensus among economists is for gross domestic product to decline again in the current quarter , at about a 2 % annualized pace , following the worst back-to-back losses for GDP in 50 years . After that , tepid growth in the second half probably wo n't be strong enough to keep the unemployment rate from rising further , they say .
`` While the April employment report provides glimmers of hope , obviously , conditions are going to have to brighten a lot more to make that forecast a reality , '' wrote Stephen Stanley , chief economist for RBS Securities . `` This looks very much like an inflection point , and the corroborating evidence ... all suggest that the pace of layoffs is finally beginning to abate . ''
Establishment survey
According to a survey of hundreds of thousands of work sites , goods-producing industries shed 270,000 jobs , and the private-sector services industries cut 341,000 .
For the recession as a whole , goods-producing industries have cut 2.8 million jobs , while private-sector services have cut 3.2 million . This is the first U.S. recession in which more jobs have been lost in services than in goods-producing industries .
Of 271 industries , 28 % were hiring in April , up from 20 % in March .
Total hours worked in the economy fell 0.6 % in April and are down 6.6 % in the past year . The average workweek was steady at a record-low 33.2 hours .
The separate survey of households showed employment rose by 120,000 , the first increase since April 2008 . Unemployment rose by 563,000 to 13.7 million . The employment-population ratio was steady at 59.9 % , the lowest rate since 1985 .
A separate gauge of unemployment that includes discouraged workers and workers who can find only part-time work rose from 15.6 % to a record 15.8 % , with data reaching back to 1994 .
The number of workers who want full-time work but who can only find part-time jobs declined by 139,000 to 8.9 million , an encouraging shift . Since the recession began , involuntary part-time workers have increased by 4.3 million .
Of the 13.7 million people listed as officially unemployed , a record 27.2 % have been out of work longer than six months .
To help the long-term unemployed , Obama said he would encourage states to change rules to allow recipients of unemployment benefits to seek job training without giving up their weekly check . He also proposed changes in federal education grants to allow more funds to go to unemployed people .
Industry details
Employment in manufacturing fell by 149,000 , while the average factory workweek rose by 0.2 hours , another encouraging sign , since the factory workweek is one of 10 major leading indicators .
Employment in construction industries dropped by 110,000 .
Employment in retail fell by 47,000 . Financial services cut 40,000 jobs . Professional and business services cut 122,000 jobs , including 63,000 temporary workers , a discouraging sign .
Health services added 17,000 jobs . Hospitality industries cut 44,000 jobs .
Government added 72,000 jobs , mostly temporary census jobs . State and local governments added 6,000 jobs , despite widespread accounts of layoffs .
Through the 2014 NBA Draft on June 26 in New York , New York , Florida Gators center Patric Young will be keeping you up-to-date on his Path to the Draft with exclusive comprehensive blog entries here at OnlyGators.com .
The 11th player in school history to end his career with more than 1,300 points and 800 rebounds , Young averaged a career-high 11.0 points per game as a senior and also contributed 6.2 boards per contest last season . He is second all-time at Florida in games played ( 149 ) , fifth in blocks ( 159 ) and dunks ( 142 ) , eighth in minutes played ( 1,644 ) , and ninth in field goal percentage ( .577 ) and games started ( 107 ) .
Young in 2013-14 claimed SEC Defensive Player of the Year honors for the first time but was also named SEC Scholar-Athlete of the Year for the third-straight season , becoming the first player in league history to accomplish that feat .
He checks in for the seventh time from Minneapolis , Minnesota , having now completed eight of his 14 total team visits scheduled ahead of the NBA Draft .
Last time I checked in I was in Oklahoma City on Sunday night , preparing for a workout with the Thunder on Monday . I did not know what to expect going there , but I was definitely excited about that visit . I had heard such great things about the people there and the organization . The city is obviously not a big city compared to some of the other places I 've visited , but you can tell they have a die-hard fan base , like a college team .
On Sunday night , the team took all of us visiting out for dinner to Kevin Durant 's restaurant [ KD 's Southern Cuisine ] . It was amazing . His restaurant is amazing . If you like southern food , you 'd be really happy there with the catfish , country fried steak . It was so good . I got baked catfish stuffed with crab meat ; oh my God , it was incredible .
The next morning , obviously I ran into an issue before I even got to the workout . We were in a car 20 minutes away from the Thunder facility when I realized that I forgot my shoes at the hotel . I have no idea why I did n't bring my bag , but I asked one of the guys to go back and get my shoes and they did .
When we got to the facility , they took us right to the cafeteria to eat breakfast . They had the best pancakes I 've ever had in my life . The facility as a whole was amazing ; it was probably the best out of every team I 've been to so far in this process . You can tell they really take care of their guys .
We spoke with the general manager , who said his idea behind doing so much for the guys is that when they get to the gym , all they have to focus on is basketball . They have a lot of really cool things there that make it a very comfortable , welcoming place .
After the standard testing , I worked out with Daniel Miller ( Georgia Tech ) , Jahii Carson ( Arizona State ) , Damian Inglis ( France ) , Markel Brown ( Oklahoma State ) and Jordan Adams ( UCLA ) . There was not too much head-to-head competition , but they had some cool drills for us to do . I thought I did well in the workout and interview , too .
Because my next visit was not until later in the week on Thursday , I stayed in Oklahoma City an extra night and the team was nice enough to take me out for dinner again . I knew someone on the staff from USA Basketball , so we got to hang out and it was definitely nice to relax for a little bit .
I flew out to Utah on Tuesday , two days before my workout . I do n't want to talk trash about the hotel in Utah because it was nice ; I was in a really nice room . But what kind of hotel that 's that nice does not have high definition televisions ? You guys know I 'm a big video game player . I brought my Xbox because I knew I was going to be in the room for a long time before my workout , and I could not even hook it up to the TV !
I felt weird about it , but I called down to the front desk and asked if I could move to a room with an HDTV , even if I had to downgrade to a regular room or something . She said , “ Sir , I 'm sorry . All of our TVs are like that. ” I was kind of speechless but obviously had to deal with it .
As it turns out , I did not leave my room once for those two days before the workout . I was on my iPad watching The Wire , doing some reading , getting some extra sleep and texting with friends . My iPad was probably angry with me for how much I used it , honestly ; I found games to play on the iPad all day . I did n't do anything but hang out , order room service and relax . I even turned away housekeeping .
I 've still been killing the room service , do n't you worry .
Anyway , the workout with the Jazz was a tough one . I went up against Jabari Brown ( Missouri ) , Alec Brown ( Green Bay ) , Chaz Williams ( UMass ) , Jordan Adams ( UCLA ) and TJ Bray ( Princeton ) . The altitude definitely got to me and some of the other guys ; Utah understood that and did not push us too hard .
My mom saw my post-workout interview online and thought I sounded really tired , so I know it at least came through that I worked hard . I had interviewed with Utah previously at the NBA Combine , but they wanted to find out a little bit more about me so we did meet again while I was there .
I flew to Dallas right after the workout in Utah because it was scheduled for the next day on Friday . Nick Russell ( SMU ) , Fuquan Edwin ( Seton Hall ) , Jordan McRae ( Tennessee ) , Khem Birch ( Louisville ) and Melvin Ejim ( Iowa State ) were all on that visit with me . That was a good workout with a lot of great competition , some tough three-on-three drills .
Jordan McRae is a bit of a clown out there – in a good way . He wants to make sure all the guys are having fun and not taking things too seriously .
I definitely think I did really , really well in the workout with the Mavericks . I spent most of the time guarding Khem Birch , who I had 40 pounds on , so there were times when I was able to dominate a little bit .
In the interview with Dallas , they asked me about football a couple times – if I ever played , considered playing , etc . They thought it was hilarious that I actually played baseball instead of pitcher , joking that I was probably looked pretty dominant standing on the mound at my size .
The only thing I regret from the Mavericks visit is that I did not get a picture with Dirk [ Nowitski ] or Mark Cuban , the owner . Both of them were there at the facility when I was working out and walking around .
We went back to the hotel after , and I stayed an extra night with Fuquan Edwin . He was talking so much trash about how he could beat me in FIFA on Xbox , but I beat him three games in a row . We played international teams in honor of the World Cup .
I flew out of Dallas on Saturday afternoon and landed here in Minnesota through a storm delay . I met up with two guys who used to work on the Florida Gators staff whose names some fans may recognize – Josh Adel and Billy O'Meara . We hung out on Saturday and watched some Always Sunny in Philadelphia . I stayed at their house Saturday night and then spent Sunday helping out at a youth shooting camp at the school .
They made me an honorary Golden Gopher for the day .
Josh surprised me by putting me on the spot , telling the kids [ ages 8-14 ] that I would speak to them and tell them about my career , getting to the Final Four . I was not really prepared for it , but I spoke about chasing your dreams , being humble , having a vision and following through .
Then he put me on the spot again and said I had to shoot two pressure free throws with all the kids on the baseline watching me . If I missed , he promised I would buy all 40 kids there new shoes . I was thinking , “ First of all , I do n't have any money… ” But I stepped up and knocked down both of them and then played some hoops with the kids for a little bit afterward . I played some one-on-one and tried to dunk on one of the kids for fun , but I actually missed it . I definitely had a lot of fun out there .
Now I 'm back in the hotel waiting for my work out on Monday with the Timberwolves . It is a busy week with four total workouts in five days , so be sure to check in again next week !
Go Gators !
In an embarrassing development , the Delhi High Court on Monday asked Delhi Police if it really understood what sedition was .
During the hearing of the JNU students ' union leader , Kanhaiya Kumar , the bench of Justice Pratibha Rani asked , “ Do you know what sedition is . Was there any CCTV footage of entire incident ? If report is based on TV channel footage , is there any other evidence . ”
The court further said , “ If you had all the evidence and witnesses of the incident on 9 February , then why did you wait for the Zee News footage to go on air ? Why did you not take action aat that moment ? ”
The HC said that presence at the spot was different from participation in anti-India slogans .
Read full coverage on JNU Controversy
The court said , “ Everything was happening at JNU , SHO was stationed at the gate . There were police in plain clothes there . If you have all these people , why wait for Zee News video ?
“ Someone was raising slogans that you ca n't even read here . Was police relaxing ? Is it possible ? Was n't police supposed to take cognisance then and there ? ”
This came after Delhi Police denied having any video evidence to corroborate charges of sedition against Kanhaiya .
It told the court , “ In the video Kanhaiya Kumar can not be seen shouting slogans . However , there are witnesses to his shouting slogans . We do have independent witnesses- JNU officials , Chief security officers and students of JNU . ”
Delhi police said that an individual with iPhone 6 had recorded the slogans but Kanhaiya was not seen chanting slogans .
Kanhaiya 's lawyer , Kapil Sibal told the court that he the arrested student leader was only there to ‘ break fight , he opposes anti national slogans & did n't raise them . '
Delhi government too informed the HC that there was no evidence against Kanhaiya arguing that he should be granted a bail .
The court reserved its order for 2 March on the bail plea .
More to come
Megyn Kelly is n't laughing about The Daily Show host Trevor Noah 's takedown of her highly anticipated interview with Donald Trump .
On Wednesday 's The Daily Show , Noah played clips from Kelly 's interview , which aired Tuesday on Fox . Noah characterized her questions as going easy on Trump , with whom she had feuded with for months .
After Kelly asked him about retweeting attacks that called her a bimbo “ many times , ” Trump smiled and said “ excuse me , ” causing Kelly to smile . Noah mocked this moment particularly hard .
“ We 're talking about misogyny , not a fart . ‘ Excuse me ? ' ” said Noah . “ And Megan Kelly , I do n't get it . You spent months lambasting Trump for his sexist comments . And now you 're just laughing it off . I ca n't believe this , but Megyn Kelly just got negged by Donald Trump . He repeatedly insulted her and then all of a sudden switched it up with a little charm . And just like that , she 's all smiles . ”
Noah went on to edit his own staff into the interview , having them question Trump – only to be charmed into making peace with him .
Kelly , 45 , responded to the takedown on Twitter , writing Thursday : “ So grateful I have men like @ Trevornoah 2 advise on how to deal w/gender attacks- I 'm sure his life experience far better than mine on this ! ”
So grateful I have men like @ Trevornoah 2 advise on how to deal w/gender attacks- I 'm sure his life experience far better than mine on this ! — Megyn Kelly ( @ megynkelly ) May 19 , 2016
Kelly earned Trump 's ire after she moderated the first presidential debate last August . The Republican candidate , 69 , spent months speaking out against Kelly , calling her “ sick ” and “ the most overrated person on television . ”
Ahead of their interview , Kelly opened up to PEOPLE about surviving the attacks .
“ I just wanted to stop , ” she said . “ You 'd get past an incident and then it would start again . It was really shocking . ”
The Daily Show airs Monday-Thursdays ( 11 p.m . ET ) on Comedy Central . The Kelly File airs weekdays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on Fox News .
This email has also been verified by Google DKIM 2048-bit RSA key
Re : Cadillac tax
From : aoleary @ hillaryclinton.com To : re47 @ hillaryclinton.com CC : bfallon @ hillaryclinton.com , jpalmieri @ hillaryclinton.com , john.podesta @ gmail.com , jbenenson @ bsgco.com , gruncom @ aol.com , jsullivan @ hillaryclinton.com Date : 2015-09-26 21:42 Subject : Re : Cadillac tax
June 8 , 2015 Stanford engineers develop state-by-state plan to convert U.S. to 100 % clean , renewable energy by 2050 Mark Z. Jacobson and colleagues show that it 's technically possible for each state to replace fossil fuel energy with entirely clean , renewable energy . By Bjorn Carey Stanford Professor Mark Z. Jacobson and other researchers have calculated how to meet each state 's new power demands using only the renewable energies of wind , solar , geothermal , hydroelectric , and tiny amounts of tidal and wave available to each state . ( Vaclav Volrab / Shutterstock One potential way to combat ongoing climate change , eliminate air pollution mortality , create jobs and stabilize energy prices involves converting the world 's entire energy infrastructure to run on clean , renewable energy . This is a daunting challenge . But now , in a new study , Mark Z. Jacobson , a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford , and colleagues , including U.C . Berkeley researcher Mark Delucchi , are the first to outline how each of the 50 states can achieve such a transition by 2050 . The 50 individual state plans call for aggressive changes to both infrastructure and the ways we currently consume energy , but indicate that the conversion is technically and economically possible through the wide-scale implementation of existing technologies . `` The main barriers are social , political and getting industries to change . One way to overcome the barriers is to inform people about what is possible , '' Jacobson said . `` By showing that it 's technologically and economically possible , this study could reduce the barriers to a large scale transformation . '' The study is published in the online edition of Energy and Environmental Sciences . An interactive map summarizing the plans for each state is available at www.thesolutionsproject.org . Jacobson and his colleagues started by taking a close look at the current energy demands of each state , and how those demands would change under business-as-usual conditions by the year 2050 . To create a full picture of energy use in each state , they examined energy usage in four sectors : residential , commercial , industrial and transportation . For each sector , they then analyzed the current amount and source of the fuel consumed – coal , oil , gas , nuclear , renewables – and calculated the fuel demands if all fuel usage were replaced with electricity . This is a significantly challenging step – it assumes that all the cars on the road become electric , and that homes and industry convert to fully electrified heating and cooling systems . But Jacobson said that their calculations were based on integrating existing technology , and the energy savings would be significant . `` When we did this across all 50 states , we saw a 39 percent reduction in total end-use power demand by the year 2050 , '' Jacobson said . `` About 6 percentage points of that is gained through efficiency improvements to infrastructure , but the bulk is the result of replacing current sources and uses of combustion energy with electricity . '' The next step involved figuring out how to power the new electric grid . The researchers focused on meeting each state 's new power demands using only the renewable energies – wind , solar , geothermal , hydroelectric , and tiny amounts of tidal and wave – available to each state . They analyzed each state 's sun exposure , and how many south-facing , non-shaded rooftops could accommodate solar panels . They developed and consulted wind maps and determined whether local offshore wind turbines were an option . Geothermal energy was available at a reasonable cost for only 13 states . The plan calls for virtually no new hydroelectric dams , but does account for energy gains from improving the efficiency of existing dams . The report lays out individual roadmaps for each state to achieve an 80 percent transition by 2030 , and a full conversion by 2050 . Jacobson said that several states are already on their way . Washington state , for instance , could make the switch to full renewables relatively quickly , thanks to the fact that more than 70 percent of its current electricity comes from existing hydroelectric sources . That translates to about 35 percent of the state 's all-purpose power if Washington were 100-percent electrified ; wind and solar could fill most of the remainder .
Iowa and South Dakota are also well-positioned , as they already generate nearly 30 percent of their electricity from wind power . California , which was the focus of Jacobson 's second single-state roadmap to renewables after New York , has already adopted some of his group 's suggestions and has a plan to be 60 percent electrified by renewables by 2030 . The plan calls for no more than 0.5 percent of any state 's land to be covered in solar panels or wind turbines . The upfront cost of the changes would be significant , but wind and sunlight are free . So the overall cost spread over time would be roughly equal to the price of the fossil fuel infrastructure , maintenance and production . `` When you account for the health and climate costs – as well as the rising price of fossil fuels – wind , water and solar are half the cost of conventional systems , '' Jacobson said . `` A conversion of this scale would also create jobs , stabilize fuel prices , reduce pollution-related health problems and eliminate emissions from the United States . There is very little downside to a conversion , at least based on this science . '' Jacobson said that if the conversion is followed exactly as his plan outlines , the reduction of air pollution in the U.S. could prevent the deaths of approximately 63,000 Americans who die from air pollution-related causes each year . It would also eliminate U.S. emissions of greenhouse gases produced from fossil fuel , which would otherwise cost the world $ 3.3 trillion a year by 2050 . For more details , visit Jacobson 's website and The Solutions Project . For more Stanford experts on energy and other topics , visit Stanford Experts . -30-
As silly as it might be , novelty architecture is something that we ca n't seem to get enough of around here . We 've previously looked at buildings designed to look like other things ( care to live in a giant conch shell , anyone ? ) , as well as crazy structures shaped like fruit ( a roundup surprisingly dominated by oranges and tomatoes ) . But a post over on MetaFilter got us thinking about the zoological forms that buildings occasionally take on . From the most adorable kitty-shaped kindergarten that you 've ever seen to a fisheries office in India that was designed to resemble a big , happy fish , click through to check out some of the world 's best animal-inspired buildings , and just try not to a crack a smile .
Kindergarten Wolfartsweier – Karlsruhe , Germany
Photo credit : Milk Magazine via Apartment Therapy
In this week 's segment for All Things Hockey with yours truly ( Founder and Editor-in-Chief : Igor Burdetskiy ) I aim to reach out to the hockey community for support as we inch ever so closer to less than 24hrs till an NHL lockout gets announced .
They say the third time 's a charm but I do n't think that logic works in this situation… .
So what do we as passionate hockey-loving fans do now ? Do we honestly think we have a major voice to these Millionaires ( players ) and Billionaires ( owners ) ? I 'm an incredibly positive individual and I know deep in my heart both sides will get their act together to have a season by Thanksgiving time as our coyotes contributor wrote about it here .
Do I want to wait that long for NHL quality hockey….No , I do not . Is it going to be easy to wait with just pure faith in both the owners and players have the fans on their mind….of course not ! Will I seek alternatives until then….yes , like college hockey and streaming KHL games . It 's something I thought would never happen again since the last lockout ( 2004-05 season ) which nearly lost even me as a hockey fan .
So how do we ease the pain for the time being ? I do n't have a real answer but I know I 'll be playing this song every single day until we have a season once more !
If you have any feelings to express about this entire lockout situation please do so below in the comments – I always look forward to talking hockey with all hockey-loving fans and venting will help us all get through this hard time !
There 's enough hockey in the world , said no-one .
The Hockey Guy wishing you all a great weekend one way or another ,
– Igor Burdetskiy
Story highlights The exercise is dubbed North Thunder
Arab and Muslim nations are taking part in Saudi drill , Saudi Press Agency says
( CNN ) Saudi Arabia launched a massive military exercise that will include troops from 20 nations , state media reported Monday .
The drill , dubbed North Thunder , involves Arab and Muslim countries , according to the Saudi Press Agency . It 's taking place in King Khalid Military City in northeastern Saudi Arabia .
The news agency did not provide much information on what the exercise entails but called it `` the largest in the region 's history . '' The agency said it will involve air , sea and land forces .
JUST WATCHED Will Saudi Arabia send ground troops to Syria ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Will Saudi Arabia send ground troops to Syria ? 01:06
In addition to Saudi Arabia , other participating nations include Jordan , Bahrain , Senegal , Oman , Qatar , United Arab Emirates , Sudan , Kuwait , the Maldives , Morocco , Pakistan , Chad , Tunisia , Comoro Islands , Djibouti , Malaysia , Egypt , Mauritania and Mauritius .
`` North Thunder drills represent a clear message that the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its brothers and friends of the participating countries stand united to confront all challenges and maintain peace and stability in the region , '' the agency said .
CTVNews.ca Staff
A Northern Ontario farm family hopes a fruit that 's grown in almost every province in Canada but few Canadians have ever heard of , let alone tasted , will capture consumers ' imagination and tastebuds when they debut in stores later this summer .
The little-known haskap fruit , also known as blue honeysuckle , is an indigo-coloured berry that 's said to taste like a cross between blueberries , raspberries and Saskatoon berries , depending on which strain you eat .
“ They are native to mostly the northern countries of the Northern Hemisphere , ” said Justin Filion , a co-owner of the Valley Nursery Sod near Sudbury .
The plants are perfectly suited for colder climates , with some breeds being able to withstand temperatures of – 45 degrees Celsius .
The Filion family , who own and run the Valley Nursery Sod , decided to expand into something new four years ago .
`` With the economy and farming , it was time to diversify into something else , ” Ginette Filion told CTV Northern Ontario .
Despite their popularity in Europe and Asia , they 're still relatively unknown in Canada .
`` I started here about three months ago , and I had n't heard of [ haskap ] until I started , ” said Braeden Nuets , a farmworker .
As the family continues to learn more about the fresh crop from researchers at the University of Saskatchewan , their haskap berries are set to be sold for the first time in two Sudbury-area stores .
The family also plans to make products out of the fruit , such as salad dressings and barbecue sauces , because the picking season is only two to three weeks long .
With files from CTV Northern Ontario 's Claude Sharma
It 's important to find your passions in life . I do n't have very many . But the few that I do , I have an absolute mastery over . By far , my biggest passion and greatest love in this life is to park my car for free .
Paid parking is for
idiots and troglodytes .
I feel bad for you .
Here 's the way this goes down . I tell you I park for free . You respond with skepticism , your own sense of inadequacy and self loathing beginning to bubble just under the surface . “ It ca n't be real , ” you think . “ He must be lying , ” you tell yourself . But then I go on in withering detail how my free parking scam works :
Here 's the scam : I just
park wherever I want to ,
then nothing happens .
See a free metered parking space in the city ? Ok , that 'll do . Now park there . Boom , done . The hardest part about this whole scam is when you shut the car door , enjoy your day , come back , and then drive away without being ticketed . I do n't have a special area that I do it in . I do n't stick one part of the city or the other . I just park for free wherever and whenever I want with absolute impunity . That 's the scam .
Why would I ever
pay for parking ? The city
just bags me not to .
If you park long enough , the value of the parking will eventually outstrip the cost of the tickets . Sprinkle in city incompetence , and you can soon begin to know the absolute freedom and godlike power of parking for free . Where I live , one ticket is equal to 12 hours of paid parking . It 's been worth it every day since I parked for 13 hours and did n't get a ticket . That was years ago . I 'm so far ahead that I 'd need to get about five consecutive tickets to get back to even with the city for just this year alone . That will never happen .
Parking enforcement
is both lazy and stupid .
Park in front of them .
Sometimes as a display of my undeniable alpha male status , I find the parking bitch , and park for free right in front of him . I am daring that castrato to give me one of his delicate tickets printed on the most wafer thin of tissue papers that he caries around in his fairy princess parking mobile to clean his vagina with . The sight of my dominant posture , confident stride , luminous hair and blazing eyes makes him shudder with equal parts fear and sexual arousal . By the time his stupor is broken , it 's three hours later , there is no ticket on my car , and I 'm laughing , laughing maniacally , at the puddle of fear and urine that 's left in the seat of his little parking enforcement clown car .
You can be like me :
A bronzed god , eyes like fire
just parking for free .
All you have to do is believe . Do you man enough to believe in your own god like power within ?
After free parking
the scent of flowers wafts through
the ionized air .
That 's how you can tell that I just parked for free . The parking enforcement half-men know the scent , and they like it .
In the last two years
I have received three tickets ,
54 dollars .
Perhaps you 're put off by my haltingly accurate rhetoric . I understand . This level of truth is hard to swallow . But the numbers do n't lie . I 'm opening up the books for you , gentle reader .
If I paid to park
it would have cost me roughly
2,000 dollars .
That 's parking an average of twelve hours a week , for fifty two weeks a year for three years , at one dollar an hour . Even if I parked for less time , and even if the rate were a little cheaper , it was still worth it to pay fifty four dollars to park wherever the fuck I want to for years on end .
I went to pay one
of my parking tickets and
it was the wrong car .
I type in the code on the ticket , and it has all the information for some other car from fucking Canada on there . I look up my own license plate number , and lo and behold , there is no ticket under my name , despite holding the dainty tissue paper in my hand taken moments ago from under my very windshield . That was when I knew that my victory was total . That 's when I knew that I was more god than man .
I almost feel bad
for the poorly run city ;
that 's bullshit , I do n't .
I know the secret to making everyone comply with parking rules . But I 'll never share that information with the city . In lieu of that , follow me through a thought experiment . You go to a sporting event in your city . You have the option of a parking lot close to the arena , for $ 40 . Further away it costs $ 30 . The absolute cheapest costs $ 20 . Next to the cheapest lot , you notice a free metered space . If I know the ticket is going to cost me $ 18 in the absolute worst case scenario , would n't you take that gamble ? Is n't it your duty as a man ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption About 800 registered sex offenders travelled overseas from Australia in 2016
Convicted paedophiles would be denied passports in Australia under a `` world-first '' plan proposed by the government .
The proposal , to be introduced to parliament , would prohibit registered sex offenders from travelling overseas .
Justice Minister Michael Keenan said it would affect about 20,000 offenders who had completed punishments but remained under monitoring by authorities .
Sex offenders would be able to apply for passports if they were no longer on the register , the government said .
`` No country has ever taken such decisive and strong action to stop its citizens from going overseas , often to vulnerable countries , to abuse kids , '' Mr Keenan said .
About 800 registered sex offenders travelled overseas from Australia in 2016 , according to the government .
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Australian man Robert Andrew Fiddes Ellis ( R ) was jailed in Indonesia last year
'Abhorrent crime '
The government said about 3,200 sex offenders would never be eligible for passports because they were being monitored for life .
Mr Keenan described child sex tourism as an `` absolutely abhorrent crime '' .
The proposal was reached with independent Senator Derryn Hinch , long time campaigner for tougher laws to deal with sex offenders .
Mr Hinch said the proposal would protect children .
`` You go to Bali , you go to Phnom Penh , you go to Siem Reap , and you see these middle-aged Australian men there , Caucasian men , with a young local kid - they are not there to get a suntan , '' he told reporters on Tuesday .
Last year , Australian man Robert Andrew Fiddes Ellis was convicted of sexually abusing 11 girls in Indonesia and jailed for 15 years .
The degraded imagination of the libertarian seasteaders
Freedom is late .
Since 2003 , a colossal barge called the Freedom Ship , of debatable tax status , should have been chugging with majestic aimlessness from port to port , a leviathan rover with more than 40,000 wealthy full-time residents living , working and playing on deck . That was the aim eight years ago when the project first made headlines , confidently claiming that construction would start in 2000 .
A visit to the “ news ” section of freedomship.com reveals a more sluggish pace . The most recent messages date from more than two years ago , forlornly explaining how “ scam operations ” are slowing things down but that “ [ t ] hings are happening , and they are moving fast. ” Meanwhile , the ship is not yet finished . Indeed , it is not yet started . Despite this , Freedom Ship International Inc. has been startlingly successful in raising publicity for this “ floating city. ” Much credulous journalistic cooing over “ the biggest vessel in history , ” with its “ hospitals , banks , sports centres , parks , theaters and nightclubs , ” not to mention its airport , has ignored the vessel 's stubborn nonexistence .
Freedom Ship 's website claims that the vessel has not been conceived as a locus for tax avoidance , pointing out that as it will sail under a flag of convenience , residents may still be liable for taxes in their home countries . Nonetheless , whatever the ultimate tax status of those whom we will charitably presume might one day set sail , much of the interest in Freedom Ship has revolved precisely around its perceived status as a tax haven .
And despite the apparent corrective on the website , the project 's officials have not been shy in purveying that impression . They have pushed promotional literature that , in the words of one journalist , “ paints the picture of a luminous tax haven , ” and stressed that the ship will levy “ [ n ] o income tax , no real estate tax , no sales tax , no business duties , no import duties. ” Of course , as no cruise ship could ever levy income tax , to trumpet that fact is preposterous , except as a propaganda strategy .
Freedom Ship 's board of directors are canny enough to recognize tax hatred as a defining characteristic of the tradition of fantasies in which it sits . It is one of countless recent dreams of a tax-free life on the ocean wave : advocates of “ seasteading ” are disproportionately adherents of “ libertarianism , ” that peculiarly American philosophy of venal petty-bourgeois dissidence .
Libertarianism is by no means a unified movement . As many of its advocates proudly stress , it comprises a taxonomy of bickering branches–minarchists , objectivists , paleo- and neolibertarians , agorists , et various al.–just like a real social theory . Claiming a lineage with post-Enlightenment classical liberalism , as well as in some cases with the resoundingly portentous blatherings of Ayn Rand , all of its variants are characterized , to differing degrees , by fervent , even cultish , faith in what is quaintly termed the “ free ” market , and extreme antipathy to that vaguely conceived bogeyman , “ the state , ” with its regulatory and fiscal powers .
Above all , they recast their most banal avarice–the disinclination to pay tax–as a principled blow for political freedom . Not content with existing offshore tax shelters , multimillionaires and property developers have aspired to build their own . For each such rare project that sees ( usually brief ) life , there are many unfettered by actual existence , such as Laissez-Faire City , a proposed offshore tax haven inspired by a particularly crass and gung-ho libertarianism , that generated press interest in the mid-'90s only to collapse in infighting and bad blood ; or New Utopia , an intended sea-based libertarian micro-nation in the Caribbean that degenerated with breathtaking predictability into nonexistence and scandal .
However , one senses in even their supporters ' literature a dissatisfaction with these attempts that has nothing to do with their abject failure . It is also psycho-geographical : There is something about the atolls , mounts , reefs and miniature islets on which these pioneers have attempted to perch that insults their dignity .
A parable from seasteading 's past goes some way in explaining . In 1971 , millionaire property developer Michael Oliver attempted to establish the Republic of Minerva on a small South Pacific sand atoll . It was soon off-handedly annexed by Tonga , and , in a traumatic actualized metaphor , allowed to dissolve back into the sea . To defeat the predatory outreach of nations and tides , it is clearly not enough to be offshore : True freedom floats .
Utopia degraded
Of course , visions of floating state evasion can not always be explained by a hankering for tax evasion . There have been other precursors . Ships have allowed groups ranging from cheerfully illicit pirate radio stations to socially committed abortion providers , like Women On Waves , to avoid local laws . Not surprisingly , this use for ships has been enthusiastically adopted by businesses , such as SeaCode , which promotes locating outsourced foreign software engineers three miles off the coast of Los Angeles to avoid pesky immigration and labor laws .
It is the less instrumentalist iterations that inspire the imagination . Occasionally , in a spirit of can-do contrarianism , some offshore spit or rig has been designated an independent country , such as Sealand , a sea-tower-based nation with no permanent inhabitants on Britain 's Suffolk coast . The startling notion of coagulated ship-city has unsurprisingly been featured in fiction , as in Lloyd Kropp 's Sargasso-based The Drift and Neal Stephenson 's “ The Raft , ” in Snow Crash . It is a measure of how disastrous a film Waterworld was that its floating homesteads failed to hold the attention . The cultural fascination , however , remains .
Many of the projects currently under discussion cite ecological concerns as their rationale . However , the more ambitious these projects are , the more vague their details and mechanics . The unbearably New-Age habitat of Celestopea is to be built of the wincingly punning and hypothetically enviro-friendly Seament . Clearly , the original rationale of seasteading is sheer utopian exuberance .
Floating cities are dreamed of because how cool is that ? –an entirely legitimate , admirable reason . The archives of seasteading are irresistible reading , the best of the utopias are awesome , and floating-city imaginings are in themselves a delightful mental game . The problem is the crippling of this tradition by free-market vulgarians .
In these times , utopian imagination for its own sake has a bad rap , so some unconvincing instrumental rationale must be tacked on–yeah , save the planet , whatever . Among the rather cautious purposes architect Eugene Tsui lists for his proposed floating city of Nexus are the development of mariculture , clean energy and “ experimental education programs ” : Reading these bullet points , one might almost forget that Nexus is a five-mile-long , self-propelling mountainous island shaped like a horseshoe crab . Its sheer beautiful preposterousness should n't be an embarrassment : It is the point of the dream , whatever the design specs say .
Utopianism has always had two , usually though not always contradictory , aesthetic and avant-gardist gravitational pulls : toward a hallucinatory baroque or , alternately , a post-Corbusier functionalism . In seasteading , these iterations are represented by Tsui 's hallucinatory organicism on one hand and Buckminster Fuller 's extraordinary , floating , ziggurat-like Triton City on the other .
The libertarian seasteaders are heirs to this visionary tradition but degrade it with their class politics . They almost make one nostalgic for more grandiose enemy dreams . The uncompromising monoliths of fascist and Stalinist architecture expressed their paymasters ' monstrous ambitions . The wildest of the libertarian seasteaders , New Utopia , manages to crossfertilize its drab Miami-ism with enough candy floss Las Vegaries to keep a crippled baroque distantly in sight . Freedom Ship , however , is a floating shopping mall , a buoyant block of midrange Mediterranean hotels . This failure of utopian imagination is nowhere clearer than in the floating city of the long defunct but still influential Atlantis Project .
It is a libertarian dream . Hexagonal neighborhoods of square apartments bob sedately by tiny coiffed parks and tastefully featureless marinas , an Orange County of the soul . It is the ultimate gated community , designed not by the very rich and certainly not by the very powerful , but by the middlingly so . As a utopia , the Atlantis Project is pitiful . Beyond the single one-trick fact of its watery location , it is tragically non-ambitious , crippled with class anxiety , nostalgic not for mythic glory but for the anonymous sanctimony of an invented 1950s . This is no ruling class vision : it is the plaintive daydream of a petty bourgeoisie , whose sulky solution to perceived social problems is to run away–set sail into a tax-free sunset .
None of this is surprising . Libertarianism is not a ruling-class theory . It may be indulged , certainly , for the useful ideas it can throw up , and its prophets have at times influenced dominant ideologies–witness the cack-handed depredations of the “ Chicago Boys ” in Chile after Allende 's bloody overthrow . But untempered by the realpolitik of Reaganism and Thatcherism , the anti-statism of “ pure ” libertarianism is worse than useless to the ruling class .
Big capital will support tax-lowering measures , of course , but it does not need to piss and moan about taxes with the tedious relentlessness of the libertarian . Big capital , with its ranks of accountant-Houdinis , just gets on with not paying it . And why hate a state that pays so well ? Big capital is big , after all , not only because of the generous contracts its state obligingly hands it , but because of the gun-ships with which its state opens up markets for it .
It is well known that Hillary Clinton does not support the Second Amendment . This is why the 2016 presidential election is so critical to our country , and maintaining our Constitutional right to bear arms . In 2014 , CNN held a town hall style interview with Hillary . Part of her talking points included claims that those who support the Second Amendment and gun rights are in the minority . She also declared that gun owners are terrorizing Americans . You can see the video here .
Except that there are around 100 million law-abiding gun owners , which is hardly a minority . They are the people keeping our neighborhoods safer . So , why does Hillary hate guns so much ? It might be about money .
The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act
The PLCAA says that firearms dealers and manufacturers must be treated like any other consumer product . So , it protects firearms manufacturers and dealers from liability if crimes are committed with their products . Without the law , gun owners and manufacturers would have to face what is called “ Legislation by Litigation. ” Hillary wants to repeal the PLCAA . Why ? Well , if someone steals your gun and murders someone–you , and the gun manufacturer are liable .
If you hurt someone–whether it be accidental or on purpose–you , and your gun manufacturer are liable . So , every accidental death , wounding or suicide might result in a lawsuit . Trial lawyers can pursue gun owners , dealers and manufacturers at any time . To tie it all together , trial lawyers have donated over $ 7 million to Hillary 's presidential campaign . Why is Hillary always so greedy ? She wants that money so bad , she even called gun owners “ terrorists . ”
More history
During Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign , she said this :
I will also work to reinstate the assault weapons ban . We had it during the 1990s . It really was an aid to our police officers , who are now once again , because it has lapsed–the Republicans will not reinstate it–are being outgunned on our streets by these military-style weapons .
In addition , she has mentioned a national firearms registry by stating :
I stand in support of this common sense legislation to license everyone who wishes to purchase a gun . I also believe that every new handgun sale or transfer should be registered in a national registry .
Hillary obviously does n't care that many of America 's major cities have become slaughterhouses . She stands against Stop-and-frisk knowing more people will die , then they can blame and sue the gun owners .
Leaked audio
In this leaked recording , Hillary tries to stick it to the NRA . She can be heard saying :
I was proud when my husband took [ the National Rifle Association ] on , and we were able to ban assault weapons , but he had to put a sunset on so 10 years later . Of course [ President George W. ] Bush would n't agree to reinstate them . We 've got to go after this . And here again , the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment . And I am going to make that case every chance I get . I 'm going to speak out , I 'm going to do everything I can to rally people against this pernicious , corrupting influence of the NRA and we 're going to do whatever we can . The idea that you can have an open carry permit with an AK-47 over your shoulder walking up and down the aisles of a supermarket is just despicable .
You can listen to her remarks here :
Hillary is so corrupt . Most massacres occur in gun free zones ! Wild Bill for America explains the problem quite well .
Patients with addiction have a greater tendency to engage in risk-taking behavior . However , the neural substrates responsible for these deficits remain unknown . Here we demonstrated that chronic methamphetamine-treated rats preferred high-risk/high-reward actions and assigned higher value to high returns , indicative of altered decision-making . Pharmacological studies revealed that the insular neural system controls decision-making in both healthy and methamphetamine-treated rats . We further confirmed the role of the insular cortex in decision-making using designer receptor exclusively activated by designer drug technology . Because decision-making is a cognitive process that influences many aspects of daily living and both mental and physical health , the findings of this study have broader implications .
Abstract
Patients suffering from neuropsychiatric disorders such as substance-related and addictive disorders exhibit altered decision-making patterns , which may be associated with their behavioral abnormalities . However , the neuronal mechanisms underlying such impairments are largely unknown . Using a gambling test , we demonstrated that methamphetamine ( METH ) -treated rats chose a high-risk/high-reward option more frequently and assigned higher value to high returns than control rats , suggestive of changes in decision-making choice strategy . Immunohistochemical analysis following the gambling test revealed aberrant activation of the insular cortex ( INS ) and nucleus accumbens in METH-treated animals . Pharmacological studies , together with in vivo microdialysis , showed that the insular neural system played a crucial role in decision-making . Moreover , manipulation of INS activation using designer receptor exclusively activated by designer drug technology resulted in alterations to decision-making . Our findings suggest that the INS is a critical region involved in decision-making and that insular neural dysfunction results in risk-taking behaviors associated with altered decision-making .
Written by Rod Temperton
Produced by Quincy Jones for Quincy Jones Productions
From the album Thriller , released November 30 , 1982
Released as a single January 23 , 1984
THE SHORT FILM
Director : John Landis
Primary Production Location : Los Angeles , California
Michael Jackson 's short film for “ Thriller ” was the third of three short films produced for recordings from Thriller , which continues its reign as the biggest selling album of all time with worldwide sales in excess of 105 million as of June 1 , 2016 and in December 2015 became the first ever album to be awarded triple diamond status ( i.e . : sales in excess of 30 million ) by the RIAA for US sales alone . The “ Thriller ” single reached No . 1 in four countries in 1984 , topping the U.S . Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart as well as charts in Spain , France and Belgium . The song peaked at No . 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 , making Thriller the first album to feature seven Top 10 singles . The Recording Industry Association of America certified “ Thriller ” Gold and Platinum on December 4 , 1989 .
The groundbreaking short films for the Thriller album , starting with “ Billie Jean , ” following up with “ Beat It ” and culminating with the epic , nearly 14-minute “ Thriller , ” truly expanded the possibilities of “ music video ” as art form . “ I wanted something that would glue you to the set , something you 'd want to watch over and over , ” Michael wrote in his 1988 memoir Moonwalk . “ I wanted to be a pioneer in this relatively new medium and make the best short music movies we could make . ”
In the short film 's extended prologue , Michael 's moonlit date with his girlfriend ( played by model Ola Ray ) is interrupted by his sudden transformation into a howling werewolf . While the “ real ” Michael and Ola , observing the scene in a movie theater , walk home from the their date , Michael teases her by singing the verses of “ Thriller. ” Afterward , a horde of zombies rises from their graves , threatening the couple . Michael soon turns into a zombie himself , and leads the troupe in an incredible choreographed dance routine to the rest of the song . Afterward , Michael and the zombies corner Ola in an abandoned house , only for her to realize it was all a nightmare—though Michael offers a last , beast-eyed glance at the camera before the credits roll .
Having seen John Landis ' horror-comedy An American Werewolf in London , Michael believed the same creative team could help realize his vision for “ Thriller. ” Director John Landis ; producer George Folsey , Jr. ; makeup artist Rick Baker ( winner of the first Academy Award for Best Makeup on An American Werewolf in London ) ; editor Malcolm Campbell ; director of photography Robert Paynter and composer Elmer Bernstein all contributed to Michael Jackson 's “ Thriller . ”
The “ Thriller ” short film has been universally recognized as the most important music video of all time . It first broadcast on MTV on December 2 , 1983—the network 's first world premiere video—and was soon released on videocassette as part of Making Michael Jackson 's Thriller , a feature-length documentary that was named the Best Selling Music Video by The Guinness Book of World Records in 2002 .
In 1984 , “ Thriller ” received three MTV Video Music Awards for Best Overall Performance in a Video , Best Choreography in a Video and Viewer 's Choice , as well as a People 's Choice Award for Favorite Video of the Year . The short film was inducted into the Music Video Producers ' Hall of Fame in 1991 , and in 2009 was selected for the Library of Congress National Film Registry—the first , and to date , only time a music video has received such an honor . In 1999 , MTV ranked “ Thriller ” as the greatest music video of all time , one of three entries of Jackson 's on the chart alongside “ Billie Jean ” and “ Beat It. ” In 2001 , VH1 also named “ Thriller ” the greatest music video of all time , one of five of Jackson 's short films on the chart including “ Billie Jean , ” “ Beat It , ” “ Black or White ” and “ Scream . ”
The choreography of “ Thriller , ” created by Jackson and Michael Peters , continues to influence popular culture . In 2006 , a Guinness World Record-setting event in Toronto , Ontario , Canada found 62 people re-enacting the classic “ Thriller dance ” ; this inspired an annual event , Thrill the World , where thousands of dancers in hundreds of events around the world organize simultaneous “ Thriller ” performances . On Michael 's birthday in 2009 , the latest group to usurp this record was organized by the Instituto de la Juventud del Gobierno del Distrito Federal , which brought together 13,597 participants in an event at the Monumento a la Revolución in Mexico City .
By Damian Paletta | Washington Post
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin 's wife Louise Linton boasted of flying on a government plane with her husband to Kentucky on Monday and then named the numerous fashion brands she wore on the trip in an unusual social media post that only became more bizarre minutes later .
When someone posted a comment on Linton 's Instagram picture that criticized the way Linton touted the trip , the treasury secretary 's wife swung back hard , mentioning the extreme wealth she and her husband control .
“ Did you think this was a personal trip ? ! ” Linton wrote on her Instagram page , responding to the person who had written “ glad we could pay for your little getaway . ”
( Linton 's Instagram account was later made “ private ” so that it could not be publicly seen ) .
Linton continued in her response to the critic : “ Adorable ! Do you think the US govt paid for our honeymoon or personal travel ? ! Lololol . Have you given more to the economy than me and my husband ? Either as an individual earner in taxes OR in self sacrifice to your country ? I 'm pretty sure we paid more taxes toward our day ‘ trip ' than you did . Pretty sure the amount we sacrifice per year is a lot more than you 'd be willing to sacrifice if the choice was yours . ”
Linton added , “ You 're adorably out of touch . . .Thanks for the passive aggressive nasty comment . Your kids look very cute . Your life looks cute . ”
The fashion companies Linton “ tagged ” in her Instagram post were Hermes , Roland Mouret , Tom Ford and Valentino .
Mnuchin , 54 , and Linton , 36 , have been married for two months . It is the third marriage for Mnuchin , a Hollywood producer and former banker .
The bizarre exchange came the day Mnuchin flew to Louisville to try and make the case for Congress to overhaul the tax code . He particularly stressed how the tax changes would help middle class Americans , though Democrats have alleged the Trump administration wants to pass large tax cuts that benefit the wealthy and multinational corporations .
Typically , U.S. Treasury secretaries only fly government planes when they go on international trips . They usually fly on domestic carriers when they are traveling inside the country .
Mnuchin and Linton recently returned from their honeymoon , though they have not revealed where they went . Linton is a Scottish actress and has raised eyebrows within the White House for accompanying Mnuchin to congressional hearings and on other trips that spouses do n't often travel to .
A Treasury Department spokesman said Monday 's flight was cleared by appropriate government channels , and that the Mnuchins covered the cost of Linton 's travel . The spokesman added that Linton did not receive any financial compensation for mentioning the specific fashion brands that she tagged in her Instagram post .
Vladimir Putin , Mayor of Moscow Sergei Sobyanin ( 2nd L , back ) and Steven Seagal visit a new sports arena on the territory of the Sambo-70 training sports complex in Moscow , March 13 , 2013 . Putin , a fan of the kind of martial arts that Seagal often ... more
Vladimir Putin , Mayor of Moscow Sergei Sobyanin ( 2nd L , back ) and Steven Seagal visit a new sports arena on the territory of the Sambo-70 training sports complex in Moscow , March 13 , 2013 . Putin , a fan of the kind of martial arts that Seagal often practises in his Hollywood action movies , signed an order at the start of this month to grant Russian citizenship to Seagal . At the time , a Kremlin spokesman cited Seagal 's `` warm feelings towards Russia '' and his celebrity as the reasons for granting the gesture . REUTERS/Aleksey Nikolskyi/RIA Novosti/Pool
Close
It was perhaps inevitable . Even a beloved boutique manufacturer could only survive for so long on the condo-crazed shores of Williamsburg . Brooklyn Brewery was the city 's first big-time microbrewer and helped bring the sudsy movement to the East Coast in the 1990s . Now , the brewery 's home has been quietly sold , and it looks like a housing conversion of some sort is in the mix .
The 135,000-square-foot five-building complex , originally the Dr. Brown 's Soda factory , sold for $ 16 million , according to Crain 's . The brewery , as well as two design studios , still have years left on their lease , 14 years in the brewery 's case .
The reason for the sale was given as personal , but it does raise questions about the future of the lager-maker in New York . Steve Hindy , its founder , spent years looking for new space to brew in , but complained the city had become unfriendly to manufacturers . After scouring the five boroughs for new facilities , and considering a move upstate , Brooklyn Brewery eventually decided to stay put in Williamsburg and expand within the complex .
Now that the site has been sold , and could go residential , it simply proves Mr. Hindy right , that there is not enough being done to protect the city 's industrial base . Just take a look next door , where Jed Walentas is building a new hotel in the manufacturing district thanks to a zoning loophole .
UPDATE : Brooklyn Brewery boss Steve Hindy emailed The Observer to say that the site housing the brewery itself , 79 North 11th Street has not been sold , but instead two buildings used as warehouse by the brewery , located at 118 North 11th Street . This still creates a challenge for Brooklyn Brewery .
The warehouse is an important part of our business . It houses the “ warm rooms ” and “ cold rooms ” where we mature our bottle-conditioned beers like Brooklyn Local 1 . It also contains our barrel aging rooms where we store some beers in whisky barrels for a few months before bottling . Brooklyn Black Ops is conditioned in bourbon barrels in those rooms .
Mr. Hindy agrees that allowing non-industrial business types into manufacturing areas , and even the supposedly special Industrial Business Zones , creates problems for businesses like his .
The Industrial Business Zone is a great concept , but allowing hotels , banks , chain stores , clubs and other retail businesses does raise the bar ( rent ) for industrial tenants . The brewery is surrounded by a bowling alley/club , a 72-room boutique hotel and a very popular used clothing store–all of which can afford higher rents than we can . I would like to see IBZs that are limited to industrial tenants .
And just because he has a lease through 2025 , he is not convinced the landlord will not try to act sooner than that . “ It will be interesting to see if the new owners of 118 North 11th St try to force us out , ” he wrote in his email .
Also , an earlier version of this post pictured 79 North 11th Street , not 118 North 11th Street .
mchaban @ observer.com
Support for Proposition 19 , a California measure to legalize marijuana for adult use , is falling according to a
.
Continue Reading
But backers of a similar law in Colorado are n't waiting to find out if Prop . 19 passes . They 've created a website , Legalize2012.com , and will be formally launching their campaign at an event tomorrow .
Among the driving forces behind Legalize2012.com is Laura Kriho of the Cannabis Therapy Institute . And while she makes it clear that she 's in favor of Prop . 19 -- `` We hope it passes ; that 'll be better for our momentum '' -- she emphasizes that `` we 're going forward regardless of what happens in California . ''
Why start so early ? After all , the 2010 election will have ended fewer than 24 hours earlier when the Legalize2012.com gets underway at 6:30 p.m. in Boulder ( get full details below ) .
`` One of the main reasons is our patients , '' Kriho explains . `` They are in the process of getting restricted out of being able to get their medicine in a reasonable fashion '' by rules like a $ 90 license fee and various regulations being devised by the Department of Revenue . For one thing , she maintains that the revenue department wants MMJ patients to be fingerprinted , whereas `` our model would allow people to obtain cannabis by merely showing a driver 's license to prove they 're over 21 , the same way people buy alcohol in stores . ''
Another reason , she continues , `` is just to let people know the importance of this . It 's important to get your friends out to vote on November 6 , 2012 -- we already have the date , so put it on your calendar . ''
Marijuana Deals Near You
Some observers have questioned whether Prop . 19 supporters erred by placing the measure on the ballot in an off-year election . After all , more young people -- a demographic likely to support cannabis legalization ( or , as Kriho terms it , `` relegalization '' ) -- vote in presidential-year elections . Kriho does n't criticize this decision , but she stresses that Legalize2012.com will be targeting voters under age 45 . `` Recent polls in Colorado have shown that support for legalization is growing . It 's grown from 46 percent to 49 percent in just two years , and with each year that goes by , things get better for us .
`` Clearly , we have the numbers in Colorado to pass any kind of initiative we want if we 're just able to get people who support it out to the polls . So we need to generate excitement and enthusiasm . It 's going to be a fun campaign , and we want to set the tone now . ''
Among the speakers at tomorrow 's kickoff event will be Paul Danish , a former Boulder city councilman `` who helped with the first Colorado legalization initiative , back in 1992 . It did n't get on the ballot that year -- we did n't collect enough signatures -- but since then , he 's been an activist for legalization on many different levels . And times have changed . ''
No denying that . Page down for more information about tomorrow 's event :
Legalize 2012 Campaign Kickoff Event on Wednesday Legalize2012.com , the campaign to relegalize cannabis for adult use in Colorado in 2012 , will hold a kickoff event on Wednesday , Nov. 3 , 2010 in Boulder . The guest speaker will be Paul Danish , former Boulder County Commissioner and Boulder City Councilman , who will speak on `` The Politics of Cannabis Relegalization '' . Paul Danish has been an avid proponent of cannabis relegalization for many years . In 1992 , he was one of the proponents and authors of the first statewide ballot initiative that would have relegalized cannabis in Colorado . He is also a columnist , having written many articles about the sanity of relegalizing cannabis for adult use for local and national publications . This meeting is free and open to the public . All volunteers who would like to work on the Legalize2012.com Campaign are encouraged to attend . Legalize2012 Kickoff Event The Politics of Cannabis Relegalization , with Paul Danish Location : Best Western Boulder Inn 770 28th Street , Boulder , CO On the 28th Street Frontage Road near Baseline Time : 6:30 pm to 9:00 pm FREE and open to the public .
More from our Marijuana archive : `` Medical marijuana fees : AIDS sufferer ca n't afford license despite new indigent patient rule . ''
The M-497 Black Beetle , a US-built jet train , in action . General Electric , Youtube During the 20th century , dramatic visions of what human life would soon be like through technological advances were extremely popular .
People imagined that cheap space travel , permanent colonies on the moon and hovercars would be available for their children and grandchildren .
It did n't quite work out that way , but some of the futuristic technology that actually did get built has since been abandoned .
Specifically , jet trains .
First of all came the French jet train model , the Aerotrain , which was tested in early 1966 .
Here 's what it looked like in action :
Diagonal View , Youtube
Unlike models in the US and Russia , it was n't a passenger train , but the designers did later develop one with 80 passenger seats .
The more advanced models looked like this :
Exsonvaldes , Youtube
Lead engineer Jean Berlin died in 1975 and the French project was abandoned two years later .
Just a few months after the initial Aerotrain test , in July 1966 , the US M-497 Black Beetle made its first test run— it was a much larger vehicle .
Two General Electric engines designed for US fighter jets were mounted to the top of an existing railway car by engineer Don Wetzel and tested successfully . Just a few years later Wetzel made a more permanent mark on the modern world as the inventor of the automated teller machine ( ATM ) .
The M-497 still holds the US light-rail land speed record in the United States ( 183 miles per hour ) , nearly 50 years after its inception :
General Electric , Youtube
Of course , as with any technological development in the mid-late 20th century , if the United States had one , the Russian government wanted one too .
The SVL , or `` high speed laboratory car , '' was constructed in the USSR in 1970 .
Like the US model , a passenger train had engines from a Russian jet , the Yakovlev Yak-40 , simply attached to the top . The SVL was a little slower than the M-947 , reaching 160 miles per hour .
Stepanov-ka , Youtube
People stopped building jet trains after the 1970s — some countries started going for high-speed rail and some seemed to simply have lost interest , perhaps realising that attaching the engines of an incredibly expensive plane to the top of existing trains was not a viable long-term transport solution .
But all the same , we 're glad they tried .
Although one out of six people on the island of Lesbos is a migrant or a refugee , they 've disappeared from sight . They could be seen everywhere up until two weeks ago . But everything changed on March 20 with the implementation of the EU-Turkey deal , which led to their deportation onto the mainland . Newcomers - barely having left their boats - are now being transported directly by police buses to the Moria detention center .
No one knows what 's going on
But there are still migrants that can more or less move freely . A camp has emerged half a kilometer ( 0.3 miles ) above the harbor of Mytilene since last November . Some 250 people - mainly young men from Pakistan - live here in tents . Aid organizations provide them with the bare necessities . Activist group `` No Border Kitchen '' runs - it emphasizes - a vegan kitchen .
Until now , police and officials have left these migrants alone , but it 's evident that the people in this camp are skeptical . So great is their fear of being arrested and taken to Moria that they do n't go past the harbor fence , which lies a short distance from the camp .
Their fears have been rekindled with news of plans by the city 's mayor to clear the camp . Good weather is to blame , with temperatures of 24C ( 75 F ) attracting more people to the sea to swim . And the migrants ' tents , which overlap with the communal swimming spot Tsamakia , are an eyesore .
People at the refugee camp in Tsamakia on the island of Lesbos try to obtain information about the situation with their cell phones
Last week , two volunteers and a lawyer met with the mayor , who agreed to a deal under which no police would appear at the camp until Wednesday , when it must be cleared . And after that ? According to the mayor 's spokesperson , buses will transport the migrants from the camp to the open refugee camp of Kara Tepe , which the municipality runs . Of course , these migrants must register with the island of Lesbos , which means traveling to the Moria camp , which is , in contrast , a detention center .
The mayor 's office could n't say whether that would mean immediate detention or deportation to the mainland : the migration and asylum agencies are n't subordinate to the municipality .
Fear and suicidal thoughts
Joe Acrosan shrugs his shoulders . He does n't know what will happen to the migrants in Tsamakia after Wednesday .
`` That 's the fate of the refugee , '' he told DW almost without emotion .
Acrosan teaches English and Spanish in Seattle and has been volunteering with refugees in Lesbos for the past six weeks . He was also one of the people who met with the mayor of Mytilene .
Everyone in the camp was informed about the meeting . Since then , a sense of helplessness has spread among the migrants and refugees there .
`` What are we supposed to do other than be afraid , '' Ahmed tells DW in Greek .
He worked in Greece for seven years with a pension plan . In 2014 , he returned to Pakistan , married and had a daughter . But the situation became dangerous for him , so he returned to Greece .
Athens was his goal , but now he ca n't reach it . Agencies have banned travel agencies from selling tickets to migrants or refugees . Ahmed did arrive in Greece before March 20 , but he did n't register at Moria until after that date .
Only because he can speak Greek was he able to leave shortly before reaching the gates of the camp , leaving with only those possessions he was already carrying . Now he lives in fear of deportation to Turkey .
Fear appears to be the main feeling in Tsamakia . News from Moria only contributes to it . Friends report difficulties with filing for asylum . According to them , Pakistanis must reside in a specific part of the camp and , since Monday , another 100 of them have been brought in to be taken to Turkey .
On Sunday evening , a young man from Pakistan awaiting deportation reportedly cut his wrists . He was taken to the hospital . The barely 20-year-old Rehan says he 'd rather die that return to Turkey . Originally from Lahore , Pakistan , he arrived in Lesbos on March 31 . Rehan did n't register out of fear of deportation . His family sold almost everything for him to make it this far . He paid most of the $ 6,000 ( 5,280 euros ) to traffickers who reassured him repeatedly that they would take him to Germany . Had he known about the closed borders , he would n't have set off in the first place .
On Tuesday morning , police reported that 187 migrants had come to Lesbos within the last 24 hours . They were taken directly to Moria detention center .
Ferhan , a student , tells a similar story . He concludes , almost incidentally , that people will either be allowed to remain in Europe , or they will kill themselves . Many of those standing around repeat these very words .
An April 2013 item purported to reproduce a speech given by Russian president Vladimir Putin to the State Duma ( the lower house of Russia 's Federal Assembly ) in which he demanded that minorities living in Russia ( particularly Muslims ) speak Russian and conform to Russian culture and laws and urged the Russian legislature to “ have in mind the Russian national interest first ” in order to avoid Muslims ' “ taking over Russia. ” At the conclusion of this speech he reportedly received a “ five-minute standing ovation ” from the gathered members of the assembly :
On February 04 , 2013 , Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , addressed the Duma , ( Russian Parliament ) , and gave a speech about the tensions with minorities in Russia : “ In Russia live Russians . Any minority , from anywhere , if it wants to live in Russia , to work and eat in Russia , should speak Russian , and should respect the Russian laws . If they prefer Sharia Law , and live the life of Muslims then we advise them to go to those places where that 's the state law . Russia does not need Muslim minorities . Minorities need Russia , and we will not grant them special privileges , or try to change our laws to fit their desires , no matter how loud they yell ‘ discrimination ' . We will not tolerate disrespect of our Russian culture . We had better learn from the suicides of America , England , Holland and France , if we are to survive as a nation . The Muslims are taking over those countries and they will not take over Russia . The Russian customs and traditions are not compatible with the lack of culture or the primitive ways of Sharia Law and Muslims . When this honorable legislative body thinks of creating new laws , it should have in mind the Russian national interest first , observing that the Muslim minorities are not Russians . The politicians in the Duma gave Putin a five minute standing ovation .
No evidence exists documenting that President Putin gave any such speech , however . The Speeches and Transcripts section of the official Russian presidential web site recorded no Putin speech of that nature on 4 February 2013 ( or any other date up to April 2013 , when this item first appeared ) , nor did a record or mention of anything like this speech appear elsewhere on that site or in any news accounts ( Russian or foreign ) published since then .
Moreover , this item is highly reminiscent ( and appears to be a variant form of ) an opinion piece originally written by an U.S. Air Force veteran shortly after the 9/11 attacks in 2001 , versions of which have falsely been attributed to various world leaders ( primarily the prime ministers of Australia and the UK ) in the intervening years .
President Putin did , during his introductory remarks to a meeting of the Board of the Federal Migration Service in January 2012 , speak words somewhat similar to the sentiments expressed in the item reproduced above , but with much more moderated language and a much less inflammatory tone :
Juan Carlos Ropel , June 8 , 2017
On June 3 , SpaceX 's Falcon 9 rocket was placed into low-orbit for the sake of launching its Dragon spacecraft into their eleventh Commercial Resupply Services mission ( CRS-11 ) to the International Space Station .
According to SpaceX 's website , the little orbital ship was filled with almost 6,000 pounds of supplies and payload , including critical materials for directly supporting dozens of the more than 250 science and research investigations being developed inside the ISS .
The process was livestreamed by NASA and SpaceX , and science enthusiasts around the world got to see in stunning 4K UHD how the Dragon was “ captured ” with the station 's 57.7 foot robotic arm , successfully completing the second part of the mission .
Following the fantastic display of near genius-level accuracy , the first stage of Falcon 9 successfully landed at SpaceX 's Landing Zone 1 ( LZ-1 ) at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Florida , to be used once again on future missions .
Today , SpaceX shared on their Youtube channel the remarkable 4K UHD footage of the landing , and since many of us are not used to watching this kind of footage except for Sci-Fi movies or video games , the landing seems almost Hollywood-level surreal , especially since it happens so quickly and accurately . You can watch the video at 4k and 60 fps here if you happen to own a 4K TV or UHD PC monitors with the right hardware specs :
SpaceX made history on 2012 when they became the first commercial company to ever visit the International Space Station , when the Falcon 9 delivered the Dragon into the correct orbit for rendezvous with the ISS . Since then SpaceX has made multiple flights to the huge orbital scientific exploration platform , both delivering and returning cargo for NASA .
The footage above is n't SpaceX 's first 4K video of one of its launches . The company has also previously released other videos of even more impressive landings directly onto the surfaces of drone ships .
Also , If you are by any chance looking to send something or someone out of space , Elon Musk 's company offers reasonable prices for their launching services , starting at $ 62 million for its Falcon 9 and $ 90 m. for the Falcon Heavy . We 're also hoping to see more live or at least canned 4K ultra HD video of future launches and , more breathtaking still , views of our multicolored , delicate Earth from the void above us . NASA itself is participating in making this last part a frequent thing by streaming their own 4K UHD channel in partnership with Harmonic .
Story by 4k.com
No one doubts that Congress may repeal old laws through new legislation . But there is a difference between passing a law that overrides a previous one and tinkering with the structure of the Constitution itself . The extraordinary powers granted to Mr. Chertoff may test the limits of how much of its own authority Congress can cede to another branch of the government .
Mr. Chertoff explained the reasoning behind the law in a news release last week . “ Criminal activity at the border , ” he said , “ does not stop for endless debate or protracted litigation . ”
Mr. Chertoff has issued three similar waivers , and a challenge to the constitutionality of one of them has just reached the United States Supreme Court . If the court decides to hear the case , its decision will almost certainly apply to last week 's waivers as well .
The case was brought by two environmental groups , Defenders of Wildlife and the Sierra Club . They sued Mr. Chertoff last year over his decision to suspend 19 laws that might have interfered with the construction of a border fence in the San Pedro Riparian National Conservation Area in Arizona .
Congress , the groups said , had given Mr. Chertoff too much power .
“ It is only happenchance that the secretary 's waiver in this case involved laws protecting the environment and historic resources , ” the groups told Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle of Federal District Court in Washington . “ He could equally have waived the requirements of the Fair Labor Relations Act to halt a strike , or the provisions of the Occupational Safety and Health Act in order to force workers to endure unsafe working conditions . ”
Photo
( Happenchance ? You do n't see that word every day , and certainly not in a court filing . )
The groups said Congress can not hand over unbridled power to the executive branch even as it cuts the courts out of the picture . They relied mostly on a 1998 Supreme Court decision striking down the Line Item Veto Act , which had allowed the president to cancel parts of laws .
In December , Judge Huvelle rejected the challenge and allowed construction to proceed . She said she had no jurisdiction to decide whether Mr. Chertoff was correct in saying the waivers were necessary , and she ruled that the delegation of power to him was constitutional .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ The court concludes that it lacks the power to invalidate the waiver provision merely because of the unlimited number of statutes that could potentially be encompassed , ” Judge Huvelle wrote .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A petition asking the Supreme Court to hear the case was filed three months later .
Did you notice the missing step ? In addition to forbidding judges from second-guessing Mr. Chertoff 's decisions , Congress forbade federal appeals courts from becoming involved at all . After losing before Judge Huvelle , the groups ' only recourse is to hope the Supreme Court decides to hear their appeal .
In their petition , the environmental groups said the Supreme Court had never upheld a broad delegation of power like that given to Mr. Chertoff without the possibility of judicial review of executive branch determinations . Nor , they said , has any appeals court .
It is the combination of those two factors — the broad granting of power to the executive branch and cutting the judicial branch out of the process — that makes the 2005 law so pernicious , the groups say .
The government 's response is due next week . In a brief filed in the district court last year , Justice Department lawyers told Judge Huvelle that the urgency of border security must trump other interests . They added that Congress may delegate particularly broad powers in the areas of national security , foreign affairs and immigration because the Constitution gives the executive branch great authority in those areas .
The line-item veto decision does not apply , the government lawyers said , because Mr. Chertoff is not repealing laws for all purposes , just suspending them for his fences .
It is true , of course , that Congress gave up its powers here voluntarily . But Justice Anthony M. Kennedy had a response to that point in his concurrence in the line-item-veto case .
“ It is no answer , of course , to say that Congress surrendered its authority by its own hand , ” he wrote . “ Abdication of responsibility is not part of the constitutional design . ”
Justice Kennedy made a broader point , too , one perhaps more apt today than it was 10 years ago .
“ Separation of powers was designed to implement a fundamental insight , ” he wrote . “ Concentration of power in the hands of a single branch is a threat to liberty . ”
Documentary showing how the long-playing album changed popular music for ever between the mid-1960s and the late 1970s by allowing artists to express themselves as never before .
Between the mid-1960s and the late 1970s , the long-playing record and the albums that graced its grooves changed popular music for ever . For the first time , musicians could escape the confines of the three-minute pop single and express themselves as never before across the expanded artistic canvas of the album . The LP allowed popular music become an art form - from the glorious artwork adorning gatefold sleeves , to the ideas and concepts that bound the songs together , to the unforgettable music itself .
Built on stratospheric sales of albums , these were the years when the music industry exploded to become bigger than Hollywood . From pop to rock , from country to soul , from jazz to punk , all music embraced what 'the album ' could offer . But with the collapse of vinyl sales at the end of the 70s and the arrival of new technologies and formats , the golden era of the album could n't last forever .
With contributions from Roger Taylor , Ray Manzarek , Noel Gallagher , Guy Garvey , Nile Rodgers , Grace Slick , Mike Oldfield , Slash and a host of others , this is the story of When Albums Ruled the World .
Hello Transition Community !
I 'd like to introduce myself and this new blog . I 'm Julia ( also referred to as “ Jul ” ) Bystrova . I live in Sebastopol CA and have been active with a Transition Initiative here for over 3 years . I have mostly been involved with various projects and events in the Heart and Soul working group ; but have also been active in creating a Heallhcare group ; and now the beginnings of an economics project . I also serve on the main council and have been a part of the process of crafting our overall organizing structure . My personal and academic background has been in the healing arts ; and the study of natural philosophy , science and spirituality . In future posts , I will be offering you more specifics about my background as well as some of the projects and events I have been involved with ; but for now I would like to say a little about my sense of the transition mission from a heart and soul or “ inner transition ” point of view .
Being on the ground of Transition , hands-on and sleeves rolled up , has been a lot of work but it 's also been fun and an ongoing education in how to serve the community needs while introducing transition values . My intention here will be to share some of our common challenges of the multi-leveled issues we are facing and some ways we can respond to them effectively and heartfully . I would like to dive deep into the core of issues , looking at such things as how we relate with power and structure ; how we resolve conflict and ways we are shifting our perspective in order to accommodate a new , living and sustainable social matrix .
Many of us are feeling overwhelmed and disoriented as we confront the major challenges around us , in addition to what may be going on in our personal life . We are trying to get our footing and are looking for direction . But for those of us crossing this threshold of change—each ‘ foot ' is in a different world ; one in the world where the reigning structures are crumbling , toxic or inadequate ; and the other foot in the world where the new is being born , much like tender green shoots of grass coming up through the broken concrete of the old . And the direction we are needing to listen to comes from our own hearts and the hearts of our community .
I am an optimist and you will find that angle here in this blog . But I am a hand on , results-driven , pragmatic optimist . I believe that what we focus on we amplify . But I am not talking about painting spiritual pink paint over the dire conditions of the world . We need to look at what is happening head on ; and then alter our course towards what we want . If we only focus at what is head on , we will crash right into it ! I see many good things happening and try to celebrate and be grateful for those . Call me a romantic , but I believe that love and beauty are more powerful than fear and hate . But each of us decides which to give power to within ourselves .
And speaking of power : never underestimate the simple but profound change that can happen when good people get together to do something loving and worthwhile . And no matter how small you think your contribution is , you do make a difference .
This is not a time for preaching to choirs ; pushing platitudes or sitting in the ivory tower speculating apart from what is going on . We need real solutions for real people in real time . We do need vision ; insight and perspective because real time solutions do n't happen when people are n't inspired or have something to hope for .
To find these solutions , let 's follow the heartbeats on the frontlines and see how we are crafting together a new vision ; a new story that inspires us to make changes—one that holds the beacon for the world that we are transitioning to .
Thanks for tuning in ! I look forward to getting to know some of you and to sharing some articles ; links and stories on the frontlines of this growing movement . I invite your comments and insights .
heartfully ;
Julia
Sulli�is expected to break her idol image with a shocking transformation in the upcoming film 'Real ' .
Previously , it was revealed that Sulli and Kim Soo Hyun are filming a bed scene for the new movie . More details on the scene were revealed by an insider on November 2 as the insider stated , `` Sulli tried a bed scene for the first time , and she ended up exposing her bust . Usually , actresses are very cautious and overwhelmed in scenes of exposure and use a body double , but Sulli captured attention as she tried out the scenes herself . ''
The insider continued , `` She did use a body double in full body exposure and other provocative scenes , but she handled quite a lot of scenes herself , which greatly surprised the producers . Exposing her top was already a challenge for her , and we 're just thankful that she portrayed the scene with amazing acting . ''
'Real ' starring Kim Soo Hyun , Sulli , Sung Dong Il , Lee Kyung Young , Lee Sung Min , and more is hitting theaters early next year.�
4:01pm : The Rockies and Blue Jays are still discussing Guthrie , Renck reports ( Twitter links ) . There 's a potential fit , but the Rockies would like someone other than McDade . As many as four clubs are interested , Renck reports .
MONDAY , 7:57am : The Rockies are looking to move Guthrie 's salary for one prospect , Troy Renck of the Denver Post reports ( on Twitter ) . Renck confirms that the Rockies and Blue Jays have discussed a possible deal .
SUNDAY : The Rockies are ready to part ways with Jeremy Guthrie and have informed the rest of the league that the right-hander is available immediately , tweets Buster Olney of ESPN.com . Count the Blue Jays as one of Guthrie 's potential suitors as Toronto has contacted Colorado to discuss the framework of a possible deal , report Ken Rosenthal and Jon Paul Morosi of FOX Sports . One trade scenario would have the Jays assuming a major portion of Guthrie 's contract as the Rockies would receive only a lower-tier prospect such as Double-A first baseman Mike McDade .
The former Orioles ace has struggled both on and off the mound since arriving in Colorado during the offseason . Known for his propensity to ride his bicycle to the ballpark , Guthrie landed on the disabled list in April when the chain on his bike popped , causing him to fall on his pitching shoulder . After pitching to a 4.12 ERA in five seasons with the O 's , Guthrie has been prone to the home run in Denver as he 's posted a 6.91 ERA with 4.5 K/9 and 3.4 BB/9 in 10 starts .
Johnny steps back from his desk and cracks open a cold one while discussing his choice for game of the year . Check it out !
While my cohorts took it upon themselves to write out what they thought their favorite games of 2014 were , I 've opted for a route you may find easier to digest…or ignore .
Will we see eye to eye for once , or is my suggestion for the best game of the last 365 days so wrong that you took personal offense ? There 's only one way to find out ( no , not skipping through the video ) , so set it to full screen , press play , and figure out for yourselves whether my top game of the year makes the cut or not !
I 'm contractually obligated to say thanks for tuning in , so thanks…for tuning in . Disagree with my top pick or have personal beef with me ? Let me know in the comments !
[ end credits ]
Waste Heat to Electricity : New Material Promising May 19 , 2014
Christian Science Monitor :
Researchers looking for better ways to convert waste heat into electricity have stumbled across a simple material that is smashing records for making that conversion efficiently . This new material – a semiconductor made by blending tin and selenium – promises to convert heat to energy more efficiently than current technologies and with relatively accessible , inexpensive elements . More than 90 percent of the energy produced to generate electricity , propel vehicles , or dry bricks requires a heat source , researchers say . Yet only 30 to 40 percent of the heat produced actually does the work . Most of the heat is wasted .
In principle , much of that heat could be recovered , using thermoelectric generators made from materials capable of turning a difference in temperature into electricity . Indeed , the “ holy grail ” in this field is to find materials that can act as efficient thermoelectric generators from room temperature up to perhaps 1,000 degrees F. or more – a span that would significantly broaden the range of sources from which they could draw heat . Such a development could have as big an impact on energy use as another “ holy grail ” – the quest for materials that conduct electricity with no resistance at room temperatures , says Mercouri Kanatzidis , a solid-state chemist at Northwestern University in Evanston , Ill. , and a lead member of the research team that is reporting the results in the current issue of the journal Nature . The nine-member team also included scientists from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . In its simplest form , a thermoelectric generator consists of two slabs of semiconductors with different electrical properties and joined at one end by a heated plate that can conduct electricity . At the other end , which must be kept colder , the semiconductor slabs are not connected . The temperature difference between the hot and cold ends of the semiconductors allows voltage to build up at the unconnected ends . In effect , the unconnected ends act like the terminals of a battery . As long as the temperature difference is maintained , the generator continues to produce the voltage needed to allow current to flow through whatever is connected to the terminals . The challenge : These semiconductors must be inefficient conductors of heat , to maintain the temperature difference , while at the same time being efficient electrical conductors . Typically , the less heat a semiconductor can conduct , the less efficient it is at conducting electricity , researchers say . The tin selenide semiconductor must reach temperatures of just over 1,660 degrees F. in order to achieve its maximum efficiency . Even so , it can be used immediately , Dr. Kanatzidis says .
Northwestern University :
EVANSTON , Ill. — One strategy for addressing the world 's energy crisis is to stop wasting so much energy when producing and using it , which can happen in coal-fired power plants or transportation . Nearly two-thirds of energy input is lost as waste heat . Now Northwestern University scientists have discovered a surprising material that is the best in the world at converting waste heat to useful electricity . This outstanding property could be exploited in solid-state thermoelectric devices in a variety of industries , with potentially enormous energy savings . An interdisciplinary team led by inorganic chemist Mercouri G. Kanatzidis found the crystal form of the chemical compound tin selenide conducts heat so poorly through its lattice structure that it is the most efficient thermoelectric material known . Unlike most thermoelectric materials , tin selenide has a simple structure , much like that of an accordion , which provides the key to its exceptional properties . The efficiency of waste heat conversion in thermoelectrics is reflected by its figure of merit , called ZT . Tin selenide exhibits a ZT of 2.6 , the highest reported to date at around 650 degrees Celsius . The material 's extremely low thermal conductivity boosts the ZT to this high level , while still retaining good electrical conductivity . The ZT metric represents a ratio of electrical conductivity and thermoelectric power in the numerator ( which needs to be high ) and thermal conductivity in the denominator ( which needs to be low ) . Potential areas of application for the high-temperature thermoelectric material include the automobile industry ( a significant amount of gasoline 's potential energy goes out of a vehicle 's tailpipe ) , heavy manufacturing industries ( such as glass and brick making , refineries , coal- and gas-fired power plants ) and places where large combustion engines operate continuously ( such as in large ships and tankers ) . “ A good thermoelectric material is a business proposition — as much commercial as it is scientific , ” said Vinayak P. Dravid , a senior researcher on the team . “ You do n't have to convert much of the world 's wasted energy into useful energy to make a material very exciting . We need a portfolio of solutions to the energy problem , and thermoelectric materials can play an important role. ” Dravid is the Abraham Harris Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at the McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science . Details of tin selenide , probably among the world 's least thermally conductive crystalline materials , are published today ( April 17 ) by the journal Nature . – See more at : http : //www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/stories/2014/04/surprising-material-could-play-role-in-saving-energy.html # sthash.0sbPDHHH.dpuf
Advertisements
' I see Tully being Bernie Madoff 's cellmate in jail '
Rick Moranis shot exclusively for Empire by Austin Hargrave
Like Lord Lucan , George Kaplan and The Scarlet Pimpernel , Rick Moranis is a very elusive human being , making interviews with the comedy hero as rare as ghosts ' teeth . It 's happy news , then , that Mr. Moranis welcomed Empire into his home for an extensive feature - which you can read in the latest issue - in which he touched on Ghostbusters * * 3 * * .
`` I have n't talked to Danny ( Aykroyd ) about it , '' he says . `` Somebody he 's associated with called me and I said , ' I would n't do it , but it 's got to be good . ' You know , I 'm not interested in doing anything I 've already done , and I thought the second one was a disappointment . ''
`` But I guess I 'm interested in where that guy is now . I sort of see him as being Bernie Madoff 's cellmate in jail . Both of them being so orderly that they race to get up and make their beds . ''
To not have Rick Moranis ' Louis Tully - lawyer , accountant , reserve Ghostbuster , quintessential nerd - in the so-often mooted threequel would be as great a shame as it would be to lose Bill Murray 's Peter Venkman . But with Aykroyd now talking about a Murray-less version of the script , perhaps he 'd be willing to do without Mr. Moranis as well .
Of course , The Man Who Would Be Louis Tully ( Again , Possibly ) has been off our screens ( more or less ) for two decades now , filling his days with his kids , voiceover work and music . His latest album , My Mother 's Brisket & Other Love Songs , is out now , and you can buy it here . The new issue of Empire - the one with the elves on the front - is out on Thursday , June 27 .
A mandatory online course at the University of Southern California ( USC ) asks students to disclose the number of sexual encounters they have had over the past three months and teaches students to ask for consent by saying “ how far would you be comfortable going ? ” and “ would you like to try this with me ? ”
In an email obtained by Campus Reform , students were told they must complete the Title IX training in order to register for courses in the spring .
“ This course is mandatory , and you must complete it by February 9 , 2016 . If you do not complete the training by this date you will receive a registration hold until the training is complete , ” the email stated .
Many universities require students to complete a course on Title IX , but some students at USC are worried the online course they are required to take is too intrusive .
“ It was just full of super personal questions , ” Jacob Ellenhorn , a student at USC , told Campus Reform .
Despite some students being uncomfortable with the content of the course , the campus-wide email assured students they would “ enjoy the assignment . ”
“ We believe you 'll enjoy the assignment , and that this training is in line with our shared belief that Trojans care for Trojans . It is an innovative , engaging , and informative online course , created with students for students , ” the email stated .
The course begins with a detailed questionnaire that asks students to reveal how often they are having sex and using drugs or alcohol . The survey also asks students to specify the number of sexual partners they have had in the past three months .
After revealing both the number of times they have had sex and with how many different people , students are then asked to state whether or not they used a condom .
“ If you had sex ( including oral ) in the last 3 months , how many times had you used a condom ? ” the survey asks .
The questionnaire also asks students to discuss their drinking habits and encourages students to avoid “ pre-gaming ” and “ blacking out . ”
After completing the questionnaire , students were then walked through a two-hour interactive lesson on sexual assault , consent , and substance abuse . In one case , students were told that a sexual partner who has had too much to drink can not give consent . However , in a different scenario , the course shows a video of a man and a woman who are both drunk and engaging in sexual activity . The video , according to Ellenhorn , blames the man for sexually assaulting the woman .
“ It kept on saying that drunk people can not give consent . In one scenario both the man and the woman were drunk but the video still blames the male for the assault . I found that a little confusing , ” Ellenhorn said .
Another portion of the course teaches students “ how to ask for consent ” and lists possible verbal and physical indicators their sexual partners may provide . Students are told to look for physical signs such as “ crossing arms ” or “ lack of eye contact ” as an indication a partner does not want to have sex . Only verbal signs , however , indicate a partner does want to have sex .
In a subsequent portion of the course , students are encouraged to “ challenge gender stereotypes ” and question the validity of “ traditional thinking . ”
“ When someone 's appearance or behavior do not ‘ line up ' with traditional thinking , how does traditional thinking ‘ line up ' with everyone being born free and equal , ” the course states , suggesting “ traditional thinking ” does not endorse ideas of freedom and equality .
The course also touches on the topic of sexual assault and offers tips to students who have been accused of sexual assault . The first tip suggests students admit they may have “ crossed a boundary ” even if they do n't remember the event .
The Department of Education 's handling of sexual assault cases was called into question recently when Senator James Lankford sent a letter to Secretary of Education John King criticizing the department for abusing its power . In his letter , Lankford challenges the low legal standards of the department in cases of sexual assault .
In 2011 , colleges were ordered to judge all sexual assault cases using the “ preponderance of the evidence standard , ” which is a lower burden of proof than many were using before , according to The Daily Caller . As a result , innocent students are allegedly being forced off campus without due process and favor evidently falls mostly on the side of the defendant , as the mandatory course at ( OSU ) suggests .
The course was created by an organization called Campus Clarity , which produces interactive online training on Title IX for nearly 200 other schools , according to their website
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ AGockowski
You May Also Like These Photo Galleries
Photos : Amazon 's original headquarters ( i.e . the infamous garage ) is selling for $ 1.5m
Hot Cakes cooks up new vegan & gluten free chocolate chip cookies
Photos : Portland 's newest hotel breathes new life into historic Rose City buildings
Snowmageddon 2019 : The Cal Anderson Scene Report
Artist of the Week : Mary Coss
Valentine 's Day date ideas that put dinner and a movie to shame
Review : Do n't worry parents , 'The Lego Movie 2 ' has something interesting for you too
You 're invited to the nation 's biggest pet snuggling party
Let 's Go Places : The slopes are calling
Photos : The original Seattle 's Best Coffee is on Vashon Island
Photos : Tour Hall of Famer Edgar Martinez 's $ 9.78 million Bellevue penthouse
Seattle 's Metropolitan Police Museum offers a ride to yesteryear [ in vintage cop cars ]
by Ridge Mahoney @ ridgemax , Feb 26 , 2013
By Ridge Mahoney
A season of regular-season thrills and playoff disappointment leaves the Quakes in a strange position heading into 2013 .
The league 's best team over 34 games is n't regarded as any better than any other challenger to the Galaxy . Are the Quakes ' late-game heroics regarded as too fluky ? Did the home playoff loss to the Galaxy irreparably scar their Supporters ' Shield as the best regular-season team ? Does the failure of Chris Wondolowski to score for the national taint his record-tying season of 27 goals ? Is playing on a converted college baseball field too tacky to forgive ?
An astonishing mark of 22 goals scored after the 75th minute , including 10 in stoppage time , confirmed the determination and resilience of the team assembled by head coach Frank Yallop and general manager John Doyle . They rescued four wins and six ties after conceding the first goal in 16 games , and were 3-3-4 after trailing at halftime . Both marks were league bests .
Most of the components , which complement each other snugly , are back . Bash Brothers Alan Gordon and Steven Lenhart , who scored a combined 23 goals , pound the opposition while wide mids Marvin Chavez ( his 13 assists tied for third-best in MLS ) and Shea Salinas stretch it out of shape . Central mids Rafael Baca and Sam Cronin plug the middle and slip balls into good spots , and occasionally right back Steven Beitashour will get up the flank to hit a dangerous cross .
Unlike the 2010 Quakes that reached the conference finals , they utilize the big men and hit long balls but are n't dependent on them . Bernardez , Chavez , Baca , and Wondo give the team good feet in many parts of the field and on their day they can zip the ball around . Fans need only endure one more season of cramped concession stands and Port-A-Potties at funky Buck Shaw Stadium . More than 6,000 fans showed up in October for a ceremonial ground-breaking on the site of a new stadium near San Jose Intnernational Airport , and construction officially begins this week on a facility that will seat about 18,000 and cost approximately $ 60 million .
KEY PLAYER MOVES . Of the six offseason signings , five are defenders . Dan Gargan , Ty Harden and Bryan Jordan were all picked up in the Re-Entry Draft and bring a total of 253 MLS games onto the Quakes ' roster . Nana Attakora , who left the club to play in Finland after six appearances at the end of the 2011 season , came back last week . Former Timber forward Mike Fucito arrived in a trade and scored against his ex-team in a preseason game at JELD-WEN Field .
The team finally gave up on Ike Opara ; the no . 3 pick in the 2010 SuperDraft struggled to sharpen his game after suffering a broken foot as a rookie , and was traded to Sporting Kansas City . San Jose declined the option on Khari Stephenson , whose robust midfield play brought yet another physical element to the attack . Otherwise , the cast is back .
WHY BE OPTIMISTIC ? The Quakes lost only once at home and were by far the best team on the road with a 9-5-3 record . Wondolowski was named MVP , and he , Justin Morrow and Steven Beitashour were named to the MLS All-Star Team . Defender Victor Bernardez was a finalist for both Defender of the Year and Newcomer of the Year , and along with Wondo was named to the Best XI . There are good players at every position .
WHY BE PESSIMISTIC ? Teams need to come back because they fall behind , and they fall behind because they consistently concede goals . Whether by lack of concentration or porous positioning , San Jose struggled to contain teams and with those deficits set the stage for late-game heroics . Chavez and Bernardez will be busy , and perhaps burned out , by playing for Honduras .
WHY WATCH THIS TEAM ? The Quakes won the league scoring title by a mile ; their 72 goals were 13 more than the No . 2 Galaxy . Wondolowski is a scoring marvel – 61 goals in the last three seasons -- yet his prowess is a study in movement and anticipation rather than brawn or speed . Gordon and Lenhart supply the power , Salinas and Chavez bring the pace . Bernardez is the type of tough , skilled defender one expects to see on European or South American teams .
MLS PREVIEW SERIES :
Eastern Conference : Columbus | D.C. United | Houston | Montreal | New England | New York | Philadelphia | Toronto FC
Western Conference : Chivas USA | Colorado | FC Dallas | Portland | Real Salt Lake | Seattle | Vancouver
On Sunday night , a gunman in Vegas opened fire on a country music festival in Las Vegas , killing at least 58 people and injuring more than 515 others . In response , President Donald Trump addressed the nation saying , `` In times such as these I know we are searching for some kind of meaning in the chaos , some kind of light in the darkness . The answers do not come easy . But we can take solace knowing that even the darkest space can be brightened by a single light , and even the most terrible despair can be illuminated by a single ray of hope . ''
The statement was kind of poetic from a monosyllabic guy who is usually the exact opposite . I 'd never question Trump 's ability to empathize , even after his harsh Puerto Rico comments . But his message was off . We do n't need poems right now ; we need action .
Advertisement :
Paul Ryan also released a tweet that was just as , if not more , ineffective as the statement from the White House .
“ America woke up to heartbreaking news from Las Vegas . We stand united in our shock , our condolences , & our prayers . ”
America woke up to heartbreaking news from Las Vegas . We stand united in our shock , our condolences , & our prayers . https : //t.co/dKqjJqPIpu pic.twitter.com/B67cklsBkS — Paul Ryan ( @ SpeakerRyan ) October 2 , 2017
Poetic statements , tweets and prayers are not going to solve any problems . There are too many people on Capitol Hill and around the White House too scared to take a firm stance against senseless gun violence , introduce policy or do anything more than run their mouths . When will they wake up ? When will they stand up to the biggest impediment to tougher gun laws in this country : The National Rifle Association ?
And exactly where is the NRA anyway ?
For an organization that says it wants guns everywhere , an event like this results in little pushback .
Whenever these mass shootings occur , the gun lobby does n't do anything of substance . There are the empty statements omitting their role in the tragedies and ignoring that the victims died at the hands of that which the NRA loves so much : the guns purchased at the shows they promoted , showcased on their social media and celebrated as a part of their culture .
Advertisement :
But then , the NRA gets defensive when someone talks about tougher gun laws , telling people to not be so hasty , while using the same tired arguments about hunting and protecting their families . To them I ask : What are your families doing that 's so extreme you need guns for protection , especially if you live in the middle of America ? Hunters and recreational shooters do n't need semi-automatic weapons . Gun owners who ignore these horrific events are a part of the problem .
Yes , I do understand that all gun owners are n't participating in mass shootings , but too many are happening . According to the Gun Violence Archive , there have already been over 270 mass shootings in America this year . ( The site defines mass shooting as four or more individuals being shot or killed at the same general time and location . ) It 's way too easy to shoot someone these days .
Here 's where the NRA 's favorite talking point falls short : Even if everyone were armed at the festival , this shooting could not have been prevented , because no one knew where the bullets were coming from .
Trump and Ryan — and every other politician who refuses to challenge the NRA and gun culture in general — will forever have blood on their hands for not trying to stop the NRA .
Advertisement :
They can keep their prayers and well wishes to themselves , because that wo n't bring back any of the people we lost .
17.9k SHARES Facebook Stumbleupon Twitter Pinterest Reddit Google
VIA| Could real estate on American soil owned by China be set up as “ development zones ” in which the communist nation could establish Chinese-owned businesses and bring in its citizens to the U.S. to work ?
That 's part of an evolving proposal Beijing has been developing quietly since 2009 to convert more than $ 1 trillion of U.S debt it owns into equity .
Under the plan , China would own U.S. businesses , U.S. infrastructure and U.S. high-value land , all with a U.S. government guarantee against loss .
Yu Qiao , a professor of economics in the School of Public Policy and Management at Tsighua University in Beijing , proposed in 2009 a plan for the U.S. government to guarantee foreign investments in the United States .
WND has reliable information that the Bank of China , China 's central bank , has continued to advance the plan to convert China 's holdings of U.S. debt into equity owned by China in the U.S .
The Obama administration , under the plan , would grant a financial guarantee as an inducement for China to convert U.S. debt into Chinese direct equity investment . China would take ownership of successful U.S. corporations , potentially profitable infrastructure projects and high-value U.S. real estate .
The plan would be designed to induce China to resume lending to the U.S. on a nearly zero-interest basis .
However , converting Chinese debt to equity investments in the United States could easily add another $ 1 trillion to outstanding Obama administration guarantees issued in the current economic crisis .
As of November 2012 , China owned $ 1.17 trillion in U.S. Treasury securities , according to U.S. Department of Treasury and Federal Reserve Board calculations published Jan. 16 .
Concerned about the unrestrained growth in U.S. debt under the Obama administration , China has reduced by 97 percent its holdings in short-term U.S. Treasury bills . China 's holding of $ 573.7 billion in August 2008 , prior to the massive bank bailouts and stimulus programs triggered by the collapse in the U.S. mortgage market , dwindled to $ 5.96 billion by March 2011 .
Treasury bills are short-term debt that matures in one year or less , sold to finance U.S. debt . Holdings of Treasury bills are included in the $ 1.17 trillion of total Treasury securities owned by China as of November 2012 .
In addition to a national debt in excess of $ 16 trillion , the U.S. government in 2010 faced over $ 70 trillion in unfunded obligations , including Social Security and Medicare benefits scheduled to be paid retiring baby boomer retirees in the coming decades , with unfunded obligations showing no sign of being reduced with Congress at a deadlock over reducing federal government spending .
Yu Qiao observed that if the U.S. dollar collapsed under the weight of proposed Obama administration trillion-dollar budget deficits into the foreseeable future , holders of U.S. debt would face substantial losses that the Financial Times estimated “ would devastate Asians ' hard-earned wealth and terminate economic globalization . ”
“ The basic idea is to turn Asian savings , China 's in particular , into real business interests rather than let them be used to support U.S. over-consumption , ” Yu Qiao wrote , reflecting themes commonly suggested by Chinese government officials . “ While fixed-income securities are vulnerable to any fall in the value of the dollar , equity claims on sound corporations and infrastructure projects are at less risk from a currency default , ” he continued .
The problem is that , in a struggling U.S. economy , China does not want to trade its investment in U.S. Treasury debt securities , with their inherent risk of dollar devaluation , for equally risky investments in U.S. corporations and infrastructure projects .
“ But Asians do not want to bear the risk of this investment because of market turbulence and a lack of knowledge of cultural , legal and regulatory issues in U.S. businesses , ” he stressed . “ However if a guarantee scheme were created , Asian savers could be willing to invest directly in capital-hungry U.S. industries . ”
Yu Qiao 's plan included four components :
1 . China would negotiate with the U.S. government to create a “ crisis relief facility , ” or CRF . The CRF “ would be used alongside U.S. federal efforts to stabilize the banking system and to invest in capital-intensive infrastructure projects such as high-speed railroad from Boston to Washington , D.C .
2 . China would pool a portion of its holdings of Treasury bonds under the CFR umbrella to convert sovereign debt into equity . Any CFR funds that were designated for investment in U.S. corporations would still be owned and managed by U.S. equity holders , with the Asians holding minority equity shares “ that would , like preferred stock , be convertible . ”
3 . The U.S. government would act as a guarantor , “ providing a sovereign guarantee scheme to assure the investment principal of the CRF against possible default of targeted companies or projects ” .
4 . The Federal Reserve would set up a special account to supply the liquidity the CRF would require to swap sovereign debt into industrial investment in the United States .
Up the stairs from grainy black-and-white photos of Olympians and weathered trophies at Vesper Boathouse , Schuylkill Navy rowing company members Paul Laskow , Paul Horvat and Bonnie Mueller stand on a balcony overlooking the Schuylkill River . It 's a perfect December day . The sun 's peeking through Center City , speckling the water in gold . Later on , club members will undoubtedly take advantage of the mild weather for a winter row .
But there 's a problem with the scene , lurking below the surface . Under the balcony and next to the dock , even from 20 feet up , they can see the brown dirt of the river floor . The Schuylkill River is too shallow , and the federal government is years behind on paying for a dredging of the river that would solve the problem , plunging Boathouse Row into an existential crisis .
If nothing changes , it will soon be impossible for rowers to dismount from the famous landmark .
“ We think in about two years , ” said Horvat , “ we 're going to have literally beachfront at our docks . ”
We think in about two years , we 're going to have literally beachfront at our docks . Schuylkill Navy commodore Paul Horvat
The water is about a foot deep outside Vesper , and that 's a little higher than lately because of the recent snow . In 2000 , it was 8 feet deep . Other houses are seeing similar water levels , with some as low as six inches . Shallow water is also becoming issue on the edges of the river all the way up to the Strawberry Mansion Bridge , an issue that could one day affect Philly 's 14 annual regattas .
The shallow depth has already made it impossible for coaching boats to launch with their motors from the docks , and the docks ' planks have begun splitting ; they 're meant to float , not rest on the ground . When levels get lower than about 6 inches , the bottoms of boats could get stuck against the floor .
Unlike the Delaware River , plagued by the water level sinking , the Schuylkill 's problem is the river floor rising . Dirt , sand and other material filters from the upper Schuylkill down toward Center City . So much has filtered down through the years it 's created the “ silt island ” between Boathouse Row and the Art Museum over the last several decades . The process is mostly natural , and Boathouse Row 's location near the dam makes it particularly vulnerable to rising levels of silt .
Lack of funding for a ‘ recreational ' river
Not only are these depths troublesome for rowers , they 're technically a federal violation . Laskow , who 's researched the depth issue since 2014 , noted a 1996 Congressional mandate states the water above the dam in the Schuylkill is required to be kept at six feet or higher .
“ The bad news was the mandate did n't come with any standing appropriation , ” he said .
The lack of funding has led to the crisis afflicting Boathouse Row . Dredging , — a process in which a barge scoops dirt and other debris from the river , causing it to deepen — would cost about $ 4 million . In 1990 and 2000 , the federal government footed the bill . By 2010 , another dredge was necessary , but the federal Army Corps of Engineers , responsible for maintaining the Schuylkill and other area rivers , has n't assigned money for the project .
We keep putting it in the budget and they decide to do something else . Congressman Bob Brady
Congressman Bob Brady helped pay for the last dredging with an earmark . Congressional earmarks were banned in 2010 — in part because of scandals involving former Pennsylvania Congressman John Murtha — leaving Brady with less power to secure funding . He said he has requested money for the project the last few years , but the Corps of Engineers has used up its budget on other projects .
“ We keep putting it in the budget and they decide to do something else , ” Brady said . “ It 's pretty important to dredge this river . ”
Brady cut short his phone call with Billy Penn , saying a lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers was on the other line . He then called back to say , “ I just screamed at him and hollered at him . ”
“ We 've got to address this , ” the congressman continued . “ I 've got people to operate at a cut rate . Just give me an operator . ”
The Schuylkill Navy said other local politicians and leaders have pledged support , such as U.S. Sen. Bob Casey and Congressman Pat Meehan . Laskow said New Jersey political boss George Norcross might even write a letter .
The lobbying still might not be enough . In recent years , the Corps of Engineers has de-emphasized so-called “ recreational ” projects for commercial projects . Its funding consistently goes toward work on the Delaware River by Philadelphia , and the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal . Five times since 2005 , the refinery-dotted the lowest end of the Schuylkill has received funding , but never more than $ 5 million . These projects involve shipping channels and national implications .
“ In the case of something like the Schuylkill , the benefit is surely local , ” said Ed Voigt , chief of public and legislative affairs for the Corps of Engineers . “ It 's not a navigational benefit . So there 's no law against it being funded . It 's just too far down the list . ”
He said it 's “ highly unlikely ” funding would be set aside for dredging the Schuylkill River by Boathouse Row in the near future . With the feds unwilling to pay , state and local government could contribute funding . Laskow said the Schuylkill Navy has been talking with the city about dredging and continued river maintenance . The Mayor 's Office did not respond to a request for comment .
The future of Boathouse Row
Laskow said he believes without a dredge conditions wo n't worsen to the point where the docks are unusable by next year , but 2019 could be another story . This fall , Philadelphia City Rowing , a youth program located on the far end of Boathouse Row nearest the Art Museum , could n't push off boats from its dock until the city came to its aid , extending a dredge used for a parks department project on the “ silt island . ”
“ It 's only going to get worse , ” said John Hogan , a volunteer coach and board member of Philadelphia City Rowing . “ It 's not going to get better . Every time there 's a storm more mud is coming down . ”
Schuylkill Navy members are aware of outsiders perceiving them as one-percenters who might wonder why the clubs ca n't cover the dredging cost . They contend this perception is unfair . Public school students can join Philadelphia City Rowing for free . Mueller said she pays less money for her rowing club membership than her LA Fitness membership .
Private funding for a dredge would also be difficult because of the high costs already associated with the Boathouse Row properties . The boathouses require thousands of dollars in regular maintenance , and many have undergone a million dollar renovations .
As working athletic clubs , they 're funded by members who pay for a product — a place to row .
“ The way this [ silt ] accumulates , ” Horvat said , “ some of these clubs are going to be out of business . ”
Indeed , the longterm threat is n't inconvenience . It 's extinction . Without any dredging , there wo n't be any water . Without any water there wo n't be any rowers . And without any rowers , there wo n't be any Boathouse Row .
An eyewitness contacted The Singular Fortean Society on August 22nd to report the sighting of a large , winged creature flying over South Pulaski Road in Chicago at around 4:55 p.m .
`` I have been hearing about the `` flying moth man '' for a while now but was skeptical about its existence . I just assumed that someone was playing a joke and that the photos that I saw online were photoshopped . Until today .
I was driving down S. Pulaski at around 4:55 p.m. , right before 55th Street . I and saw it soar right over the Shell gas station ! It was really fast and I could n't get a photo because it disappeared before i got to the light .
I guess you can say that I now am a believer as I saw it with my own two eyes . ''
The sighting lasted only a few seconds , and the witness compared the creature to a giant bat .
`` There really is n't much more than that . I only saw it for about 3-4 seconds as it flew by , '' she said .
`` The rational part of me thinks that maybe it can be a giant Japanese bat that accidentally got shipped here through cargo or something like this : ''
`` It honestly looked exactly like it does in the following photo , '' she explained .
UK-based King , the creator of “ Candy Crush Saga , ” has filed for an IPO in the United States . Expected valuation tops $ 5 billion . King is the second most important mobile app company of Europe , trailing only Finland 's Supercell in monthly revenue . This could mean that European tech industry has been able to create two $ 5 billion-plus companies in the same niche — something that has not happened in a while . Europe 's strength used to lie in creating mobile infrastructure and business software companies . Now the continent 's future lies in selling virtual lollipop blasters .
The Supercell-King duo has been recently dominating global mobile app charts , eclipsing American app vendors . Both have two games in the top-10 iPhone and iPad sales charts in most important Western app markets .
The likely trigger for King 's IPO was the better than expected success of its most recent game , “ Pet Rescue Saga. ” This app came under some criticism for being too derivative of “ Candy Crush Saga ” when it recently debuted , but it has turned out to be surprisingly lucrative for a knock-off . “ Pet Rescue Saga ” is a top-10 revenue generating iPhone app in 33 countries at the moment . It has clung to position 6 or 7 in the U.S. iPhone revenue charts in recent weeks ; “ Candy Crush Saga ” remained the top-grossing app in America during September .
King 's weakness has been its inability to penetrate Asian markets effectively . Whereas Supercell 's “ Clash of Clans ” is the No.6 iPhone app in Japan based on revenues , “ Candy Crush Saga ” lingers at No.17 . In China , “ Clash ” is No.3 and “ Candy ” is No.47 . Globally , both apps are monster blockbusters — they have consistently been top-5 grossers in 90-100 countries over the past summer and autumn .
King has chosen its timing well . Japan 's red-hot mobile app market has recently seen the valuation of GungHo soar after its summer slump and Colopl 's market cap is now topping $ 2 billion , purely on app success in its domestic market . The bad aftertaste left by the Zynga disaster has been washed away by the remarkable revenue growth delivered by the world 's three app giants of the moment : Supercell , King and GungHo . All three are now close to $ 100 million monthly revenue run rate . But GungHo is highly dependent on Japanese market , deriving perhaps 80 % of its global revenues from its backyard .
The remarkable longevity of “ Candy Crush Saga ” combined with the solid success of “ Pet Rescue Saga ” has enabled King to prove that it is not a one-trick pony . And the company is wasting no time to capitalize on having back-to-back hits . Supercell is widely expected to choose a riskier strategy and launch a third game over the coming winter instead of rushing to cash in on the success of “ Clash of Clans ” and “ Hay Day . ”
King 's IPO valuation is going to give Supercell 's valuation a kind of floor . If the next Supercell game turns out to be a hit of even “ Pet Rescue Saga ” magnitude , the three consecutive blockbusters would give it a shot at a substantially higher valuation . A flop would make the company seem mortal .
FRANKFURT/WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A group that took credit for leaking NSA cyber spying tools - including ones used in the WannaCry global ransomware attack - has said it plans to sell code that can be used to hack into the world 's most used computers , software and phones .
A hooded man holds laptop computer as cyber code is projected on him in this illustration picture taken on May 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration
Using trademark garbled English , the Shadow Brokers group said in an online statement that , from June , it will begin releasing software to anyone willing to pay for access to some of the tech world 's biggest commercial secrets .
In the blog post , the group said it was setting up a “ monthly data dump ” and that it could offer tools to break into web browsers , network routers , phone handsets , plus newer exploits for Windows 10 and data stolen from central banks .
It said it was set to sell access to previously undisclosed vulnerabilities , known as zero-days , that could be used to attack Microsoft Corp 's ( MSFT.O ) the latest software system , Windows 10 . The post did not identify other products by name .
It also threatened to dump data from banks using the SWIFT international money transfer network and from Russian , Chinese , Iranian or North Korean nuclear and missile programs , without providing further details .
“ More details in June , ” it promised .
Shadow Brokers came to public attention last August when it mounted an unsuccessful attempt to auction off a set of older cyber-spying tools it said were stolen from the U.S. National Security Agency .
The leaks , and the global WannaCry virus attack , have renewed debate over how and when intelligence agencies should disclose vulnerabilities used in cyber spying programs to so that businesses and consumers can better defend themselves against attacks .
“ ShadowBrokers are back ” tweeted Matthieu Suiche , a French hacker and founder of the United Arab Emirates-based cybersecurity firm Comae Technologies , who has studied the Shadow Broker releases and believes the group has access to NSA files .
Hacking tools believed to belong to the NSA that were leaked online last month were built into WannaCry ransomware — also known as WannaCrypt — that swept the globe on Friday .
The attack stoked fears that the spy agency 's powerful cyber weapons could now be turned to criminal use , ratcheting up cybersecurity threats to a whole new level .
The NSA has not commented on Shadow Brokers since the group emerged last year , or the contents of past leaks . It has not responded to repeated requests for comment about the ransomware attack .
A spokeswoman for Microsoft said it was preparing a response . Microsoft has connected previous exploits of its products released by the mysterious Shadow Brokers group to tools which were stolen from NSA cyber warfare operations .
by Alphaville Herald on 15/09/09 at 8:43 pm
Lawsuit seeks injunction against Linden Research to prevent intellectual property rights infringement in Second Life
by Pixeleen Mistral , National Affairs desk
Shannon Grei and Kevin Aldermann 's Eros LLC have filed a complaint in US District Court in Northern California against Linden Reseach alleging `` Linden Lab , with knowing and conscious intent to do so , profits in multiple ways and at multiple stages from the illegal conduct '' and asks for an injunction to halt the activity . Eros LLC markets a line of sex animations for the virtual world of Second Life , and has built a successful business – but the accumulated frustrations with the weak enforcement of intellectual property rights on the part of Linden Lab seem to have reached the breaking point .
When the Herald contacted Stroker Serpentine for comment , Mr. Serpentine ( Kevin Aldermann in real life ) said , `` This is not about financialgain . Seldom do class actions result in substantial class settlements.This is about a pattern of ambivelence over six years . We wantfundamental change in the regard to the very content and creators thatmade SL what it is today . ''
The complaint begins :
`` Plaintiffs Eros , LLC ( “ Eros ” ) and Shannon Grei , d/b/a Nomine ( “ Grei ” ) ( collectively , “ Plaintiffs ” ) , bring this class action complaint against Defendants Linden Research , Inc. and Linden Research International , Inc. ( collectively , “ Linden Lab ” or “ Defendant ” ) , headquartered in San Francisco , California , for its practice of violating the real-world intellectual property rights of proprietors of virtual content within the Second Life virtual world ( “ Second Life ” ) , which Linden Lab owns and operates . ''
The illegal conduct alleged includes
`` directly and secondarily violated the intellectual property rights of Plaintiffs and other Second Life proprietors . Linden Lab directly and secondarily infringes the trademark of Plaintiff Eros by using Eros 's mark to sell infringing virtual goods within Second Life and by providing the tools to other infringing Second Life users . Linden Lab directly and secondarily violates the copyrights of Plaintiff
Grei by reproducing and displaying her copyrighted works within Second Life , and by materially contributing to and supervising the infringing conduct of others within Second Life . ''
We will have much more on this breaking story once we finished reading the complaint – if Stroker is as successful with this legal action as he has been with legal actions in the past , the Lindens may have their hands full .
When Bill Ayers observed that `` every revolution is impossible until it happens , and then , looking backwards , every revolution appears inevitable , '' it is safe to say that he did not have in mind any endeavors of conservative Texas governor Rick Perry . But with his 2011 state of the state address , Perry may have launched a revolution of his own . Perry challenged Texas 's public universities to craft four-year degrees costing no more than $ 10,000 in tuition , fees , and books , and to achieve the necessary cost reductions by teaching students online and awarding degrees based on competency .
The idea met with skepticism . Andy Brown , who was then chairman of the Travis County Democrats , labeled Perry 's `` scheme to serve up $ 10,000 college degrees ... preposterous , '' adding that `` nobody in higher education believes that is even possible . '' Peter Hugill , a Texas A & M professor who at the time was president of the Texas Conference of the American Association of University Professors , posed the rhetorical question : `` Do you really want a stripped-down , bare-bones degree ? '' Hugill went on to declare that `` $ 10,000 seems to me a number someone pulled out of the air . ''
If these reactions suggested Perry was out of step with the higher-education establishment , the public 's reaction suggested that defenders of the status quo had fallen out of step with students , their parents , and taxpayers . Baselice and Associates conducted a public-opinion survey commissioned by the Texas Public Policy Foundation , finding that 81 percent of Texas voters believed public universities could be run more efficiently . Nationally , a 2011 Pew study found that 57 percent of prospective students believed a college degree no longer carries a value worth the cost . Seventy-five percent of respondents declared college simply unaffordable .
But would Perry 's plan meet the public 's need ? One year after the governor 's challenge , Texas A & M-San Antonio became the first school to answer the call , announcing a bachelor 's degree in information technology costing students just under $ 10,000 in tuition and fees . Today , eleven other Texas schools have announced $ 10,000 degree initiatives .
The burgeoning revolution has not been confined to the Lone Star State . Apparently , when it comes to higher-education reform , as Texas goes , so goes the country . Florida governor Rick Scott recently asked his state 's public universities to craft $ 10,000 degrees of their own . In May of 2013 , Georgia Tech announced an online master 's degree in computer science for $ 7,000 , a reduction of 80 percent from the $ 40,000 price tag charged for its on-campus program . Additionally , in the last year , legislators in Oklahoma and Oregon have begun work to introduce $ 10,000 degrees in their states .
The rapid expansion of $ 10,000 degree offerings has not satisfied the `` It 's impossible '' critics . They note that the fledgling programs are limited to a few subject areas , mostly the applied sciences , and argue that the same model can not work in other fields . Moreover , they point out , a number of the new offerings charge students $ 10,000 but do not actually reduce their schools ' cost of instruction and materials .
These otherwise valid critiques ignore the fact that Perry requested only that 10 percent of public undergraduate degrees meet the $ 10,000 standard , a quota echoed by Rick Scott . More important , the $ 10,000 degree programs that reduced the price charged to the student but not the cost incurred by the school did not employ the means Perry specified -- online learning and competency-based exams .
That 's changing . Three higher-education partners -- Texas A & M University-Commerce , South Texas College , and the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board ( THECB ) -- just launched the `` Affordable Baccalaureate Program , '' the state 's first public university bachelor 's degree combining online learning and competency-based standards . Developed by community-college and university faculty , with an eye to meeting the needs identified by community and business leaders , a new degree in organizational leadership can cost as little as $ 750 per term and allows students to receive credit for as many competencies and courses as they can master each term . According to THECB 's website , students arriving `` with no prior college credits should be able to complete the degree program in three years at a total cost of $ 13,000 to $ 15,000 . '' Students who enter having already satisfied their general-education requirements can complete the degree in two years , while those entering with `` 90 credit hours and no credential '' can complete the degree `` in one year for $ 4,500 to $ 6,000 . ''
Will this latest salvo strike the decisive blow in the revolution ? It is too early to tell . But a few facts we know too well . One study finds that average tuition and fees nationwide have risen 440 percent over the past 25 years , roughly four times the rate of inflation and nearly twice the rate of health-care cost growth . Attempting to pay for these historic price increases , students and their parents have taken on historic student-loan debt . Total student-loan debt has risen to $ 1.2 trillion , for the first time ever exceeding total national credit-card debt .
In the past , the debate over the college tuition and debt crisis has produced calls to action on two fronts , both fiscally unsustainable : First , federal taxpayers have been asked to pay more through subsidizing student loans so that students can borrow more to pay inflated tuitions . Second , state taxpayers have been asked to pay more in order to increase state subsidies for education . But today , with the $ 10,000 degree , universities themselves are beginning to lower the tuition and fees they charge students , parents , and taxpayers .
Finally , the ground is beginning to shift . The impossible may be starting to look inevitable .
Thomas K. Lindsay directs the Center for Higher Education at the Texas Public Policy Foundation and is editor of SeeThruEdu.com . He was deputy chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities under George W. Bush . He recently published Investigating American Democracy with Gary D. Glenn ( Oxford University Press ) .
WikiLeaks Releases What It Calls CIA Trove Of Cyber-Espionage Documents
Enlarge this image toggle caption Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Updated 5:15 p.m . ET
WikiLeaks has released thousands of files that it identifies as CIA documents related to the agency 's cyber-espionage tools and programs .
The documents published on Tuesday include instruction manuals , support documents , notes and conversations about , among other things , efforts to exploit vulnerabilities in smartphones and turn smart TVs into listening devices . The tools appear to be designed for use against individual targets , as part of the CIA 's mandate to gather foreign intelligence .
A CIA spokesperson would not confirm whether the documents were genuine , telling NPR , `` We do not comment on the authenticity or content of purported intelligence documents . ''
Former CIA Director Michael Hayden told MSNBC that if WikiLeaks ' account was true , the document dump would be `` very , very damaging . ''
And the anti-secrecy site says there 's more to come : WikiLeaks has dubbed Tuesday 's release `` Year Zero , '' saying it is the first of a series of CIA-related leaks that the site is collectively calling `` Vault 7 . ''
Nicholas Weaver , a computer scientist at the University of California at Berkeley , says the documents do n't seem to reveal significant news about the CIA 's capabilities — `` it 's describing a hacking organization that 's doing a reasonably good job , '' he says .
What is surprising is that the documents are being published .
In a statement accompanying the document release , WikiLeaks alleges that the CIA has recently `` lost control of the majority of its hacking arsenal , '' and that an archive with `` several hundred million lines of code '' has been circulating among former government hackers . One former government hacker or contractor gave a portion of that code to WikiLeaks , according to the organization .
Weaver calls that story `` implausible , '' and raises the possibility that someone from outside the U.S. government compromised the CIA 's systems to acquire the documents . And that , he says , would be a big deal : `` Spies gon na spy , that 's dog bites man . Spy dumps data on Wikileaks , proving that they exfiltrated it from a top secret system ? That 's man bites dog . ''
Regardless of how they were acquired , the documents in the `` Year Zero '' release do not include the code for any cyberespionage programs . In its press release , WikiLeaks says it is `` avoiding the distribution of 'armed ' cyberweapons until a consensus emerges '' on how to analyze and disarm such weapons .
Instead , the purported CIA documents reference and describe agency tools designed to extract information from computers , monitor communications and control electronic devices .
WikiLeaks says the files came from the CIA 's internal Confluence system — a platform for team collaboration . They include instructions on how to use programs , and guides describing how to reduce the risk of CIA involvement being detected in a program . Some pages have comments from users whose names have been redacted , but appear to be software developers .
The alleged CIA documents show techniques developed specifically for `` embedded systems '' — which the files describe , in non-technical terms , as `` the Things in the Internet of Things . '' Think devices that do n't look like computers , but use the Internet to work . For instance , one program uses a Samsung TV as a listening device , turning the microphone on while the TV appears to be off .
The documents also appear to show techniques the CIA has used to compromise and control individual smartphones . WikiLeaks notes that such tactics would allow the agency to read even encrypted communications — but Weaver says that 's misleading .
`` The real story on encryption is not , 'Oh my God the CIA breaks encryption , ' but that encryption is so good that the CIA has to risk $ 1.5 million assets to compromise a target 's iPhone if they want to read his messages , '' he says , noting the high price of developing smartphone-infiltrating techniques .
There 's another concern about the methods that the CIA used to compromise phones . Ben Wizner , director of the ACLU Speech , Privacy , and Technology Project , says the documents suggest the CIA `` deliberately maintained vulnerabilities '' in widely used devices .
`` Those vulnerabilities will be exploited not just by our security agencies , but by hackers and governments around the world , '' he said in a statement . ( Security consultant Tom Ritter tells NPR that according to the documents , the CIA does seem to have been aware of security vulnerabilities and not informed companies that could have fixed them . )
The CIA has traditionally been responsible for human espionage — officially , the NSA gathers `` signals intelligence '' and the CIA analyzes it . But the CIA also carries out its own cyber operations .
In February 2016 , then-CIA Director John Brennan spoke with NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly about , in part , the agency 's desire to expand its cybercapabilities .
`` The technological changes are taking place at a warped speed , '' he said :
`` So we here at CIA , we recently set up a fifth directorate for the first time in 50 years , a new directorate ... the directorate of digital innovation , so that we can understand all of the opportunities and challenges associated with that digital environment . `` I 'm not a technological expert by any means , but I recognize that more and more human transactions and interactions take place in that cyber environment . And it profoundly affects all of our ways of life , and it affects the intelligence mission . So I want to make sure that for CIA to be able to fulfill its responsibilities in the years ahead , we understand what the pitfalls are , what the opportunities are , so that we are able to master that environment consistent with our authorities , so we can carry out our respective missions . ''
Mike Pompeo , the new head of the CIA under President Trump , said in a written questionnaire accompanying his confirmation hearing that he understood that the agency , `` upon direction from the President and working in cooperation with other agencies when appropriate , has capabilities to perform a wide [ array of ] actions related to all forms of cybersecurity policies . ''
Although Israel has been at the heart of day-school curricula for decades , we have known little about how schools teach and students learn about Israel—at least until last month , when the AviChai Foundation released its study of Israel Education in Jewish day schools and high schools across America . The report explored the following questions : What do schools hope to impart to students about Israel ? What do schools actually communicate to their students ? and What do students take away from their educational experiences ?
To answer these questions , the authors surveyed 95 day schools and high schools about their practices in Israel education . They surveyed some 350 teachers identified by their schools as involved in Israel education about what they do and how they perceive the efficacy of their work . Finally , the authors surveyed over 4,000 students at the schools to find out what aspects of Israel resonate the most and the least with them and how Israel fits into their larger world view . The researchers visited over a dozen of the participating schools and conducted observations and interviews in order to fill out the picture of Israel education that emerged from the surveys .
The report found that schools focus almost exclusively on helping students feel good about Israel . In summarizing their findings , the authors write , “ Over and over , [ school 's ] goals are directed towards the cultivation of emotional states : identification , allegiance and attachment. ” This sentiment did n't come just from school leaders . The report found that of teachers ' top ten goals , none had to do with understanding Israel 's history or contemporary events . “ Nearly everyone interviewed agreed that it is about love and pride and a sense of ownership of Israel as a homeland that drives their Israel education efforts , ” wrote the authors , Alex Pomson , Jack Wertheimer , and Hagit HaCohen Wolf . The authors recount a board member of one school saying , “ Parents complain about Hebrew , English , all sorts of things—but not Israel . It 's taught in a very beautiful way , so no one is offended . ”
When it came to the details , however , there was less agreement about what it meant to teach these positive emotions to students . For some parents teaching love meant producing students who will “ fan out across university campuses and make the case for Israel ” ; some administrators , on the other hand , suspected that an advocacy approach “ just wo n't work for most teenagers. ” Other parents were satisfied if their children “ develop [ ed ] warm feelings toward the Jewish state . ”
The report does n't say what kind of love it found to be present in these schools , nor what kind of love should be encouraged . As I read on , it occurred to me that this silence about what love means masks a much deeper and troubling finding , namely that , in the schools surveyed , teaching positive feelings comes at the expense of dealing with the complexities of Israel and the multiple perspectives that parents , teachers and students hold . Indeed , the authors acknowledge this : “ The more a school teaches about the complexities of contemporary Israel , the more that school undermines a precious consensus point . ”
Education that aims to avoid offense and provides students with little knowledge may be able to produce strong positive feelings toward Israel . But this is not love ; it 's infatuation , and I 'd argue , it actually masks a sense of fear . If the AviChai report tells us anything , it tells us that school communities do n't believe that they can tolerate significant and informed debate around Israel and still hold together . They are scared that Israel will only be lovable if they shield students from its imperfections . As any relationship expert will tell you , these are not the kinds of feelings that form the foundation of a strong lasting relationship .
Jonah Hassenfeld is getting his PhD at Stanford University in Education and Jewish Studies . He is a Jim Joseph fellow and Wexner fellow/Davidson scholar .
This is part of a five-week series between CBC 's Mainstreet and Engage Nova Scotia , which will feature highlights of what Engage Nova Scotia heard when it asked 1,000 Nova Scotians about their attitudes to the province , its challenges and our openness to change .
The following is written by Danny Graham , the chief engagement officer of Engage Nova Scotia :
I recently got a chuckle out of a print cartoon that showed a man at the front of a hall asking , `` Who wants change ? '' and every hand in the hall was raised . The next frame showed the same man asking `` Who wants to change ? '' and nobody 's hand was up .
It may surprise you that this is actually not the way Nova Scotians see themselves . Our research revealed not only a strong need by us for change , but a strong willingness to change . What we appear to lack is a feeling that , as individuals , we can be a part of the change .
Here 's how this breaks down .
We commissioned several questions of 1,000 Nova Scotians from all ages and regions of the province . On a scale of one to 10 , the answers between seven and 10 generally signalled agreement and the answers between one and four signalled disagreement .
Some 85 per cent of Nova Scotians believe we need to do things differently and think differently to make Nova Scotia better .
Almost everyone agreed that a decision to not act puts our future in peril . And they seem to accept that change does not mean losing what we value . For example , 88 per cent of us believe we can grow the economy without losing what makes Nova Scotia special .
Against this backdrop , only 47 per cent of Nova Scotians are confident we will be able to successfully address our province 's challenges . A silver lining is that , despite these doubts , a strong majority of us ( 78 per cent ) are personally committed to working to make Nova Scotia a better place to live .
An even higher percentage ( 87 per cent ) are open to changing their thinking and behaviour if it means helping Nova Scotia .
What appears to be missing , however , is a belief that everyday citizens can be part of the solutions to our province 's challenges ( 44 per cent ) .
We need to ensure the many who want change , and are open to change , find the opportunities to be part of the solutions . Connecting willingness to ability may be the key .
Everyone 's idea of change is different . Taking the time to understand what we collectively value , what needs to change and what needs to stay the same is essential to driving our future .
For the One N.S . Coalition , which I was a part of , the changes need to focus on seven priorities :
supporting babies and children before school
valuing youth
building on our universities advantage
increasing immigration
building information , communications and technology capacity
expanding on our `` oceans advantage ''
more effectively trading in a global economy
The coalition report was not intended to prescribe all the changes that are needed . Many other great focuses complement these priorities for change . For example :
buying local food
reducing red tape
expanding our creative culture
redesigning tax policies
improving public education
bettering health outcomes
At Engage Nova Scotia , we have begun to focus on actions that both open new thinking and create new action . On the action side , for example , every fall we coordinate ShareThanksgiving that connects newcomers over Thanksgiving supper to Nova Scotia with families who already call this home .
Drop the bad habits of blame and risk-aversion
It 's a tangible experience that opens our eyes to the benefits our newcomers bring to the province . In two short years Nova Scotians have become Canada 's unquestioned leaders in this initiative . It 's a small example of connecting the willingness of Nova Scotians to do something with an ability to make a small difference .
Many Nova Scotians are doing amazing things and there is no pre-existing road map for this journey we are on . We need to forge new paths , and occasionally retrace our steps , without falling into unconstructive habits of blame and risk-aversion . Only by more clearly knowing our doubts and our aspirations will we get past the succession of traps that have held us back .
We hope our research furthers the conversation and leads to new action . What initiatives are you already advancing and what ideas do you have that can help move our gifted province forward ?
Danny Graham is the chief engagement officer of Engage Nova Scotia , an unaffiliated , province-wide charitable organization that is working to cultivate engagement , catalyze change and support the emergence of a new Nova Scotia narrative .
Engage aspires to a future in which we better understand ourselves and our situation ; we are more collaborative , inclusive and embracing of change ; and where more people are stepping up with greater ability to improve our shared quality of life .
Economics Professor Jack Chambless of Valencia College in Florida had his sophomore students write a short essay on what the American dream means to them and what , specifically , they wanted the federal government to do to help them achieve that dream .
The results demonstrate the sheer magnitude of the idiocy of a public education system dead set on indoctrination rather than education :
I took the essays from three classes – about 180 students… About 10 % of the students said they wanted the government to leave them alone and not tax them too much and let them regulate their own lives . But over 80 % of the students said that the American dream to them meant a job , a house , and plenty of money for retirement and vacations and things like this . When it came to the part about the federal government , eight out of ten students said they wanted free health care , they wanted the government to pay for their tuition , they wanted the government to pay for the down payment on their house , they expected the government to , quote , “ give them a job. ” Many of them said they wanted the government to tax wealthier individuals so that they would have an opportunity to have a better life .
The following is an excerpt from one of the non-sensical essays written by a student of Professor Chambless :
“ As human beings , we are not really responsible for our own acts , and so we need government to control those who do n't care about others . ”
One could understand the naivete of such responses from elementary or high school students , but we 're talking about adults of legal voting age , the majority of who have no concept of individual liberty and personal responsibility .
These young adults are the future of our nation and in the nearly twenty years they have attended school they have learned only one way to achieve the American dream : to plunder it from others .
Video Report by FoxNews via Stan Deyo :
As the national capital reeled under heavy smog , the National Green Tribunal on Tuesday took the the governments of Delhi , Uttar Pradesh and Haryana to task and asked them to explain why preventive steps were not taken to control the ‘ severe ' air quality in the region . A bench headed by NGT Chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar lambasted the state governments for not being prepared in advance to tackle the emergency situation .
Advertising
The national capital woke up this morning to ‘ severe ' air quality under a blanket of thick haze , as pollution levels breached the permissible standards by multiple times . The Central Pollution Control Board ( CPCB ) recorded ‘ severe ' air quality , meaning that the intensity of pollution was extreme .
“ The ambient air quality is so bad that children are not able to breath properly . Why did n't you not spray water using helicopters as per our direction ? You take instructions and inform us day after tomorrow , ” the bench said . It asked the state governments to explain why they had not taken preventive and precautionary measures as it was reported earlier that such a situation was likely to arise .
The green panel also directed the CPCB to state what emergency directions it has issued in excercise of its powers to tackle the situation . The tribunal was hearing a plea for immediate action against the worsening air quality in Delhi-NCR stating that it was an ‘ environmental emergency ' which was affecting children and senior citizens the most .
The plea said that according to CPCB report , post Diwali the ambient air quality of Delhi on October 17 , 18 and 19 was found to be “ very poor ” . The plea also said that despite such elaborate orders from the NGT last year , the authorities have slept over it .
Advertising
Highlighting the increasing number of cars in the city , the plea filed by environment activist Akash Vashishta said it was “ imperative that the government should take a view ” with regards to putting a cap on vehicles to reduce air pollution . The plea has also sought direction to Delhi and the neighbouring states to file a status report with regard to the steps taken to educate people regarding waste burning and the pollution caused by it .
For the latest in our ‘ meet the maker ' series we recently contacted Greg Foweraker from Innate to find out more about their active travel products and their green philosophy .
Q . Briefly tell us about Innate who you are and how you got started ?
A. Innate creates cleanly designed essentials for active travel . Innate comes from the Latin word Innatus , to be born into , we like the cross-reference to the DNA to our design philosophy of Leaner Cleaner Greener . Our first products were providing solutions to travelers needing a water bottle with no endocrine disrupting chemicals like BPA and that would accommodate a filter to remove pathogens . We 've stuck to our vision of providing collections that deliver solutions across a range of essentials for our active customers .
Q . What made you decide to make wallets ?
A . We 'd been developing our META collection of travel organizers that were TSA compliant using recycled and re purposed fabrics with stitch less construction . This got us thinking that we could n't abide many of the travel wallets on the market that used chunky binding tape to stabilize the seams ; we started die-cutting and rf welding up some test samples ; the first ones had problems with edge stability due to the individual threads in the fabric getting pushed by the cutting dies into grooves on the cutting surface . We solved this by using an HDPE cutting board and then did little things like reinforce the clip point ; overall this was a fun project and we 've gone on to create a family of wallet related items including our persona travel organizer .
Q . Are you looking to add any other designs ? What 's the future hold for Innate ?
A . We 're just putting the finishing touches on our Deltos RFID shielding passport wallet ; we wanted to create a low profile solution for international travellers yet have dual currency slots , airline cardholders and a secure yet convenient passport sleeve . We 're currently testing a fully submersible zip that can be assembled with stitchless construction ; this has great potential for wallets for folks messing about on the water .
Q . Which famous person would you love to get an order from for one of your wallets ? and why ?
A. Oh that 's easy , Rei Kawakubo , the founder of Comme Des Garcons created an iconic collection called Persona , -The Face You Present to the World ; we named our persona series of digital organizers in homage to her work and as a double entendre to the face of digital devices .
Greg Foweraker
Innate
10 Video Games To Show Off Your Home Theater
By Chris Abbott , 7/24/2012
With the amazing high-def , 3D visuals that were introduced in this most recent generation of gaming consoles , video games are definitely one of the best ways to show off a killer home theater system these days . Let 's face it , there 's nothing quite like cranking up the receiver and getting completely immersed in an intense gaming experience . And while it 's virtually impossible to truly narrow down a list of the best HD gaming experiences , we decided to give it a shot with some of our favorites . From the explosion-laden Battlefield 3 to the high-speed Forza 4 , here now are 10 amazing games to show off that home theater you 've invested in .
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Nathan Drake 's second chapter in the Uncharted series is certainly something to behold . Among Thieves brings a level of graphical fidelity that deserves to be witnessed in beautiful high definition , and has enough sound options to make any audio enthusiast pleased . With Dolby Digital 5.1 , DTS 5.1 , and Linear PCM 5.1 settings for its uncompressed audio , Naughty Dog delivers the goods .
Rez HD
Originally released in the early 2000 's on both Dreamcast and PS2 , Rez got the HD treatment in 2008 when it showed up on Xbox Live Arcade . The game is a rail shooter that takes players through a Tron-like computer environment , illustrated by wire frames and vector graphics with splendid colors and lighting . Electronic music accompanies the unique sights , and players alter and enhance the soundtrack with every action on screen . Rez HD is greater than the sum of its parts ; it 's a visual and aural odyssey that builds until the game 's last area that will have you cranking the volume on your receiver and getting lost in the sublime sounds .
Battlefield 3
With the latest entry in the Battlefield franchise , developer DICE continues to impress in the audio/visual department . Their Frostbite 2.0 engine allows gamers to blow environments to bits with grand explosions ; a few well-aimed shots with an RPG-7 will reduce buildings to rubble . To make the destruction even more believable , Battlefield 3 sports unbelievable sounds . DICE has won several awards for sound design in previous games , and they are continuing to set the bar here .
Crysis 2
Crytek has upped the ante of what a game 's visuals should look like . The first Crysis was brilliant , but its sequel trumps it graphically . Animations , special effects , and environments look utterly gorgeous , but the real star of Crysis 2 is the lighting . The way light touches the environment and every object in it -- enemies , buildings , trees and bushes -- requires a high definition screen to truly appreciate .
God of War 3
Before God of War 3 was released , David Jaffe ( who directed the first God of War ) said “ ... it looks like a painting come to life - it 's THAT good looking ” on his blog . After watching a few minutes of Kratos traversing lush environments and beating enemies with a ferocity that has yet to be matched , Jaffe 's not wrong . God of War 3 pushes the PS3 to pump out images and scenes so lavish they make Kratos ' brutality more ferocious than ever .
Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots
Kojima Productions made Guns of the Patriots with painstaking care . From animations to camera angles , you 'd be hard pressed to find a game with the same level of presentation than MGS4 . Beautiful sights aside , this game demands a surround sound experience . To put things in perspective , the sound design team spent countless hours recording footsteps in different shoes to deliver an unparalleled level of authenticity . For rich , layered sound effects and an unbelievable score from Harry Gregson-Williams , look no further than Metal Gear Solid 4 .
Forza Motorsport 4
Since the first entry in 2005 , Turn 10 Studios has improved its racing sim with every sequel . But with Forza 4 , Turn 10 rebuilt its graphics engine from scratch , and it definitely shows . This means that there are over a million polygons making up each vehicle that the game has to offer . The tracks themselves have been given just as much tender loving care , and driving a lap around Laguna Seca in your dream car is so photorealistic that the roaring engines with transform your living room into the driver 's seat .
Gears of War 3
Gears of War 3 is the culmination of the blood , sweat , and tears Epic Games has put into their Unreal Engine . Planet Sera appears fantastically run down and war-torn , and the Locust Horde has never looked so menacing . The sounds of Horde popping out of emergence holes frighten , and the raucous gunfire soothes -- but nothing beats the violent revving of your Lancers chainsaw combined with the scarlet blood splattered on your screen .
LA Noire
Let 's face it : when it comes to facial animation , LA Noire has yet to be beat . Team Bondi set out to make the most believable digital characters , and succeeded thanks to new technology called MotionScan . Fantastic acting coupled with the sounds and style of the late 40 ‘ s , LA Noire is a very cinematic experience . Seeing characters ' lips move in perfect sync with the dialogue makes the game more immersive , but the soundtrack is what gets LA Noire on the list . Andrew and Simon Hale have crafted such fitting tones , jingles , and themes that listening to it on anything less than a 5.1 system would be selling it short .
Super Mario Galaxy 2
Never mind that the Wii ca n't compare with Sony and Microsoft 's tech specs . In Mario 's second adventure across the galaxy , Nintendo demonstrates that art style matters just as much as the resolution on screen -- perhaps even more so . The exquisite orchestral arrangements of classic Mario tunes perfectly complement the sweeping experience . With vibrant , vivid visuals , breathtaking music , and immersive environments sure to captivate any gamer , Super Mario Galaxy 2 is essential in showcasing your home theater system .
Now Let 's Hear Yours
You 've read our recommendations for games to show off your home theater , but we 're interested to hear what other titles you 'd recommend . Let us know in the comments !
Chris Abbott regularly writes about video games for IGN and 1UP.com . You can follow his twitter for even more gaming recommendations .
Linux 3.15 , expected to be released in mid-2014 , `` will feature a large number of ACPI and power management updates '' and allow Linux-based computers to suspend and resume faster , Phoronix reported today .
`` Visible to users with the Linux 3.15 kernel should be reduced time for system suspend and resuming , thanks to the enabling of more asynchronous threads , '' the article said , pointing to a list of changes posted by Rafael Wysocki , an Intel employee who maintains the Linux kernel 's core power management code . Basic support for Nvidia 's Maxwell architecture is also in the works for Linux 3.15 .
The latest stable release of Linux was version 3.13.6 . Linux 3.14 could be released in the coming days , with improved Intel Broadwell graphics support , updates to the open source Nvidia driver , enablement of dynamic power management for newer AMD Radeon graphics cards , support for Logitech 's Dual Action Gamepad , and other upgrades .
The Aussies continue to deliver . The game against the USA ended up in another victory , meaning the team goes through the group stage without a single loss .
However it was USA who started of best . After 11 minutes they got up in a lead when Joshua Verschleiser took good use of a shot that bounced on the rink behind the goal . A reply came from Australia with less 5 minutes left of the period – William Crawford found a way to get the ball into the goal in a messy situation in front of the net . Although the score was equal after the first period , Australia was the team who 'd created more chances . 8 shots on target , twice as much as USA .
It was in the 2nd period that Australia started to take over the game . When they got their 2nd chance in powerplay , no mistakes were made – Liam Perry found the net , and gave Australia the lead for the first time of the game . 5 minutes later Daniel Gartner followed up with his 1-3 goal on a counter-attack . At 31:38 Perry ( who scored 5 times against Hungary yesterday ) extended their lead with his second goal of the game . With 5 minutes to go before the last period break , David Suter made it 1-5 .
The plow continued in the final period – 3 more goals was scored by Australia before the game was over . David Suter , the MVP of the game , scored his 2nd goal when his team completely outplayed the American defense in powerplay . Oscar Smith would also be added to the list of scorers with his 1-7 goal . To finish things up , Tomas Garnter scored one final goal with 5 seconds to go : On his own initiative , he took the ball and ran up from his defender position into the offensive zone , and fired a shot that went past the goalkeeper . Final result 1-8 , and another impressive performance by Australia !
Floorball Worldwide Facebook Group - 1.920 members ! Become a member For lovers of floorball worldwide ! Here you find the latest news about floorball !
Join the Floorball Worldwide Facebook Group
MAGIX is proud to announce the release of the 11th version of its photo and graphic editing program , Photo & Graphic Designer . With technology based on the world 's fastest vector graphic engine from Xara Designer Pro X , this software seamlessly combines comprehensive image editing with powerful graphic design tools . Intuitive features and a wide range of effects make it possible to edit images and create graphics in a multitude of ways , and the newly-introduced blend modes and art brushes provide even more creative freedom .
`` As the name Photo and Graphic Designer suggests , this software is more than just another image editing tool . It 's one of the most modern and powerful vector graphic programs available and offers precisely the tools needed by avid graphic designers , small companies and academic users . '' - Charles Moir ( Photo , Graphic and Web Software Developer )
The highlight of this new release are the four new blend modes , which can be used to create special effects such as double exposures and textures . This allows users to design images which look as if they are drawn on canvas , paper or even stone . Soft light can be used for softer and diffused applications of color , and hard light allows you to add highlights and intensify contrasts and shadows . The luminance and color blend modes can be used to easily customize the levels of luminosity and color intensity .
This software also provides even more options for designing your own images and graphics than ever before :
The art brush can be used to stretch photos and vectors along a drawn line , allowing users to create photo-realistic brush patterns , such as watercolors , in a few , easy steps .
Photo & Graphic Designer 11 also offers the possibility of morphing vectors . Brush strokes and all other vectors can be enlarged , turned , compressed and distorted in any way .
The process of creating graphic intersections has also been significantly optimized and simplified , and complex forms can now be drawn much faster .
Working with text has also been streamlined . Automatic line breaks are now possible , and text styles have been further optimized .
Xara Photo & Graphic Designer 11 is available in shops and online now for £49.99 .
The most important tools and new features :
A sampling of articles I 've written during my career as a journalist and editor .
Music Inc. Magazine
For several years , I served full time as an editor for this national business magazine for owners and managers of music retail stores , and I continued to freelance for them after leaving my position . Here are a few articles :
DownBeat Magazine
While I was editor of Music Inc. , I also became associate editor of its parent publication , DownBeat . After leaving my position there , I continued to freelance for this legendary jazz magazine . Here are some samples :
Dino Publishing
As a freelance writer and editor for Dino Publishing and its high-quality custom magazines , I wrote features for Sea Ray Living , Taste , Trophy and other magazines . Here are a few articles I wrote for them .
Other Publications
Who the Clix ? is a series of articles featuring information on comic book characters that have been made into figures for the popular tabletop game Heroclix . These articles are meant to help Heroclix players learn more about the characters behind their favorite pieces .
Today we look at the creatures that continue Oroku Saki ‘ s legacy : The Shredder Clones
Appearances in Heroclix : TMNT Shredder 's Return
First Appearance : Leonardo : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle # 1
Team Affiliations : N/A
Universe : Mirage
Created by : Peter Laird , Kevin Eastman
On the Christmas Eve after his apparent death , a resurrected Shredder and several Foot ninjas ambush Leonardo . After beating the turtle almost to death , they throw his body through the window of April 's Second Time Around store . Shredder and the Foot follow suit and attack the rest of the brothers before setting the building on fire . Casey Jones helps the Turtles and April escape before leaving the city and recuperating on the Jones ' family farmhouse in Northampton , Massachusetts .
The Turtles spend several months recovering and training before returning to New York . Almost a year after leaving , they stumble onto a lone Triceraton named Zog that leads them to the Foot Clan 's headquarters . This is where they meet the three Shredder Elite Guard , a group of imperfect clones of Oroku Saki .
The Shredder later explains to Leonardo that the Foot have perfected a process where mystic rituals are used on a colony of worms before they are fed the remains of a corpse . The worms then are able to create a new cloned body . The Elite Guard are the test subjects before the Foot are able to properly resurrect their fallen leader . The Elite Guard kill Zog before battling the Turtles . Donatello , Michelangelo and Raphael are barely able to defeat the Guard but are also severely wounded . This leaves Leonardo to face the resurrected Shredder alone .
The Shredder explains the process of his revival as well that he retains all the memories and hatred of the original . The two foes battle one another with Leonardo finally decapitating the Shredder and defeating him once more . Leonardo then takes the Shredder 's remains and gives him a Viking funeral on the Hudson River to try and stop the Foot from raising their master again .
A few weeks later a Foot mystic named Mashima finds what is left of Shredder 's charred remains and feeds them to the worm colony again . There is not enough for the worms to form a new body so they seek out a new host . They eat the partial remains of a shark and form a new monster that is part human and part shark . The monster retains all of Saki 's memories and believes it is the real Oroku Saki .
Determined to gain his revenge , the Shark Shredder kidnaps Splinter and battles the Turtles once more . Though the Turtles are able to best the monster , it is able to use its magical powers to psychologically batter the heroes . The Turtles finally defeat the creature by severing its connection to the mystic which allows the worm colony to realize it is just a clone abomination . In confusion and rage , it eats the Foot mystic that created it and swims away .
The Shark Shredder returns later and takes control of a Foot contingent that kidnaps Casey 's stepdaughter , Shadow , in order to lure the Turtles into another trap . However , the Turtles are away on an adventure and so Casey must face the monster alongside Splinter . The pair is able to reach the Mashima , the Foot mystic the shark ate whose personality is resurrected and merged because of the worms . They rescue Shadow and kill the creature for the last time .
Recommended Reading :
German Labor Minister Andrea Nahles ' social welfare plans created a rare moment of accord between the center-left and center-right wings of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition on Wednesday .
Even before the cabinet rubberstamped the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) minister 's draft law , which will limit European Union immigrants ' access to Germany 's social welfare system , the Christian Social Union ( CSU ) was trumpeting its support .
`` It 's the right path , that Mrs. Nahles is now closing the loophole for uncontrolled immigration into our social systems that was opened by the Federal Social Court , '' the Bavarian Social Affairs Minister Emilia Müller said in the morning - though she could n't resist voicing a minor niggle : `` Bavaria , '' she added , would have preferred it if the waiting period had been five years of `` legal status '' in Germany , not just residing in Germany for five years .
Nahles said her law would strengthen Europe
Five-year plan
Indeed , Nahles ' bill is stricter than might have been expected from a Social Democrat . The new measure stems from a legal uncertainty created when the Federal Social Court last year contradicted the European Court of Justice by ruling that non-German EU citizens had a right to basic unemployment benefits in Germany after six months in the country , regardless of their legal status .
Nahles ' new law will make sure that EU immigrants can not claim `` Hartz IV '' until they 've been living in Germany for five years - before that deadline , the home country is responsible for paying their benefits . It also states that anyone who has only travelled to Germany for the sole purpose of looking for work will have no access to benefits .
Other measures in the new bill include a bridging benefit that will allow EU immigrants with no income a month 's worth of rent and food money while they organize their return home , as well as a loan for their travelling expenses .
`` With this clarification , we are strengthening the European idea and one of its biggest achievements : the free movement of workers , '' Nahles said in a statement . But , as she then added , another main reason for the new bill was to lighten the Hartz IV bills for local councils .
Cost-cutting ?
But critics and opposition politicians were keen to point out the potential constitutional minefield that Nahles was treading . `` The Basic Law makes clear : people who are living in Germany and whose loss of the right of residence has not been bindingly established have the right to a secure , humane existence , regardless of their nationality , '' Annelie Buntenbach of the German Trade Union Confederation ( DGB ) said in a statement . `` As so often , the people who have to suffer are those who already live in difficult circumstances - now [ the government ] wants to sit and watch until their poverty has set in before they can claim access to their basic rights . ''
The German cabinet approved the new plan on Wednesday
According to Germany 's Federal Labor Agency , 440,000 non-German EU nationals received social welfare in January this year - topping the list were Polish nationals with around 92,000 recipients , followed by Italians ( 71,000 ) , Bulgarians ( 70,000 ) , Romanians ( 57,000 ) and Greeks ( 46,000 ) . They represent around a tenth of the 4.1 million EU immigrants living in Germany , and similarly a tenth of the total 4.3 million Hartz IV recipients in Germany .
Germany 's local councils apparently believe that the country 's social welfare system is too much of a temptation . `` The current regulations and the ruling by the Federal Social Court could make Germany even more attractive to potential immigrants than it already is , '' said Gerd Landsberg , head of the association of German councils and cities ( DStGB ) .
But for the Left party 's labor market spokeswoman Sabine Zimmermann , the above figures belie Nahles ' claim that the authorities are overburdened by the cost . `` Most of the people who come to us from the European Union want to work here , '' she told DW . `` And it 's far too few [ people claiming Hartz IV ] to say that 's why the councils are overburdened . That 's just a pretext . ''
The real reason for this new measure , according to the Left party , is that the government , spooked by recent electoral results of the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) , is pandering to rising anti-immigrant sentiment .
The crux of the matter , to Zimmermann , is the contradiction of allowing free movement of workers in Europe to benefit the common labor market , without offering a common social safety net .
`` I think that 's wrong , '' said Zimmermann . `` We ca n't just make an economic union ; we have to make a social union too . Businesses are allowed to go all over Europe without worrying about borders , and we have freedom of movement for employees - if you want that , then you have to allow a certain social safety net across borders as well . ''
Over the past 48 hours , President Trump has seen a handful of CEOs leave his business advisory council over his Charlottesville remarks , but he maintained a strong stance that the group would be better off without them . Now , in the wake of a major departure , Trump has been forced to change course : The president has just dissolved his business council after Twinkie the Kid resigned in protest .
Wow . This is a huge blow to an already embattled president .
In a public statement , Twinkie the Kid claimed that his decision to remove himself from the council was a matter of personal conscience :
“ In light of the president 's shameful response to the racist violence in Charlottesville , I can no longer continue representing Twinkies and the interests of Americans from within President Trump 's business cabinet , ” read the statement . “ I have always sought to wrangle great flavor and lasso a little bit of sweetness for all the buckaroos out there , and I feel I can no longer do that in good conscience with a president who openly supports white supremacists . ”
Advertisement
Without the critical support of Twinkie the Kid , the Trump administration clearly saw the writing on the wall and rushed to scuttle the advisory council before the remaining business leaders followed the example set by the giant cream-filled sponge-cake cowboy .
While Twinkie the Kid should 've protested Trump 's abhorrent behavior a long time ago , we 're glad to see him finally speak out and condemn the white supremacy being condoned by this presidency . It remains to be seen if Mr . The Kid will continue to use his stature to push for an end to white supremacy on a national scale , but he deserves credit for following his conscience .
EAST FISHKILL , N.Y. — Authorities say a man who had shot a deer in the Hudson Valley woods was hauling it away on a cart when he was wounded by second hunter firing at the dead animal .
Police in Dutchess County tell the Poughkeepsie Journal ( http : //pojonews.co/1uFkheC ) that a hunter had shot a deer Saturday morning and was using a cart to bring it out of a wooded area 60 miles north of New York City .
Officers say another hunter saw the deer moving , thought it was alive and fired , hitting the first hunter in the hand and buttocks .
The injured hunter was treated at a hospital for nonlife-threatening injuries .
Police say both men are from nearby towns .
The incident is being investigated by the state Department of Environmental Conservation police .
By Sayer Ji
Contributing writer for Wake Up World
A powerful new study reminds us that natural medicine was once , and still is , the default medical system on this planet…
In fact , the use of synthetically produced patent medicines ( pharmaceuticals ) is a relatively recent development ( circa 1870 ) , and should really be called the “ alternative medicine ” vis-a-vis time-tested , far safer approaches that rely on food , spices , and carefully prepared and administered plant extracts .
A powerful new report released by the Kew Gardens in the United Kingdom reveals that there are currently 28,187 plant species recorded as being of medicinal use throughout the world . In addition , the report revealed that fewer than 16 % ( 4,478 ) of the species used in plant-based medicines are cited in a medicinal regulatory publication .
While the lesser developed countries are the primary users of plant medicines , they are used in great abundance throughout the world . Even in countries like Germany where conventional , drug-based medicine is the default approach , about 90 % of their population also uses herbal medicines . Even the most pharmaceutically obsessed country in the world , the United States , spent 17 billion dollars on traditional herbal medicines in 2000 alone , and the number has grown steadily since then .
[ An interesting side note : Even Insects Use ‘ Natural Medicine ' Because It Works ! ]
It should be noted that mixing plant-based medicines with pharmaceuticals can be dangerous , and as the report points out , many of these plants contain compounds that can cause harm if taken incorrectly . There is also a problem with misnaming or multiple names for the same plant-based medicines :
“ 143 databases and publications cite 415,180 unique names for plant-based medicines – an average of 15 alternative names for each species . ”
The report also pointed out that plants still provide the majority of lead compounds for drug development , with many still being directly extracted from medicinal plants :
“ Since 1981 , 1,130 new therapeutic agents have been approved for use as pharmaceutical drugs , of which 593 are based on compounds from natural sources . Thirty-eight are derived from medicinal plants [ 40,41 ] . Fifteen of the 56 natural drugs registered for the treatment of cancer since 1980 are derived from medicinal plants with a long history of traditional use . For example drugs based on Paclitaxel have been isolated from the yew tree ( Taxus spp . ) , Camptothecin from the happy tree , ( Camptotheca acuminata ) and Podophyllotoxin from the May apple ( Podophyllum hexandrum and P. peltatum ) . ”
In some sense , then , one can consider pharmaceutical medicine “ plant-based , ” with the difference that their patent-based model almost invariably amplifies the toxic side effects to the patient .
The report also points out that presently , of the 5 drugs developmental specifically to treat the symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease , two are derived from plants :
“ Galantamine , from Galanthus ( snowdrops ) , Leucojum ( snowflakes ) and Narcissus ( daffodils ) , was the first natural product drug to treat dementia symptoms . The second was Rivastigmine , which is chemically derived from physostigmine , an alkaloid from Physostigma venenosum ( calabar bean ) . ”
Another study mentioned in the report found that there are a staggering 656 flowering plant species used traditionally for diabetes , representing 437 genera and 111 families . For instance , Metformin , probably the most well known drug for diabetes , was modeled after the anti-diabetic properties of Galega officinalis ( goat 's rue ) . Unfortunately , even when a compound is isolated from a natural plant , it can lose its informational integrity , and may behave more like a chemical than a natural substance embedded within the synergistic context of the whole plant .
Let 's Grow the Evidence Supporting Plant-Based Medicine !
As many of our readers already know , GreenMedInfo was founded to create a central repository for research on the medicinal benefits of natural substances , including the thousands of plants presently used in culinary and herbal medicine applications . Our Research Dashboard contains over 30,000 abstracts accessible through 10,000 separate databases . Our mission is to help the public understand the profound value that plant medicine has in preventing and treating disease :
“ One of the greatest if not the greatest triumph of biomedical science today is its role in validating ancient healing modalities that long before the advent of science , and even recorded history itself , were passed down “ orally ” from generation to generation in the vast body of folkloric medical knowledge that still forms the basis for the majority of the world 's primary health care system . These so-called “ natural ” or “ alternative ” modalities , which our species owes its present day survivorship to after eons of dependency on them , are increasingly gaining the attention of men and women in white lab coats intent on unlocking the mysteries of how they work , and in many cases , why they work better than patented , synthetic , chemical-based medications. ” [ Read full article ]
Our goal at GreenMedInfo.com is to index 100,000 abstracts demonstrating the value of natural substances in the prevention and treatment of disease . We are an ad-free , user-supported platform . Please consider supporting our project by becoming a member today .
About the author :
Sayer Ji is the founder of Greenmedinfo.com , a reviewer at the International Journal of Human Nutrition and Functional Medicine , Co-founder and CEO of Systome Biomed , Vice Chairman of the Board of the National Health Federation , and Steering Committee Member of the Global Non-GMO Foundation .
For more , visit GreenMedInfo.com and Facebook.com/GreenMedInfo , or sign up for GreenMedInfo 's free e-Newsletter .
This article first appeared on GreenMedInfo.com © 2017 GreenMedInfo LLC . This work is reproduced and distributed with the permission of GreenMedInfoLLC . Want to learn more from GreenMedInfo ? Sign up for the newsletter here .
Recommended articles by Sayer Ji :
Are you ready ? Beijing is expected to get its first snow of the season this weekend . But this is n't going to be some little flurry . This is likely going to be some heavy snow that will blanket the city , Shanghai Daily reports .
A weak cold front is expected to hit Beijing on Saturday and will help clear up some of that smog we 've been experiencing the past couple days . The snow , which was originally expected to arrive on Monday , is likely going to hit us as early Sunday afternoon .
AccuWeather is predicting we could see about 2-4 inches of snow on Sunday . The snow is expected to last until late Monday .
It is also possible that some western and northern parts of Beijing could experience blizzards over the weekend , Shanghai Daily reports .
Snow aside , it 's going to get cold – and fast . We 're looking at an 8 to 10 C temperature drop starting next week . Basically temperatures from Tuesday to Thursday will reach a high of 1 C during the day and get down to around -9 C at night . The strong winds that are expected to hit us early next week will only function to make it colder .
Good thing those heaters are now keeping us nice and toasty while we 're inside . Stay warm everyone and enjoy the snow .
News
Richard Burns Foundation funds Spinal Track 's Rally Expansion
Richard Burns Foundation funds Spinal Track 's Rally Expansion
RBF to fund two new hand-controlled rally car to Spinal Track 's existing fleet of track cars for disabled drivers
> RBF to fund the addition of two rally cars to the Spinal Track competition car fleet
> Spinal Track is an established charity operating hand controlled competition cars to enable disabled drivers to experience motorsport
> The capital funding of Spinal Track 's first rally cars will mark the end of an eleven-year era of charitable activity in memory of the former World Rally Champion , Richard Burns
Reading , 23 March 2018 . The Trustees of the Richard Burns Foundation today announced that the charity had made a major donation to enable Spinal Track to extend its fleet of hand-control competition cars for disabled drivers from circuit racing into rallying . This contribution marks the end of the Foundation 's charitable activities undertaken over the past eleven years in memory of the 2001 World Rally Champion .
Spinal Track is the brainchild of Andrew Bayliss , a MSA-qualified rally instructor and Nathalie McGloin , a Dare to be Different Ambassador & FIA Commission President and the only tetraplegic female race driver in the world . Derived from Nathalie 's experience navigating her way to racing following a C6/7 complete spinal injury in 1999 , and Andrew 's professional capacity as a competition driving instructor , Spinal Track offers aspiring disabled drivers a free immersion in the world of competitive motorsport .
Spinal Track has , until now , focused its support for disabled drivers around track days and circuit activities , offering instruction in hand-controlled cars informed by Nathalie 's experience campaigning a Porsche 987 Cayman S in the Porsche Club Championship . The capital donation from RBF will enable Spinal Track to diversify the opportunities for disabled drivers to freely experience a competition car not just on the track , but now on the rally stage too .
The funds will help the charity acquire and convert two Toyota GT86 rally cars that will bear the familiar orange livery intimately associated with Richard 's competition career . The cars will be the foundation for the Richard Burns Spinal Track Rally Experience which will be dedicated to providing a gateway for disabled drivers to take charge of a rally car under Spinal Track 's skilled tuition and mentoring .
Accepting the funds from the Richard Burns Foundation and commenting on the creation of the Richard Burns Spinal Track Rally Experience Nathalie said , “ Spinal Track has made great strides in a few short years , but this capital donation from the Richard Burns Foundation marks a step change in the opportunities we can now offer aspiring disabled drivers – and we are honoured to be able to associate Spinal Track 's new rally programme with the 2001 World Rally Champion . ”
The RBF Trustees have made this donation as a fitting end point to over a decade of fund-raising in Richard 's memory and the Foundation is asking its supporters and benefactors to focus their continued generosity and assistance towards Spinal Track 's new rally initiative .
Since 2006 , the Foundation has been blessed with inordinate support from the public at large . Squarely founded on the love and affection felt for Richard by friends and fans , RBF has raised over £1m for more than twenty immensely deserving causes over this period – from the Make a Wish Foundation to Headway , Wings for Life and the Teenage Cancer Trust , alongside a long and enduring relationship with the Brain & Spine Foundation .
Aside from its debt of gratitude to its many donors and its army of loyal volunteers , the Foundation also owes Duke of Richmond and the Goodwood Estate its heartfelt thanks for providing the charity with a prominent and recurring association with the Festival and Revival every year .
Commenting on the end of an era rich in celebration of Richard Burns ' life , his former girlfriend and RBF Trustee , Zoe Scott said , “ The Richard Burns Foundation was some small answer to the large question posed by Richard 's untimely death . I am proud of what our volunteers , charity partners , corporate patrons and ultimately our donors have achieved in Richard 's name over the past eleven years . It is now an appropriate juncture to call time on our work , celebrate what has been achieved in his name and pass the baton to Spinal Track , a brilliant and fitting initiative that really does have the power to change lives . I am confident that it is something of which Richard would have approved and we wish Nathalie and Andrew the very best . ”
About Spinal Track
spinaltrack.org
About Nathalie McGloin
nathaliemcgloinracing.com
RBF – Over a Decade in Numbers
Founded : 2006
Funds raised : £ 1,030,95
Patrons : 5 ( Robert Reid , Marcus Gronholm , Guy Wilks , Marino Franchitti , Markko Martin )
Charities Supported : Youth Cancer Trust , Teenage Cancer Trust , Make a Wish , Lewis Hamilton Trust , Headway , Wings For Life , Hope for Tomorrow , Kent Surrey Sussex Air Ambulance , Chestnut Tree Children 's Hospice , Halow , RAF Benevolent Fund , D-Day Revisited , Roberts Centre , Chichester Boys Club , Wales Air Ambulance and Brain & Spine Foundation
Facebook Likes : 26,045
Events attended : 11 amazing years supporting Goodwood Festival of Speed and Revival , Rally Day , Wales GB , Pirelli International Rally at Carlisle and RAF Marham Rally
A huge thank you for all your support and amazing efforts over all the years .
For Honor 's accidental alt-right connection “ Deus vult ” has an uncomfortable connotation for many
A rallying cry adopted by For Honor players may sound familiar to those well-versed in the conservative political landscape . “ Deus vult , ” a phrase that 's become popular with the multiplayer game 's community , may have origins in 11th-century Europe , but it 's more recently been associated with the alt-right movement .
“ Deus vult ” is Latin for “ God wills it , ” which became a stirring declaration for the Crusaders . It concluded a speech made by Pope Urban II , calling defenders of Christianity to action in the fight to win back their Holy Land from its Muslim occupants . It became symbolic not just of pride in the Christian state , but in Western culture as a whole .
The religious , historical nature of the phrase is obvious and inextricable , and that 's what accounts for its use by the community of games like For Honor . The action fighting game is set in medieval times , with players choosing between knights , samurai and vikings . In keeping with the time period , players who choose the knight class can often be found cheering “ Deus vult ! ”
The phrase is a major meme in the For Honor community , and it appears to be recycled from older medieval times-based games . That includes Crusader Kings , which had an expansion called Deus Vult ; the phrase also appeared in its sequel . It 's used by recent beta testers in a plethora of threads on the subreddit and official For Honor forum . There are jokes about the meme and how common it is , but more often than not , players just post it as a rallying cry — much like how it was originally intended .
Despite the lighthearted use of the phrase by the For Honor community , rooted in pre-existing video game culture , the alt-right had resurfaced the age-old battle cry months earlier for more sinister purposes .
Members of the alt-right movement , which propagates racist , misogynistic , xenophobic and other hateful ideologies , co-opted “ Deus vult ” for its purposes during the 2016 election season . The group turned the phrase into a hashtag that accompanied its political tweets , and reports of it graffitied in public places followed .
Ishaan Tharoor of the Washington Post wrote last November of why the alt-right , and particularly supporters of then-President elect Donald Trump , was so drawn to “ Deus vult ” as a symbol of Judeo-Christian pride .
“ Both Trump and those in the seething online churn of the ‘ alt-right ' — a catchall term for a coterie of neo-fascists , white supremacists , ethno-populists , anti-feminists and other far-right extremists who cheered Trump 's electoral victory on Nov. 8 — also embrace a clash of civilizations , ” he wrote . “ The president-elect signaled as much in a major foreign policy speech in April , when he rejected the idea of ‘ universal values ' and trumpeted the promotion of Western civilization . ”
The alt-right 's memeification of “ Deus vult ” is just one part of what 's seen as the group 's larger obsession with anti-Islamic discourse and medieval imagery . While this connection has been debated — some argue that the phrase 's popularity is only attributable to Crusader Kings — the prevalent understanding is that “ Deus vult ” in the alt-right context is just another code word for hate-mongering . ( It 's also another example of the movement re-appropriating iconography for its purposes . Refer to the history of the “ Pepe the frog ” meme for more on that . )
“ The current surge of Deus Vult does not seem to be part of [ Crusader Kings ] , but part of a growing hatred for islamification , proved by simply reading the comments that come with that phrase , ” explained one Redditor to another asking about the phrase 's proliferation last October .
In the case of For Honor , “ Deus vult ” is just a phrase used by the community without any political associations . ( We 've contacted Ubisoft for comment and will update if we hear back . ) The meme , too , is divorced from the alt-right movement . Instead , it 's just one uncomfortable way that the game 's burgeoning community intersects with one of the internet 's most incendiary .
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt Edward ( Scott ) Scott PruittEPA knows this pesticide is dangerous , so why did it reverse the ban ? Archives investigation finds no ‘ secret ' Pruitt calendars existed California has sued the Trump administration 46 times . Here are the lawsuits MORE 's schedule has a heavy emphasis on top executives from companies that his agency is tasked with regulating , The New York Times is reporting .
According to the report , which is based on Pruitt 's schedule between February and May , Pruitt held daily meetings and attended other working events with top industry executives .
He had few meetings with environmental and public health groups , the Times noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
The newspaper highlighted his schedule on April 26 , when Pruitt met with General Motors lobbyists who urged him to withdraw an Obama-era regulation aimed at reducing emissions that contribute to global warming .
He then had a lunch meeting with the heads of Southern Company , one of the largest coal-burning electric utility companies in the U.S. , and met with the board of directors of Alliance Resource Partners , another powerful coal-mining company , for another meal , according to the report .
The chief executive of Alliance Resource Partners also reportedly donated almost $ 2 million to PACs that aimed to get President Trump elected .
Pruitt developed relationships with these companies when he served as Oklahoma 's attorney general . During that period , he sued the EPA over a dozen times to halt regulations on firms he is now overseeing , according to the report .
EPA officials defended Pruitt 's meetings with the executives .
“ As E.P.A . has been the poster child for regulatory overreach , the agency is now meeting with those ignored by the Obama administration , ” the agency said in a statement to the Times , calling its report an “ attempt to sensationalize for clicks ” Pruitt 's schedule .
Others who have served in the same position , however , told the Times they found the industry-heavy schedule unusual .
More than 150 new jobs are coming to Honea Path , according to Mayor Earl Meyers . Meyers said the Chiquola Maison nursing home will be built on the Old Chiquola Mill Site . The home will be built in early 2016.The 150-bed skilled nursing facility will provide the 150 jobs and the construction phase will also create jobs for this area , Meyers said . Meyers also thanked Honea Path town council members , Senator Billy Odell , Representative Mike Gambrell and Anderson County Administrator Rusty Burns for helping to make the construction possible . Officials worked on getting the funding and approval for the nursing home for several years .
More than 150 new jobs are coming to Honea Path , according to Mayor Earl Meyers .
Meyers said the Chiquola Maison nursing home will be built on the Old Chiquola Mill Site .
Advertisement Related Content Proposed nursing home denied by state
The home will be built in early 2016 .
The 150-bed skilled nursing facility will provide the 150 jobs and the construction phase will also create jobs for this area , Meyers said .
Meyers also thanked Honea Path town council members , Senator Billy Odell , Representative Mike Gambrell and Anderson County Administrator Rusty Burns for helping to make the construction possible .
Officials worked on getting the funding and approval for the nursing home for several years .
AlertMe
Sussex 188 for 7 ( Wright 111 * ) beat Gloucestershire 185 for 4 ( Klinger 61 , Marshall 37 ) by 3 wickets
Scorecard
Luke Wright once again starred on England 's T20 stage © Getty Images
Luke Wright smashed an amazing century to guide Sussex to an astonishing three-wicket NatWest T20 Blast win over Gloucestershire at Bristol as he once again underlined his status as one of domestic cricket 's finest T20 stars .
With just two overs remaining , the visitors still required 43 to overtake Gloucestershire 's 185 for 4 . But the 19th over , bowled - initially at least - by James Fuller saw the game turned on its head as 34 runs were added .
Wright hit four sixes off it , the last after Fuller had been ordered out of the attack for two no-balled full tosses and Craig Miles was forced to bowl the final delivery .
That left only nine needed from the final over , sent down by off-spinner Jack Taylor , and two more Wright boundaries sealed a sensational victory with a ball to spare .
Insights Gloucestershire are proving to be a strong and well-rounded team this season and they should continue to challenge for a quarter-final place despite this defeat . However , they arguably lost this match , and may lose similar matches in the future , because they lack an international quality , standout player , be that with bat or ball , but especially ball . Of their starting XI , only Hamish Marshall and Geraint Jones have played international cricket , and neither have done so for almost a decade . The likes of James Fuller ca n't be relied upon to close out matches . Freddie Wilde
Wright finished unbeaten on 111 , having played virtually a lone hand with the bat for his side . He had cracked 7 fours and 8 sixes in facing just 56 deliveries .
`` I 'm especially delighted being skippered this season , '' Wright said . `` When I took that role on I always thought the best way I could lead was with performances like that . I changed my bat for a bit of luck , they started to miss their lengths and I finally managed to get a few out of the middle .
`` With ten overs left I felt we had too much to do because they were bowling so well . But in the end the kept putting the ball in my area and it was a very special night for me . We chased down 220 in 19 overs in a remarkable game against Essex last year , but in terms of the game 's importance against a side close to us in the table , this was even more special . ''
Gloucestershire 's captain Michael Klinger said : `` It was a crushing defeat for us in the circumstances , but all the credit must go to Luke Wright for a fantastic innings . James Fuller had a plan for bowling to him in the penultimate over and simply could n't execute it . ''
Earlier , Klinger had taken his NatWest T20 Blast run tally for the season to 518 in just seven innings as Gloucestershire posted what looked a winning score only for Klinger , outstanding all season , to be denied once again .
After a delayed start until 6pm , the Australian shared an opening stand of 88 in 10.4 overs with Hamish Marshall ( 37 ) after winning the toss .
Marshall , returning after a calf injury , lost nothing in comparison with his captain , scoring his runs off 27 balls , with 4 fours and a six , before being caught at mid-on attempting to pull a ball from Tymal Mills .
Ian Cockbain , also enjoying an excellent run in the competition , then joined Klinger , who reached a 41-ball half-century , with 4 fours and a six .
The pair added 42 in four overs , taking unusually heavy toll on Michael Yardy , whose three overs cost 41 , before Klinger skied a catch to wicketkeeper Craig Cachopa attempting a big hit off Chris Liddle . Cockbain hit three sixes in moving to 30 off 16 balls . And after he was bowled off an inside edge by Mills , Benny Howell and Geraint Jones ensured Gloucestershire of a competitive total .
The Sussex response got off to a poor start when Chris Nash , having hit the first ball of the innings for four , fell lbw to James Fuller two deliveries later .
It was 13 for two when Matt Machan got a leading edge to Klinger at cover in Fuller 's next over and 51 for three when Craig Cachopa fell for 18 , caught at long-off to give left-arm spinner Tom Smith his 17th wicket in South Group matches .
Despite Wright 's best efforts , Sussex were only 67 for three at the halfway stage of their innings . And when George Bailey smacked a Benny Howell full toss straight to Marshall at deep mid-wicket their chance looked to have gone . When Smith struck again to have Harry Finch stumped the asking rate was already above 13 an over .
Two Wright sixes saw 21 come off the 17th over from Kieran Noema-Barnett , but Taylor conceded only five off the next and Gloucestershire seemed as good as home . Wright had other ideas as a woeful over from Fuller changed the course of the match
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
Fox Topix : Edmund Fitzgerald
What are your memories or thoughts about the sinking of the Edmund Fitzgerald ? What makes it such an enduring legend ?
40 years ago today , the iron ore freighter Edmund Fitzgerald sank in Lake Superior during a violent storm that was producing near hurricane force winds . All 29 crew members died . No bodies were ever recovered . It still holds as the largest shipping disaster ever on the Great Lakes .
Built in River Rouge , Michigan , the Edmund Fitzgerald was launched in 1958 and was the largest ore freighter on the Great Lakes .
On November 10 , 1975 , the Edmund Fitzgerald was sailing from Superior , Wisconsin to Detroit , along with companion ship , Arthur M. Anderson , with a load of iron ore when she sank about 17 miles from Whitefish Bay in Canadian waters .
Since then , the sinking of the Edmund Fitzgerald has been a big part of Great Lakes lore , immortalized in the song , “ The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald ” by Gordon Lightfoot .
For today 's Fox Topix , we want you to tell us : What are your memories or thoughts about the sinking of the Edmund Fitzgerald ? What makes it such an enduring legend ?
Please share your comments below . You can also email us : mtm @ mifox32.com .
Comments
comments
